	Sports Talk With The Guys - Hosted by the Golden Gate Hotel and Casino!	Staff was wonderful, professional and first-rate! Couldn't ask for more! Our weekend special was loads of fun!	
Nov 25 2009 	seriously a deal for $9/night	I'm a Vegas local thats trying to not spend so much but still loves a little spontaneity, so I decided to surprise my boyfriend with a little surprise date in lovely, artsy, old school downtown Fremont! It's not the Bellagio or anything close but I wanted this &quot;staycation&quot; to be more fun and reconnecting than luxurious and glam. Hotel: 19 + 3taxes/fees =21$ for TWO nights, FAMOUS shrimp cocktail=99 cents (we had like 6), drinks=25$ (they're super reasonable but we enjoyed a lot so it racked up-hey it was vacation), gambling=10$ for hours haha , downtown casions have chips worth 10 and 25 cents!!! Food is ridiculously cheap too. 2night vacation from life that had us laughing and falling in love all over again, less than 70$.	
Nov 23 2009 	Read all reviews about it Been There First time stayed Loved It !!!!!!	Yes, Like everyone else you wonder what you get for $20- $40.00 a night. We got the 4th floor I asked about non smoking and Julie, OH, Yes friendly Julie at the check in, she was real helpful all the time. She had said it was a non smoking floor.  And you could not smell anything in the hall or the room.. The room were clean as all others say. The room was about 12x12 without the bathroom. Bath smaller but Clean. Like some had stated there was some noise from Golden Nugget but no big deal its just about done. Your not there to sleep all night !!! Get the coupon book from the Golde Gate Players Club for 2 for one meals, drinks free shrimp. If you want to get around to the strip and back or anywhere in vegas streets you can do a 3 day pass now for $15.00.  We went to the Fremont Sat morning for the buffet, for $9.99 you get Prime Rib, han, made to order omlets, shrimp, and all the goodies, fresh fruit.. Went back sunday but the had a Champain Brunch $9.99.. So we went around to the Califorina Hotel had a buffet for $5.95 Small buffet scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, couple other items and coffee milk juice..  WE had one dinner at the Golden Gate Restaurant Meat Loaf with coupon buy on get one for $10.99 was very good. Had burgers fries was good.. I check out on line that it was cheaper to take the GRAY LINE BUS from the Airport to Downdown/ Fremont for $16.00 per person (round trip). Just go out door #10 at the Baggage Clam to buy a ticket.  But if you have 4-5 people take a cab and split it. They say it cost about $24.00 to go Downtown one way.. Fitzgarlds Casino on Fremont Street has $2.00 Black Jack.  Calf. Hotel $3.00 Black Jack (GOLDEN GATE) If you read this, NOT EVERYONE WANT&quot;S TO SPEND $10.00 A HAND ON BLACK JACK WHEN IT COMES TO A FRI-SAT NIGHT. CAN'T YOU LEAVE ONE TABLE AT $5.00 FOR THE NIGHTS. ONE TABLE FOR THE POOR WORKING MAN. I SAW EMTPY TABLES AT $25.00 UP, THAT COULD BE FULL IF IT WAS A $5.00 TABLE..  All I can say if you want to pay big bucks for the Strip, for a bigger room, for snobby hotel personel. Thats the place to be. The Strip is good for the first timers to see the sights.  If you want a more laid back friendly area, Cheaper price for food &amp; drinks come to Fremont.. Or go out side of town, off the Strip.. Hope this helps...	
Nov 21 2009 	It worked for me!	I snagged this property for a one night stay for a mere $19 a night and expected very little. I was surprised. It had drawbacks, sure, but it was an excellent bed and quality linens. The bathroom was dated, but clean and with great water pressure. The room, itself, was smaller than most, but I just needed a place to get a great night's sleep.The downsides, for some people, will be the location. It is on the Fremont Promenade and they had a rock band banging tunes til around 10pm (then it quieted down). It is also a fairly good distance from the Strip and if you aren't used to using the bus system, it could be a hassle as taxis are way expensive. If you choose to use the bus system, it is easy and convenient.As far as bargains, I think I got one and would stay there again. It really was not much difference from any pretty nice hotel in the town.	
Nov 21 2009 	Hidden Gem	Room was CHEAP, clean, nice ammenities, and a great location on the end of Freemont Street. We had a great view of the street... fun hanging out of the windows!! The only thing we were surprised by was the size of the room. It works for the amount of time you spend in the room... Getting drinks are good if you are playing table games. Otherwise your best bet is going right next door to La Bayou!! Whoa... no money won but got our buzz on!! As an added plus the casino has dancers nightly in the pit area and plays great upbeat musica!!! The shrimp cocktail everyone raves about is a stupid cup of frozen baby shrimp with cocktail sauce poured over them:( Don't pay for it. Just play craps and ask for the free coupons for it!! Bye now...	
Nov 18 2009 	Golden Gate Casino Hotel Las Vegas - the best!	Excellent hotel. I was pleasantly surprised. At first, because of the low price, I was hesitant, but compared to the strip prices, this hotel seemed more logical. Not only was the room impeccably clean, the bed unbelievably comfortable and kind of art deco plus, they had flat screen tv's. which the MGM did not! Also, after reading a couple of reviews, I was concerned about the noise. not a peep was heard. I was also on the second floor. The next day I checked out and had to go to a function....3 hours later, I noticed I was not wearing my rings! Diamonds and black pearls! I had put them on the bathroom sink and forgot! I raced back to the hotel and lo and behold the head of housekeeping was at the front desk with my jewelry. What a great experience this hotel was. I had to go to the MGM for a couple of days after, but regret that I had to. This hotel was much more comfortable and personal. Would stay here anytime again. Wonderful service, wonderful people, clean and comfortable!	
Oct 27 2009 	Beware of Noise at Night!	I stayed for 3 nights starting Oct 23rd. I liked everything about the hotel except one thing which you should know about before booking a room. I had read previous reviews on this site, so when I checked in, I asked for a room away from the alley (to avoid loud trash pickup noise at 5am) and not facing Fremont Street due to the loud entertainment until midnight or 1am every night. I was assigned to Room 232. It was a small, quaint room with a nice flat screen tv and very clean. I went out for dinner and some fun and got back to the room sometime around 11pm. As I was trying to sleep I could hear loud music and actually feel the vibrations coming from the sound. As it turned out, they have go-go dancers at the blackjack tables which happens to be directly below Room 232. I'm happy to see go-go dancers, but the loud music they were dancing to made it impossible to sleep. I drifted asleep a couple of times, but kept waking up. Finally, just before 2am I got dressed and went down and requested another room. I was advised they didn't have any, but could request a different room the next day. It was a Friday night. I walked over to the 4 Queens and Vegas Club just to see if I could get a room and some sleep. They were booked to capacity. When I returned to the Golden Gate the loud music had finally stopped (sometime shortly after 2am). The next day they were very accomodating and moved me to a room on the 3rd floor, across from the Plaza Hotel. There was still traffic sounds at night, but very tolerable compared to the first night. Other than that, I really liked the hotel. Hope this helps!	
Oct 25 2009 	Golden Gate Hotel 	By Vegas standards this is a small family run hotel and casino on Fremont St in downtown Las Vegas. Friendly &amp; helpful staff make you feel very welcome. Comfortable and clean all for a very reasonable price. Always busy hence they only take bookings of 7 nights or less. Because I had a good stay last time, I've booked to stay there again for a week in Jan 2010	
Oct 23 2009 	Awesome Stay Great Value	We stayed at this hotel because we booked a really good promotional rate. We were not expecting a lot, but we were definitely surprised. The rooms were recently renovated and have a boutique feel to them. They also feature flat panel TVs and iPod compatible alarm clocks. The staff members were super friendly and check-in was quick and easy. We booked two rooms and in one of the rooms the air-conditioning stopped working - we mentioned it to the front desk when we went out for breakfast and it was fixed by the time we returned. This property is also the only place in Vegas that seems to care about its history, so it is a good place for a little nostalgia.	
Oct 21 2009 	Watch out for Nugget construction	No doubt about it, this is a great hotel and casino. The rooms are clean, the beds comfortable, the staff very friendly, and the price is just right. HOWEVER, be careful not to accept a room facing the Golden Nugget. The Nugget is near the end of a major construction project and the workers are going at it 24/7. Jackhammers, bull dozers, dump trucks...you name it. Other than that, great place to stay. Especially love the music in the casino.	
Oct 19 2009 	Remodeled rooms great value	with flat screen TV, quite stylish. But bathroom was still old and I found some of someone else's hair, so not that clean, but still okay. Great location at one end of the Fremont Street Experience. Parking (you'll have to get a permit from the hotel, then it's for free) is on a designated site nearby (alongside S Main St), all on ground level, i.e. you don't have to navigate through one of those enormous multi-level garages. Great value!!! The casino is quite small, which again is an advantage because it only takes a minute or so to walk through it.	
Oct 18 2009 	Fantastic :)	I stay at the Golden Gate Hotel at least 8 times a years...if I can swing Vegas more I would!!! I love Vegas...and I love the Golden Gate. Great price for a nice room. I dont need 5 star but I do need clean... Golden Gate has never let me down. All rooms have been re-done and I love them. Flat screen TV's in room coffee and all that jazz you want and need in a Hotel. The rooms are very small and would not be ok for a family but for a couple a great deal! This is an old hotel and you can tell. Dont be shocked at the old tile in the bathrooms or how the water goes hot and cold in the shower...but honestly in Vegas I need a place to lay my head... I cant tell you how great this Hotel is. I was a bit weary at first but soooo glad I tried it!!!! You will be too....	
Oct 13 2009 	Best Place in Downtown	we go to Vegas almost every month and never stayed in Golden Gate, this is our first time and i love that place. It has an espectacular view and the rooms are small but cozy, clean and a lot better than the ones in the strip...we will stay again in there, we actually had some friends over and drink on the room with the windows opened and had a great time. o and the Staff is so helpfull. Don't forget to get shrimp cocktail for just 99cents	
Oct 11 2009 	Inexpensive to lay your head	Inexpensive hotel on Fremont st. Staff friendly. Don't think about staying here if you really need to get sleep though. Our room backed up to the alley and the garbage trucks arrived around 5:30am every day to dumpt the many dumpsters of bottles and cans. No sleep after being awakened by that noise.	
Oct 9 2009 	Affordable no frills hotel in old downtown Las Vegas	My husband and I stayed at the Golden Gate for the weekend. Since we only needed a room to sleep in, we decided to stay at the Golden Gate. We never stayed on the Strip, figured, we rather spend money on a nice dinner, show and gambling than on a room, so we chose the Golden Gate. We stayed at the Lady Luck and the Plaza Hotel and Casino before. The motels/hotels in the old Downtown Vegas are not very luxurious, and most of the people staying there are certainly on a budget or simply don't like spending too much $$$ on a hotel room. Parking at the Golden Gate is pretty limited - they only have valet parking which is free but you have to tip the person working over there. The staff was friendly and helpful - we were able to choose our room. The room we stayed in was small, cozy, with a modern feel to it. It looked like the room had recently been renovated. My husband thought it &quot;too small&quot; but since I am from Europe I am used to small motel/hotel rooms. Like I said, all we needed was a room with a bed and a bathroom. The bathroom was small, but clean. That's all that mattered to me. As for the bed, the mattress was pretty soft, so if you like soft plush mattresses, good for you. We prefer hard beds, but then again, everybody is different. As for food, they have a deli downstairs in the casino. The sandwiches were pretty goood, we had one when we got hungry in the middle of the night. There's not really more to say, I would not recommend this place for a family with young children, since the rooms are really small. I would recommend this hotel for young singles, couples on a budget or just need a room with a shower and a bed. Don't stay there if you are looking for luxury, but if you just need a room that's clean and very affordable, that's the place to stay. I would certainly stay at the Golden Gate again.	
Oct 8 2009 	OLD VEGAS STYLE AND I LOVED IT.	We stayed 3 nights on the strip and had a red eye on the 4th night. We found a very very reasonable rate at this hotel just to have a place to crash during the last day since checkout time is 11am and our flight was not until 11pm. We checked out of our hotel on the strip and rented a car to drove through Red Rock Canyon for a couple of hours. We were a bit tired so we checked into the Golden Gate hotel and fell in love with it. Took a quick cat nap to recharge and truly enjoyed Fremont Street. We had a hard time leaving for our 11:30pm flight. Definately next time we would stay 2 nights on the strip and 1 night on Fremont Street. Golden Gate Hotel and Casino has a great history. Rooms are a bit small compared to the rooms on the strip but it was built in 1907. Great souvenir shopping on Fremont Street	
Sep 29 2009 	Old Vegas Charm!	This was my 5th trip to Las Vegas, and the 1st time that I stayed downtown. The Golden Gate, being the first hotel in Las Vegas, seemed like an appropriate choice. Our room was clean and large. The decor is dated, but we were expecting that anyway. We really wanted an &quot;old Vegas&quot; experience. The casino is intimate by Vegas standards, and very cosy. The food was standard fare and plentiful. Be sure to try their famous Shrimp Cocktail. (free, if you sign up at the Promotions Desk).Our room cost us $24/night, and the 4th night was free! How's that for budget travelling?We will book here again on our next trip to Vegas.	
Sep 24 2009 	Convenient friendly reasonable price	Stayed at the Golden Gate Hotel &amp; Casino in September 2009. Rooms are reasonably priced, clean and decent size. The bathroom is a bit small, but manageable.Staff is friendly. Casino is lively. Restaurant has good offerings with friendly staff. Seating along the counter or in tables or booths. The deli is convenient also with the 99 cent shrimp cocktails.Casino is right at the beginning of Fremont Street Experience so you can't beat the location. Parking is by valet only in the rear of the hotel, but very convenient to the deli, hotel check-in, hotel elevator and casino.Enjoyed the flat screen TV and the iHome ipod dock clock radio. It is true that rooms facing Fremont Street can be noisy. Only one elevator so if you don't want a room far away from the elevator you need to let the hotel know.	
Aug 25 2009 	Excellent value	I stayed here on a bit of a trip around the US. The hotel itself was very nice; an ipod dock and flat screen tv were nice touches and the room was always cleaned to the highest standard. Yes, the room was a little small, but for the price you should not expect Buckingham Palace. Another downside was its distance from the strip...the Deuce is an excellent bus, with one ever 10 mins or so. However, one night in traffic it took me 2hrs to get back...so be warned! The hotel is however on the excellent freemont street; the street itself was amazing and I loved the free shows! The casinos on the strip where also a lot cheaper ($2 blackjack in freemonts for instance) and there was some excellent cheap buffets (altrhough the diner in the hotel is immense!) and half price tickets to the big shows in Las Vegas available for purchase on the street. All in all and excellent stay. Yes it's not got the glamour and location of the main Las Vegas hotels. What it does have, is friendly staff, cheap rooms and cheap casinos nearby!	
Aug 21 2009 	Not bad for the money	Just got back from a 4 night stay at the Golden Gate, Downtown Las Vegas. As most of the reviews have stated, the room was very small, however, as a solo traveler, I wasn't looking for loads of space and the room had been updated. The flat screen LCD tv was nice, and there was a nice easy chair. Housekeeping was good and the coffee maker in the room is always a plus. I was able to get a good nights sleep on the bed (something I have not always been able to do in some of the fancier hotels). Check-in and check-out were easy and the staff were all courteous and friendly. The only real major improvements I would suggest would be to install some kind of light in the shower, and to work on the smell in the hallways (rug freshener maybe?). All in all it was about what I expected (Oh yeah, didn't have any hot water problems anytime). I would recommend this hotel to any solo travelers or small couples.	
Aug 19 2009 	A diamond in the ruff	This is I think one of Vegas's hidden gems and I like it. Our room although small (you don't want to put more then 2 people in a room) were recently remodeled. Nice curtains from the window, nice comfy mattress and soft pillows, in the armour sat a good sized flat screened tv with plenty of enough channels and good reception. The bathroom is small and has an old school industrial toilet. The bathroom kind of reminded me something of the 60's from the tealish colored tiles on the wall. The plumbing in the bathtub is a bit slow so you will be standing in shower water. But come on folks this is the first hotel in Las Vegas! My guess if they were to replace the plumbing they'd have to gut the building or something drastic. I've checked rates consistently after staying here and very rarely do they do go above 20-25 a night. I look forward to my next stay because the Golden Gate will be first on my list of places to stay.	
Aug 10 2009 	Really Enjoyed The Golden Gate	Over the course of a 3 month road trip, we stayed at the Golden Gate 3 times for a total of 4 nights, and stayed in different rooms each time. The first thing to say, is that value wise it's hard to imagine a better deal. We paid $23 the first two stays for smoking rooms including a Friday night, and $47 the third time in a non-smoking room.The non-smoking room we stayed in was a lot smaller for some reason, though still very adequate. If you like big bathrooms, you will be dissapointed, but if you like more than enough space to get clean, then at this price you wont be bothered. The shower's are fitted with soaking plates and there was always steaming hot water. Complimentary bottles and bars of Neutragena shampoo &amp; soap are a nice touch.The smoking rooms do really smell of smoke - sounds obvious, but these days it's increasingly unusual for smoking to be permitted in enclosed spaces and you really notice it at first. Soon got used to it though.The beds were very comfortable with plenty of pillows. The rooms have been re-fitted and the deco style furniture and lamps compliment the set up. New flat screen TV's, large side boards and plenty of hanging space tucked away in a 'built in' cupboard behind the door are all useful, pleasing additions.Location wise, the hotel is obviously on Fremont. Personally, I love this area of Vegas - it has a vibe all of it's own, like a self contained, super laid back mini Vegas community with no hint of pretension. If you want to get to the strip, it's fairly easy to shuttle up and down on the bus, but if you're only going in once a day and you're not alone, a taxi is a much better bet.We ate their on our last night - just cold food, but really good. I was especially suprised by the 99c shrimp cocktail (join the 1906 club for free play and food deals), and the beef sandwich was melt in the mouth. There's always a queue but it moves quick and reassures you of the quality and freshness. If you just want the shrimp cocktail, go straight to the cashier.Tables are good fun and during the day you can get $3 Blackjack play, $5 upward at night. Some of the slots are tucked away a bit tired, but the bar is a good place to kick back and watch the action.Staff wise, apart from one grumpy valet, all very helpful, polite and courteous. Noise wise, we had no complaints, but I gues if you went to bed before the last Fremont Experience light show (about 1am at weekends), you probably will be bothered, but no more so than many hotel rooms on Fremont. All in all, If you want a unique experience and prefer to blow your money on gambling, stay in Fremont, soak it up and take a room at the Golden Gate.	
Jul 27 2009 	Amazing deal! But beware of the LOUDNESS!	I got a two queen room for $19 on a Thursday night. It was an amazing deal for a gorgeous, clean room complete with an awesome television and even an iPod dock on the alarm clock!However - the room was situated along the Fremont Street Experience - meaning it was insanely loud until about midnight. We needed some sleep, so we had to go to Walgreen's and buy some earplugs! It's a fabulous deal, but beware if you'll be needing sleep and ask for a room that ISN'T right on Fremont!	
Jul 25 2009 	decent room for the price	paid about $40 for a saturday night in june. 2 queen bed. very cosy setting but the toilet is old. room even has LCD tv. room is quite small but the feeling is good. if u want budget yet decent room, this is the hotel to stay in.	
Jul 25 2009	Ï really recommend Golden Gate	Las Vegas - Golden Gate Casino &amp; Hotel - Ï really recommend Golden Gate.Date July 23, 2009TripAdvisor Member, Rio de Janeiro, BrazilI recommend to stay at Golden Gate for several reasons, it is well located, Fremont Street is fantastic, besides the events, you have everything you need you will find any kind of gifts to take home, etc and of course stay at the most famous neon street- Fremont Street Experience - The staff is professional, helpful and friendly.The price is affordable for any budget, the shrimp cocktail is wonderful, I tried and approved, and if you sign up as a member's club you can buy it for .99c. It's great! Do not forget to try the prime rib and another tip is the breakfast, good prices and you have many options in the menu.The hotel casino is very safe, my air conditioning stopped working and I complained to the help desk clerk and immediately he solved the problem, it was 108 degrees that time and in a few minutes it was working again! The room was well cleaned, and the samples of shampoo, bath soap ,shower gel, etc are from Neutrogena, they are great and I enjoyed all of them. I hope this review can help a traveler who is planning to spend his/her vacation, and do not worry if you are traveling alone, as I said the atmosphere is comfortable, and safe.	
Jul 17 2009 	Classic Ambiance	This is the best deal in Vegas! You can't beat the price or the location if you want to experience Freemont Street. The employees were very friendly and incredibly helpful. The room was small (what do you expect, the place was built 100 years ago) but the bed was more comfortable than the 4 star hotels on the strip. The hotel is right on Freemont Street and the Bay City Diner downstairs was my favorite place to eat in all of Las Vegas, so I had to eat tere twice. You can't beat the price or the quality of the food. I had a huge bowl of pasta for $5.99 and a large salad for $6.99 which would have cost more than $13 anywhere else.The strip is fun, but if you want something more low-key check out Downtown las Vegas and stay at the Golden Gate.	
Jul 16 2009 	Nice for the Price...	Stayed midweek and only paid $19 per night! Now, had I paid $50 or more, I would have been let-down and not happy, but for a cheap stay it was just right. In short: you can tell this used to be a run-down motel that did a very good job of remodeling recently. It shows that they spent some good money to make it nicer but fell short of going all the way (flat-panel televisions [but only a dozen channels]; Neutrogena bath products [but never replaced the old tile floor]; nice new credenza for the TV [but an empty mini-closet for a fridge]). Still has window AC units, but they really keep the room cool. Beds were comfortable with new linens; a little soft for my taste, but certainly comfortable. The room overall was very tiny, but that is typical of a hotel that is over 100 years old - and after all, why do you need a lot of room when you're in Vegas? Bathroom also was tiny, but the shower stall was nice - tiled from floor to ceiling, good showerhead. Cannot beat the location, right at the end of Fremont Street. Best feature was the small size of the hotel overall: very easy to run in and drop something off in your room without having to navigate a hundred elevators and thousands of other guests. Security was present all night, which was good to see. Very friendly valet to park the cars, comp, right behind the hotel.	
Jul 11 2009 	great location and price	We spent a friday night in this hotel and only paid $40. The room was very basic and small but on the plus side they had been remodeled and we had no problems with the bed, bathroom or shower. If you intend to spend lots of time in your room i wouldn't pick the Golden Gate. but if your like us and just need the room to freshern up and get a few hour sleep this is the place to stay...	
Jul 5 2009 	Good cheap room.	When I booked a room in this hotel I didn't really care about the history of the place. I was just looking to save a few bucks. I didn't care that the hotel didn't have a pool, fitness room, night clubs or room service, I just needed a place to sleep at night, and shower in the morning.Check in was a breeze. I arrived in Las Vegas early, and got to the hotel around 11:30am. They did not have any rooms ready, so I couldn't check in early, but they did offer to hold my stuff so I could go eat, and check out the sites (they also held my stuff for a few hours after I checked out, as my room on the Strip wouldn't be ready until 3pm).After I ate and played some poker I headed back to check in. It's a very small hotel, so the line was really short. The clerk was friendly, and gave me a choice of either a quiet room facing the back, or one facing Freemont St. I chose the room facing Freemont St., 'cause I wanted the view of the Freemont St. Experience.The room was very small, but decent. You can tell it was recently redecorated. The paint was fresh, the carpets were new, and they had nice art hanging on the walls. You won't confuse the Golden Gate with the Wynn or Bellagio, but they do offer you a few perks that some more expensive rooms don't. The rooms come with nice LCD televisions and iPod compatible iHome alarm clocks that also let you listen to soothing nature sounds. The bed was comfortable, and enjoyed sleeping in it. The windows and curtains did a surprisingly good job of blocking out the noise from the Freemont St. Experience. You could still hear it, but it didn't stop me from enjoying a nice nap the first night I was there.The bathroom tiles need to be replaced, but the shower was nice and high, and hot, and they provided nice soaps made by Nuetrogena. I usually don't use the hotel soap, but I did this stay.All in all, it was a nice stay. I would stay here again, for sure.(Tip: If you want a room facing Freemont St. ask for a room on the 3rd floor. 3rd floor windows come with nice flower beds, and the view isn't partially blocked by the hotel signage.)	
Jun 30 2009 	Good Room For "The Fremont St. Experience"	This 100 year old building has been cared for but could still use additional work. The exterior of the building looks great as did my remodeled room with the exception of the rather tired, worn and tiny bathroom.  Upon check in I was given a choice of a quiet room in the back or a room facing Fremont St. were the action is. I chose the latter. My room had a window that opened where just below a band was playing. Also, I had a nice view of the overhead visual and sound show which Fremont St. is famous for. The casino fills up in the evenings and players did seem to enjoy themselves more than what I've seen at other casinos. Internet service was cheap and of fair speed. Parking is free despite what some travel sites have posted. Basically, I received a nicely furnished room for a bargain price.	
Jun 16 2009 	Perfect perfectand almost perfect	Over the last 15 years,my wife and I have stayed at almost all the downtown hotels in Vegas because we like the closeness of the Freemont street area. In December we stayed at Binions, and while gambling in the Golden Gate one night my wife asked if she could check out one of the rooms, because we heard that they were remodeling. She was impressed enough that we booked 4 nights there for our June Vegas getaway. Our room must have been one of the best in the house, it was plenty big enough, and we had a birds eye view of Freemont street and Main street. If you book there, ask for room 404. It is the corner room on the top floor, overlooking Freemont and Main streets.Both the hotel and Casino staff were very friendly, the restaurants have great specials, and you are within walking distance to all that downtown has to offer.This is an old hotel, with a lot of charm and character,but because it is so old there are some problems. The shower has decent pressure, but the water temp can fluctuate without warning, so at times you have to be quick on your feet! Also, the lone elevator is a bit slow and clunky, but there are only 4 floors, so taking the stairs is a a quicker option. Overall I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to have a great time downtown, you can't go wrong for the location and price. We will stay there again. P.S;the summer of love promotion on Freemont St. is a lot of fun	
Jun 11 2009 	Nice place to stay on a budget. Will return.	I stayed here May 23, 2009 for after my airline changed my flight and I needed a cheap place for just the one night. It's located under the canopy on Fremont Street and in a very safe area. It's at the end of the street next to Main Street. I had a pullman suitcase and had no trouble walking there from the bus stop at 4th and Fremont.My first impressions when walking into the hotel/casino is that it was dark but I liked the feel of the place. It was old(built in 1906) but in very good shape, spotless and didn't smell funky. There were also plenty of security people at all times.I don't see any hotel signs and roamed around to a dead end to the Bay City Diner. Back I go and then find the Deli with the .99 Shrimp Cocktail. You need a players card to get this deal and although I don't eat seafood, they looked like a good deal for those that like the little crustaceans. The cocktails are large as they are served in a parfait glass. I see some people happily gobbling theirs and am surprised at how big they are(the cocktails, not the diners). Too bad I can't eat seafood or it would be a great deal. What I really want it the check-in but I can't seem to find the desk and finally have to ask. The officer points back to the deli and I see the hotel desk is actually through a doorway right by the deli. How did I miss it? It's big enough.The registration is a nice quiet area with some comfy antique looking seats for you to sit if you need to wait or look for wallet etc. Lots of wood paneling(not that icky 60's stuff. It's nice wood.) It had a nice character to it. A cross between antique Victorian and an old Western movie feel.The man at the desk is the manager and promptly checks me in. He is polite and seems happy to serve his clients and answered any questions I had. I had emailed the hotel about something pre-trip and he'd answered me himself and even remembered my email. All the other staff I encountered were very nice as well. No attitude from anyone.There are no safes in the room so I got a safety deposit box for my passport &amp; video camera(it's just a tiny camcorder so it JUST fit) and then I went to the elevator. It's really small, old and a little slow(not Imperial Palace elevators slow) but with the building being over 100 years old, it's a wonder they even have one. Although it's old, it didn't feel unsafe.The hallway is long for such a small property and the walls are a buttery yellow coloured plaster. Kind of dull but clean and in good repair. There is also an ice machine and pop machine. I don't remember the price but had remarked to myself it was very reasonably priced compared to others that are well over $2. I get to my room and use their interesting key card. Instead of the usual &quot;credit card&quot; style, this one is a chunky plastic sort of antique shaped key. One swipe and I open the door and take a look inside. I knew to expect a very small room and that it was but it was very functional. All the furniture in the room was new within the past year and included a leather club chair, modern-retro style floor lamp, large cadenza with a big LG flat screen TV &amp; Hamilton Beach coffee maker, two night tables, two table lamps and Ipod docking station. The curtains, bed, bedding and pillow-top mattress(almost as comfy as the ones at the MGM Signature) were also new, as was the carpet. The only thing not totally redone are the bathrooms and mine was miniscule(but workable). The toiletries were Nutragena and were better than what I've had in some more expensive rooms. Towels were on the thin and rough side but there were plenty. While the bathroom was clean, the tiles on teh floor and walls could do with revamping. Don't quote me but they look like they could be the originals from when the hotel opened in 1906 or not long afterwards. Not sure if all the rooms had bathrooms back then. Some of of the very small tiles that were chipped and there were many grout repairs but again the bathroom did not feel gross or dirty. The counter/taps/toilet looked newer and the shower head was one of those large rainshower ones. It had a long neck that I'm sure would easily accommodate someone quite tall. The closet door was very narrow but when I looked inside I saw that it actually goes really deep so you have lots of room.The airconditioner worked very well and blocked out any noise from the Fremont Street Experience/bands outside (The Guess Who were playing that night. Cool!). The music and stuff ends at midnight. My rooms wasn't facing out towards Fremont but sideways over an alleyway that the employees use for breaks. It's also where they throw out glass beer bottles but again with the A/C on I didn't hear any of the noise.The biggest thing that bothered me with the room is that there is a little lip up from the floor where the bathroom meets the rest of the room and I kept forgetting about it. It wasn't exactly a step so there was no danger of catching your foot and tripping but it was a little bit of a nuisance. Looking closer at the room, I notice that the edges of the carpet where they meet the baseboards are a little dusty. Either the maids were taking shortcuts with the vacuuming or their machine does not allow for close contact against the walls because the rest of the room was spotless and I'm a germaphobe.There are no hairdryers in the rooms but they are available at the front desk. I was able to get one in the evening to use the following morning but I've noticed reviews the past few days that say folks were only able to keep them an hour or so. I didn't experience that but maybe they weren't busy that night even though it was a Saturday with lots going on.If room-service is important, they don't have it here. It's not a big deal to go bring something up from downstairs yourself though is it? I usually stay at the Venetian or Signature but had to do things on a budget this time. For $19.06 I was scared of what I might get and honestly was very pleased. I had absolutely no trouble and would definitely stay here again and recommend it to others. It was nice staying at a smaller place and I've paid many times more money for rooms not even half as nice as this in other cities(even though they were much bigger than the ones at Golden Gate). It you want to try something different from the mega-resorts and save some $$ then give the Golden Gate a try.	
Jun 8 2009 	Good Deal for the Price	Service was good, rooms are old &amp; small but clean. Bed had a good firm mattress. It's located on Freemont St. which is the downtown original area. There is a long covered promenade with free concerts &amp; several other casinos. Each night there is a video show on the long promenade ceiling. Noisy area.	
Jun 8 2009 	This is a perfect casino for that "at home" feeling with hospitality!!	I loved this casino/hotel. Everyone here is sooooo very friendly, from the desk clerks, Allen, and Debbie, and Conrad... to the housekeeping people, to the dealers at blackjack, floor personnel, cashiers and CW's, restaurant people, and even security. Bernie, one of the security people made it a point to make sure that I had a great time. I can't say enough about how outgoing and friendly everyone was.I believe all of the rooms have now been renovated at the Golden Gate, and I can vouch for the rooms facing Fremont street with two beds. These rooms are not large, but... they have new carpet, pillowtop mattress which was as good as the one I slept on at Golden Nugget, and the bathroom though small, was very adequate, and clean as a pin. I had a tub/shower combination, so I could soak, as I love to do for my poor old hips, and I could shower off when done. There was plenty of hot water, the air conditioning was nice and cool, and I really enjoyed the coffee in the room! Golden Nugget did NOT have that!I knew that the room would be noisy with Fremont Street Experience Light show going on, but... since I fully intended to be out late every night, this wasn't a problem. I will say that one night I was just exhausted, and went to my room at 11:30 pm. Fell asleep and nothing woke me till the morning, so... I guess if you're tired enough, even the light show won't keep you awake. LOL. They do have the heavy drapes that keep out light if you want it that way. I even filmed some of a light show from that window. It is a unique vantage point on the whole Fremont Street thing.Food at the Bay City Diner is inexpensive, and delicious. Service is good, and is usually pretty fast. The Deli sandwiches are great as well, and who doesn't know about the Shrimp Cocktails for 99c here! They are famous since 1957! This is the oldest casino/hotel in Las Vegas, and... I hope it sticks around for a lot longer. I had luck here gambling also~! Fun slots and excellent blackjack rules.I highly recommend this hotel... The only thing that I have to say that takes away from it is that... I wasn't happy that the iron and hair dryer could only be checked out for one hour at a time. I did mention that they should put this on their website so that people are aware of it. Thats why I'm putting it here. It won't stop me from going back.. but it will make it where I can make arrangements on my own.	
Jun 7 2009 	I liked it. Clean Friendly and well worth $19.06 a night!	I booked May 31 to June 5 at the Golden Gate. Because I wasn't sure I'd like it, I also booked a couple of nights at the Golden Nugget. After one night at GG, I cancelled that other reservation.I arrived at the GG early on a Sunday. They did not have anything ready facing Fremont, so I left my belongings with the front desk and went out to wander Fremont Street. When I came back, it was still early and they only had smoking rooms available so far. The head housekeeper told me that since the rooms were newly renovated, I would not smell anything. And she was right. I had room #207 - second floor facing Fremont. It was small, but perfect for one person who wasn't going to spend a lot of time in the room anyway. I liked the way it was decorated, too. There was a small closet, but a large dresser with plenty of room for clothes. The room had a flat-screen TV and a coffee maker (with coffee, cups &amp; etc). There was also a clock radio with an iPod dock. I've read some reviews that say paper-thin walls, but no one complained when I played my music, so they couldn't have been that bad.The front desk has irons and hair dryers available. If the place is busy, they only let you have them for a certain amount of time, but I opted for wet hair and wrinkled clothes anyway.The bathroom is kind of dated, but clean. I'm not a fan of separate hot and cold water knobs, but the old fashioned style added to the ambiance. I never did seem to get the shower water temperature just right, but I didn't get burned, so that's all that counts.I would have like a more comfortable bed, but at $19.06/night we're not talking Wynn quality mattresses. The only thing I didn't like was that, being short, I couldn't get close to the bathroom mirror to apply makeup. I had to use the large mirror on the wall by the bed, but the lighting in the room was kind of dim and not useful for that purpose. So they could use some of those swing-out makeup mirrors or brighter lighting near the mirror.Overall, I liked my stay at the Golden Gate. I wouldn't hesitate to stay again. Everyone I came in contact with that worked there was super helpful and friendly. And Valet was fast and friendly, too. They have one small lot with Valet and you never wait more than a minute for your car.(I ate downstairs at the Bay City Diner and the food &amp; service was good both times)	
Jun 7 2009 	Great place to party!	We reserved a room for $20 solely for the purpose to have a place to hang out between light shows downtown. We were given a room overlooking Fremont, which was exactly what we wanted. We opened both windows and enjoyed the music and people watching from the street. The room was very small, but clean and updated. The beds were very comfy although we didn't spend the night. We just enjoyed drinks and the views with two other couples. The hotel &amp; casino were clean and everyone was nice.	
Jun 1 2009 	Very old and smelt...front desk and 'valet' poor service	My stay was overall poor. When we arrived at the hotel, I asked valet where can we park? He tried to direct me to the self-serve parking down the street. In my head was why do I have to park down the street when I can park here? Did he feel he would not be receiving a tip??? We pulled up into 'valet' and let him park our car. We had to hurry and get all our bags out since he just stood there standing there demanding we get everything out. At check-in, the first thing said was I need your photo id from both and a valid credit card. Barely a 'hi' or even a fake courteous gesture given. I tried to ignore that as well. When we got our keys, we went through the smelly hallways on 2nd floor and into the far corner. Low and behold, our room as previous people have communicated in their reviews, tiniest room, but clean. We asked for a quieter room and 2 beds, got completely opposite. I phoned my sister long distance to ask her to check with expedia online to see if there were room availabilities for this hotel, and she said she was able to book for the same night. When I went back downstairs to ask for an alternate room, we were told they were all sold out for the night. When I mentioned that if I am available to still book, does that not mean there are rooms available? Alex kept mentioning, rooms are all sold. That was the second time in the same night, on first impression, most of the staff are willing to re-direct you to 'find your own way around'. Very unhelpful both valet &amp; staff. Front desk and valet service are classified as providing customer service for their customers. Certainly, this hotel is rated a 2-star for a reason. Not only for their small and barely updated room, but as a first and last impression -- poor service. Also to note, this hotel does not have room service. When we phoned in to get 2 extra towels. Housekeeping is only open from 7am-3pm! If you want towels, go downstairs yourself! Also can't describe this hotels style besides poor and NOT incredible staff. Poor impression. Would NOT recommend anyone for even 1 night merely because of the cheaper rate.	
May 27 2009 	A very nice stay at the Golden Gate Hotel/Casino.	I stayed at the Golden Gate for five nights--May 15 through May 19. The rooms have been recently refurbished and IMO look very nice. The room I had (# 252) was small but very good for a solo guest. The room faced the Plaza and was quiet. The room was clean, the bed was very comfortable, the water was hot and cold as needed, the television was a new flat screen with limited channels but OK with me, and the room was cleaned every day.I enjoyed my stay at the Golden Gate and took advantage of the diner and the great sandwiches and shrimp cocktails at the snack bar. I played slots for many hours with no big wins but several small ones. The drink service while playing slots was excellent. I would certainly stay again.	
May 18 2009 	I will stay here again	First time staying, and i will be booking again here in October. I prefer to spend less money on a room, and more of it gambling.The room was on the small side, but very nice and clean. The bathroom was small and somewhat outdated, but again clean. The shower head was new, and just about came down from the ceiling, so being 6'3, i could stand directly under it. I did not experience the &quot;no hot water&quot; issue, but then again, i showered in the afternoon, and had ample hot water. My room was cleaned each day.I orignally booked a smoking room, as there were no non smoking rooms available. I contacted the hotel a few times prior to my visit ,about changing rooms, and they said there were non available. I get there to checkin late at night, and they had switched me to a non smoking room.The noise was not that bad, but i also had a room not directly on freemont street.With the hotel only being 4 stories, there was never an issue with waiting for an elevator.	
Apr 23 2009 	Very Cozy	After finding out Golden Gate had remodeled their rooms, I was really excited to stay here. We, four women/one room, stayed here 6 nights. I found the casino and hotel to be very cozy. The rooms are newly redone, they look really nice and are clean. Pillow top beds, which were very comfortable. The pillows were decent. Flat screen TV and a coffee maker.Our first room was one of the smaller rooms but we figured we would manage. Our room, with the windows that totally opened out, overlooked Fremont Street which I really liked. The bathroom had a tub with shower and was small. It also had a small closet. When we were going out the next morning, one of the rooms was being cleaned and was bigger. My mom went down to see if we could move to it, it was open, so we did. This room had three windows overlooking Fremont Street. The closet was deeper than the previous room. This bathroom had a tiled shower, there is a picture posted of it. No shower door, just an opening. Kind of neat in a way. They really need to redo these bathrooms. Or if anything redo the caulking around the sink area, it didn't look very clean. The grout around the tiles looked a bit dirty. But, we were not in the bathrooms a whole lot so it wasn't an issue, even with the four of us getting ready in the mornings. We showered and then did makeup out in the room. There is a very large mirror hung on the wall. We did not have the cold water issue as others have had. We showered anywhere from 6:30am to 8:00am. In the middle of our stay they installed a new very large shower head. It was great.I thought the rooms were dark which I didn't mind but some might. The door had about a two inch gap on the bottom but we didn't hear a lot of noise from the hall. Now for the noise from Fremont Street. We all just knew, we would not be going to sleep before the last show. The room was very noisy from the Freemont light show, it was very very loud. But I loved hanging out the window watching it.The motorcycle cage was just under our window, had a good view but very loud as well. There was also a man with a microphone coming over the speakers doing something underneath our windows, never did check to see what. He continued for maybe 30 minutes after the last light show. But after everything settled down, I don't recall much noise. Could be I was just really tired.The noise was like there were no windows at all. If they could replace these, it would be great.Housekeeping after learning there was four of us, gave us extra soaps and shampoos. Even with the noise and the bathroom, I loved our room.We all love the shrimp cocktails here. With your players card they are only 99cents, available at the shrimp bar. We ate in the Bay City Diner, I think the food is good. We too received the money credits on our cards daily, we only received $5 a day. I had a little luck in the casino. It was nice after a day of going out to other casinos to come back to this tiny one and gamble a bit ant then the rooms aren't that far away and not a long walk down a hall to your room. If you want something fancy and plush, this is not the place. I'm not sure many people will tolerate the noise in the rooms.I loved it here. And the price could not be beat.	
Apr 20 2009 	Better than you'd expect for $19	First off, if you are considering the Golden Gate, please understand that you are not going to get 4-star accomodations for $19.06. As long as you have reasonable expectations, you will probably not be disappointed. My wife and I booked a room there for Saturday, April 11th at their promotional rate of $19.06. This, for a Saturday night, was a ridiculous deal. Since they only have 100 or so rooms, check-in was a breeze. We received our room in the &quot;old&quot; section of the hotel, which meant that the room was extremely small. That was OK with us. We didn't choose the Golden Gate for the amenities, after all. The room was very clean and looked nice with its art-deco motif. There were framed photos of Frank Sinatra and Louis Armstrong on the walls, which I thought was cool. It also had a sweet flat-screen TV. The bathroom was, again, small but functional with one exception. As a previous reviewer noted, there was no hot water in the morning. This was, admittedly, frustrating but I was willing to overlook it for the price. A cold shower helped to work me out of my hangover-induced haze anyway.When we asked at the front desk about the water, we were told that since the GG is an old hotel (the oldest in Vegas), the hot water isn't as readily available in the mornings and if you shower in the afternoon, it should be at an acceptable temperature. Rather ridiculous but, again, $19. One other cool thing about our room was that it had windows that opened. And not just a crack - fully open, both windows. That's a rarity in Vegas. All in all, I thought the Golden Gate was a great value. If you're going to gamble at all, I highly recommend signing up for their players club. My wife and I both did and we received $20 and $25 each in free play EVERY DAY FOR A WEEK!!!!! This was incredible news to us, as we had played almost nothing through their machines. We were only downtown for the one night but could have gotten over $300 in free play if we played there every day. This was not well-publicized, however. I only found out about it by accident when my card wouldn't work and I had to go to the player's club desk to get another one. Apparently every player gets a random bonus added to their account. Sweet!	
Apr 13 2009 	Good budget option for Downtown Las Vegas	When online travel sites started promoting killer Vegas deals in March, we decided to take an off-budget, Easter weekend getaway. In prior trips to vegas, we would stay on/near the strip, and decided to give Downtown a try this time (closer to Binion's for pokwer torunaments), and found a $20 per night rate at the Golden Gate - couldn't refuse.The location is ideal for those on a budget, who do not want to rent a car. You can walk to some good gaming, and lots of cheap eats. The hotel diner is open 24/7, and offers some decent specials - all less than $10. In the evening, Fremont Street comes alive with music, demonstrations and lots of people watching. There are typically 2 bands performing, as well as a solo musician, and overhead rock music video light shows every couple of hours. The hotel was originally built in 1906, and bills itself as the oldest hotel in Las Vegas. While the room furnishings are modern and well maintained, the basic hotel has not changes much - small rooms and bathroom. While the rooms were comfortable, we had two major gripes:1. NO HOT WATER in the mornings. We stayed two nights, tried to take showers between 10 and 11 am, and the water was FREEZING COLD. Water was warm enough to take a decent shower in the evening.2. Too noisy. Housekeeping staff were vacuuming the halls between 7 and 8 am, and woke us up; hallway sounds also carry, and we happened to have some very noisy neighbors.For those complaining about the OUTSIDE noise: the last Fremont Street rock video &quot;light show&quot; typically starts at midnight, and is over by 12:15. By that time, the crowds are all but gone, as have most of the street vendors. If you plan to go to sleep before 12:30, look elsewhere.	
Apr 3 2009 	Excellent value fantastic staff.	All good for the price. Bathrooms could use renovation though. New pillow top mattresses, flat screen TV's, etc. The hotel is obviously very dated but that is part of the attraction for some. Valet parking excellent. Would stay again.	
Apr 1 2009 	Nice and charming	I stayed at the Golden Gate from the 27-30 March 2009. My husband and I found a deal on the internet for $19 a night and have in the past loved to gamble at this casino so we decided to stay there. We were in Las Vegas to get married that weekend and knew that we would be playing and running around most of the nights with very little sleep and we did not want to spend high dollar to stay on the strip and basically not spend time in our room sleeping so we decided on this hotel.I was pleasantly surprised. I was not expecting a whole lot out of that hotel since it is really old and not really fancy. However, our room had two queen beds, a LARGE flat pannel tv, a closet and a bathroom. The room was really small for two beds and we didnt need the second bed but it faced out on the street towards the Plaza and was quiet. We did not get the noise from Fremont at all.The walls are pretty thin so we could hear the neighbors in the morning when they would get up and leave, but that really could have been because they were noisy. It seemed like all they did was go in and out of their room over and over.The bathroom was the only disappointing part of the hotel. It was very old and not updated in the least with broken tile behind the toilet and the shower curtain seemed a little dirty at the bottom. Our toilet ran all night until we figured out that we just needed to lift the lid (which was too large for the toilet) and set the plunger straight. However, the shower water pressure was perfect! The toiletries were a nice touch but the towels were scratchy.We had a coffee maker in our room and cable television which we only used to get ourselves relaxed to sleep at night but both were sufficient.Maid service was respectable to our hours and we did not see them come and go.Check in was miserable. It took the young guy over thirty minutes to work with the couple in front of us simply because he was extremely slow! Our buddy checked in the next morning and he had a young girl that was fast. Our checkout was extremely fast and the older woman was very friendly!We ate in the cafe several times and their food was really good. We had a thirty minute wait on Friday night because we had a large party (8 of us) but the rest of the time it was no longer than 5-10 minutes at the most and if you wanted to sit at the counter then you were served immediately!They had another open cafe right in the casino floor and it was a HUGE dissapointment. I would NOT eat there again and their service was TERRIBLE. They had a line that was about thirty people deep one evening and TWO people working and it took us over an hour to get our food. GRRRThe floor waitresses that served the craps table were awesome. Totally on top of the drinks. The pit bosses and dealers were a lot of fun as well.I would totally stay there again. I have stayed at the Ritz Carlton in other big cities for $450 per night and the service was not any better than the Golden Gate although their rooms were really nice. However, I am only bringing that up to let you know that i DO know my hotels and motels. The Golden Gate has a charm all of it's own and if you are looking for luxury this place is not for you. However, if you look at it for it's historical charm and the fact that you won't sleep that much anyway in Las Vegas then it is a perfect choice! Besides, we got a STEAL at $19 per night. I probably would have paid up to $70 per night there but no higher and only because of the bathroom. It really was a nasty one. They need to do something with those as soon as possible.My cousin stayed across from us at the Las Vegas Club in a double queen for $80 per night. Her room was twice as large but the beds were HORRIBLE. I even jumped on one and could get NO spring out of it because she said they were hard as a rock and she was absolutely right. I do not think i could have slept there even drunk without pain. The Golden Gate bed we had was heavenly. Extremely comfortable.Stay at the Golden Gate if you get a chance! Small but charming and great service there with excellent food!	
Mar 25 2009 	Very Good Room - Great Experience	My room was attractive and newly renovated, but I could not book a non-smoking room online. A very nice touch was windows that really opened and a palm tree right outside my 2nd floor window. Only 12 TV stations, but a nice wide screen TV. Of 106 rooms, 12 are 10 by 10 feet square. Avoid these unless you enjoy the monk experience. The other guests were middle class, middle-aged, multi-racial, pleasant and cheerful.The location is ideal for visiting the low-key downtown Fremont St. area. Valet parking is friendly and efficient. I would return here anytime.	
Mar 14 2009 	Golden Gate is great!	I cannot say enough nice things about the staff at the Golden Gate. Helpful, friendly and prompt to the person. The hotel itself is darling. I love how they are owning the historic nature of the property with lots of period touches. The rooms have been re-done in a more contemporary style and they feel plush and cozy, even the little one that I had. The bathrooms have not all been renovated yet; my bathroom still had its original 60's avocado formica, but it was spotless. Rooms are stocked with a coffeemaker, the fixings and neutrogena- a nice upscale touch. The location was great- right at the top of Fremont street. I walked away from my room at the Plaza (which is AWFUL) and booked at the Golden Gate as soon as I saw a room. Again, just impeccable service. You can't beat the promotional rate of $19.06 in commemoration of the hotel opening. I'd pay more. It was a great stay!	
Feb 17 2009 	Pleasant Surprises at Bargain Prices	I must have walked past the Golden Gate a 100 times in my day and never even thought of going inside. I needed a cheap room during President's Day weekend and all my usual comp hotels were booked up. I chose the Golden Gate because they offered the cheapest rate in town for that Sunday night, $19.06($21.16 with tax).I requested a double room online and when I checked in I was given room #302 which is right in front on Fremont St, almost on the corner of Main St. I was pleasantly surprised. The decor was beautiful. Have you ever seen a $19 room newly renovated with beautiful dark hardwood furnishings, pillowtop beds, an LCD TV, and clock radio/alarm with an iPod docking station, Neutrogena bath products, coffee maker, etc? Neither have I. All the room needed was a fridge to be in line with many 4 star hotel rooms I've stayed in. Beds: The pillowtop beds were extra comfy with high TC sheets. I'm 5'11&quot; and 240lbs and they were not too short as another reviewer stated. Other than the noise outside I slept very well.Floor Space: Before I left for Vegas, after what I read here, I told my massage therapist that we would have to wait til the next night at Main Steeet Station for my massage. Wrong. My room had plenty of space for a massage table. In fact, I could have held a cocktail party with 10-12 adults in #302 quite comfortably. There's plenty of room, unlike what has been written here in other reviews.Bathroom: Now here is where we drift off. Most guys wont mind the lack of counter top and shelf space but most females will be highly annoyed. The old fashioned shower worked very well with plenty of water pressure and hot water, almost like an aqua massage. The Neutrogena toiletries were a nice touch too. Plenty of towels furnished in all sizes.Closet: there is a huge walk in closet, very deep with a rack of hangers in the middle. Very strange. I would add to the bathroom space with some of this wasted space.Noise: the room had three windows that open directly onto Fremont Street. This is great unless you actually plan to sleep at some point before 7am. The Fremont Street Experience goes on til midnight, but the drunks stay up til 4am hooting, hollering and screaming. Then about 5am, all the service vehicles start their day; trash trucks, street sweepers and cleaners, delivery trucks, etc. Ear plugs don't help much. It's like being on Bourbon St during Mardi Gras. If you like noise and action, request a room between #301-#310. If not, ask for a quieter room location.Casino: The casino is small with not much to offer. I did enjoy playing Viva Las Vegas video slots with Elvis and Ann Margaret. I won $120 in a bonus round and headed across the street to Las Vegas Club where I was served only too well by beautiful young co ed types. Drink service was dismal at Golden Gate. Also, there's plenty of staff hanging around but they don't seem to do much but block the aisles. Some of my fellow patrons had this down as well.Food: I didn't try any of the cuisine here but the ambiance looked quite nice. Very relaxed with warm hardwood decor.Bottom line: I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again or to recommend Golden Gate to others. The benefits far outweigh any downsides. The location is excellent for a downtown trip.Notes:Parking is valet only directly behind the hotel off Main St.Elevator service is adequate and stairs are an option.Lots of memories in those walls but no ghosts. Sorry. I asked a couple of them for comments but they refused.	
Feb 8 2009 	Good stay @ the Golden Gate!	This was my second stay @ the Golden Gate, my first stay having been in November of 2008. The rooms were renovated last summer &amp; have an art deco look to them. It was clean &amp; everything worked. They are on the small side, but that didn't matter to me since I was traveling by myself. The windows pop open to the outside, which was kind of neat. The mattresses are very comfortable &amp; I slept very well. I was in room 314, above the alley, with Fremont St. to the north. Because of potential noise, I wore earplugs when I slept. I'm glad to say they worked very well, I didn't hear any noise from the alley or other rooms. However, don't stay here if you plan on going to bed before the FSE shows end at midnight, because you'll hear it, earplugs or not. Since I don't got to bed that early, it wasn't an issue for me. The only noise from the alley was an occasional delivery truck, and that was usually in mid-afternoon. Overall, I'd easily stay here again, especially since they give me 5 night comps every quarter! I like gambling in their casino &amp; a little craps &amp; VP action insures that the offers keep on coming.	
Feb 6 2009 	Oh well	This was probably the smallest room that I ever stayed in.I was in Vegas for the superbowl,so who cares?The walls are paper thin,could hear conversations in the next room and hallway.Rooms were clean and nicely decorated.Usually don't spend much time in the room when in vegas,but this weekend I got sick and spent much time there.TV only had a few channels.Gladly my room was facing Main Street so was pretty quiet.Room was a comp so I guess I shouldn't complain.Don't think that I would pay for a room in this hotel,but for free it was great.	
Nov 29 2008 	like being in prison	i recently stayed at golden gate. it was my most miserable stay in vegas ive ever had.first the room was the smallest room ive ever stayed in with the view looking at a wall. no heat in the room,no controlled air condition,construction noise from 6:30am till dark-good luck trying to sleep.only 12 tv channels for those who do like to spend a little time in there room.the shower would go hot to cold to hot for the time in the shower.please dont waste your time or money staying at this hotel. very claustraphobic.will never stay there again or recomend it to anyone.	
Sep 14 2008 	Nice Hotel	Family of five from UK touring Nevada. We stayed one night here and were a bit concerned having read some reviews. I cannot believe complaints of room size - they were enormous. Brilliant location opposite Freemont Street which is noisy until midnight.The rooms were clean and any criticism would be that the corridors need renovating - but we didn't sleep in the corridor! The staff were very helpful and friendly and this was the first we had encountered valet parking.Plenty to do in the area and plenty of places to eat. Prices for everything are a lot cheaper than the other end of the Strip. If we get back to Las Vegas we will stay here again. It isn't five star but we never booked five star and we found this to be very good value for money.	
Aug 26 2008 	I liked it but women may not.	I stayed at the Golden Gate Aug 22-23 2008. My roomrate was cheaper over the phone than the internet, I paid $65 a night.After reading other reviews, I wasn't sure what to expect at the Golden Gate. Some say this place is a dump, others say it is very clean, I found my room to be clean.As advised, I requested a 4th floor room, but was told someone activated the sprinklers a few days earlier so the 2nd floor was closed &amp; were short on rooms. I was given room 306 facing Fremont St.I got a kick out of the view from my room, the windows opened right out to Fremont St., we had a great view of the Thunderdome cage too. Nice if youre in Vegas to have fun all night, but if you plan to do a lot of sleeping, the Fremont Experience is easily seen and heard in this Hotel.The bathroom was just OK, it could have been better, but seemed to bug the girl I was with more than myself, and the air conditioning couldn't keep up until the mornings.On Friday, they had $3 blackjack, but Saturday, the price went up to $5, at least they added bikini table dancers to compensate.I joined the Player's club to get the 99 cent shrimp cocktail, and was able to milk some free cards, dice and calendar just by asking at signup.I ate twice at the Bay City Diner, the food was good, but the prices were kind of high. I do recommend their signature burger with the knife stabbed through it, and the deep fried spaghetti.I will probably stay here again, while the casino floor was nicely remodeled, the bathrooms &amp; air conditioning could use some work.	
Jul 30 2008 	stay somewhere else	I have been visiting the Golden Gate casino for several years, they offered me a 4 night free stay, I read some of the reviews but said what the heck, I'll give it a try. Big mistake! The bathroom was filthy! I asked maid service to clean it...they just picked up a bobby pin and left, no sweep no mop! I was exhausted so I went to sleep. The next morning I opened the drapes and saw the filth everywhere.... the floors, the dresser, the walls!! I immediately packed my things and went to the elevator, where I found a bloody bandage on the floor! I checked out immediately, interestingly the desk person didn't even question my quick exit! Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else!	
Jul 17 2008 	Hotel ok dining = horrid	The hotel? Well, it was okay. Small rooms, but great access to the super cool Fremont street (where the light's show and live music make for wonderful ambience). The Fremont area is much more low-key than the strip, and proivded enjoyable atmosphere and good drink specials ;). However, I must caution one and all about the hotel's &quot;Bay City Diner.&quot; Not only did the bus boy spill water all over me, but the manager told me it was &quot;just water&quot; and that I would not be compensated. Shortly after eating in the restaurant, I got violently sick (food poisoning?). So -- recommend the area of the hotel, but wouldn't stay in an establishment with such poor dining. Watch out!	
Jul 3 2008 	The Best of Classic Las Vegas!	Readers, the Golden Gate is a fun hotel! It is right in the middle of the Fremont Street action, and the staff members are friendly. Here is the summary of my 18-20 June, 2008 visit:The associates at the Front Desk were pleased to check me in early, to Room #402. They were friendly and helpful.I see no particular reason for the $20 bill trick at the Golden Gate. Remember, you try to get something specific, like &quot;View of the pool&quot; or &quot;under the Fremont Street canopy&quot;.The rooms are very small, yes. You must know this before you reserve here. This is vintage Vegas, and very tall/very heavy visitors would not be happy in the room I had. To me, the spartan surroundings are part of the charm.There were two live piano players during my visit: the &quot;Bandit Pianist&quot; (careful when you say that) and an older lady. Both were superb, and the piano provided an Old West atmosphere that you will not see anywhere else.I saw $3 blackjack throughout my visit, any time of day or night. Here's a good way to stretch those funds.The food service was very good. Get your &quot;Club 1906&quot; card in order to buy the classic shrimp cocktail for 99 cents. The Bay City Diner had excellent breakfasts.Parking is on a flat lot, with no shade. Valet is required, so there is a $1-$3 tip needed for each driving trip. The valets will crank your AC, so this worked better than I thought.Room AC and facilities were fine. The AC blanked out the ground noise from the bus stop at the Plaza across the street. if you are a light sleeper, ask for a 4th-floor room.My room rate was $30 per night, from one of the online sites. This was weeknights in June. This price was terrific!Vintage Vegas photos and art are plentiful; you can see action shots of the Rat Pack, Casino(the movie), Pay it Forward(the movie), CSI, and art with a San Francisco theme.I will visit again! Congratulations, GG staff!Readers can ask for more info atDrGPadgett@ms.metrocast.netby entering the subject line &quot;Las Vegas&quot;.Regards,Gene Padgett!Starkville, MSI will return to the Golden Gate.	
Jun 5 2008 	Affordable Downtown Hotel without the frills	Golden Gate Hotel is THE original downtown hotel and casino. Located at the very top of the Freemont Experience , this quaint little hotel has a lot going for it.Firstly its cheap. The rooms are small, but we found the beds comftable and the rooms clean. We have stayed there a few times. The bathrooms are tiny, with little room to move around in, but for the price, you really cant expect too much.Inside the hotel there are two places to eat. The Shrimp Bar and Deli, located near reception, has a variety of sandwiches, soup and other cafeterria style eats. The real attraction here is the 99c Shrimp Cocktail (only 99c to Club 1906 members, the hotel's Rewards Programme, which is free to join, so go on and do it!) The story behind the Cocktail is that in 1959, the Golden Gate introduced the Shrimp Cocktail and it's been voted Best of Las Vegas for years since! Worth the 99c just to say you've tried it!!The other eatery in the hotel is the Bay City Diner, which is located around the back of the casino. We actually missed it the first time around, but are glad we eventually found it. The meals are HUGE and the prices are really reasonable. The place is one of our favourite places to eat downtown...its not fancy, just good food at reasonable prices (and they are open till really late!)This hotel is great for people who wont spend too much time in their rooms (ie, poker players or any hardcore gambler hahaha). We did experience some loud neighbours on our last visit, the walls dont seem to be very thick, so that was a negative. The other negative is the check -in policy they have. You cant check in till some ridiculous time...I think its 12pm, so if you're plane arrives at 7am, you have to wonder the streets! (well, they did allow us to leave our luggage in their store room, but it was just really inconvenient)I think its well-worth the stay if its short.	
Apr 25 2008	paper thinwalls	Unless you want to hear your neighbor going to the bathroom, and love the fact that when you take a shower the water goes from hot (extremely hot) to cold, oh and want to have the lopsided bed with stains, and the lovely view of a brick wall, then this is the place for you. We were there with friends and the rooms were about 9 X 9 including the bathroom. Our rooms were right next to eachother so when i hopped in the shower i heard our friends talking, yes talking, and clearly! so while i was taking a shower i was talking with our friends right next door, i wasnt using the phone either. the best description of this room: prison. The employees were nice, but the place needs some renovation. I would for sure pay extra to stay on the strip if nothing else was available downtown. Oh the picture of the room on Golden Gates website was probably taken in the early 90s, the rooms look no where near that, oh and the airconditioner didnt work either. Seriously do not book at this place.	
Apr 15 2008 	Relaxing and Charming for a small spot	I had read the previous reviews and still decided to stay there. I was completely content with my decision. The place was magnificent. It does not compare to the large Vegas-strip hotels and casinos, but then again, not all Vegas trips needs to be that extravagant. Still, the Golden Gate Hotel and Casino made me feel very at home. The location is just perfect. Close to any other casino or hot spot within the Fremont Downtown experience. The casino itself is wonderful. Great tables to play and at a very low $5 waging. You can't find that. The music and the bar scene are just perfect for those that just want to enjoy a piece of Vegas.If you're into the craziness, then head outside and join the crowds in the boardwalk of Fremont's experience. There's music and plenty of vendors.Back to the Hotel, the rooms are a bit older, but they are well-kept. The elevator is a bit slow, but I always rode it up alone. The bed was comfy and the smell of the room was fine.One big recommendation, go eat at the East bay Diner. The food is the best and they are open 24 hours on Saturday-Sunday.	
Apr 15 2008	Keep Coming Back	I stayed at the Golden Gate for New Years. I have stayed at this hotels countless times. My family has been coming to Vegas for years so we kind of have a relationship with the hotel. I am 23 and have been coming to Vegas for years. Normally 5-6 times a year. The hotel is very small. Staff and check in are super friendly. Normally Geri or Debbie (mother and daughter) are there. They are the nicest people. MAKE SURE YOU ASK FOR A ROOM ON THE 4TH FLOOR. Otherwise you will be in very tiny rooms. Most double rooms have twin beds. You get 2 queen size beds on the 4th floor. Rooms are much bigger then the rooms downstairs. Everything is really old fashioned. This hotel is for people that just need a place to sleep. If you plan on lounging in your room, stay somewhere else! You do get a coffee maker and a there is a small t.v. in the room (not many channels). There is no pool. This is just a hotel. They are really good at comping rooms. They have gone with the player cards now. I was able to get comped a 2 night stay and I really didn't play that much. Slots are very tight! People do better on the tables. Cocktail service is not very good if your playing slots. Most waitress stay by the tables. Casino is really small, but some how its takes 15 min to get a drink. They have 2 places to eat: Bay City Diner and the snack bar. Food is very bland, but prices are cheap. They offer good specials late at night and early morning. Breakfast is the best pick. I visit Vegas very often and have stayed at many hotels. Please feel free to contact me with any questions.	
Apr 6 2008 	Loved Down Town	We stayed in The Golden Gate for our 9 day vacation in Las Vegas and were delighted with our choice. The staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms although basic met our needs adaquately. We loved the 'Diner' the food and staff were excellent especially Donna who served the drinks. She was always in great humor and ready to have a bit of banter. We loved the Downtown area of Vegas and were so happy that we were not staying in the ' rush hour' traffic of people we noticed every time we visited the strip.	
Jan 5 2008 	Rooms need to be remodeled	We stayed at the Golden Gate on December 30 and 31. The staff were all very nice and helpful. The rooms need some remodeling as they are very outdated. The bed was very uncomfortable and needs to be replaced. The rooms do have a coffee maker in them and you get a newpaper under your door in the morning which was nice. It was also nice that the hotel was small so you could run up to your room quite often to get something or bring something up without walking a mile. I did very well at the casino at the Golden Gate. I do not think I would stay there again but will definitely play there again.	
Dec 31 2007 	How can they allow people to stay here?	The title says it all. How can they expect anyone to stay here? I'm far from picky and willing to put up with most hotels, but this is absolutely disgusting--no exaggeration. After a rough 4 hour flight, I was excited to get into my room and relax. I walk in and first notice the odor. It smelled like a public bathroom with a million airfreshners trying to cover it. Then, the stained carpets and cigarette burned floors (even though i requested non smoking). I thought, okay, I won't hardly even be in here that much, i can deal with this. I open the window to an excellent view of a brick wall. Yes, a brick wall. The room was so small, i couldn't imagine more than one person staying there..as was the bathroom. At that point I had enough and rebooked a hotel on the strip. This place is disgusting and I don't care how cheap it is, it's not worth it in such an old, cramped, smelly, depressing place. Do not stay here.	
Nov 15 2007	This place is truly haunted and have a photo to prove it!	This hote is awesome--it is the oldest hotel in Vegas and has a lot of character/history. We could just feel the history there and decided to start snapping some pictures of the hallway on our way to our room. My friend was hoping to catch a picture of and orb but we got better than that--we have an actual picture of a ghost. We took this picture to a psychic and she said that it is a picture of a man who was an entertainer in the 1970's. We do not know his name but the picture is evident. If you are into paranormal activity, then this is the place! Right after we went to bed I was restless which is unusual for me being so tired. Normally I would be asleep because the bed was comfortable and I was tired, but there it was--I felt, heard and saw a shadowy figure walk right down the hallway of our room and right over to our beds! I heard footsteps and felt the vibrations of a person walking right by me as well as seeing it move in the dark. It was an amazing experience and I WAS a skeptic but not anymore after that! I was paralyzed and couldn't move I was so stunned by it! I can tell you that I would love to spend another night there and the ghost seemed non-threatening. I don't think it would harm anyone--it did not seem violent at all. If you are into this kind of thing then you will want to stay here!	
Sep 19 2007 	HORRID EXPERIENCE Stay anywhere else Worse Vegas Stay Ever	It is funny how I usually live by the TripAdvisor reviews but I somehow forgot to review the Golden Gate before I booked my stay. It all happened out of desperation, 1 month prior, I was attempting to book a room at the Golden Nugget, Fitz or Plaza and all were full that weekend because the Wisconsin Badgers were playing UNLV ( I found this out later of course uggggggggh). I thought of the Golden Gate since I had played $3 black jack there and done well. Well that was the ONLY positive experience that I had at the Golden Gate. Room was extremely small, industrial prison cell style toilet and bath to match. Bed was warped and tiny and the furnishings and carpet dated back to its origination of 1906 I believe. GROSS........... BUT the piece de resistance was being right at the Fremont Street Experience with some sort of music blaring 24/7, not playing, blaring. And of course the drunk fool that screamed &quot;Air Ball&quot; for 2 hours was also quite special. No I dont go to Vegas to sleep but I do like to rest from 4am to 9am and that was not even possible. Asked to switch to a different room but of course, The Badgers were in town and none available. Do yourself a favor dont stay at the Golden Gate. as another review said, &quot;a tent would be better&quot;. (Also the tall pimply faced Security guard needs some serious attitude adjustment) BUYER BEWARE	
Aug 22 2007 	Best Gamblin in Vegas!!!	I read all the reviews before we went, so I must admit I was expecting a nasty distgusting hotel. Though the hotel is &quot;aged&quot; it was not as bad as they say. The rooms have all older furniture etc, but hey - it was only $70 bucks a night. The air was a bit hotter in the room than I would have liked at first - but once I got settled it was quite cool. It is a great casino below - in fact I usually find myself at the Binions when staying at Fremont Street, but spent most of time and all of our gambling $$ at Golden Gate...A+ A+.	
Jul 5 2007 	Great Gaming	First off I did not stay at the Golden Gate. I did spend the night there, but sleeping was not involved. The Golden Gate was the most fun I've ever had gaming in Vegas. My wife and I grew really tired of$10 minimum tables everywhere we went so we landed on Freemont Streetour last night. The Golden Gate had $3 blackjck and $5 craps. We grabbed chairs and settled in for the night. The dealers were fantastic. They were mostly, if not all, Asian. The ones that spoke decent English were really polite and funny. The cocktail waitresses were amazing!!! My drink was never empty. They made a pretty penny off my wife and I from tips. They knew what we were drinking and justkept bringing it.I never stayed in the hotel, so I am unaware of any issues above the casino floor, but on the casino floor things were great. I highly recommend that you make a trip to Freemont Street and definately game at the Golden Gate.	
May 29 2007	Worst Hotel Ever! Do Not Stay!!!	WORST HOTEL EVER.they don't even have queen bed, went with my family asked for two queen bed but gave us two twin bed, itchy bed, feels old, ugly bathroom, everytime i get inside the hotel i get scratches on my body, carpet feel nasty didn't even want to take off my shoes, so i had it on the whole time. gave us the wrong tv remotes.	
May 22 2007 	A piece of history	Come on people, if you are looking for over the top, glitz and glamour go stay on the strip with the hoards. Fremont St. is NOT for you. If you are looking for a more nostalgic feel of Vegas then you are in the right place. The Golden Gate is an old hotel, rooms are very small but hey how much time are you going to spend in the room anyway? It's cheap and it worked as a place to crash. You can wander under the lights of the Fremont St. Experience right outside the door...grab some drinks and a $5.99 breakfast anytime! It was really different than staying on the strip but enjoyable.	
Apr 24 2007 	IN ONE WORD..TRUST? Watch out for those that stealno hot water small rooms	I booked a room for a 2 as I came to Las Vegas to see my 80 year old mother. She was looking forward to the trip and many visits from her family, as we all were meeting in Vegas. Rooms were hard to find at that time and the costs were very high. Not knowing, I booked this hotel. The view from the window was the roof top, loud sounds from the street all night and light show made the room bright, no hot water for late eveing baths, light bulbs burned out, very small room, old chairs with table, needed a good cleaning and some paint work in this room. I put the &quot;do not disturb sign&quot; on our door for the whole two days we were there. We were always in and out. I do not like the maids entering my room when I am not aware. Yet still a &quot;Ipod &quot;was taken out of the room that was sitting on top of a suitcase. I rememner seeing the Maid's cart out side my room on that floor. You put two and two together...I can't prove it, but I will never stay there again! Even the halls smelt musty, moldy and just aged maybe. Someone needs to take some of that money coming in from &quot;downstaires&quot; and put it to use to inprove their upstaires old or not. It could be a lovley place with old charm and history if someone care enough to clean it up alittle. Cafe was open ,food not to die for, good patty melt. Don't forget you must allow time, don't be in a hurry! They aren't.	
Apr 1 2007 	Living History	We chose this hotel as it was the oldest. The room was small but the hotel had great atmosphere. The location is great for the Freemont Street Experience ...we overlooked the roof!!!! ..but having said that it was not as noisy as expected the noisiest thing being the air conditioning which we turned off just before going to bed. The spanish omlette we had for breakfast was the best I have had so far. If hotel food is not for you then McDonalds is across the road but the food was good! The Freemont Street Experience was exactly that!!!! Brilliant and what a party on St Patrick's Day no trouble just great fun.	
Mar 31 2007 	I didn't Lodger their but the Food is great	We have always stayed on the Strip, but want to consider statying Downtown on our next visit. We feel the table limits are lower downtown, and we seem to win more. We had a great dining experience at the Golden Gate, the shrimp cocktails are huge for the price, We only waited a few minutes to get into the restraunt, but the casino provided us drinks while in line. The waiter was excellent, funny and accomodating, and the Prime Rib was fantastic.	
Jan 8 2007 	Need a Tent	I would have been better off in a tent.....Our room was too small..The bath room in our roon DID NOT HAVE A TUB IN IT JUST A SHOWER WITH A CONCRETE FLOOR..The county Jail has a better shower in it.. The beds were made for a 5 foot kid. Iam 5 foot 11 and my feet hung way over the end... I can't think of one reason to stay there...	
Jan 8 2007 	Terrible is an overrating	NEVER NEVER stay here, You will be so sorry you did. If they gave me a free room I would turn it down. I have stayed at the Gold Spike, Las vegas club, four queens, Golden nugget in downtown vegas as well as hundreds of others in different cities and countries this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. The beds made for small children. The Air did not work in the evening so the rooms average tempature was about 120 degrees. The hotel was so bad we booked another hotel. Of course we could not get a refund. The casino was ok and the shimp cocktail was good, but you don't have to stay there to get these items. I have videos and will try to update with some photos, they tell the whole story.	
Nov 13 2006 	Could have done better	We wanted to stay downtown and have stayed at some of the other properties and thought we would give the Golden Gate a try. Not only to they promote themselves as the smallest casino/hotel in Vegas but they have been around for 100 years. The history of the hotel was a good reason for me to check it out.I had read some reviews here at Trip Advisor prior to our stay but they varied so greatly from one to the next which made it hard to decide.The hotel itself on the outside looks clean and nice, there are nice frosted glass doors with brass and wood trim. The windows have little flower boxes outside of them - very inviting.The inside, casino and hotel check in is very old fashioned looking. They have some old slot machines on display, the wood walls, etcl all looks very nice and reminds you of what it must have been like years ago.The room was very small like a lot of the other reviews have mentioned, they use older looking fixtures in the room, the doors are all wood and the one to the closet is really small. The bathroom door hits the toilet when you open the door, very cramped and small. If you have ever been in a standard stateroom on a cruise ship it is a lot like that but not as clean.The staff is very friendly and security often patrols the hallways of the hotel. The building is only 4 stories with the first story being the casino and diner. There are 106 rooms total.We stayed in room 121. We apparently were right above the maintenance department as we could hear the roll up door at all hours. It was noisy, the windows were drafty, we faced an alley and at 10 PM on a Saturday the garbage truck came and dumped the dumpsters, it was so loud. We also had the soda vending machine next to our wall and heard it every 15 minutes or so hum in intervals. The vending machine stopped taking money at one point so I went to the other floors and not one vending machine was working. We informed the front desk but the situation was never fixed. Also if you are traveling with small children you may want to reconsider - the windows open completely and there are no screens. The bed spreads felt nasty like they had dirt or film of some sort substance on them. Underneath the night stand I could see trash, not sure what it was but I wasn't going to stick my hand under there. You could see dirt on the walls that I felt should have been cleaned each time. The grout in the bathroom was dingy and you could see the sloppy repairs they had made to the wall when they had a plumbing leak. The toilet reminded me of a public restroom toilet, had the kick lever to flush. The plug outlet in the bathroom is only one outlet with the other being the light switch. The outlet is mounted upside down so if you have a hair dryer or razor that has the bulkier plug you can't plug it in, your only other plug is under the dresser on a power strip.The old place has a lot of history and I think that if they would take the time to remodel the rooms like they did downstairs in the diner and casino they would be a great gem in downtown.	
Nov 4 2006 	Vintage Vegas	First off you have to stop and look at what the hotel is. Vintage, historic and original. Yes, it is old and that is part of the charm. We just returned from Vegas and a stay at the Golden Gate. We found the hotel to be very clean. The rooms are small, but very clean. The bathroom is small and room for two, if you like the person you are with. The decore is as it was years ago. If you are interested in the past, this is where you need to stay. When this hotel was built, it was the top of the line. This is one of the few places that does not feel the need to keep up with the Wynns and Boyds. If you are looking for history, walk around and look at the photos on the walls and the old slot machines in the back corners. The service was excellent, the registration desk, house keeping, dealers, cocktails waitresses. All were pleasant and always had a smile and kind word. I have never stayed at another Vegas hotel and recieved a morning paper at my door. Never had so many staff memebers asking if we were enjoying our stay and if there was anything that they could do for us. If your hungry, you do not have to go far. The Bay City Diner is a great little hole in the wall. The food is great and the prices are even better. The Shrimp cocktail for $.99 is a great snack or mini meal at the deli. They also have great sanwiches which are more than filling. Will I stay here again? YES! Will I recomend it to friends? Only the ones that can appreciate the history	
Jun 19 2006	I loved this hotel. The piano playing casino and shrimp were great.	I would rather stay on Fredmont St. than on the strip. I loved the history behind this hotel. Yes, the rooms were small, but I only slept a couple of hours. If you are staying in Vegas who wants to stay in a hotel room for very long anyway.	
Jun 11 2006	I dont rate the Golden Gate	This is without question the worst accommodation I have ever stayed in. I booked this thinking there would be some old world charm, I could not have been more wrong. This place needs a visit from the health inspectors and the Fire Marshals. My room had dodgy electrics, The sink was so old that there was hardly any enamel left on it. The windows wouldn't close properly and the furnishings were not only tired - they were exhausted.I took the stairs down to reception one day and the sprinkler system had at least 3 inches of dust on it.Strangely, given what I have said above, I did eat in the hotel and it was pretty good. The shrimp cocktail was superb and I took the view that they sold so much of it, it had to be fresh and it was prepared in front of you so I wasn't too worried about how clean the kitchens were. The hotel is in a superb location at the head of Freemont Street, but I am afraid they are living on past glories.Time for a major refurbishment. For the moment avoid it like the plague - unless you want a shrimp cocktail	
Apr 23 2006	Nice place and the Shrimp is amazing	This was our second stay at the Golden Gate Hotel, our first was back in 2000. We enjoyed our stay and loved the 99 cent shrimpThe rooms are small and very simple but nice . The hotel is located on the &quot;Freemont Street Experience&quot; with very easy access to other casinos and the Gitter Gutch strip bar. It is a very clean and nice hotel and the staff were great.If you are going to Vegas but do not want to pay the big bucks to stay at a hotel but be close to everything this is a good place.	
Mar 14 2006	Old But Very Clean	I read some of the reviews before taking my trip, I booked my room via Expedia, all I can say is that my 7 night was excellent value for money! My room was not modern but it was VERY clean.	
Feb 2 2006	The casino is the draw	The casino is small and smokey but a historic Vegas gem, especially with the vintage slots on display. Diner is an excellent deal at lunch, and the 99 cent shrimp cocktail at the deli counter in back is a Vegas staple.The hotel is old, the rooms are small and non-standard and you get a fair amount of hallway noise, so not for light sleepers. On the Fremont street side, the light show goes until midnight, so there will be music playing right outside your room. All that said, I found it to be a clean and decent place, although usually I can get a better deal on a larger room elsewhere downtown.	
Jan 31 2006	Te worst hotel we've ever stayed in!!!	We had reservations for 2 days at this hotel, but didn't stay out the 2 days due to problems. The condition was terrible. Granted this is an old hotel, but the hallway smelled old, our room I'm sure was a broom closet once,very small, only 1 nite stand. The tiny little soap packets were the size of a quarter in packages from Australia. One adult, not alone 2 could not wash with this small soap, so more were brought up, but they were unbelievable. The coffee maker overflowed coffee all over the dresser and it would not shut off. Our floor, on the 4th floor was on the street side and we never slept all nite due to the noise of 24-hour Vegas, and sirens running up and down the street all nite. We checked out early, asking for our money back for the 2nd day, we we did receive. She never apologized, never asked to move us(which we would never have done) This is unacceptable, if you're going to run an &quot;old&quot; hotel, then it should be up to better conditions that are in that hotel.	
Jan 30 2006 	Terrible?!	The word TERRIBLE doesn't even begin to describe what I walked into! I travel to Las Vegas frequently on business and stay a your average hotel. However, since I was staying two extra days for personal time I had to stay some place different. Actually a friend set up the hotel arrangements. She arrived a night before I did and ended up changing rooms the next morning because the window in the room they gave her was right above the bus depot. Although the next room wasn't much better. In an old hotel you expect a little run down, a little noise but WOW! I ended up taking photos of the room. When I entered the room I had a greasy substance on my hand after I touched the door. This should have been the 'sign'! I don't think the room has ever been dusted or even swept. On several of the walls there were stains that I don't even want to know what it was. The bathroom floor actually had tiles that came up with your feet if you stepped on them. I couldn't get out of there fast enough.	
Jan 23 2006	Lives up to the title of "oldest hotel in Vegas"...	As graduation presents to ourselves, my boyfriend and I decided to visit Vegas for New Year's. Unfortunately, by the time we booked our hotel, the Golden Gate was all that was available, but we learned our lesson and will not be staying there ever again... Our room was very small and the bathroom was so tiny the door hit the toilet when you tried to walk into the restroom. Also, since the hotel is so old, it is very loud in the rooms and housekeeping begins their rounds about 8am (too early for me!). In addition, there was a gap beneath the main door that was about 2 inches wide, meaning everything people said in the hallway was audible in our room. To top it off, the last day we were there (Jan.2), there was no hot water in our room. When we called the front desk, we were told they had &quot;simply run out of hot water&quot; but they weren't sure when it would be fixed. We checked out immediately following this and stayed one night at Green Valley Ranch, which I would highly recommend to anyone travelling to Vegas. Take our advice- Although the Golden Gate is temptingly cheap, pay a little more and avoid the place at all costs!	
Jan 8 2006 	This dump was so bad that I checked out right away...	I booked this hotel for CES 2006 as other hotels were not available at the time of booking. What a mistake! This hotel should be condemned. The room was absolutely filthy. It was like a bad dream. The only other downtown hotel I have stayed at before was the Golden Nugget. This was no nugget. After apologizing to my wife, I proceeded to telephone other hotels for room availability. Fortunately the Excalibur had rooms available. I checked out immediately and cut my losses. My advice, stay Away	
Nov 29 2005	Do not go here if you are in a wheelchair	Our hotel room was a good deal for the money - especially for people traveling on a budget. The rooms, while very small, are clean and adequate, however there were NO fridges, no microwaves, and you had to put down a deposit to borrow a hairdryer or iron. Staff was courteous but not overly friendly. The biggest caveat here is accessibility for handicapped guests. If you are in a wheelchair as my spouse was, this is not the place for you. Putting a grab bar in the tub does not make a room handicapped accessible when you can't wheel to the tub because the toilet is in the way! Once out of the room however, Fremont Street is great! Closed to vehicles, this is a great place to spend a few days. We visited the strip but far preferred Fremont Street Experience and look forward to our next trip (to be spent in a different hotel).	
Nov 7 2005	Great for travellers but not tourists	If you relish unique travel experiences (ie a real traveller) then you will love the Golden Gate. If on the other hand you are just a tourist who wants to pay peanuts but expects the Bellagio then don't bother. For us, jaded by the sameness of four and five star hotels (in which we are indeed fortunate to stay much of the time on business) the Golden Gate was a little gem. It was like going back in time to the old original Vegas, real Western style culture, a genuine experience, not manufactured or phoney. The rooms were spotless and plenty big for the price. The food was cheap and I had the best Reuben sandwich in memory, the shrimp cocktails were awesome, chock-full-of fresh shrimp and only 99 cents. The Fremont scene is a nice alternative to the frenzy of the strip, after a long day of luxury resorts and outlet shopping we were happy to come home to the relative tranquility of the Golden Gate.	
Nov 3 2005	i liked it	yeah the rooms very small, the beds arent the greatest and the rooms arent the cleanest in vegas. but i disagree with the reviews of the staff. i play craps and am not too good but the dealers were as helpful and friendly as anywhere in vegas. our room had a view of the rooftop which was not a great view but the room was reasonable the check in staff friendly and very good security. vegas how it used to be before it became a town accomadating kids. we saw NO children in this establishment. another plus it is not owned by harrahs.	
Nov 3 2005	Great Little Downtown Gem	This is not a 4-star hotel, but we had a 4-star stay there. This is an old-school, downtown casino with small, not fancy rooms. The room was very clean. It was a great place to experience Fremont street for a great price. If you are expecting a luxuroius experience and want someone to clip your toenails for you in a 800 sq ft room, the Golden Gate isn't for you. But if you want a nice clean place to sleep with a friendly casino and lots of charm - you can't go wrong.The shrimp cocktails in the casino are great and it's wonderful entertainment to sit there and watch the piano player while you eat them. The gambling is good here, too.	
Nov 2 2005	loud and old	This place was a lot worse as I thought after reading through the reviews here. It was old and run down - our room in the first floor was so louf, that we couldn´t sleep. We heard the bar and the casino the whole night. At check in, they told us that there are not enough non smoking rooms, so we have to take a smoking one - it was 4:00 pm??!!Downtown is not the place for people that like to see Las Vegas, it is for senior citizens that like to gamble and be away from the busy strip. And this is the target group for this hotel.	
Oct 11 2005	Love nostolgic	enjoyed our stay and was surprised by the quaint casino and diner. Excellent omelets for breakfest and very reasonable. The rooms small and very simple but cozy . Out side the doors you walk on to the &quot;Freemont Experience&quot; very easy to other casinos on the strip and the sights are all open under the canopy. Very clean and nice and everyone out there was enjoying and having fun . This is a nice casino (Golden Gate) and I do look forward to going back just to enjoy the sights away from the main strip.	
Jun 23 2005	What a disappointment!	I have never stayed at this hotel, nor would I consider it, but I did have fond memories of their casino, so was really looking forward to getting back there during our recent trip. However, this place has gone way downhill! The dealers were unfriendly and the pit boss was a jerk. We never saw a cocktail waitress at our Black Jack table, even though we asked more than once for service. And the line for the shrimp cocktail moved so slow you had to ask yourself, is this really worth it? We will never go back!	
May 22 2005	Decent for 1st time to Vegas...but read on...	Just spent my first week in Vegas and all I can say is...WOW!!!! But this is about the hotel so here's my reveiw. First off, this is what I did.... do your research before staying in Vegas. If you're &quot;rich&quot; or can afford to stay in a fancy hotel, or are really picky about having a big room, or being right on the Strip... well, this hotel is not for you. The room was fine--small, about the size of a budget inn hotel. Water pressure really good!!! (That's important to me when I'm taking a shower!) The only thing I didn't like is that the rooms don't have mini refrigerators in them. I would have liked to have some cold drinks on hot days. (The soda machine is down the hall, and it only cost a dollar.)  Very casual place... gambling was fun downstairs, and is perfect for the first-timer gambler (like myself!). Don't miss the famous 99 cent shrimp cocktails at the deli...great deal...the other food I would give 3 out of 5, and prices were average... You get MUCH better deals at the buffet at the hotels on the strip. I wish they had more employee help behind the counter at times... you can sometimes wait a LONG time just for a shrimp cocktail. I think the parking can be improved too.... it's a small lot next to the hotel, and it's supposed to be free...BUT they have &quot;valet&quot; service for insurance purposes. So even if you see your car right in front of you, you have to hand over your ticket and have the guy drive it for you and then tip him a dollar, which I thought was stupid. HOWEVER...a dollar for parking is perfectly fine on Fremont street....(**on the Strip, ALL HOTELS HAVE FREE SELF-PARKING) The location is average... you're right on the Fremont Street experience which is loads of fun and something to experience....but it is NOT within walking distance of the Strip. And you don't want to wander off Fremont Street because the surroundings have a bad reputation and is dangerous. My recommendations: A family vacation--don't stay here....look into the Strip, or the Rio or Palms hotel. It is perfectly fine for a first-timer couple who is still iffy on spending alot on a room.... I HIGHLY RECOMMEND renting a car, it was a really good decision!!! (I used my BJs wholesale club and got a discount on an Avis car rental) I didn't have to worry about taking a bus or cab every day to the strip...AND...we got to drive to Lake Mead and Hoover Dam.... forget about the bus and helicopter tours... drive there yourself! Las Vegas was awesome!!! I will go back next year, but I won't be staying at the Golden Gate. It was perfectly fine for the first-timer, but next year I'll consider something on the Strip itself.  Hope my review was helpful, and have lots of luck in Vegas!	
May 14 2005	Great place to gamble	Well...let me just say, I always stay at the Golden Nugget and would never consider staying at the Golden Gate....BUT, when I'm in Vegas I tend to spend most of my time gambling at the Golden Gate. First of all, I usually play Blackjack and Let It Ride...and I'm not willing to spend $10 to $25 a hand. You can play 8 hours straight here and not lose much, plus the drinks are awesome. The tables can get boisterous and fun. It's a VERY small casino and the dealers aren't very helpful and some don't speak English very well, so in my opinion, you have to know what you're doing in order to play. They don't offer breakfast anymore, but their deli has great food and low prices....	
Apr 17 2005	Absoulte crap!	This is by far the most terrible hotel in Las Vegas (No offence), unless your old. The rooms are the smallest rooms I have ever seen. It is like being in a closet. There is no real ammenities. There were COCKROACHES in our room the first night so they put us in another room. There was constant noise from the street of all the &quot;WEIRDOS&quot;, and crap going on on Fremont street. I heard so many sirens going by almost every hour I felt like I was on a bad episode of cops. They only have a total of around 7 table games at the most. The worst of all was the SMELL. Up and down the halls smelt like expired food. The bathrooms are so small as well. I know its old and all, but my GOD TWIN BEDS, ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I would never come here again........at least until I'm 60! Yuck!	
Mar 28 2005	drunk broke down our door	The bed was CRAP, very hard to sleep in them, stay away from room 336, the bed away from the window is bad. Some drunk broke our door open at 3:30AM, we found him laying in our room with a beer after breaking the door open. Strip club across the hotel is bad, they want WAY too much money for lap dance!! 	
Mar 22 2005	Nice sleep...though I question it's "handicapped friendly"		
Nov 23 2004	Way too noisy		
Oct 20 2004	Look Hard for an Alternate		
Sep 16 2004	SPOOKY AND BORING		
Sep 14 2004	What a dive!		
Jan 13 2004	Reasonably price for reasonable accomidations.		
Jan 5 2004	Not really impressed...		
Dec 30 2003	Pleasant Vegas surprise		
Oct 10 2003	Wonderful place to hangout		
Feb 10 2003	Best Bang For My Buck		
Jun 22 2009 	??????????		
Aug 10 2008 	Casino und Flair sind schön aber die Zimmer - nein danke!		
