	Old hotel remodeled rooms	Travelers: two 30 something adults, no kids, high-middle class income, meeting parents over Turkey Day weekend. Not big drinkers, avid gamblers and Vegas regulars (kind of goes hand in hand), foodies and we can take or leave going to a show. Seen all the sites so we primarily come to gamble. Low rollers $10-$25 a hand, depending on what we play. Hotel preferences: Rarely in hotel room, only used for shower and sleeping. Our only requirement is a comfortable bed and clean bathroom. Anything else is a bonus.Hotel Room: Monaco Tower, 4927, king bed. Bed was comfortable and pillows had some support. It won't remind you of home but a solid nights sleep is easily achievable. Room I'd guess is 300 sq ft. Dark brown decor and white sheets. Flat screen tv, 26-32 inches, somewhere around that size. Three dresser drawer, two night stands, desk and an arm chair with foot rest. Safe (I think you have to pay for it) in night stand. View of the the Hilton and parking deck behind the hotel. Con: walls seemed to be thin or one of our neighbors was deaf. Wed night we could hear one of our neighbors Tv's like it was in our room. Only happened one night though, so maybe they just had the volume maxed. The Monaco Towers are the most recently renovated towers but they are the furthest away from the casino as well. They are located in the back past the pool by the parking deck. Elevators: never waited more than 1 min for an elevator. It wasn't really busy though. They're elevators were quick, so I do not think there is a long wait even during peak season.Bathroom: clean shower and toilet, about 30-40 sq ft. Bath and body works lotion, conditioner, shampoo and soap. One sink and a blow dryer. House keeping: Room cleaned and towels and toiletries replenished daily. House keeping checked my room key in the door when I came by one day while they were cleaning my room. I know they should anyway, but I like that they were checking. Casino: Old and smokey. Pretty slow. $5 tables most of the time. $10 on Thanksgiving and on Fri/Sat night. Dealers displayed more personality across the street at slots-o-fun and circus circus. Ask for Prez, it will be worth loosing your money to listen to him for a couple of hours. If they say he's dead, check back, since they always think he's dead (unless he really is this time, he's pretty old). Parking: Parents had a rental car. Plenty of parking. Highest we had to go was the third level to find a spot. If you have a car the Monaco Towers are very close to the deck, like across the rear hotel drop off area.Restaurant: Kady's, ate here twice. Meals run around $8 for sandwiches and $15 for entrees. Food was decent but not great. It will get you by, but I wouldn't really recommend it. On par with with an I-Hop, but with diner food.If you have a car I highly recommend Ellis Island off Koval st. Best deal near the strip for quality and price.	
	Poor location rude staff and even worse casino personel.	The location is a bit far north of the main action on the strip, and still a long bus ride to Fremont Street. The room was small and below average. The staff are rude, and the casino staff even worse. Find a better place to stay.	
Nov 23 2009 	A great value	We stayed in the Monoco Tower. The room was large and very clean and comfortable. On a par with several other hotel/casinos I have stayed at for business up and down the strip. The Riviera was HALF the price, even with good discounts at the other places (the company I worked for bought a block of 300-plus rooms). Bathroom perhaps a bit smaller than the typical, but still very functional. Food: Two great buys at the hotel. 1.) The best food buy on the strip is breakfast in the food court. A 3-egg omelet, 3 strips of bacon, hash brown triangle, toast AND orange juice or coffee for $5.50. Served until 11 a.m. 2.) Go to Katy's and order one of the &quot;deli-style&quot; sandwiches for around $9. Deli-style means it going to be about 5 inches high. Split it between 2 people and you're eating for about $6 each, including 2 drinks, and it's plenty of food.Ambiance: Only downer for us was that the pool is outside only and was closed. If you're looking for the latest high-intensity, ultra-vibrant, &quot;happening&quot; place then the Riviera probably isn't for you. If you want a very nice room on the strip at a very sane price, I don't think you can beat it. Our room was in Monaco Tower and had a small refrigerator. No electric &quot;surcharge&quot; with our prepay arrangements. We only used our cell phone. Staff was helpful and friendly. You may wait in line to register--but you do that everywhere on the strip unless you're a VIP of some sort with a lot of cash to waste. Once again, we found the Riv to be a great value!	
Nov 21 2009 	We're going back again next year!!!	We have just come back from Las Vegas after our second trip after staying at Circus Circus in August 2008 - we fell in love with the city and will probably go back again next year too - Anyway back to this review:We booked this trip as flights and accommodation seperately as we found this hotel on i4vegas.com and paid only $229 for the entire week! I was a little worried before we went as I had read some reviews that were less than pleasant regarding the accommodation in this hotel. When we arrived we checked in within 15 minutes, the desk staff are helpful as you are directed to use the automated check in machines. We were in the San Remo tower which is one of the old rooms that have not been remodelled but for the price we were paying we didn't really mind! The room was quite old but it was very clean, we both smoke so having a room that has a slight stale smoke odour was to be expected. We had 2 queen sized beds which were ok, we had a huge bed in Circus Circus the previous year so it was a little disappointing but there was plenty of room for us to share 1 of the beds without kicking each other out during the night! The atmosphere in the hotel is very quiet, definitely not rowdy and there weren't endless streams of children milling around the place which I find bizarre - in Circus Circus its hard not to judge parents who leave their kids hanging around at the edge of the casino floor so they can sit on slot machines till 2am..........seriously we saw babies in prams with older siblings rocking them while shouting over to their parents &quot;how much have you won?&quot;....Back to the Riviera - we ate at the Worlds Fare Buffet once, it was ok - its inexpensive but quite basic, and unlike alot of the all you can eat places your drinks are served by a waitress so you are stung with having to tip - best advice would be to go to Circus Circus across the road for breakfast and if you intend on staying around that bit of the strip for the day buy the all you can eat all day pass for $20 - it runs from 7am to 10pm so you can have 3 meals very cheaply but you have to buy it at breakfast time. The buffet at Circus Circus is good, loads of choice, nice food and well organised. Failing that you can get a subway breakfast at Slots a Fun next door or McDonalds that is just next to that (easy walking distance) There is also a Dennys across the road but we did find that to be a bit on the steep side (we like value for money!) Kady's at the Riviera is lovely, I had a blueberry stack of pancakes for breakfast and it was HUGE - 4 massive pancakes with butter and syrup plus you get the free refill on the coffee.There is a deuce bus stop right outside the Riviera for either getting off on the way back from the South Strip or getting on to go to Downtown. If you are thinking of going for a week or more and using the bus a lot I would recommend buying the 30 day ticket for $55 as a 3 day pass is £15 and you'll probably end up needed to buy more tickets if you are enjoying the freedom of the public transport - the ticket is valid on all buses, we went to a Walmart at Charleston using the deuce then a connection on another bus - it was really easy and you can go to the outlets on public transport - the drivers are really helpful and will tell you when to get off and where to get your next bus.Have a look at what trips or shows you want to see and wait until you get there to book as you can find loads of half price ticket places - generally they book about 24 hours in advance so you may have to wait if you have a particular day in mind. If you get chance, eat at the Caravan Cafe in Luxor - we had lunch there and it was lovely, very good food and quite reasonable.The waitress service in the Riviera casino is very good, we didn't really have to wait long for a drink when we were gaming and generally we were tipping between $1-2 for 2 whiskey and cokes!!Public bathrooms at the Riviera are very clean as is the whole hotel in general, there are some good shops and a number of different places to eat. A good bit of advice - join ALL the hotel players clubs, you get freebies like hotel playing cards and free casino play but also some give out funbooks that have discount vouchers, we used one of these vouchers for the Paris Eiffel Tower Ride - it cost us $10 to go to the top and we'd waited till after dark and filmed the Bellagio fountains from the top - its a wonderful site and you can get some fantastic photos of the strip - there was a bit of a wait though, probably took about 40 mins for us to get on the elevator to go up to the top.If you want a glitzy Vegas holiday with nightclubs and shopping you'd be better of staying further down the strip - and paying the price too! If, however you want to have value for money, a good strip location hotel and aren't expecting 5* accommodation then the Riviera is a good place to stay. Next time we intend on staying Downtown just for a change as the Freemont Experience is fabulous, not just the show but the atmosphere up there and having the roof type structure between the hotels gives a really nice environment - we sat outside the Golden Nugget having coffee and watching the world go by and it was bliss!I would definitely recommend finding your hotel accommodation on sites like i4vegas and ringing the hotel directly to find out if they will match the price. We were told it was $140 a night for the Riviera and paid an average of $25 (before tax)!!	
Nov 21 2009 	great value	Stayed for three nights at this hotel, rooms are very spacious, bed extremely comfortable. Great value. Pool is big and plenty of sun beds but no sun in the afternoon. But who wants to sunbathe in Las Vegas!!! So much to do and see, no one will get bored. We wanted more time but had to move on. Must dosTravel on THe Deuce $7 for a 24 hour ticket, and bus conductors are very very helpful brilliant service. The Helicopter trip over the Grand Canyon is amazing. Don't be scared I hate heights and was very reluctant to go. Thank god I went it was brilliant and Chuck the pilot was 1st class. Visit Fremont street in the evening, lights, bands the whole buzz. Find yourself a restaurant just off the Beaten track we went to Tony Roma's in Fremont street although it was packed it wasn't worth the money and I felt I had to rush. Go into as many hotels as you can there is so much to see.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great Old Style	Good hotel at end of strip. Clean, comfortable and well priced	
Nov 18 2009 	Average Hotel	This was your average hotel, it remings me of where we would stay for Senior Week. It did start renevating so they were updating it and making nicer. So maybe now the rooms are a little better	
Nov 17 2009 	It's just this one woman	We just came back from this hotel, we got the trip as a gift when buying the car (the travel america thing). Anyway, i was aware of the rude service at check in by reading current reviews on here. trust me, it's just that one woman at the check in! she was very rude, but then the lady who actually helped us was every friendly. The rest of our stay, the service were really good. People are friendly, we rarely stayed in the hotel, we traveled around the strip and the outlet malls. When we checked out, the asian lady was also very very friendly! If we had a choice, i wouldnt really stay agian, it doesn cost that much higher to stay at a better hotel on the strip. in our room, the lights were working and we can hear tv from next door at night time. AC's also loud. end of the day, 3star old hotel, don expect too much, worth it's value.	
Nov 14 2009 	great buget hotel	i wanted to stay in a old vegas style hotel ,with a small budget we chose the rivera .i have to say i read the reviews on this hotel and amazed with people,s reviews,if you want a budget hotel with great location this is a good one.if u want fancy stay at the wynn or mirage it will cost you more then double the price.u will get a lovely room to sleep in.but this is vegas you can vist all the casions for free.and the money you save on the room you can gamble the night away.my room was clean large by uk standards,satff where friendly.and will stay there again next year	
Nov 9 2009 	The Riv is nothing special	Our group of 6 went in early October and the weather was great but we were not able to enjoy the pool. If you're not going to lounge, this place might be ok for you. The pool in front was drained and the &quot;middle-pool&quot; only got sun on not even HALF of it. Pool bar opened at 4:30 but pool closed at 5. At first we couldn't have glass/bottles and then no aluminum. A few of the lifegaurds asked nicely and then offered cups but one particular lifegaurd was just plain rude (darker haired, shaved low hair). When asked why the pool closed so early he bitterly replied, summers over! When you come from Wisconsin, the mid to high 80's is still summer to us you big meanie! Our rooms had no fridges and safes cost extra so we spent lots of time hiding our valuables. Two of the ladies got their hair done and for a simple up-do and a simple wash and blow out, each was $75!!! The lady at the concierge desk was not helpful at all. The front desk was busy and not staffed well. But you get what you pay for and we paid next to nothing. Won't go there again.	
Nov 8 2009 	Average	What you'd expect. Clean but nothing great.Location is good at the north area of the Strip. The pool was closed as it was &quot;winter&quot; time.	
Nov 6 2009 	Watch Out for Energy Charges and don't use the Phone	Nice Hotel nice rooms BUT Watch Out for Energy Charges $3.++ per day and don't use the Phone $1.25 per call and watch out for the ripe off venders both to and from the rooms could cost you alot of $$$$$$$$$$	
Oct 31 2009 	older but worth the price	The experience we have had at the Riviera can be put into one word &quot;comfortable'. The rooms are average but clean. The employees are very friendly and are there to help you which you don't find in the larger hotels. Hotel check in went very smoothly and did not take a long time at all. We arrived at 10:30 a.m. and were in our room by 10:30. We have stayed in a few of the more expensive hotels on the strip and there is not that comfortable feeling. The large hotels seem more impersonal. The food at the Riviera is very good for the price and the food at Kady's restaurant are fantastic. They have a wonderful steak dinner for $12.99 that cannot be beat. The slots seem looser and there is a McDomnalds across the street if you are really trying to save a buck on food. They have a great promotion progran and comps add up quickley. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone who is not looking for glitz and glamor, just want to have a good time in a friendly place to stay on a budget.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great value - will go back	First time staying at Riviera and thought was a great value for what you got. Had a late check in after 11:00 pm and no line ups and front desk staff was great. Room was very large and clean and found the bed very comfortable and linens were clean. Bathroom was fine and nice shower. Sure the hotel is older but I thought that added to the charm. We ate at the coffee shop twice and service and food was good as well prices were reasonable. We ate a cheap breakfast one morning at the food court and for $5.95 got a big breakfast - ate at Denny's the first day and this breakfast was half the price and just as good. Ate lunch one day at the Mexican in food court and was awesome - had tacos and they had difference salsas to choose from - just had been in Mexico and tasted almost as good.I loved the casino as was not crowded and the waitresses came by quite often with drinks. Hit Slots of Fun and Circus Circus one night and had a blast. Also hit the Sahara and quite enjoyed as well. I prefer the older smaller casinos and had a great time.The location is farther down the strip but we had a car so could go farther down strip when we wanted to. We spent one day walking all way down to Paris and stopped in to many casinos on the way and definately got our exercise. I liked being father down the strip as not into crowds too much, so location was perfect for us.All in all I will stay here again and are thinking of coming back in January as friends want to get married here.	
Oct 30 2009 	Budget Friendly Updated Rooms	We stayed in the Monaco tower -- very nice, recently updated rooms. With the exception of the room the hotel is very outdated. The location isn't great, but it is a quick taxi or shuttle bus ride to the middle of the strip. You can buy a 24 hour bus pass for $7 or a 3-day pass for $15 (I think). If you are on a budget and just looking for a bed to sleep in the Rivieria is a nice place to stay. We spent little time at the hotel otherwise. I recommend checking out old vegas on fremont street, as well as a cirque du soleil show if you have time. Some free sites include the lions at MGM, the fountains at the Bellagio, and Sirens of TI. The New York-New York roller coaster was awesome as well. I love Vegas... Have fun!!	
Oct 28 2009 	fabulous value	With such mixed reviews and a price tag of only $39 a night we were sceptical. But the price simply could not be beat so we booked it. Check in was immediate, although it was midnight. If you arrive in the late afternoon expect quite the line up. We received an unrequested upgrade at checkin to the &quot;renovated&quot; Monaco tower. Still not a fully renovated looking room, but the bed was super comfortable, room was surprising quiet and the room was cleaned all four days we were there with towels, etc. being replaced if instructions we followed - placing them in the tub. Spoke with the front desk staff 3 times during the stay and they were very helpful and friendly. Express check out completed on the television.I have seen people recommending the Peppermill restaurant next door, but I say 'gross'. Portions ridiculously large with a pricetag too high for the substandard quality. Guess they have to pay for the pool of oil under your three eggs (minimum served at breakfast) somehow.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great hotel if you want a nice room and nothing more.	We checked in easily (no lines although it was 10:00 pm) and found our way to our room in the Monaco tower. The room was quite impressive, especially for the price - newly renovated with a very comfortable bed and a fridge. We stayed for 11 nights and overall I was quite happy with the room. There is an ABC store in the hotel (among some other shops) where you can buy gifts, snacks and anything you might have forgotten to pack. The location of the hotel was not the greatest, but you just have to walk across the street to catch the Deuce bus and you're only minutes from the action on the strip. The only thing we really weren't impressed with was the service in the casino. We spent quite a bit of time in the evenings on the slot machines and rarely if ever saw a waitress. Even when a waitress finally did come around, she usually didn't make another round (and we did tip at least $2 for a drink). It's a good thing we're not big drinkers, but even still we were frustrated by the lack of attention. All-in-all we found the Riviera to be a good hotel if you just want a nicely renovated room for a good price and don't mind a bit of distance between you and the rest of the strip.	
Oct 27 2009 	Would Not Stay Again	I will start out this post with the fact that I have stayed at the Riviera the past ten times that I have been to Las Vegas and have always been pleased. We arrived on a Tuesday. Check-in was quick and we were given a room in the North Tower (so that we could be close to an elevator). Room: Room had been somewhat updated. The beds had new bedding (my coverlet had a large rip down the middle of it) and were fairly comfortable. Bathroom was very, very tiny with a pedestal sink only. Absolutely no place to set any of your toiletries. Right outside the bathroom was a very small half-circle table. There was no room at all to set your things. The closing mechanism on the door was broken and was secured by a bent screw. Each time you left or entered your room, door would not close until you giggled the mechanism to get it out of the way. You would think housekeeping would notice this and call maintenance. On to housekeeping. We stayed 3 nights and our room was only cleaned once. We were out of our room most of the day so that was not an excuse.Casino: I have always liked to gamble in this casino. It was terrible this time. Only three black jack tables open (one $5, one $10 and one $25) and only one 3 card poker table. The 3 card poker table was full. You had absolutely no options to play at another table. We have better options at our Harrah's casino in St. Louis. I know this is a result of the poor economy, but there were just no tables to play at.Food: We ate only one night at Kristopher's Steak House. Very disappointed that they closed their Italian restaurant. They did move some of the menu items to the steak house though. The meal I had (penne/vodka sauce with chicken) the chicken was way overcooked and the sauce was very sticky. The Peppermill restaurant next door is EXCELLENT! Overall, I was very disappointed with my stay. The only casinos really close are Slots-of-Fun and Circus-Circus. Both of these casinos had very few tables open. I would not stay here again, nor on that end of the strip. I just really hated to see such a nice hotel/casino that I have loved to stay at turn into such a run down, emply casino.	
Oct 26 2009 	Surprisingly Clean Great Staff--Great Stay for the price	We decided to save some money for gambling and dinners so we decided to go with a 3 star.We stayed at the Four Seasons during the week for my husband's conference and transferred here for the weekend. I booked it through priceline and got it for $60 night and that was good considering the U2 concert and other happenings in Vegas. I knew it was older and was a little worried about it but was really surprised by how clean it was. We were in the Monaco tower with a king bed. The room was nice and the bed was extremely comfortable--this tower must be new or updated b/c the furniture was really nice and modern. Some of our friends were staying in a suite and they were really happy with it too (which is saying alot b/c they normally stay in four or five star hotels).We had a lot of fun in the casino here. We gambled here more than anywhere else. The entertainers they had in the casino were really good and I enjoyed listening/watching them. It is quite a walk to the other casinos but I guess everywhere in Vegas is a long walk.Don't do the breakfast buffet--it was not good. Walk across the street to McD's instead.	
Oct 24 2009 	Nice Hotel "BUT" Employees Rude and Not much Help!	My daughter and I went to Las Vegas to see many of the Cirque shows. The price was good for the hotel, I'm one that believes that your just sleeping and showering in the room and my money is mostly for shopping and shows! Location was a little north of everything but overall the Hotel was good, &quot;BUT&quot; 90% of the employees were RUDE or Not much help no matter who you talked to, whether Security or Front Desk, or even getting your Member Ship card. The only person I found that really nice was when I went to ship stuff home, there is a UPS office and the young lady was very helpful and friendly making sure we got everything we needed to get out souviers home. I would think twice before I stayed here again. The price was the only reason we looked at it! Would either stay at Luxor or Golden Nugget next time! Would not recommend this to anyone.	
Oct 24 2009 	Its run down old and well.. "central"	Ok, I'm an objective traveller... This place is old. This place is in need of an update. If it has been refurbished, I stayed here for 4 nights and saw no evidence of it. Basically. I am not even sure if you get what you pay for, but don't expect &quot;modern&quot;, or &quot;updated&quot; anywhere. Funniest thing I saw today was the guy at the car park polishing the brass railing, while the stairwells adjacent were littered with cigarette butts and the cement he was standing on was covered with gum. On the positive, its next to the LV Convention Centre, and the Sahara/LV Blvd intersection. Be warned.	
Oct 21 2009 	don't stay at the riviera	What an awfull hotel. first of all, the staff is extremely rude. The ladies at the front desk were very very RUDE. they shouldn't even have a job there. and the guy who took our luggage when we got out of the taxi was rude also. Now for the disgusting part, Our sheets on the bed were not changed from the last people who stayed in our room.. we found food particles, and hair on the sheets. GROSS. when i called housekeeping to complain, they asked me if i wanted them to come change them... well duh. It was also very hard to find a waitress for drinks when we were gambling. Over all, i would say that this hotel sucks, and would not recomend anyone to stay here.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great place!	I was a bit apprehensive after reading some of the reviews, however there was nothing wrong with this place. My room was clean and nice, the staff was friendly, I won a few bucks playing blackjack and slots and the Asian food place downstairs was pretty good and inexpensive. I don't know why it gets a bad rap? I've stayed at places ranging from the dump sites at state line to NY NY, TI, The Mirage, LV Hilton,The Riviera, Doubletree etc. This was a good stay at a very reasonable price.	
Oct 20 2009 	Poor service and ... Don't trust ANYONE!	Our trip was for both business and pleasure since we were here with family and friends for a conference so we HAD to stay at the Riviera. The ONLY good thing was that the beds were very comfortable. Check-in was terrible. Despite reservations made three months in advance, and phone confirmations made one month ahead and again two days ahead, they had the reservation wrong when we checked in and we almost didn’t have a room for the four-day conference. When we got in our room (at midnight), we found trash from previous guests in cabinets. The next day, we mentioned it to the maid who was cleaning the room next door. When we returned after the room had been &quot;serviced,&quot; the trash was still there. WE had to collect it and throw it out. The room was never vacuumed our entire four-day stay. (I know because there were strings and bits of paper on the floor when we arrived and they were still there when we left.) Used towels were NOT replaced, despite following the hotel's directions about leaving towels on the floor or on the rack to &quot;save water.&quot; But the worst discovery was the day before we were scheduled to check out. One of our party had won $200 in the Riviera's casino the day before. He didn't want it on his person so he left the money buried in his luggage in the room. (Not a good idea, I know, but his partner had just been mugged on the street two days earlier in Chicago and he was feeling wary.) When he returned to the room, the money had been taken from his wallet, which was inside a bag, buried inside his suitcase, in a locked room. The charger for his new iPhone had also been stolen. The hotel's security was completely useless (&quot;Here, fill out a theft report.&quot;) which is really a laugh. When we checked in, we were told not to order any delivery food (like off-casino pizza delivery) because the security guards keep close watch, and the hotel will fine guests an exorbitant amount if they catch a delivery person going to your room. But if someone (likely a hotel employee) steals from you, security doesn’t seem much interested. We told them we were checking out immediately and moving to a different hotel (the La Quinta Airport on Paradise, which we HIGHLY recommend!) and, after talking with a manager, they did refund that room for one night. But it wasn’t much recompense for the loss and for all the anguish and the ruin of an otherwise enjoyable conference weekend. Find another hotel!	
Oct 18 2009 	Fantastic Town Great Place to Stay	My boyfriend and I booked the Riviera about 10 months before we travelled and got a really good deal. We had read a few reviews and were really excited especially since we heard that it was being refurbished. We weren't disappointed. The hotel was lovely, our room was modern and had an ipod docking station which was used every day. The pool was nice and clean and if you got there early enough you could get a sunbed to use.The only slightly negative thing about the hotel is it's location, at the top of the strip. We didn't think that this was a big problem when we booked, and didn't mind a 10 minute walk each day but if it's a warm evening it does feel like you'll be walking forever. The good news though, you can buy a 24 hour ticket for the deuce bus for $7 and save the walk if it starts to get too much.I would definitely go back to the Riviera even if it was just to find my lucky one arm bandit machine - I won $19! I also loved the Crazy Girls statue outside.	
Oct 16 2009 	Nice Hotel no problems - would stay again!!	Ok, there is a surcharge of $3.95 per night... However, no bed bugs, hair, bad sheets. Room was clean, older room. We were upgraded to a suite in the newer area but we are smokers so we chose the older room. No issues, quiet, good room service. Pool was clean. Nice staff, drinks delivered quickly. Table games dealers were nice and helped us bet. We signed up for a players club cards and got 2 free show tickets. We walked around and had no issues. great for the money, not a busy hotel where you could not walk or talk to anyone. Cab rides were 10.00 to the Venetian. Would stay here again. Check in was not busy at 7:00pm. waited only 5 minutes. really busy check in at 4:00pm - we walked past the desk.	
Oct 16 2009 	lousy hotel	From the very start, the staff was very rude, especially the people working at the buffet. We got charged $8 for using the hair dryer, which other hotels do not charge. My sheets had hairs on them, but worst of all, the plumbing in the bathtub was horrible. We could not take showers for more than 2 minutes because by then the water was already at our ankles. It was disgusting. It is on the very end of the strip, without anything nice around it. The only good thing about the hotel was that it has a decent pool. But if you want to actually enjoy the full Vegas experience, do not go to the Riviera.	
Oct 13 2009 	Nice hotel but I'd stay elsewhere	We stayed in one of the newly remodeled rooms at the Riviera. The room was nice and spacious. However, the 2 double beds were the smallest double beds ever. My husband and I could not fit comfortably in the double bed. Also, there was hair everywhere - in the shower, bed, and even on my pillow. There was a lot of dust behind the furniture, along with quite a bit of trash that fell behind.The parking deck was such a far walk from the room. So was the buffet. The buffet was not that great. It seemed as if they used the same food as the day before. Also, all the food was the exact same. It would have been nice if they featured different foods on different days.All in all, our stay was OK.	
Oct 13 2009 	Bad Location - Decent Rooms	The rooms is the hotel were updated and pretty clean for the most part. The bad thing about this hotel is it is far down on the strip. It is far away from any of the main hotels and walking back to your hotel late at night didnt seem like the safest idea. After a certain spot on the strip it was like we were the only one's out on the street. Okay hotel but I would rather stay in a better location.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great place for the money...	Rooms were clean and updated. Flat screen TVs, i-pod docking radios, mini fridge, modern decor. It is a little far north, but we walked to the main part of the strip in 15-20 min. A cab ride from Cesar's is only $10 to go back.Cons: Difficult to navigate the grounds, constantly lost my bearings. The A/C unit is of the old style and it is tough to get a consistent temp in the room. The bathroom light is wired to the exhaust fan (personal pet peeve). The window was on the small side.All in all, this is the best value on the strip. The rates are great and the rooms are acceptable. Far superior to the Imperial Palace for half the money. Honestly, how much time do you spend in your room when visiting Las Vegas? Save your cash for entertainment.	
Oct 10 2009 	Old Tired Property  Seen Better Days.....Economy Doesn't help...	Our organization just had a conference at the Riviera. The facilities served the purpose for the conference. However, many staff have lost the drive to serve the guests. From the convention side of their business, the management is really asleep at the wheel. I know in this economy that it is rough on an older property but the top management isn't even aware of the problems in the internal operartion. Rooms in the Monaco Tower were nice. Ventilation in the Monte Carlo Tower was very poor as is the case in an older property. Smoke permeated the air conditioning system. Top of the Riv --- GREAT VIEWKady Cafe was a safe bet with GOOD hamburgers. Service was poor to average. Buffet was ..........well ....we should not go there.	
Oct 9 2009 	Nicer than I expected - Overall a good Place to Stay	Overall a pretty nice stay. I booked our stay at the Rivera on Priceline's &quot;Name Your Own Price&quot; tool -- the rate we got was $70/night + fees &amp; taxes. This rate was higher than normal because there was a much hyped boxing match at another Strip casino. Frankly, I was confused as to how the Riveria qualified as a 3-star hotel on the Las Vegas Strip before I got there. But, when we checked in, I was informed that two of the hotel towers had been renovated (which I assume is how the 3-star rating was attached). Check-in is via automated kiosks, with two or three employees helping out. Rooms were nice enough. The renovations include paint, new beds and bedding and flat-screen tvs that all make the rooms look much nicer than you'd expect from a 50+ year old hotel. The room was quiet and we had a nice view of the strip from our room. But, the BEST (and most surprising) thing about our stay was the casino. Great poker tournaments daily, blackjack tables are readily available, and the sports book (run by LeRoy's) is fantastic. The location on the north side of the strip is not ideal for people that want to be down near the &quot;new&quot; casinos, but the walk is managable (yet long), and there's a bus (called the &quot;Deuce&quot;) that shuttles passengers up &amp; down the strip for $6 for a 24-hour pass. We took the Deuce south on the strip and also downtown to Fremont St. during our visit. Some of the downsides to the Riv: 1) the hotel lacks the variety and quality of food choices that you would find in most Las Vegas hotels; 2) the parking is a bit of walk from the hotel lobby (if you had kids or stiff-jointed grandparents, it might create a problem); 3) wireless internet access is available for a charge (I remember it to be $9/day which I think is silly given the negligible cost of providing wireless access to guests). That said, this hotel worked just fine for our needs. If you want to stay in a trendy chic hotel, the Riv isn't it, but if you're in Vegas to gamble and not spend $250 a night, this hotel might fit the bill.	
Oct 8 2009 	old hotel - trying for an update	The &quot;tower&quot; that the Riveria put us in had been recently updated. I think the only thing they updated was a flatscreen tv and new sink and mirror in the bathroom. The room was not cleaned at all when we got there. They told us just to place our luggage in the closet. I was afraid to step in there the room was just a mess! I will say that the maid did a nice job cleaning! The hotel is old and you can tell it is. It is 3 1/2 miles down the strip from the newer hotels. (MGM, Paris, etc) The hotel staff had no personality at all. As a matter of fact, none of the employees ever went out of their way to help you with anything. We played and stayed and doubt that we go back.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great First Time Experience!	We really enjoyed staying at the Riviera. The only thing that wasn't to great was the distance to the monorail from the hotel to get to the MGM or any other further away hotels on the strip.	
Oct 8 2009 	Affordable Comfort	Booked on Priceline and was upgraded (it wasn't a busy weekend in Vegas) to the Monaco Tower. The smell in the hall was unbearable, but the rooms were clean and without odor. Had a good TV on the wall and those bedspreads with covers that are cleaned with each new guest. The pool looked popular, though I didn't have time to go in. It's on the strip, but away from most of the action, which can be nice if you don't want such a hectic experience. I would be worried about staying in the older rooms.	
Oct 5 2009 	Riveria...nice comfortable and affodable....I will return to stay on my next visit	Upon check in I found that my reservations were not what they were supposed to be. The front desk person was very helpful and understanding. She got my reservation fixed in plenty of time, with a smile on her face (yes even though it was reservation dept mistake) she made it a lot more bearable for me. Upon arrival to my room I was very pleased at the welcoming decor and cleanliness of the room. Casino and eating areas were clean. The minute you sat a used glass down, whoosh it was taken away, and new beverage offered to you. And all with a smile!! When I reported a problem with the air conditioner unit, they were quick to send up the maintanance staff and the problem was fixed. Even though for some reason I had somehow turned the unit off, the repair man said he would check the filters to make sure that they were clean and checked the air flow through the AC opening. This was going above and beyond. All in all my stay at the Riveria was exceptional and I would reccomend it to anyone looking for a nice place to stay. I will definetley return to the Riveria on my next trip to Las Vegas!	
Oct 5 2009 	Past its prime	The Riv is nice, but its time has come and gone. It sits at the far north end of &quot;The Strip&quot; almost an island, with construction, empty lots and Circus Circus its immediate neighbors. If you're looking for something in the way of entertainment in-house, it's pretty lacking once you've had your share of gambling. The mid-strip venues (TI, Wynn, etc) are w/in easy walking distance, but plan on walking at least an hour to get to Mandalay Bay, Luxor, etc. Although the food in the buffet leaves much to be desired, Kady's and Kristofer's are quite good. Had the convention I was in town for not been held at the Riviera, I would not have stayed here. That said, the rooms have recently been redone and are quite nice (although a coffee maker would have been nice so as not to have to purchase the overpriced sludge from the kiosk downstairs) and the place is generally clean, just old. I'm guessing that once new construction begins again in LV, the Riv &amp; Circus Circus will make way for newer and better.	
Oct 4 2009 	Amazing value hotel	Mixed reviews about this hotel but I must say we were very pleasantly surprised.I got an amazing rate for this hotel and was not expecting it to be that great, but it really exceeded our expectations.We checked in quickly and without hassle and they let us have our room around 2pm, even though check in is actually from 4pm.The room itself was very large and squeeky clean, with two king size beds, flat screen tv and en-suite with a huge bath tub in it. Maid service every day made the beds up and tidied.The casino itself was large and fairly empty most of the time. Waitresses came round often for drinks which was great for us!We ate the buffet breakfast on one day, great value but the food was pretty mediocre. Enough to fill you up for the day but nothing exceptional. Better food to be had elsewhere.The hotel is at the north end of the strip, around 10-15 mins walk to the larger hotels but this never bothered us. The deuce bus stops right outside the hotel which is really convenient if you want to zip up and down the strip or head to Freemont Street.Free parking in the multi-storey behind the hotel is also an added bonus.For the money, you reallly can't go wrong.	
Sep 30 2009 	Pleasantly surprised!!!!	I wasn't sure what to expect because the rates were so inexpensive. As soon as I walked in the door, I breathed a little easier...but what really mattered to me was the cleanliness and comfort of my room. I opened my door and was extremely pleased. The beds were VERY comfortable, the linens were clean and fresh, floor spotless, it was immaculate. The service was impressive. The pool was fantastic and a NICE bonus that I was unaware of when I booked. I'd stay here again and definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 30 2009 	Riviera Hotel in Las Vegas is fine  if not a little impersonal	My Wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 night whilst visiting Las Vegas on the 12th and 13th September 2009, it is the 5th hotel we have stayed in over the last 5 days, and by it was fine to a degree. The hotel itself is located right at the beginning of the LV Strip and has a big free car park to the rear, which takes about 5 minutes to park. The check in id fully automated and have staff to help only if it is a problem, which again is a little impersonal. If was absolutely packed when we got there, so took a while to check in, see my picture of the queue. Our room was located in one of the towers at the back of the hotel, and was fine for the 2 nights we stopped there, No breakfast is included, but there are many expensive cafes attached to the hotel, as well as an almost shopping complex on the ground floor, I went to McDonalds opposite for a cheap breakfast. The casino is open 247, and so is the bars, it is hectic, the pool is great and warm and basically I cannot fault the hotel, most people we spoke to were staying for the week, which they would laze by the pool during the day, and do the Vegas thing at night, which was great, as we did, super fun to be had in Vegas. Please be aware of hidden costs on Checkout, which we did via our TV by the way. They charge you about 5 dollars a day to use the hairdryer, so use your own if you have one, bit of a shock that, thank god they didn’t charge us for using the shower. On the whole though it was ok, my wife even visited the tattoo parlour on the ground floor, where they were very friendly. So not sure of the rates,, as we were on a fly drive package, but as the room goes it was ok, but as a hotel it was a cold experience, but I think you get that in Vegas, so overall ok..ish.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excellent value with clean rooms	I used the web as the sole source for hotel information for this trip. The reviews for this property had been anything but consistent, but I booked it anyways. I am very happy I did. The hotel room was adequate and very clean. We were in the Monaco Tower and it was evident the rooms were recently renovated. Our room had a plush bed, excellent shower, and a small refrigerator. We never heard anything from adjacent rooms until the final day, and that was just the murmur of a TV being too loud. We had an angled view of the strip that offered a nice view without an upgrade. We arrived at 11am and had no line at check-in. I acknowledged the front desk lady with a &quot;Good Morning&quot;, and she informed us we were too early for check-in. She must have had a moment of compassion, as she directed us to the Kiosk for self check in. With a bit of guidance from her, we were assigned two keys and our room was ready! What a relief! Other notables about this property:-The pool area is awesome, just don't dive in the pool! The lifeguards will call you out on it, even though the pool is nine foot deep! Not quite sure about that one.-The casino workers didn't seem that friendly. No problem, we walked across the street to Slots-O-Fun at Circus Circus and they were very friendly.-One other note-Go to Ellis Island for dinner or to gamble. It is directly behind Bally's. They have a 10 oz Sirloin steak, with salad, potato, vegetable, and their own micro beer thrown in for $6.99 each. It was an awesome meal, and we stayed there to gamble too!	
Sep 26 2009 	Great Deal for the Price	We attended a conferece at the Las Vegas Convention Center and wanted to stay at one of the strip casino/hotels. We chose Riviera because it was close by. We booked a basic room, not the cheapest, but a step up. At check-in, we were upgraded to a newly renovated room in the Monaco Tower. The room was very new, clean, and comfortable.We also used the swimming pool and it was very nice - just as shown in the pictures on the website. The only downside is that the hotel seems to be understaffed, especially at the front desk. The line was long for check-in and check-out (no, they don't have automated check-out). One night there was only one worker at registration and she also had to answer the phone. She was quite frazzled and I didn't blame her.	
Sep 26 2009 	Excellent value for money!	After reading so many bad reviews we were a bit scpetical about the Riviera but it turned out to be more than fine! Long queue at check in, put could easily bypass it at a self-service check in counter, just have your card ready, no problem whatsoever! We even had a choice of 3 rooms.The room was perfect, brand new, huge, comfortable bed, everything was clean. The casino was not worse than some of the other smaller ones on the strip. Did not use the pool as we had a busy schedule but the other guests seemd to enjoy it. The only negative aspect could be the location, it takes 20-30 minutes to walk into town, but you have restaurants and others facilities around it, plus circus circus and sahara further down the road.	
Sep 23 2009	Very clean hotel	This large hotel at the Riviera Casino was very comfortable and clean. Rooms were huge and beds were king size. Large screen TV and WIFI in the rooms were a bonus. Location was ok but was away from 'the strip'. No breakfast was included in the price.	
Sep 22 2009	Will never stay here again!!!	So to start off, as soon as you walk into the hotel it reeks of smoke. I know you would think that all the hotel and casinos there smell like smoke. Well, they don't. I have been to tons of casinos where the hotel part smells fins and only the casino smells like smoke. But whatever didn't think much of it. Then we went to eat at the buffet while waiting to check in to our room. The buffet food was horrible! I mean it all seemed to have been sitting out forever and was reheated many times. And it isn't like we went at an odd hour for lunch either...It was 11:30!! So after that we went to check in where a very rude lady didn't help us. We had requested a roll away bed before we even came and was told we would get one. But this lady said &quot;Oh we can't gaurantee that you will get one. All I can do is ask housekeeping to bring you one&quot; I mean HELLO?!? Why even say that? Why not just say I will request one for you. After talking to the rude lady for about 10 minutes we head up to our room and come to discover it is dirty! I don't mean they forgot to vacuum either. I mean DIRTY! It even smelled of sex and sweat. It was sooo gross. There was water all over the bathroom floor and the bad was torn up, and there was liquor bottles everywhere. I call downstairs and somehow got the same rude lady that checked us in. She claimed to have told us the room was dirty. And when I called her out on it she said &quot;well she probably neglected to tell us it was dirty&quot;. Ah yeah, you did forget! Then she used what seems to be the hotels motto and told me they don't gaurantee that the rooms are even clean before you check in to the room. That is just wrong. I am sure if we were to staty at MGM or Bellagio the rooms would have been clean for sure! But at the Riviera they told us they don't gaurantee the rooms to be clean when you check in, they don't gaurantee a roll away bed, they don't gaurantee a king size bed (which our wasn't, it was supposed to be but got a quenn). She specifically said that the hotel could not gaurantee anything! Now that does not sound like a place I would want to stay at. Plus the casino was always deserted. I mean there was only a handful of people that played there, it was really wierd. I felt like out of all the hotels on the strip we got the worst one!!!!! The only positive thing I have to say is the 2nd night was good, mainly because we didn't speak with anybody there, and the pool looked nice.	
Sep 21 2009 	This place was all around awesome !!!!	We stay here everytime we go to Las Vegas, for the price and the rooms, and the people, you can't beat it.	
Sep 20 2009 	Inexpensive but I would pay more to stay somewhere else	My fiance and I stayed at this hotel when we traveled to Vegas to attend the OSU vs UNLV football game. We picked this hotel mainly because of it's cheap rate. Originally, we had only booked 3 nights, but then decided to add a couple more so we would have more time to experience Vegas. When we arrived after driving over 17 hours, we were surprised at how quickly they checked us in. Upon arrival, they let us know that we would have to check out and then check back in after the first few days since adding extra days caused it to become two reservations instead of one. Luckily, checking out and checking back in was done just as quickly as check in on our first day. We were thankful for this since I had read horrible reviews about people having to wait in line for an hour to check in. Our room was nice, and the bed was comfortable. We had a view overlooking the pool. The AC worked well and kept our room cool, which was great considering it was over 100 degrees every day we were there. Along with the cheap rate, these were really the only things we liked about the hotel. The beds didn't have a fitted sheet on them, just a regular sheet tucked in. It constantly came untucked, slid around and got tangled up. Very irritating! The hotel smelled horrible, way worse than most of the other casinos we visited. Luckily the rooms didn't smell, but walking downstairs through the casino out to the parking garage wasn't a fun experience. We hardly spent any time in the casino because of this. Our room had no refrigerator, even though when we booked it showed that our room included one. The shower did have good water pressure, but made horrible squealing noises every time we used it, and the walls in the room were very thin. We could hear our neighbors every time they took a shower, which seemed to happen a lot and at all hours of the night. Our shower curtain was moldy which was disgusting. Our sink stopped working after the second day and wouldn't drain any more. We didn't need housekeeping every day, and most days we just grabbed a couple extra towels when they stopped by to see if we needed anything. They made sure to call and ask if we did want someone to come in, which we appreciated. On our last day, they called to ask if we needed anything or wanted them to come in and clean. We told them we did not. When we returned to our room after a full day on the strip, we found that someone had come in and cleaned. This wouldn't have been a problem except that we had specifically told them we didn't want any one to come in. Our room didn't have a 'do not disturb' door hanger, so we couldn't even put that out, not that it would have helped anyway. The location for this hotel wasn't very good, as it was too far away from the casinos on the other end. Driving around the strip with all the construction is horrible and takes forever, so it would have been nice to be more within walking distance of some of the larger casinos. One of the biggest problems for us was that there was no free internet anywhere in the hotel. Paying $12 each day for internet is ridiculous. The way the hotel is presented online makes it look like you have access to wifi for free. I had read in one review online that someone was able to use the free wifi by the pool, but apparently that didn't exist anymore because we were never able to find a connection. The pool was also closed every time we thought about going down to use it. It was closed by at least 6 every night, and one day we walked by at 3 in the afternoon and it was closed. The TV had hardly any channels to watch, and always turned to a menu channel where they were probably just hoping you would accidentally press 'movie' or something else that they could charge you a ridiculous amount of money for. I wouldn't stay here again. The cheap price isn't worth the rest of the hassle.	
Sep 20 2009 	Good Value on South End	My boyfriend at the time and I went on our 5 year anniversary and stayed at the Riveria. The value was great, room was clean. The pool area was gorgeous. The only downside was being so far on the south end, it was quite a walk to get to the hub of all the attractions. We rented a car, but you could also take the bus down the strip for cheap.	
Sep 11 2009 	Good value	I went back to Vegas in December to play in a year-end poker tournament. I was given a cheap room rate since I was in the tournament, around 30 a night. I was overall happy with my room, it looks as it had just been updated. I stayed in an Oasis series room. It was clean, the bed was comfy and it was seconds from the gaming floor! Unfortunately I didn't win this time, but the nice accomodations made up for it. MUCH better than Circus Circus across the street! Some of the restaurants down stairs were closed due to renovations so I didn't get to try them.	
Sep 8 2009 	Nice for the price	We arrived at the hotel at 11:00 am, we were able to check in right away. The hotel clerk could have been nicer, she was very demanding and would not listen or reason with us. She demanded a credit card for each room holder, told us we would each be charged $3.84 per day for an energy surcharge. Since we have gotten back, we have found we were charged $40 for something &quot;extra.&quot; I am currently talking with the hotel to see what this is about, and no one can seem to tell me. The rooms were very nice, we were in the Monaco tower. They had all been updated, were very clean, and the beds were very comfortable. Elevators to the rooms were very fast, you hardly ever waited over a minute. The pool area was nice, pretty crowded throughout our stay. The ABC stores in the hotel are very nice, for snacks, beer and soda, etc. Much cheaper than the hotel bars. Overall, a very nice room at a very reasonable price. Close to slots of fun, Circus Circus, Sahara, and Wynn. A short trip to downtown also. I would stay here again, however I do prefer downtown.	
Sep 2 2009 	I was impressed. . .Well sorta. . .	The room was nice. It felt like a La Quinta or Holiday Inn. Granted, the casino is very dated. This would have been an excellent stay except for the fact that a water main busted one of the days we were there. The hotel staff was very accomidating and they comped us a free night and a free meal. I was happy with my stay and plan to stay there again.	
Sep 1 2009 	all you need in one place	just outside the main strip, very much cheeper with no frills lost.GO back every time	
Aug 27 2009 	I loved it.	I arrived on a monday, I waited in the check in line for about... 15 seconds... went straight to the room, was very pleased with the king sized bed, big flat screen tv, fridge etc. Room was great. I just wish the location was nearer the middle of the strip. Hotel is very close to a Walgreens so I bought waters for the fridge in the room for when I returned after busy days. It is also right across the road from the machine you can buy 3 day bus tickets.	
Aug 27 2009 	wonderful stay	Had 2 weeks at the Riveara and had a great time , food was first class , staff very friendly and helpful , found the place very clean and tidy , my room was well decorated and serviced daily , price very fair about $1400 cheaper than the Bellagio , and Ceasers Palace , would use the Riveara again .	
Aug 23 2009 	Excellent value	Returned from spending 10 days at the Riviera in Las Vegas. We were pleasantly surprised by the room quality and view that we received given all of the bad reviews about this place. Our room was new and updated including a flat screen TV and a refrigerator. The only negative aspect of this place is their parking garage. It is very dirty and not maintained. Both elevators were broken down on the day we headed home and we had to haul our suitcases up 4 flights of stairs. The Riviera's food court did not have any of the restaurants we expected. The A&amp;W/KFC and Pizza Hut were all gone. The couple of places that were there closed at 9:00pm. Gambling was OK as the casino is spacious and clean.	
Aug 12 2009 	Good Price Decent Location Okay Service	I stayed at the Riviera for my first trip to Vegas. The line to check in was ridiculous, We were checked in to a room with one bed after I had requested a room with two beds that I had a copy of my reservation to confirm. We attempted to call the front desk about the mix-up but it took twenty minutes and still no one at the front desk answered. So we were forced to walk back downstairs and wait in the check in line again to switch rooms, then after being switched to a room with two beds my friend notified me we had requested a smoking room as well. I was so exhausted from the long trip there that I told her we would do it the next day. The room was beautiful it looked as if it had been newly renovated which made us very pleased. We went out and walked the strip, the hotel was in a decent location, I prefer being in the middle of the strip rather then on the end. The casino downstairs is very smokey..which most casinos are in Vegas. I will say I preferred going across the street to Circus Circus to play $3 dollar blackjack then pay $25 a hand. Overall we had a good stay, my best suggestion is if you are a smoker just go outside! We switched to a smoking room the next day and wished we hadn't soon afterwards. The smoking rooms are similar to a motel rooms at the Days Inn. Overall we had a great stay, our first room was great, and it was in walking distance of everything we were looking to see and do.	
Aug 12 2009 	Clean Convenient A Real Vegas Budget-Stretcher	Riviera Hotel. We live in Las Vegas and usually steer our family and friends to the Riv. Many rooms were recently renovated, but only to a point. We've always found them to be clean and functional. At one time- this hotel was in the middle of everything. Now it sits just a bit North of the new &quot;hot spots.&quot; Pool and common areas qualify for &quot;Vintage&quot; status. Mediocre Buffet, good Coffee Shop, and two Gourmet Rooms.Walk to the nearby Hilton, Circus-Circus, or the Convention Center.Basically- a good inexpensive lodging option with a minimal amount of frills. Spend the money you save on Gaming or Nightlife.	
Aug 11 2009 	Even though we were tired and broke we stayed out longer to avoid returning to the Riviera.	This hotel always stuck in my mind from the old days of the Rat Pack and even seeing the Riviera glowing sign in most Vegas ads and commercial. Upon staying here i quickly realized this was not going to be what I had envisioned in my head.The hotel was very, very outdated and the staff was slow moving and older than most of the hipper spots on the strip. We had to wait in a long line to get situated and once we entered the room we were even more upset. It was simply a very outdated old room and our view was of air conditioner units and rock gravel roof-yuck! We are very aware of you get what you pay for and this hotel was certainly proving this point. We felt depressed and sad to be in this room so we hit the casino floor which was equally depressing. Just not a very good vibe is all i can say. We have stayed at Bellagio, Venetian and visited Wynn so we knew it was not along this caliber but the feeling was just not a happy, exciting vibe.The location was good and the price certainly was good but the room just was not inviting and even though some nights we were tired and broke we just stayed out walking and talking as to avoid going back to the hotel. If you have seen the movie Vegas Vacation with Chevy Chase this hotels casino reminded me of when Clark is taken to the dirt casino by Cousin Eddie where you can play &quot;War&quot;, &quot;Rock, Paper, Scissors&quot;, and &quot;Guess what number I'm thinking of&quot;. Next time we will stay less days and stay in a nicer more modern, hip and upbeat hotel.	
Aug 9 2009 	be very careful here	me and my son stayed her the 8/3 to the 8/8 my trip was prepaided from my travel agents but when i was checked in they told me i had to pay for an electric sur charge of 3.95 a night then they needed a credit card just to hold (right!!!) a little later i checked my card and there they put a 100.00 hold on it. i went back and told them that that was part of my vacation money i talked to two clerks then a manager they acted like they didnt know what i was talking about.so i told them you are forceing me to spend a 100.00 in the hotel. the lunch buffett wasnt worth it but katys restaurant was the pool closed at seven which didnt make sense i went and got two towels the guy says bring them back or be charged 50.00 dollars.the parking garage elevators stunk and was dirty. i was playing the slots tipped my hostess to get my drink and half the time never came back. the air condioner didnt get real cold i slept on top of my covers the hole time. i will stay some where else next time. anyone who would like to e-mail me and talk about this my e-mail is justrobb091464@aol.com my name is rob	
Aug 5 2009 	You get what you pay for	This was my 3rd visit to Vegas. I usually go for the cheaper end hotels to give me more money for slots! On arrival to the Riviera there was a queue to check in. I understand we need to queue but there were only 2 ladies on reception and the requests from 1 of them for extra help were ignored. In fact 1 lady came out from the back office, looked at us then shrugged her shoulders and went back into office! After the wait the lady who checked me in was lovely, polite and gave us a free upgrade so can't complain at that. The room was lovely, fridge included, lovely kingsize bed etc. We were all settled then on the 2nd night we were flooded by the room above. Tried to phone reception for 10 mins, no one answered so my partner had to get ready and go to reception. They did swap the room but as he had no ID we were to pack up then call the bell man to activate the keys. We did this, he knew nothing about it and told us just to go to the room. After returning to the room later that night we were locked out. They had deactivated our keys. So off we went to reception again to be speak to the manager. She gave us another set of keys. A good bit of our night was wasted with the move to the new room. The pool at the Riviera is nice enough but I find it strange there were no parasols offering shade from the sun. Not 1. Also there was no poolside service for drinks or no snacks. Even Circus Circus provided all of the above. Also the hotel hooker propositioned my parnter twice. We saw her every night in the hotel, wandering about so I am suprised Security never. Whilst I know this is accepted in Vegas I was annoyed that my partner was made to feel awkward. My partner asked reception to call and book our pick up for the airport. He was told they have no outside lines and we had to use a pay phone. After complaining they said we could ask the bell man. He also refused but my partner advised him every other hotel we have stayed at has provided this service to us and the man was shamed into letting him use the phone. We felt it was easier for an american to phone and american as we have a broad scottish accent and sometimes people find our accent difficult to understand. Lastly our sheets in the new room were not changed once in 5 daysAll in all i wouldn't return here. The staff weren't overly helpful, no shade from the sun, no poolside snacks or drinks and the hotel hooker! The only decent thing was the room but then the whole fiasco with moving even dampened that. Oh and the lack of clean sheets!	
Aug 1 2009 	The Best hotel EVER	This hotel was a very good hotel very nice staff and our foom was so beautiful we stayed in a 2 bedroom suite ans payes only 80 dollers a night and at the front desk we asked for a upgrade and they gave us an upgraded room with a living room area and a kitchen it was so amazing an we only got charged 10 dollars extra a night.	
Jul 28 2009 	Watch out	I guess the old saying of you get what you pay for is true. I stayed two nights in a &quot;Premier&quot; room in the Monaco tower because it was cheap, but in the end I wish I would have paid a few more dollars and stayed elsewhere. The first annoyance was the slow check-in process and although they had check-in kiosks that should speed it up, they were poorly placed so people wouldn’t see them until they had already waited in line. Once we finally got checked in and got to our room, I was disappointed to see that instead of getting the King bed we requested, we were given a room with two doubles. I didn’t want to go back downstairs and wait for another half hour to get this fixed, so we just lived with it. The room was remodeled last year and decently decorated, although not that clean. There was half-eaten hard candy stuck to the floor which I stepped on with no shoes. Not fun. I was willing to forgive all of these problems with this hotel until the final insult that came when it was time to checkout and I saw that along with the sleazy “energy surcharge” which I was expecting, they also charged me almost $4 for using the safe when I had never touched it. I called the front desk and waited on the phone for 15 minutes only to be told that I had to come down in person and wait some more if I wanted the charge removed. I had a plane to catch so waiting around for them wasn’t an option. While walking out I heard other people in the hallway complaining about all of the extra charges tacked onto their bill. So, this place is a good deal if you want to sleep in a dirty room with small beds and have invalid charges appear on your final bill.	
Jul 27 2009 	better than expected	like it more than I thought I would. The location is terrible, a good walking distance from where all the 'action' on the strip is. rooms were much nicer than I thought it would be. Buffet was ok. Nice poker room	
Jul 25 2009 	Pretty good...	Bed was uncomfortable, however, if you are not spending alot of time in your room, not that big a deal. Room service generally has some good specials, always ask. We have stayed in a large suite several other times and its much better and worth the price. We usually stay longer than this year, so we did not upgrade. We have stayed here every year for the last 4 years in May for a national billiards tournament.	
Jul 21 2009 	Convenient and Cozy	Can't beat the price to be right on the strip. Overall a good hotel at a great value. Convenient to the monorail for conventions and just getting to the &quot;hot spot&quot; casinos, but a good gambling location in it's own right. Worth the stay.	
Jul 20 2009 	July 8-13 trip	We checked in late at the Riviera and checked in. Our room was in the South tower and had been remodeled. Getting the Players rate the room was an excellent deal. But since we were losing getting the Players rate causes a problem. That's because the rate s determined by the amount of play and when one is losing who wants to play? Also the waitresses didn't come around often with drinks. We spend every afternoon at the pool, but the was no drink girl! At $7 or $10 a drink I don't understand that? I asked the lifeguard about the situation and he dicn't understand either. We did gamble some at Slots A Fun directly across the street. $3 Let It Ride and plenty of free drinks. Also we tried collecting as many $1 chips from casinos as possible. We went home with 31 different casino chips.	
Jul 20 2009 	Not Dean Martin's Riviera	We stayed at the Riviera because it was within walking distance of the Convention Center and the price was one of the lowest around. But next time I will stay elsewhere and pay the extra money!The remodeled rooms were nice and clean, and the bed was comfortable except for the fact that the bottom sheets did not fit the mattress and we ended up on the bare mattress a couple of mornings. Our air conditioner quit and they were very prompt about getting it running again. Thanks goodness because it was 110+ every day we were there!Other than that we were not happy with our stay there at all. While we are not big gamblers we do like to play a little blackjack and my husband also likes to play craps. Every time we walked into the casino it was like a morgue and the dealers looked like pallbearers. Very few tables were even open let alone was anyone playing at them. There were no $5 tables everything was $10 or $25. There were more people that sat down to play the 3 virtual blackjack games for $2 a hand than were ever sitting at the real tables. The game minimum wasn't the only reason no one was playing though! I have never seen such a bunch of sour faced, crabby, cantankerous people in my entire life. No wonder the place was dead! The first morning my husband sat down at a table and conversationally asked the dealer where everyone was. He snapped back &quot;Didn't you know the economy is in the toilet?&quot; Those were the only words that came out of his mouth the whole time my husband sat there. We went to several casinos and their tables were at least busy and we never got that kind of response from dealers in any other casino.The only bright spot was a couple of the cocktail waitresses that were very nice. Oh and those virtual blackjack dealers smiled and talked! We did eat at the breakfast buffet one morning and while the food was decent it was very uninspired, not what you expect from a Las Vegas buffet for that price! At least the omlet guy was friendly and smiled! Most of the wait staff was too.All in all we had a good time because we left the Riviera every day and only came back to sleep and shower. I will not recommend this hotel to anyone and will discourage everyone I know from staying there. I also have contacted my travel agent and suggested she not book anyone there again either! Dean Martin would be very sad!	
Jul 3 2009 	Good room good location - overall a good value	I got a room in the monacco tower, which was very decent. The room was quite, clean and quite comfortable. I never ate in the hotel, but the location is great. North on the Strip (means here between Treasure Island and Stratosphere), but within walking distance to the Megaressorts (or take the deuce bus). Casino, Lobby are nothing outstanding, but I would recommend this hotel anybody just looking for nice and cheap stay to explore Vegas and surroundings. But be aware of possibly high extra cost when using Internet or special TV programms.	
Jul 3 2009 	Depressing outdated and not worth saving a few bucks!	The room was decent, on par with a mediocre Holiday Inn. I would NOT recommend eating at any establishment in the hotel though. The buffet for lunch was a disgusting collection of breakfast leftovers and dried up greasy spoon creations. It honestly reminded me of the buffet from National Lampoons Vegas Vacation! AVOID AT ALL COSTS the casino. I decided to play some blackjack there the last night of my stay since I had already played at the larger casinos. The dealers are miserable people that hate life. They are rivaled only by the dealers at Circus Circus across the street (another place to steer clear of). For a few extra bucks, stay at the Mirage or Rio. They were a lot cleaner and much more fun. The older hotels at the far ends of the strip are just cantankerous holes in the wall for dirtbaggish patrons. You'd do better staying at some hotels off the strip like the Orleans. Cheaper and nicer. Live and learn.	
Jul 2 2009 	A good value	Here are some key facts about the Riviera:1. This hotel was probably the dopest thing on the strip circa 1986.2. The casino and lobby are hideously out of date.3. Some of the people are of the unsavory sort.4. Stay in the Monaco Tower the rooms were just remodeled and are really nice.5. Ask for an upgrade at the front desk and ye shall receive one.6. The staff were really helpful.7. You will save hundreds staying here because the ABC stores (99 cent liter bottles of water instead of 3$ at Ceasar's) are cheap and there are cheap good places to eat around (Korean BBQ)8. Anywhere you want to go is less than a 12 dollar cab ride away.9. 45$ a night in a hotel means a night out VIP at Tao, Jet, XS etc.	
Jun 20 2009 	Great value	Just back from 5 day stay. Hotel very nice except for check in. Took 3 different changes to get smoking room ( no renovated rooms for smoking - 250 &quot;fine&quot; for smoking in non room). Room we got (Monte Carlo tower) was largest room of the three, reg bed and tv, great Strip view over pool.Ate at hotel once ( breakfast at buffet) OK food, poor selection, Very Overpriced )Casino small but uncluttered. Overall great value for those who are looking for bed and bath and Strip location.Easy access to Strip and Downtown via Deuce bus stop in front of hotel and across street at Slots of Fun (try the $1.99 giant hotdog) Get $7 24hr card for bus at SoF or exact change on bus (best value)	
Jun 14 2009 	All in all a pleasant stay	I was booked into the Riviera as part of a conference that was being held there and except for a few minor problems I had a good experience there. I had a 5th floor non-smoking room in the Monaco tower which had obviously been recently renovated. It was a bit small for the two beds that were there, but it was very clean, everything seemed new, and the beds were very comfortable. There were two things I didn't like. One was that the flush handle on the toilet was loose and eventually came off. The other was that there was no free coffee service in the room. Other than that, the room was great. There were several wireless internet services available from the room, but my room was close enough to the pool that I was able to use the free service offered there, and so I didn't have to pay for internet, something which I really hate to do.The hotel itself seems a bit dated, but is in good condition. It doesn't have the theme-park like atmosphere of some of the newer hotels, but of course it has a casino, where I managed to win a bit of money before loosing it all in the slot machines. I received prepaid tickets to the World's Fare Buffet as part of the conference price, but the food was not that great and I ended up only using about half of them. They have several different types of food -- Italian, Chinese, Mexican, BBQ, and traditional American, but all were rather uninspired, stereotypical representations of those cuisines, something you might get in college dorm or a hospital cafeteria. The only highlight for me was the prime rib that was available for lunch and dinner each day, but how many times can you eat prime rib in a week without getting tired of it? Other eating places at the hotel seemed to have very reasonable prices, so I was satisfied to eat there. There is a food court right off of the casino, near the Strip entrance to the hotel. The staff of the hotel were all extremely friendly and easy to deal with, and the general ambiance of the place, while a bit dated, was warm and friendly. The conference facilities were excellent. The only objection is that it is a pretty far walk from the hotel rooms to the conference room, but that was OK. I needed the exercise after all that fattening buffet food. The hotel is located North of the main part of the strip, but all the action is just about a 15 minute walk away, or you can take the Deuce bus for $7 for 24 hours. I walked all the way from the Riviera to the Ballagio at the other end of the strip and back on Saturday night, and it was a very interesting experience with all the sights and the crowds of people. Parking was good. There is a garage behind the hotel with free parking, and we were able to find a spot right near the door. All in all, I was pleased with my stay at the Riviera, and would stay there again.	
Jun 6 2009 	Very happy with room and location	I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews of this hotel but I was very happy after arriving. Check in was easy we had help from Toni, she was very helpful and pleasant. She upgraded us to a mini suite in the Monoco tower. All we had to do was ask. The room was great. VERY CLEAN. The bed was VERY comfortable and big. TV was very nice even though we did not use it much. Our view was not too good but I guess you can't have it all. I did not get a chance to check out the rooms in the other towers but I believe if you ask for non smoking you will get a remodeled room.The locaton is not bad at all. You are away from the crowds yet if you were in the mood for more action it was in walking distance if you like to walk or if not the Duece bus stops right outside the hotel and you can take it to the strip or even to Fremont Street. Cost is seven dollars a person for 24 hours. The stops are plenty so you will always find the bus stop. The service that we recieved as very good. Everyone was friendly and helpful. This was one thing I was worried about because of the reviews. We signed up for the players club and recieved free show tickets. We went to the ice show and it was Awesome. We gave the lady seating us five dollars and received front row seats. We were not in the room often so we did not need it cleaned every day. We let the cleaning service know that we would still need towels and they were very promt with bringing them every day. Also they made sure we had the bath and body works shampoo, conditioner, soap, and lotion every day. They were very nice people. We ordered room service one night, It was very late so we did not expect very promt service. But we had our food within 1/2 hour. We ordered the chips and cheese supreme and received more than enough for the two of us. It was a very reasonable price for all the food we got. The ABC store in the hotel is very reasonably priced. You could get a can of pop for $.75 and a bottle of pop for $1.49 which was much cheaper than the hotels down the strip. One of the stores is open 24 hours. The food court is reasonable too. You can get an omlet breakfast for $5.99. There is also a Chinese place, Mexican place, and a Quiznos.The Sahara down the street had buffets for $8.99. The pool was nice and not too crowded. As far as gambling it seemed that the Riviera and Circus Circus (not Slots of Fun) were the loosest slots and we gambled at New York New York, Rio, MGM, Sahara, Wynn, Encore, Treasure Island, and the Stratosphere, Golden Nugget, Fitz, and Fremont Street Casino. You must go to Fremont Street. The atmosphere is awesome if you just want to have fun. The light show is awesome also. They were celebrating the Summer of 69 the week we were there. I would definietely return to this Hotel.	
Jun 4 2009 	Will never stay here again...	I booked this hotel because they were giving me the 3rd night of our stay for free and the rates on the other 2 nights were pretty cheap. I had other hotel offers (through my job) but made the mistake of choosing the Riviera. With the 3rd night free I was also supposed to get 2 tickets to a show.We checked in at VIP services as I was instructed when I booked my reservation. The gentleman that checked me in should not be working for VIP's. I don't consider myself a VIP but the promotion I booked said to check in there and so I did. I asked about the 'Welcome Package' I was supposed to get that would explain about everything, including the show tickets. The man at the VIP desk had no idea what I was talking about. I asked about the show tickets...again he was clueless. I pulled up the ladies name and number I had booked with and offered it to him. He called her and said she was not in the office and he could offer no further assistance other than to check with someone else (basically saying it was someone else's problem).So I finally get the room key and I have to ask him where my room is. To me, if you do nothing else to help the person checking into a hotel, at least tell them where the room is! Ok, so we get to the room and it's ok. Nothing fabulous but not awful or anything. We were in the older section that had not been renovated yet as I required a smoking room and that was the only tower that had smoking rooms. Once we had gotten comfortable, I called the woman I booked my reservation with to try and obtain information about the free show tickets as I wanted to see it on our first night there. She was still not in and I left a message for her. Exhausted from the travel and the hassle of checking in, we were in the bed earlier than normal so we could get plenty of rest for the next day. At 8:30pm there was loud knocking on our door. My husband was asleep so I rushed to the door. I was a member of the housekeeping staff asking if my room was clean. I appreciate that they asked but we had checked in about 5 hours before so to me a call soon after check in would have been more courteous than loud knocking at 8:30 at night.Day 2 was when I finally got a call back (voice mail as I had been in the shower when she called) about the show tickets. She told me I should have gotten a welcome package at VIP services. I tried to call her back only to get voice mail once again. By this point I gave up trying to get the show tickets since it appeared no one knew what was going on with the promotion I had been offered from their hotel.Day 3 was the last day we would be there as we had a red eye flight that night. When we went to check out I went to the regular desk and the person there also had no clue about the promotion of getting the 3rd night free and I had to wait about 10 minutes while she checked on it. Once we got that settled, she gave me the bill. It showed only 1 night's charge. I was confused since I should have paid for 2 nights. Scanning the receipt in detail I saw that I had been charged the first nights stay when I booked the room a month before but I was never advised that I would be billed in advance. Luckily it wasn't an issue but adding it on top of the other issues just made me so glad to be leaving this hotel!!The only other bad thing I have to add is that there was a pool tournament going on at the hotel during our stay and I would have appreciated being notified of this when I booked the room as it would have made a difference in my decision to stay there. The place was so packed with people it was hard just to get to the strip from my room and there was no room to gamble so we spent the days at other places and only returned to the Riviera for sleep and a shower.The best thing about our stay was the departure. The gentleman at the Valet/Taxi area was extremely pleasant and helpful. I wish I would have looked at his name but I was just ready to be out of there so I can't tell you his name but he was great! Upon returning home I waited a few days before deciding to say anything. I understand everyone has a bad day here and there but the more I thought about it, the more angry I became so I wrote to the Riviera with all the above concerns and to date I have not heard back from them. Terrible customer service and though the price may seem good, just remember you are paying for a hard time so I say spend a little more and go elsewhere!	
Jun 3 2009 	Great Place.. Great Fun..	Its a great place to stay at LV when you are traveling on a budget... Easy access to the strip and some great restaurants around...	
Jun 1 2009 	Good value if you are willing to walk	Just got back from 3 night stay @ Riviera...checking into the hotel can be a task (especially during peak hours)...that aside, the hotel and casino is a great value considering how much other hotels are charging on the strip. I requested a non-smoking room, so they gave me a room in newly renovated tower...good sized room with all the current amenities( flat screen, ipod clock radio, etc.) I was given a room that was next to elevators, so i didnt get sleep first night...the next day i went down to guest services, and before i could even finish complaining i was given a nicer room. the hotel had great service and was clean. the casino floor was a bit smokey, but what the hell u expect, its vegas. the hotel has ok buffets, and there is great t-bone steak dinner special for under $13 24/7. I went on weekend, and was impressed with the crowd @ pool...was packed sat and sun. In terms of location, it is a bit north on the strip across circus circus. McDonalds right across street for early morning munchies. Bring walking shoes if you don't have rental car. Would recommend to college friends on budget....if you want in on the real vegas action look into the middle of strip, b/c it does become hassle getting to the hot nightclubs.	
May 30 2009 	Good not great. Needs upgrade.	I stayed here with my boyfriend while meeting up with my parents who were at a conference. The hotel was being renovated at the time, so perhaps the rooms have had some upgrading style-wise since we stayed there. The rooms themselves are huge, at least ours was, and have blackout curtains. We didn't realize what those were for until nighttime came and the neon hotel sign was literally right below our window, heh. The amenities were average, nothing special or extraordinary. I would recommend paying $5 or whatever it is for the VIP check-in, especially if you're going during a weekend. The line for check-in can literally take you hours otherwise. Make sure you ask about it, as I'm sure they don't always tell you about it, but they should. The casino down on the ground floor is decent. Smoky, of course, but decent, I suppose (I didn't do a lot of gambling on this trip). The location is okay, but not as central as some other hotels on the strip. We had a car, so it wasn't as big of a deal.All in all, a decent stay. The rooms felt a bit outdated, but everything worked, and it was clean.	
May 28 2009 	Could be a nice hotel - Worse service I have ever experienced!!!	Self serve check in was ok. Could use a bit of streamlining. After I swiped my card to find my reservation and check myself in, I had to again swipe my card and repeat the entire process to check in my wife. A bit time consuming and annoying, but we got through it. Our room was nice,room location was excellent, and the bed was very comfortable. We then proceeded to the pool where we were informed that the hotel was our of pool towels, and there would be an hour wait for towels. Apparently this is a common occurrance, since the hotel ran out of pool towels each of the 2 additional days we stayed. If you plan on using the pool, get there early if you want a towel. The package we booked included a 2 for 1 buffet offer, which was recently changed to 30% off the bill (no big deal). Upon trying to use my discount at the buffet, the lady at the cash register rudely informed me that she &quot;didn't know how to do that&quot;, referring to applying the 30% discount. Rather than hold up the line, I told her to disregard the discount. We made several trips to the casino (didn't win, but then again I don't expect to). I attempted several times to flag down a cocktail server, but she was busy talking to an elderly gentleman. After 20 minutes, she was still talking to the same gentleman, and I, nor anyone else, was served a drink. The folling night, I saw the same server talking to a different elderly gentleman, but she only stayed with him for 15 minutes. Again, I never saw her serve a drink, and I again went thursty. On the final day of our stay, we were out of our room most all of the day, returning to the room at 4 pm to freshen up for a dinner reservation we had across town at 5pm. Upon arriving at our room, the housekeeper, who was making up the room across the hall, knocked on our door and stated she cannot make up our room because we were in it, and she goes home at 5. I told her that we were leaving the room in 10 minutes (which we did), but she stated that someone else would be making up our room. Upon returning to the room at 7:15, our room was not made up. I called down to the desk, and the phone rang literally for 5 minutes without anyone picking up. I then called housekeeping, who did answer, and apologized for the room not being made up, and stated someone will be by to make up our room. Someone did come by, at 11:30pm. Since we had an early flight to catch the following morning, we ignored housekeeping.I do have to compliment the bellmen. Their service was prompt, and answered some of my questions about sightseeing, and made some very good suggestions. Other than the bell staff, the hotel appeared understaffed, and the employees seemed like we were a burden to them. I would definitely never never NEVER stay here again, only because of the terrible service.	
May 28 2009 	Worst stay at any hotel ever!	Did not reserve a proper wheelchair accesible room even though it was reserved 3 months ago. Management states that &quot;All rooms are a first come first serve basis&quot; even though the room was reserved over 3 months ago.	
May 26 2009 	Plush Pillows Best Value	The Riv was more than I expected after reading other reviews.We arrived late Check in was a breeze with the self kiosk, just swipe the credit card you made your reservation with and pick the tower and number of beds and keys needed. I picked non smokeing so we could stay in a new room. It was nice 4 pillows per bed and they were thick and fluffy same as the Quilt. Tv and mini bar area with frig. Bathroom was really nice but if your a short person you may need something to stand on to use the sink. The counter is really high. Maid service was great. Elevators were so fast we never waited. Pool area nice. ABC store good. Did not eat here. McDonalds across the street. Slots were loose Monday threw Wed, Learn the short cut to the parking garage we did not find this out until last day. Make sure you sit by the pool at night and take a drink with you so nice.	
May 26 2009 	You get what you pay for - and I wasn't disappointed at all	Just came back from a 6 night stay in Las Vegas. My partner and I booked the Rivieria in January, and paid a very reasonable $50 a night for the room. Yes, the hotel is looking a little older, but it is working to update the hotel, the rooms and I can't fault anything about the hotel considering the price. They honoured our requests (king bed, room on a high floor) and we were given room 6112 on the 21st floor with views down the strip as far as Paris hotel. The room was exactly like it was on the website pictures, and was very clean, the only downside was the a/c unit sounded like a hoover when it was on, so we rarely ran it overnight. Maid service was very understanding - if we were sleeping in, they let us sleep in and came back later, even when we didn't need cleaning they insisted on giving us clean towels. We can't fault them.The pool was always busy, and its definitely not the biggest, best pool in Vegas but it was popular. It did do room service, but seemed to be overpriced for what oyou got, but again, this seemed to be popular in the hotel judging by the number of trays in the hall each morning. We didn't eat at the hotel.A few points:Anyone who reads this site should be well aware of the energy surcharge, so bear that in mind when you 'budget' your hotel. I knew about it, was expecting it and wasn't surprised, so you won't hear me moaning about it.Checking in was a doddle using the machines. Maybe its an age thing, but we didn't experience any problems using them, or any queues.Checking out was even simpler. We did it through the TV in the room before dropping the keys at reception.This hotel is actually quite small compared to some of the other resorts, so the 5 minute walk from the front of the hotel to the tower is nothing in comparison to the 15 minute trek through the MGM grand for example We had better luck in the casinos here than anywhere else on the strip.The monorail is quite simply the quickest way to get from this end of the strip to the other end (10 minutes). We used it a lot. The queues for the Duece were always substantial. I hope they extend the monorail at each end of the strip. It is a quieter hotel, set at the north end of the strip. It takes 15 mins to walk tot he Fashion Mall, 20 mins to the Venetian. Flamingos is a 30 min walk. We walked a lot! Take comfortable shoes. By the end of the holiday I had foregone the sandals for trainers, irrespective of my attire.We are looking forward to our next trip to Vegas, and would happily stay here again.	
May 25 2009 	Nice room good food lousy help.	Came in for the BCA pool game's. Was staying there for ten day's. The room was nice and clean. Ate several times at the hotels steak house &quot;Kristofers&quot; which had exellent food and a pleasent weight staff. Kaddys Cafe was another story, long wait for a table even though it was only 60% full. The cashier was very annoyed about God knows what and it showed. The same situation with most of the black jack dealer's. They were acting like they really wanted to be somewhere else. The hotel I liked, but not most of the people who were working there. I would still stay at the hotel but would never gamble there again.	
May 21 2009 	Appauling - the worst hotel I have ever been to	I went to this hotel in May for the trip of a lifetime. We arrived at this hotel at 1am having travelled from the UK, and understandably were exhausted - wanting to get in our room and sleep. I went to the desk at check in to find one lady (I use the term loosely) speaking to a family in front of us in a way which I have never seen. I then went to the desk and spoke with the woman named Jill, who had no idea of customer service and was without doubt the most rude and obnoxious person I have ever come across - unlucky for everyone she worked in the hotel. She told us that our room had been cancelled, not offering any explanation why and giving no assistance to fix the problem. Very unhelpful, and when you check in here, the only benefit of using the electronic terminals is that you do have to deal with the staff there. I found another member of staff, hoping that I had been unlucky and he was just the same. I reluctantly paid $70 so I could get to a room and stay for the night. The room was ok. The building is very dated and needs a lot of investment. So in summary, because of an error out of my control, I got a refund and left the hotel after one night and went over to Circus Circus which was cheaper and fantastic - made to feel very welcome. All I can say is WHAT A LUCKY ESCAPE WE HAD.	
May 21 2009 	Beware of Bonnie from Tahiti village!!	Our stay at the hotel was not to bad, but they did not offer the 2 for 1 buffet that they promoted when we booked the hotel and we asked them about it and they said they did not offer that deal anymore;( We stayed in the Monaco Tower which had a phenomenol room that was AWESOME! The casino was very dead a majority of the time. Bonnie from the Tahiti Village smelled very bad was in rough condition and it's a scam! The manager was ver ypathetic when it came to helping us get some kind of comp for not having the 2 for 1 buffet special anymore. Stay at your own risk!	
May 20 2009	ok for the price	The hotel looks old and in serious need of improvements however the room was great, much better than I expected. We picked a room in the Monaco Tower and it had been remodeled. Nice flat screen, fridge and ok size. The casino was fine but it has a weird smell in comparison to the other casinos we visited (e.g. mirage, venetian), We tried kaddys cafe and I found the food to be mediocre and over priced and the service was terrible. Overall, the riviera is ok, the nice remodeled rooms make the experience much better... but they really need to invest on their restaurants and casino.	
May 18 2009 	Good value for money but watch the "extras"	We stayed at the Riviera in May in the Monte Carlo tower. Check-in and out was quick and easy. You have to pay a daily energy charge which is a bit of a cheek as you hardly spend any time in your room. They said they would charge my credit card $100 a day and refund it when we checked out less anything we charged to the room but my credit card was never charged the $300 for the 3 days we were there (we didn’t spend any money in the hotel)The room was just fine, nothing special but we got a cheap rate off the internet so we didn’t have high expectations, it was clean tidy with everything we needed including a flat screen tv and great bed with nice new linen and pillow top mattress. View from the window was un-inspiring (a brick wall with side view of the pool) but we didn’t go to Vegas to spend our time looking out of our hotel room window. The cost of renting a movie through your TV was expensive (around $15)There was a fair old trek through the pool area though to get from our room to reception.We had no issues with room service or noisy neighbours.We didn’t use any of the facilities in the hotel but from what we could see, the pool area was small but wasn’t particularly over-crowded, there was a separate grassy area with sunbeds which offered some shade. The casino was no better or worse than any of the countless others we walked through. The rest of the public areas including the elevators were fine.All in all, we had a pleasant stay and would certainly return.	
May 16 2009 	My room rate did not include cockroaches	I knew things were not right when we drove up to the valet only to have a sign read: VALET CLOSED. I had heard the hotel was completely sold out so finding parkingin their garage was a challenge. We entered the hotel only to overhear two guestsarguing and coming close to throwing punches. We checked in and the room overlooked the pool, okay not bad. The bathroom was clean although the faucet handle was missing a part. I will say the water pressure in the shower was awesome.Stayed Friday night, all good. On Saturday evening I was watching TV and thought there was an ant walking across the dresser. Got up and lo and behold, a cockroach. I got rid of it and as we were ready to go out to dinner, I saw another on the nightstand. That was it. I called downstairs to inform them we were checking out. They were apologetic and I believed they were sincere. The manager offered to comp us a free meal in their cafe but I told him I just killed a couple cockroaches, I don't have much of an appetite. I thought to myself, what must their kitchen be like? I was really looking forward to staying at Las Vegas landmark and was so disappointed. From now on, The Tuscany Suites.	
May 15 2009 	Better than Expected	Got package deal for air and hotel. From reviews on Trip Advisor, we weren't enthusiastic about staying here, but got a good price. We were pleasantly surprised at how nice and clean and up to date our room was in the Monaco Tower. Great king size bed with new mattress was extremely comfortable. Automatic check-in and check-out was smooth and easy. Kady's coffee shop convenient, good food and service at moderate price for LV. Hotel is at North End of Strip - need to take Duece shuttle bus to main area of strip. Bus stop is right across the street. Allow time on bus if you are on a time schedule - many stops. $7 for 24-hr pass. Free parking was an added bonus. This is a good place to stay on a budget - it's not plush, but clean and comfortable. You don't stay in your room much in Vegas anyway.	
May 13 2009 	Never again	Housekeeping was terrible When I walked into my small uncleaned room I was very upset my room had not been cleaned in fact someone has just checked out of my room right before I checked in the bed was not made the bathroom was distugesting someone had used the washroom all over the toliet nasty towels were still in the bathroom I called housekeeping it took them two hours to get to my room and when they did they didn't want to change the bed sheets the hole four days housekeeping was lazy my friend ordered room service the tray was left in the room for two days my friend put the tray in the hall way because of the left over food was begining to smell and housekeeping still never picked the tray up it wasnt until the morning we checked out the tray of spoiled food was finally picked up in the cafe part the tables and floors were full of dust this hotel needs a serious upgrade.that was my first and last time there.	
May 11 2009 	Not for the the non-smoker	This hotel needs ventilation in the casino area. There is no way to avoid the smoke if you are in the north tower because you have to go through the casino to get out. We went through some of the newer and updated casinos and you could not tell there were smokers there. This hotel also is older than the other ones and it shows. If you are value shopping, the next choice might be better. They also charge for everything from internet to a energy surcharge.	
May 11 2009 	Great stay for the price	I just got back from 4 days at the Riviera and it was a great time. I stayed in room 835 in the Mediterranian North tower and the room was huge. My friends connecting room was average size though. The only complaint I had about our room was that the A/C didn't really work work too good, but other than that it was great.The staff was very friendly and helpful whenever we needed something.The foodcourt however was under construction except for 2 restaraunts and where there was construction going on in there, there were a lot of huge dead bugs. Ya we didn't eat in there.The location sucks unless you're ok with taking the Duece bus that picks up &amp; drops off at the Riviera.We sighned up for Club Riviera &amp; got free show tickets to the Crazy Girls. I'd definiately only see that show with the free tickets. Regular price is $40 &amp; $60 a ticket and is definitely not worth that price.The Casino was clean &amp; the pool was great (except for the taste of the water), having the ABC store in there was a huge plus and saved me some money with there .99 cent bottles of water.All in all it was a great place to stay for the price &amp; it cost about $18 each way from the airport in a cab.I'd recommend it but probably won't stay again onlyy because i prefer to be more in the middle of the strip.	
May 10 2009 	Valuable stay in old fashioned hotel	Nice place, but public places need a little renovation. Be sure to visit the lunch counter - delicious :)	
May 8 2009 	I definitely recommend coming to the Riviera if you get a great price.	On this particular trip I stayed at both the Riviera and the MGM Grand. Believe it or not, I loved my room at the Riviera a whole lot more! They have recently gone through a series of renovations and their rooms are definitely up to par in comparison to the 4 star hotels on the strip.For Friday and Saturday night reservations, I paid a total of $130 after tax. I believe I got it for a special rate from http://i4vegas.com. They put me in a king sized non-smoking room. The room featured a wide flat screen TV and a plush king sized bed. The decor around the room was very classy with a bit of gold trim in it. The window view however wasnt anything to brag about since the Riveria is located on Paradise, not Las Vegas Blvd.Walking through the lobby you will feel like you are a cast of the 70's show. The businesses are definitely aging and have not changed over the years. The bar next to the casino has very reasonable prices for drinks. You can expect to pay downtown las vegas prices at the bar here. I did not do much gambling or attend a show here, so I can't really comment on that.The only downside to the room I had was that it was located next to an elevator shaft. I heard elevators running up and down all night, but I did not mind at the occasion. I was well intoxicated and ready to pass out every time I got back to my room. The parking was also very limited in the small old structure building which had one functioning elevator.I definitely recommend coming to the Riviera if you get a great price. You do get what you pay for at this hidden gem.	
May 6 2009 	Never Again	The Riviera needs to start from the foundation, and build up! I was not impressed! The elevator control box fell off the wall when I pressed the button to retrieve the elevator. Check-in was easy, but didn't make sense---seeing that the hotel rep was standing behind a desk instructing us on how to check in. It would have been much faster if the rep would have just checked us in! We stayed in the Monaco Tower--the room was ok, but I notice a few defects--seeing that I work in the construction trade. The remodeling just isn't working for the Riviera!!! They had drug dealers dealing drugs near the hotel--so the location was below average! To make a long story short, &quot;the riviera needs to let the past go, and start a new!&quot;	
May 5 2009 	Nice for the price	A little distance from the main strip, however the bus is convenient and cheap.	
May 1 2009 	I will never stay here again	We booked our trip a month &amp; a half in advance and didn't get one thing we &quot;reserved&quot;. We wanted two rooms, connected. Smoking preferably. When we checked in we learned that although we had called twice and been told it was taken care of, turns out that only meant a &quot;request&quot; was put in. So instead we got &quot;upgraded&quot; to two, unconnected, NON smoking rooms. Oh but one room had a ipod dock, that was the upgrade. We asked for other rooms but we told they were &quot;being held&quot;. That was ironic since our &quot;hold&quot; meant absolutly nothing. The next day we switched rooms and had to wait in the hall for 20 minutes because one of the doors was broken. When we did get in, the shower didn't work.The check-in lady was rude, a maid swore at us, and the bartender rolled his eyes when I ordered a drink. The buffet was good but it was a hassle to get to. The escalator was broken so we were told to take the elevator. When we got upstairs we had to go back down to buy tickets for the buffet. Then had to elevator back up. Kady's was also good food, a little expensive, and one morning we had a friendly, slow waiter; the next morning we had a quick, rude one. Take your pick I guess.Also if you're coming to party, the money you save is gonna get spent on bus &amp; cab fare anyways.	
May 1 2009 	don't stay here!!	This had to be the worst trip I had ever taken. We checked into the Riviera Hotel in Las Vegas on April 9. I asked for an upgraded room and she said it would be an additional $20.00 per day charge. I decided to pay the extra. I would have hated to see the non-renovated rooms!! It was small and the beds were not queen size but double size. Yellow sheers covered the window (don't think they have made yellow or gold sheers since the 70's). Anyway, after two days I developed a really bad rash on my neck and chest. I talked to the hotel manager and he said he had never had a complaint of anyone having a rash before. Somehow I doubt that, but I gave him the benefit of the doubt. Anyway, he said it could be the spray we use for the bed bugs. I said, &quot;You have bed bugs???&quot; He said we spray for them. He seemed disinterested and told me to go to security and file a complaint. I went to security and there were two men there and neither of them knew what to do. The told me to come back tomorrow or the next day when there was someone else there and maybe they would know what to do. Since I was totally freaked out by what the hotel manager said, I decided to check out and go to a cleaner hotel. We checked out on April 12th in the morning and went to the Lexor. I have not slept a single night since. I wake up feeling like I have bugs crawling all over me. It is horrible.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great value and accomidations for son's 21st birthday in Vegas.	The Riviera offered very reasonable rates. We stayed in the Mediterranean South Tower near the pool. The rooms have been recently renovated and were very nice. The staff was very accommodating. We received our requested King beds and adjoining rooms. The location is near the end of the strip but for a nominal fee we got passes to ride the bus (which runs 24 hrs). We arrived early in Vegas and check in isn't until 3pm. The line can get pretty long so we used a service called VIP Luggage Delivery, www.vipluggagedelivery.com. Our bags were picked up at the airline baggage carousel by VIP, delivered to the hotel and were waiting for us when we checked in. It was really nice to grab a bite, do some gambling and check in a bit later to avoid the lines. My son really enjoyed his 21st birthday and my husband loved winning at the Riviera Casino.	
Apr 16 2009	Good time at the Riv	We had a room in the Monaco tower, it was clean, quiet the bed was comfy, check in was nice and easy. Got free comedy club tickets when we signed up for club Riviera. Sportsbook was kind of lame and the buffet wasnt very good but everything else was great people were friendly.It was nice having the abc store, so you didnt have to pay a fortune or run to 7-11 for stuff...the pool was ok. Casino was not too busy especially in the middle of the night there was hardly anyone in there. Bartenders were friendly. Overall for a cheap place on the strip we were happy with it	
Apr 15 2009 	great hotel	we have been to vegas many times ,in fact we go over at least 3times a year ,we have stayed at the big hotels and they were ok ,but i really enjoyed our stay at the riviera ,the staff were great especially edd at the bar ,the room was great clean and modern with flat screen tv,casino not as big as some of the strip hotels ,but just as good we dont normally stay in the same hotel twice but i would definatlly go back to the riviera great value for money.	
Apr 14 2009 	Never Again	When we arrived there was a long line to check in. No one behind the desk explained to anyone what to do. There were machines there, but who knew how to use them without being told we were suppose to?When finally got checked in we got to our room in Monaco Towers. Nice room, flat screen TV, comfortable beds. However, when left the room on Friday morning for sightseeing, got back to the room and our daughters MP3 player GONE! When my husband told the front desk, they asked how old our daughter was, should that make a difference? By the way, she is 22 years old. Another front desk comment was, couldn't tell us who it could be because they have so many rooms, they don't know what cleaning person could have cleaned the room. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? What, they just pick a room and clean it? They told us we could file a claim with security, but they can almost guarantee that nothing could be done. A claim has been filed, we checked every day but nothing had been followed through. Then, we ate at Kady's Restaurant. Good food, friendly server, however WATCH OUT, they double billed my husbands credit card. WOW, as if you're not spending enough money to eat there, they want to help themselves to some more. The card was specifically being used was for food. We tried to use it at the buffet, but couldn't. That's how we found out that Kady's double billed us. Yet, another headache for my husband to go through.All in all, our recommendation would not to stay there. Best part was Slots of Fun across the street.	
Apr 13 2009 	Upgrade-to a different hotel	Do yourself a favor and just stay somewhere else. This place is old, the location is bad, the buffet is AWFUL and the casino floor is completely dead. Deals are to be had in Vegas, so spend the extra $20 a night and you will be so much happier.	
Apr 13 2009 	Good surprise	Stayed at riviera second week in april, first time staying here, Working in town and hotel was chosen for me, butI have visited before to see comedy. Check in was automated, with lots of kiosks that help you along the way..Still a few humans for help though..I liked the idea, even gives you a choice of room to select from in the different towers. Most of the rooms have been renovated, I usually stay at Bellagio, Mirage, Treasure island or Montecarlo, strip hotels.. when arriving at the room I was very suprised to see the newly renovated room, Flat screen t.v on the wall, nice bedding and linens, pictures on the wall etc, bathroom updated, although some things like the tub and airconditioner are probably the same. Very nice colors and good looking room in general. I was impressed..Not the bellagio, but its suprisingly quiet in the room at night, and was a good value, with the ABC store inside make things alot cheaper than most other hotels.	
Apr 11 2009 	Great value	Stay in the Monaco tower. Those are the remodeled rooms and are very nice. Don't bother with the buffet. We went to the breakfast buffet one day and it was not worth the $. Go across the street to Circus Circus, they have a much better buffet there. Take a couple minutes to get the Players Club card. It's free to get it and you can get discounts in the stores and restaurants. You also get free tickets to one of the shows at the Riviera. Get the bus pass to get around town. The north running bus stops right in front of the hotel and the south running bus is right across the street. It's $3 for one way, $7 for 24 hours and you can get a 3 day pass for $15 if you get it from the ticket booth. You do need exact change to buy a ticket on the bus but not from the booth. The casino is alright. It's not very up to date but it's much quieter than the larger casinos.	
Apr 7 2009 	You get what you pay for.	Well, this isn't the nicest of resorts in Las Vegas. But again, you can find a great price, so it's a give and take. When we went, the lights weren't working outside - a bad sign. The room was a little smelly, and we left feeling underwhelmed. Would not return here, even at the bargain.	
Apr 4 2009 	Unfriendly staff and aggressive bellhops	When we arrived around lunchtime no one was at the front desk and I was told someone would be there later. There was no way to check in. The staff was not very friendly and the hotel charged for the safe and an energy surcharge. Due to our flight out we asked if we could stay in our room for one extra hour and was told they would charge us-even though we had stayed there the whole week. The worst experience was the bellhops who double handle your luggage and demand you tip them right then and there. Example-when we were leaving I asked the bellman to get our luggage from the room and bring it to the taxi. He said that he puts the luggage downstairs and we needed to &quot;take care of him now&quot;. The bellmen at the cab also demanded tips as well as the one who summoned a cab which was just a few feet away. I am heading back to Vegas but have booked reservations with a different hotel. The only plus was the rooms were decent and casino staff friendly.	
Apr 2 2009 	Good value-not kid friendly	The room was very clean. It was one of the updated rooms which cost $10.00 more than the older ones. It was modern, big and had a flat screen TV. We checked in just at 5:00 and once we got settled called for the pool hours-wouldn't you know it but the pool hours were 9-5. So we went in the morning right at 9:00-walked a bit of a way to get to the pool and wouldn't you know it, we're told by the attendant that it's only open 9-10 for adult lap swimming and wouldn't open to kids until 10:00. Twice we had called about information concerning the pool and neither time had we been told about the 9-10 adult only lap swimming time.The arcade had a lot of games (takes tokens), but the food court was almost non-existant. Two restaurants and the rest &quot;soon to be coming&quot;. But for a breakfast value, go to the Philly Steak place.Also, twice we had to call to get our TV to work. When we told the front desk at check out, about the TV and pool issue, they apologized and didn't charge us for the $3.00 or so &quot;hotel energy fee&quot;.Overall a good room for the price, but not too kid friendly as hotels go.	
Apr 1 2009 	worst hotel experience every had	upon arrival there is no one to greet you or tell you how to get to your room,just a machine to check in.when we got to the room was filty,you can tell this place is not cleaned,paint chipping off walls gum was stuck to the baseboard.tile in bathroom was dingy.carpet well dont take your shoes off.this hotel dosent have special parking for its guest any one walking the strip can park there,so if you leave for a while and come back you will not have a parking spot,we had to park at circus circus across the street and try to run across las vegas blvd just to get back to our room.when we complained to front desk and security about not haveing parking they just laughed and said yah its hard .will never ever recommend this place.the soda machine didnt work ,please stay else where you will be happy you did	
Apr 1 2009 	If Hell had a hotel hotel staff it would train them at the Riviera.	I have traveled in some pretty unsavory places, but with the exception of a Coyote motel near the Mexican border, this was without question the worst hotel experience I have ever had. The facility was fine (not fancy by LV standards, but fine...) , but my colleague and I were treated like social pariahs with boogers dangling out of our noses and cancelled credit cards. We were in town for an academic conference in the Riviera Hotel. The check-in desk was understaffed when we arrived at about midnight on a Friday night (the registration line had three switchbacks in it). It took 40 minutes to reach the desk but we finally checked in and were sent to our room --which, importantly, was a in a separate building a good 7 minute walk from the front desk. That's when the fun began. Neither electronic key worked in the room door. I left my colleague standing in the hall with all of our luggage and and a pinched nerve in her back while I returned to the front desk. The line had increased in size from when we had arrived, so I explained my problem to the bellman to see if I could get a new key without standing in line for another 45 minutes. He helped me slip into the manager's station, where I was promptly accused of not knowing how to use an electronic hotel door key in accusing tones (I will grant it was nearing 1:00 a.m., and I'm sure the desk staff has seen its share of drunks and idiots at this hour in Vegas.) After insisting I knew what I was doing, I was issued two more keys.I returned to the room, where, again, neither key worked. By this time my colleague offered to take the long walk to the front desk, while I camped out in the hallway with the luggage. This time, I was NOT given a new key, but was told a security guard would have to check the door to be sure it was operable.So it was the 7 minute walk back up the hallway outside the room, where we waited for the security guard. And waited. And waited. Finally, the guard arrived, slipped in his master key, which worked just fine. He, too, accused us of not knowing how to use electronic keys, so I offered to let hem teach us. To his surprise, he could not get either key to work. How 'bout that?! But at least he let us in the room so we didn't have to camp out with all our crap in the hallway.&quot;So now what,&quot; I asked the guard. &quot;Well, you need to go back down to the desk. I can't help you.&quot;&quot;Can you at least call them and confirm our story so I'm not treated like an idiot or an inconvenience?&quot; &quot;I can try&quot; he said as he left, never to be seen again. So it was back to the front desk AGAIN. After about 15 minutes I returned with our THIRD set of keys, (it was nearing 1:30 a.m. and the line was still ridiculous) and was told that if this one didn't work to call the desk and tell them it didn't work, but just go to bed and have it fixed in the morning. No surprise: key number three did not work either, and when I called the desk as instructed, I was yet again interrogated about my key-using skills.At no point during this 1.5 hour song and dance did even one hotel employee say &quot;I'm sorry&quot; or &quot;we'll fix this for you&quot; or demonstrate any other form of common courtesy-- much less customer service. It was our fault; we were idiots incapable of using their keys.The next morning my colleague and I departed at 6:45 a.m. for an all-day field trip, and, given our jet lag and the late hour of our retirement, decided to deal with the key affair upon our return. We returned to the hotel at 7:00 p.m. that evening, and went straight to the front desk. We talked to the on-call manager, who, I will give the benefit of the doubt, did say &quot;I'm sorry&quot;, and offered to comp us tickets to one of the hotel's shows (which we had both previously observed were the very shows that the &quot;free ticket&quot; hawkers on the Strip were trying to give away to people just to put butts in seats.... clearly not a high demand or high value product.) ANYHOO . . .The manager checked us into a different room, and then called a security guard to meet us at the old room so we could retrieve our luggage. But does the story end? NO! We go to the new room, only to find it TRASHED. Bed linens in a pile, food sitting out on the bureau, the hotel fridge standing wide open. Clearly, we had been checked into a room that had not been serviced. A security guard walked by, and, assuming he was the one sent by the front desk, I asked him to please take a look at the room we had just been checked into. His response, &quot;it's not me--they must have called the other guy.&quot; He wouldn't even look! We called the front desk, to ask to be moved AGAIN, Several minutes later security guard number two arrived, and, before going to our first room to retrieve the luggage, we demanded he look at the condition of the room we had just been checked into. He laughed. He LAUGHED. No &quot;I'm sorry&quot;, no &quot;&quot;that's terrible--let's see what we can do to fix this&quot; just laughter. So after another angry phone call to the front desk, we were checked into a THIRD room, and the bell captain was sent to personally let us into that room and ensure that (a) the keys worked; and (b) the damned thing wasn't trashed.The bell captain was somewhat sympathetic, so I asked him what he would do if he were treated like we were treated by a hotel? He shrugged his shoulders and shook his head.... and then said, &quot;you probably don't want to hear this, but they've been having trouble with the keys lately.&quot; -------------------We were attending a big conference that took over the entire hotel conference center plus space in the nearby convention center. And because I knew the hotel was making BIIIG bucks on that conference, I recounted my tale of woe to the organization's conference manager, who, in turn, repeated it to the hotel's conference manager.The hotel manager later called the room, offered to send up a basket, and to &quot;look in&quot; to taking something off our bill for all of our trouble. And a few hours later a basket outfitted with water and some power bars arrived; but when we checked out, there had been nothing taken off our bill.So, in short, for being (a) accused of incompetent electronic key skills (only to find out the hotel had been experiencing key troubles), (b) checked into a totally trashed room and laughed at by a security guard, and (c) along the way treated like stinky foot odor by the majority of the hotel staff with which we interacted, we were compensated with $10 worth of sundry groceries (oh, yes, and an offer of comped show tickets to our choice of a celebrity impersonator or a drag show that they literally couldn't give away tickets to).	
Apr 1 2009 	An okay experience but we probably won't come back...	When I travel I book almost exclusively with &quot;Expedia.com&quot;. They always have great deals and have never failed me. Until last summer, that is. I won't go into details but they earned back my business by offering me a $150 credit to use however I chose on their site. My wife and I decided to take advantage of that and book a four day trip to Las Vegas. Funds were a bit low so we wanted to use our Expedia credit to pay for the hotel. Because the Riviera was offering rates at $19 a night in September 2008, we booked a four night stay with them using our credit at Expedia. We had paid for the rooms that were a little older but at check in I requested an updated room. They were able to accommodate my request with no additional fee and I was sent on my way to the room. Now, before I get into details about the room I want to mention a couple of things about check in. Yes, they are trying to eliminate front desk clerks and they have several kiosks in place for checking in guests. We did not have to mess with the kiosks, however, and were able to actually have interaction with a real live human being at both check in and check out, so I can't comment on the kiosks. I will say that check in was pretty slow, whether you used the kiosks or spoke with a representative. Also, they have this odd policy where they will give you your keys super early but will not allow you to check in to your room until later in the afternoon. The point of this is to allow you to drop off your luggage in your room and then be on your way. I'm not sure this is the greatest idea because it kind of grossed us out to see our room before the maids had a chance to clean it for us. We dropped off our luggage and found a disheveled room with leftover breakfast and trash littered all over from the previous guests.Anyway, we checked back a few hours later and found our rooms to be clean. I have to say, we were EXTREMELY happy to have been given the updated room because the rooms in the buildings closest to the strip looked severely dated and run down from the pictures we had seen. The room featured all new furnishings, carpet, curtains, a flat panel TV and best of all... an incredible new bed! This was definitely one of the best beds I have ever slept in. The only thing not updated in this room was the shower/tub combination and toilet in the bathroom. Also, half way through our stay they stopped putting tacky and generic shampoo/condtioner/lotion products in our bathroom and began putting in &quot;Bath and Body Works&quot; brand products instead. The only negative I would say about their updated rooms is that they are pretty small but I guess there isn't much they can do about that.Now, the updated room was great. The rest of the casino is the reason we won't be returning... unless we come across a great rate, again. There isn't anything that is necessarily bad about this place but there also isn't anything real great about it, either. The shows look flat out cheesy and low budget. The casino looks like any other low level casino I have seen before. There isn't anything that distinguishes this place or sets it apart. We passed on the restaurants at the &quot;Riviera&quot; but they do have a food court that features a few different famous fast food joints. This was kind of a nice touch for the budget minded but when we ate at the &quot;Quizno's&quot; we found that the prices were hiked up significantly from that of a &quot;Quizno's&quot; you'd find at home or off the strip.If you don't enjoy the casino you're staying at then this end of the strip is no longer for you. Since demolishing the &quot;Stardust&quot;, the &quot;Frontier and &quot;Westward-Ho&quot; there is no longer options for travelers who brave this end of the strip. It's a twenty minute walk to mid-strip from here. We'll return to this end of the strip but it will probably be at &quot;Circus Circus&quot; next time.	
Mar 31 2009 	Definitely Good enough	The room was very clean, big enough, bed was very comfy, flat screen TV, ironing board, hair dryer. Bathroom smallish...I wasn't in my room very much. Food/buffet was very good, good selection, a little pricy, but several cheaper options nearby. The whole hotel was clean, just older. The bus stop was across the street and saved us easily 100 bucks after 4 days. Long walk to rooms, but select the Monaco Tower...that was where I stayed w nice view on 46th floor...Management/staff was helpful and friendly. I got in here for such a great price, so I wasn't expecting very much, but still got great value. Buffet was a bit pricy, but that seemed to be a common thread everywhere. I recommend the buffet at the Wynn and Cravings buffet at the Mirage, if you're a glutton and don't mind spending 25 bucks. There is no reason you cannot be satisfied at The Riviera and I would definitely stay there again. There are obviously more expensive trendier options closer to the middle of the strip...however some of those weren't even as nice and DEFINITELY not as clean. The casino is huge, w a billion slots but doesn't get very crowded. I didn't gamble much there. I have no complaints, just would have preferred FREE INTERNET, FREE GYM and not to have to pay for a room safe. There was a 3.81 energy surcharge per day, The gym was 23 bucks for 3 days and internet 26 bucks for 3 days...big deal... I never let the maid into my room. I had plenty of towels to last 4 days, and didn't care if my bed was made.	
Mar 29 2009 	Nothing wrong w/ the Riviera but doubt I'd stay here again	Having never been to Las Vegas before, and not being a gambler (came for a show), this hotel was not the place for me. Again, can't say there was anything wrong, per se, w/ this hotel: the rooms were clean, the pool was clean, and the staff was friendly and helpful, but this place is better suited to the person who appreciates LV for the gambling and not the spectacle. It's a quite a ways down the &quot;new&quot; strip and all the goes with it.	
Mar 27 2009 	Wonderful time	We arrived about noon and were able to check right in. We were ia a smoking room. Our room was large, comfortable and very clean. We went to the Tickets for Tonight booth which is just south of the hotel. We were able to get tickets for Legends in Concert, Harrah's buffet, and the Titiankc exhibit all for about half price. A great deal.We rode the deuce and getting around was easy. The stops are just outside the casino.We ate twice at the hotel's breakfast buffet and were very impressed. The omelets are great and the staff was friendly. This was our first trip to Vegas in years, and we can't wait to go back. We will gladly stay at the Riviera again.	
Mar 26 2009 	Big Clean Room Nice stay overall	Checked in about 10pm. 2 nights comped with a $25 F&amp;B credit. From what I understand, the newly remodled rooms are non-smoking, so I got a Monte-Carlo smoking room. These rooms have not been remodled but are huge and nice and clean. I have stayed in these before back when they were called deluxe rooms, and have always liked the size and cleaniness of them. The asian place they had in there was good. Nothing fantastic, but good. I had the curry chicken. Actually had big chunks of real chicken. Room service was great. Terrific french toast! Overall, the Riviera is a nice clean hotel in a sparse area of the strip.	
Mar 19 2009	Free... and still wouldn't go there again	The Riviera offered two free nights to travel agents, so I went and took my mom. Both of us are seasoned travelers. We were going for 4 nights but instead of just staying and paying for the other 2 nights at the Riviera, we decided to mix it up a bit and stayed there the first two free nights and then changed to the Treasure Island for the last 2 nights (paid.) THANK GOODNESS! The Riviera was horrible. There was only 1 guy working in the main valet and he was very rude. He yelled at me each and every time I went to get the car or bring it back. He was horrible. The check-in process was very slow and when we were finally helped, I was told that their systems were down so that was the reason. They're not used to having actual people check guests in - they use a computer system for guests to check themselves in that seems to break down often and when it does they told me it can take hours to check-in so maybe we were lucky with our 1 hour wait? If you have some free-items included in your room rate, you'll &quot;miss&quot; getting them with this computer-ized check-in. I got free show tickets, but my co-worker didn't because she used the computer to check-in.On the plus side, we were in the newly renovated room which was really nice and we had a pool view which was ok (not strip, but ok). However, my co-worker had gone 2 weeks earlier and her room had a view of the side and top of another building and large fans. Ick! Why did they redo the back building instead of the one on the strip? But, again, how much time are you spending in the room in Vegas? They could've spent some of that money on the casino and show rooms - because they were both run-down-scary and o-l-d. The comedy club had good comedians but was gross inside. The casino gave me the creeps and I would be uncomfortable being there playing alone as a woman.The location isn't great - there's construction nearby and it's so far down the strip that you really need to take the bus or a cab to get to any other casinos except Circus-Circus and it's gross too. The hotel food options were weird and not advertised either correctly (times and locations) or in obvious places (nowhere in the room). My mom is in her 60's and she normally stays at Best Western-type hotels and is *not* picky - but even she said she wouldn't stay at the Riviera again. When we changed rooms over to the Treasure Island it really hit us - what a difference! I would rather pay for a room at the Treasure Island than stay for free at the Riviera. By the way - the cost difference for the two nights we paid for (regular rate, not a travel agent rate) was only about $20 more per night at the TI and we had a strip view and an amazing room, awesome valet service, concierge service, and checkin was a snap. Not to mention the updated and clean casino and awesome pool.Pay the extra, stay somewhere nice. There are several nice options out there to choose from in LV and hotels are offering deals these days. The woman that put on her review that she preferred the Riviera to the Bellagio is a lunatic. It's like preferring a Motel 6 to a JW Marriott.ps - If you go to Vegas, go see LOVE at the Mirage. It is hands-down the best show in town, worth every penny - and any seat is good, no need to go for the most expensive.	
Mar 11 2009 	Absolutely Excellent - Would book again in a minute!!!	This was my 4th trip to Vegas. I've stayed at the Imperial, Excalibur and Mandalay prior to this trip. We travelled to Vegas on a business/personal trip. For the business portion of the trip, we were put up in the Bellagio Hotel. While it was quite fancy - it's not my kind of place. For the peronsal portion of the trip, we decided to book at the other end of the strip at the Riviera (after reading relatively positive reviews here). We LOVED it there. We are both under 40 (barely!) and while I agree the crowd is on the older side (60s), the atmosphere is fantastic, so friendly and fun-loving (people dancing in the middle of the casino to the singer). The tables were cheap and very easy to get on to and the waitresses were extremely quick with the free beers, at the video poker or at the blackjack table (sometimes coming around before we were even done our last one).The room was exceptionally clean, new rugs, new bathrooms and very nice beds with down duvets and tons of pillow. The flat screen TV was nice (which the Bellagio did not have). We too faced some of the contruction, but were never woken by any noise from them (or anything else for that matter). The room service was quick and very friendly.The buffet was my biggest beef with this hotel, there wasn't alot of healthy choices. There is lots of food, but it was mostly fried and it didn't taste bad, but I do prefer to be able to eat grilled fish or chicken with steamed vegetables. The plus side is that you get a free beer or margarita with your dinner buffet. That aside, you can always choose another buffet to eat at....The location is on the northern end of the strip, which suited us just fine (having stayed at mostly at the southern end prior to this trip). It is very close to the Fashion Mall and a shorter cab ride to the Premier Outlet Mall (A MUST for shoppers).If you like to play tables, Slots Of Fun is across the street and has extremely cheap blackjack tables ($3 and up) and quick waitresses.I would (and plan to) stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat!	
Mar 10 2009 	I'd stay here again in a heartbeat with no problem	Before I stayed here I read the reviews &amp; I was a bit scared, now that I am home, I dont understand what all the fuss is about. We stayed in connecting rooms in the Monaco Tower, Rms 5247 &amp; 5249. The rooms were very clean, neat, great view of the strip, beds were VERY COMFY. The night desk service was great, thanks to Carl, Willie &amp; Toni (who changed our room with no problem to connecting rooms when we asked if the connecting room next to my room was available). Room service was on time, the bell guys were on time and great help when needed, great valet, great taxi service, not to far from the downtown strip. I had NO PROBLEM with anyone trying to sell me anything or being too pushy, one guy under the escalator by the ABC store asked a few times to try some product, a &quot;no thank you&quot;, was plenty. We played a few machines downstairs &amp; got paid out $50.00 we won. We had breakfast in the buffet across the street at Circus Circus which was great, there is also a Denny's two blocks away, along with a Ross and Walgreens for last minute shopping if you forgot anything. Other than the freezing cold weather, we had a great time and the Riviera was perfect for our budget, we actually were delighted after EVERY HORROR story we read. One HUGE suggestion: DO NOT GO SEE THE Chris Angel Show..WASTE OF MONEY!!	
Mar 10 2009 	Nice Rooms helpful and friendly staff we will likely be back.	Booked through a US Airways vacation package. Check-in with the kiosk couldn't have been easier but there was also a very helpful front desk worker who assisted our friends. I read other reviews that made me leery but there was no problem. Our room was renovated, nice shower, comfortable bed, flat panel t.v. and fridge. The toiletries are all Bath &amp; Body works...nice. The staff was friendly and helpful everywhere we went throughout the casino, the shops, restaurants or buffet. We tried the buffet for lunch and breakfast and the coffee shop Kady's for dinner and a late snack. It was very good. The casino is not newly renovated but it is not bad. The size of the hotel is not enormous which was good for us, we could get back and forth to our room pretty quickly. Vegas generally is quite down with the economy and this end of the strip was kind of seedy, especially by Circus Circus. The best times we spent were at our hotel. The downside: there was a daily fee for the in room safe and a daily energy charge but likely every hotel has to charge it...look at those lights! We enjoyed the Riviera, it was a great value and we will likely return again in the future.	
Mar 4 2009 	Suite deal great service attention to detail	Stayed Friday through Tuesday, Race weekend, upgraded to a beautiful suite (Thank You Kathy,xoxo, front desk) room was GREAT...beds were comfy, shower was good and hot, view was amazing, Enjoyed Ron, and Dean in valet, Mitch and Wasi at the buffet, The Riv's employees have been with the company for years, (Mitch for 37 to be exact) This to me, says alot about the origanization in a forever changing town, I was glad to have taken the time to talk to the employees, the stories they shared added to the ambience of Vegas. The slots are user friendly, played for quite a while on $20.00, the buffet food needs an overhaul, not my choice for re-fueling, the cafe was a better choice. I wanted to stay (just once) at the Riv, so I could say &quot;I stayed there&quot; It's a landmark, a piece of Vegas history.	
Mar 3 2009 	Next Time I Won't Book Through Expedia	I went with friends to stay at the Riviera Hotel and Casino Feb 26 - Mar 2 2009. I had booked the hotel through Expedia.com, after they recommended Riviera. What a mistake. The bad things: we are in our early 30s and there was a much older crowd staying at the Riviera. It was not a convenient location as I had hoped it would have been. The service of the front desk and others was not the best service. The rooms that were reserved for us happened to change upon arrival due to expedia reserving two rooms with king size beds and we needed two rooms with two beds in each. We went to the buffet and we all thought it was gross and refused to eat there anymore. The casino and hotel both need some drastic updating on everything from decor, customer service, attire, rooms, elevators, and the list goes on and on. I will not stay at the Riviera again and I will not recommend it to others. Good luck to you if you decide to stay here.	
Feb 26 2009	Somewhat Disappointed	My sister and I decided to stay at the Riviera Hotel &amp; Casino on this year's trip to Las Vegas. On previous trips, we stayed at the Imperial Palace and Circus Circus. We tend to select those hotels that are less expensive, and basically, know what we are paying for. The hotel itself was very nice. We used the kiosk check-in service where we were able to select the area of the hotel where we wanted to stay. That sped up the check-in process . . . we didn't have to wait in any lines. However, while checking in, we unintentially listened in on a conversation between the hotel front desk employee and a customer. The front desk employee asked the customer a question, the customer responded, then the front desk employee &quot;went off&quot; on the customer for being &quot;mean&quot; as she put it. Those around thought it was very uncalled for.Our room was on floor 51 and looked out over the construction that was going on next door. We thought this would be a problem since construction went on all night long. We were pleasantly surprised. We barely heard any loud noises during the night. When we entered our room, we were pleased with it's appearance. The two beds held multiple pillows and were very comfortable. The flat screen tv was a nice addition. The carpet was clean and not worn. The bathroom was very clean. I do have a complaint about the constant &quot;harrassment&quot; from the girl trying to sell lotion from one of the stores. Everytime we walked by her, whether it was multiple times within a few minutes or later in the day, she would step in front of us and ask &quot;can I ask you something?&quot;. This got very annoying. Complaining at the front desk, did no good.The casino was nice. The slot machines were older . . . with not a lot of the newer ones available. I would agree with other reviewers . . . payouts were not good!! We had better luck at Slots of Fun across the street. We were very disappointed with the removal of the $40.00 slot play for $20.00 that the Riviera offered in the past. The last few years on our visit, my sister and I have played and &quot;won&quot; a few things. We had so much fun, we were looking forward to doing it again this year. When I went on line, to look for any available coupons, most places still had coupons for the $20.00 slot play. Other advertisements on the internet also had the $20.00 slot play available. When we arrived at the Riviera, there was a large sign at the front entrance that also offered the $20.00 slot play. We were so excited, we entered the casino, walked over to the area where the offer the slot play, and immediately noticed that all the slot machines were gone. We asked an attendant and she said, it was shut down some time ago. We asked why they still advertised, and she didn't have an answer.Overall, our stay was very good. We had a great time and would probably stay at the Riviera again, if the price is right!!	
Feb 25 2009 	A Wolf in Sheep's Clothing is still a wolf.	You can try to hide how dilapidated a hotel is in pictures of newly furnished rooms, but it is still an old hotel with outdated amenities.Walk into the elevator at the parking garage and you can see how old it is by the difficulty it has balancing its weight and leveling itself when you get in. It's quite dirty and old looking too. The halls stepping into the hotel look old and look even older as you get closer to your room. I stayed in Room 4222. No view as it was so low. Had a building just under my window. I could open it and walk out on the roof o the hotel's shops below. The window was locked by a flimsy thumb squeeze latch that looked like a skillfully placed credit card could be used to open it from the outside. The window was so thin it let in the airport sounds. And it was only a half window. He other half of that wall was hidden behind a pillar and disguised by a curtain in the room. (Without a window behind it.)The whole hotel room shook at 11pm and at 5am as planes from McCarran Airport (LAS) flew overhead. Truly felt many were going to hit the hotel but didn't care because at least it would force the hotel to renovate the infrastructure as opposed to trying to mask it's age by buying duvet covers and new furniture and a small flat screen for the room. Even the room key card looked small and chintzy.Talking to the hotel manager was like talking to a brick wall. Nothing was offered to help with the pain in staying there. No coupons, discounts to shows, or the buttet. A &quot;sorry, but I can't / won't help you&quot; attitude was given to me. Her expression was in agreement though that it was a $h!tty hotel because of the noise and view, etc. She even informed me that all the rooms were like that and that all the rooms were half windowed like that. I feel like she was bending the truth a little because when you hear them saying, &quot;We can't because of the high occupancy...,&quot; then you know they're lying because they say that all too often to be true.Sure they spent money on the looks of the room, but when you're tired before you sleep and can't get rest from getting woken up constantly from planes that you're tired on the morning after and on the drive home, you aren't going to be in good touring or driving condition later.I would rather a hotel be quiet and safe than flashy.They gave you Bah and Body Works products in the bathroom. It had a lighted heated mirror. Heated in the center so it wouldn't fog up. Light was actually in the glass of the mirror. New hardware for the bathroom too. The hangers for the towels and such.	
Feb 25 2009 	Hidden Fees EVERYWHERE	Booked trip with Expedia from Tuesday Feb 17th to Feb 23rd 2009. Travelling to Vegas with US Airways and returning with Air Canada. No where on Expedia does it state that US Airways charges for luggage. They do, be aware. First bag $ 25 Second bag $15. Now about the hidden fees at Riviera. Uppon check-in, was told that there is a $3.50 each day charge for the safe. Also told that there is a &quot;Energy Surge Charge&quot; of $3.50 per day ( So I guess they expect you to stay in the hotel room in the dark, so bring candles if your staying here).......yes I am being sarcastic here, but these charges are for real. As for the hotel itself, the rooms were musty smelling. Shower / toiler water pressure very very low, so you may have to flush a couple times after you eat a big meal. In addition, when walking outside in this area of the strip, it does not feel safe. You will see homeless people and strange locals lingering around. As a selling feature, Riviera advertises that they have a food court, some food court. There are two stands open. Everything else was closed down / out of business. Also, lost two dollars on the pop vending machine.Leaving Vegas flight was at 11:00 PM. So dropped luggage in holding area, figuring we would pick up at 8:00 PM and take shuttle to airport. However, luggage porter Mike D did not inform us that the shuttle to McCarran Airport stops running at 6: PM. Between panic and the big inconvenience, we found another way to the airport. Slots downstairs at Riviera were very tight. No machines paying out ( clearly indicated by only one person working at the cashier cage). Went to several other casinos ( Bills, O'shea's, Circus Circus, Slots of Fun, MGM, Luxor and Freemont Street, same thing, no machines paying out.) This was our second trip to Vegas and may very well be our last.	
Feb 24 2009 	Outdated regardless of so-called renovations!	We stayed at the Riviera over Valentine's weekend 2009. The hallways were dark and the elevators were down most of our stay. The so-called renovated room had very low water pressure and the bathroom sink did not drain correctly. The problem was reported our first night and by our last night the it was still not rectified. There is no free wi-fi. We paid for access for a day and we kept getting knocked off of the Lodgenet Network. On a sidenote the airport has free wi-fi. The location on the strip was the only real positive. We were able to walk to most locations. We would not stay in this hotel again even if we were given the stay for free. While we enjoyed our time in Vegas the Riviera had nothing to do with that!	
Feb 21 2009 	Wow! I did not expect this!?	After reading some of the reviews about the Riviera, I was getting buyers remorse thinking what was I thinking, I knew I would &quot;get what I paid for&quot; For once, I have to say, I got MORE then I expected.We'll make this review strait to the point.Good things about staying here:VERY nice rooms, Flat screen tv, nice carpet, 6 plush pillows, desk, Pillow top mattress, nice linens, definitely felt safe. (by the way, I stayed in the Monaco Tower, 13th floor, YES 13th (Its labled 53, but TRUST me, get off the elevator and you will see the sign for 13th floor.) Now for the &quot;not so good things about it&quot;$3.50 charge for energy (per night, no way around it)$3.50 charge per day for in room safe, you lock it, your charged $10.99 Breakfast buffet - 12.99 for lunch, NO DINNER Buffet. Price isn't really that bad, but no dinner buffet?? Hmmm$1.00 Charge for using the in room phone per every 800 # YEAH Even 800 numbers$10.00 per day for using the weight room.$7.00 for up to 20 min in a tanning bed, WOMEN ONLY$10.99 for up to 24 hours of internet (HAVE to have CC)Pool was closed - Not sure why, it was fullCustomer service at check in needs an attitude adjustment BAD! (everyone else is eh, ok)	
Feb 17 2009 	Hotel a great value - hawkers need to be kicked out	Check in with the kiosk and select the Monaco tower for a room that is nicely updated. Room was quiet and clean, tub and bathroom door and heat/AC were older but everything else was very nice. Location is close to the &quot;Deuce&quot; shuttle bus (now costs $3 for one ride or $7 for a 24 hour pass despite what the sign boards at every bus stop say). Hey Vegas, change the signs when you jack up the bus fare!Worst aspect was having to walk past the (Russian or Eastern European) hawkers of hand lotion or other items in the corridor of shops near the buffet escalator. They tried to stop us every time we walked by. The Tahiti Village time share people grabbed us as soon as we checked in, also annoying.	
Feb 6 2009	Props to the Riviera!	We stayed at the riviera for 5 nights over SuperBowl Weekend. Our room was in the Monaco Tower and absolutey beautiful- Room 5906. Price was super reasonable &amp; transportation to the main strip was easy on the Bus Duece right in front of hotel. Friendly staff &amp; waitresses, note that the superbowl party hosted by Riviera was intended for VIP riviera card holders only (we thought we would be able to attend as a regular guest - got a little attitude from front desk manager stating &quot;well you booked on travelocity&quot;. Buffet was not open for everymeal - a little inconvenient, although prices were reasonable and Kady's coffee shop had amazing food - T-Bone Steak, salad, veg, bread &amp; potatoe for 12.99!! They had late night specials too! We ended up watching the superbowl (and spending some of our gambling budget) at Stratosphere ROMANCE BAR which is in the restaurant that overlooks Las Vegas -Could not have asked for more. Because we bought drinks there we did not have to pay the $14 fee to go up! Riviera lost out on that one. Well we had an amazing trip and would absolutely go back to Riviera - Even though the location is a little bit away from the action, transportation was so easy and the price was incredible - Thanks Riviera!	
Jan 24 2009 	Great Homebase to Explore Vegas	For those not familiar, yes this hotel is dated. It is a holdover from Vegas past, but I thought of it more as retro cool and historic than out of style. If you want the newest, hottest, or trendiest, steer clear of this hotel. A huge advantage of this property is access. A Deuce bus stop is right outside the main casino entrance, and 1 block east is a stop for RTC bus 108 on Paradise Road which goes directly to McCarran airport. The closest monorail stop is two blocks away at the Hilton.Check-in was no problem at the automated kiosk, I clocked in at under 5 minutes. The website mentions refurbished rooms, and I must have gotten one (#746 in the north tower) because it was pretty clean with a new TV and everything worked. Apart from a very weird stain on my chair, everything looked sanitary. The in-room AC and shower both produced quick heat which are my pet peeves. I came into my room once while housekeeping was there, and the attendant made me prove the room was mine by swiping my key which impressed me.The casino is cool, but nothing special. I didn't use any of the other facilites or see any shows so I can't give this one five stars. If you're looking for a low cost, basic, safe place to crash while conquering Vegas the Riv may be worth your time.	
Jan 23 2009 	An outdated hotel to avoid	We stayed at the Riviera because of attending a show in the hotel but will look for another next year. Shower would go from hot to cold every time we used it. There wasn't a coffee pot in the room (hotel policy) and coffee bars were a long way from our room and they had long lines. The fan and air were very noisy and if we opened the window there were at least 6 spot lights outside and trucks backing up all night long.The restaurants had long lines and unless you can plan to make reservations find a restaurant someplace else. The snack bars were expensive and always had long lines. Everything in the hotel is far from everything. To check in, we had to go between three long distances, back and forth, up and down, and even more if you want valet parking or a bell cap. Last year we stayed at the Hilton, and it was great, especially as it is on the monorail that goes down the strip, so will consider it next year.	
Jan 22 2009 	Good Hotel	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel from Dec 28/08 till Jan 4th/09We booked this hotel simply cause it was a good price and although down towards the end of the strip was still a good location as far as i'm concerned. The new renovated rooms were actually very nice, the beds were comfortable the view was ok and the bathroom was kinda small but served its purpose.The Casino was very smokey beware of this, however you will end up getting used to it and pretty much not even notice it until you get into the shower later in the evening.Check in was a breeze, we used the atm style thing cause there were close to a hundred people in line waiting to check in. Check out was just as simple with the online tv check out system.Over all I would recommend this hotel if you on a budget and don't mind walking or taking the deuce up and down the strip!	
Jan 22 2009	Large clean room comfortable beds	Stayed Jan 5 and 6 with large tour group. Nice room with small refrigerator which was a plus. No in-room coffee pot. Had to go downstairs and pay $3 for a cup. Kady's cafe very high priced and from what we heard from others on the tour, not very good. A really nice Asian restaurant with reasonable pricing is available. Found out that coffee there was ONLY $2.69 but a larger container than other places there. Location isn't the greatest, it's about a 20-30 minute walk to get to the major places like Mirage, MGM etc. or you can buy a 24 hour bus pass for $5.	
Jan 21 2009 	Room Location and Price: All Proportionate	It’s Las Vegas time for us yet again! In the ongoing quest to stay in as many hotels on the Las Vegas strip as we possibly can, we decided it was time to get out of our comfort zone which is the southern end of the strip and work the extreme opposite. The Riviera Hotel and Casino, located at the north end of the strip, offered such an opportunity.If you’ve read any of my other reviews, this hotel is most equivalent to the Tropicana located on the southern end of the strip, and both are equal distances from the center strip area. That being the case, we decided not to take any chances on room selection. Last time being overly cheap landed us a room in the middle of March with no A/C. So we decided to take the high road and sidestep the Standard room and go straight for the Premier Deluxe King room for only about $15.00 per night more. It was more than worth it!Our room was located in the Mediterranean Tower on the sixth floor. It offered a respectable view of Las Vegas BLVD, also the rooftop pool area that was located beneath us. The view was only enhanced by the enormous windows in the room. These windows had to be about four feet by eight feet wide, large enough to illuminate the whole room with ease. There was a nice flat screen TV and a desk area, along with a king size bed that was incredibly comfortable. My girl and I slept the entire first day on that bed! The bed was pushed all the way to the back wall which allowed a huge space between the television and the bed. There was also a little vanity area with an ottoman and mirror that my girl was quite excited about and put to good use. The bathroom was pretty tiny however. If bathroom space is an issue for you, you may want to consider another room, because this was perhaps the smallest I’d ever seen! In a word, “CLAUSTRAPHOBIA!”The self check-in machines were new to us, but at least there were people on hand to answer any questions. I had prepaid for the Premier room so I didn’t expect there to be a problem. However the company I booked through had put us down for two double beds. The employee behind the desk could see that we were a couple and preferred a king bed, and she promptly had it changed by the time I was through checking in. Very helpful, no fuss, no muss.Personally, I’d say the Riviera would be ideal for people looking to relax and sleep in. The buffet was cheap and close by, or you can go to any one of half a dozen eateries that are directly across the street. Feel free to take your food back to your room and chill-in.Should you feel like stretching your legs however, it took my lady and I about 30 minutes to walk from The Riviera to the center strip area with loads more dining options. There is also a stop for the Deuce (the ever popular double-decker buses that run up and down the strip) directly outside should you want to venture in to belly of the beast.BUYER BEWARE: Upon check out, there was an energy surcharge of $3.50 per night charged to our room! I hadn’t heard anything about this from either the check-in staff nor the company through which I booked. I wasn’t a big deal really, but a little heads up would have been appreciated. Oh well, call it something to remember for next time. Plus I’m sure, in today’s economy, this will soon become a more common charge to see.Overall, I’d give the Riviera a solid 7.0. It was neither a great nor a horrible hotel to stay in. We were looking for a low budget hotel close enough to the strip that we could go see the sights, yet inexpensive enough so we could have a good time too. The Riviera lived up to all of those things, however I don’t think I’d stay there again. Next time I think we’ll hold out for something a little better and just pay the extra dough. But if you’re looking for a good time on a budget, the Riviera delivers!	
Jan 21 2009 	Fabulous Holiday!!!!	Stayed at the Riv december 24th- 31st 2008!! We had an awesome holiday!!Was a bit worried about the hotel after reading previous reviews but have no major complaints. Yes the check in staff are slow, but we saw the same problem at every hotel! We got an upgraded room which was gorgeous!!! You get what you pay for, if you want a luxury hotel then stay at a luxury hotel and pay top dollar!! Vegas isnt the type of holiday where u spend all your time in your hotel so i really dont get what people are complaining about! You use your hotel as a base to explore Las Vegas!!!Have no complaints at all about our holiday! Only thing I would say is I would be less likely to saty at the Riv during the summer months as the pool area is pretty small for the amount of rooms there is!	
Jan 19 2009 	The "Riv" is the perfect place to stay	My wife, Lisa, recieved a mailer from the Riviera back in September, as she is an avid gambler and past patron of the Westward HO. She has been to Vegas 14 times and has stayed at 8 different hotels. Most of those times, she has been gracious enough to take me, her husband. She had gambled in the past at the Riv but we had never stayed there until Friuday January 16, 2009 thru Monday January 19, 2009. The staff and management were great! We were registered early and without incident. The rooms had been recently remodeled and we found them to be neat, clean and very, very appealing. We ate most of our meals at most of their restauraunts and we found them to also have a great staff and excellent food. The cocktail waitresses were always available and pleasant in the gaming area and the entertainer singer &quot;Mark&quot; also added a pleasant and enjoyable experience in and around the slots. We also enjoyed the Commedy Club and the La Cage show at the Riviera. I have been to La Cage twice and wife wife has enjoyed it 3 times. We can't say enough good things about te Riviera! We were humbled by their hospitality and thoroughly impressed with the accomodations. I highly recommend the Riviera for its accomadations, staff and location. Thank you Riviera!	
Jan 18 2009 	Very Nice Older Hotel - It Was A Bargain - Would Stay Again.	We stayed the second week of Nov 08 and had a very nice room that was obviously recently renovated. The room was not large, but we didn't go to Vegas to stay in our room. Had a nice LCD TV and very comfortable bed. The hotel had a promotion for free breakfast or lunch buffet, just had to join their club (free) and show your airline tix (don't need to be a hotel guest for this). We took advantage of the breakfast just before heading home and found the food to be very good. Found that the slots were loose. Actually made some $ from the casino in this hotel! I would not hesitate to stay a the Riviera again, especially at the low rates we paid.	
Jan 17 2009 	Refurbished rooms are a plus	Got a deal - 3 nights free and a 4th night for 1/2 price with the total cost being $21.80. Can't pass on a deal like that!Stayed in the Monaco Tower - room 5342 which had a fridge, safe and flat screen TV. The downside was the view, consisting of some other building. I believe the odd number rooms may give you a view of the pool, but not 100% sure.It was pretty deserted during my stay and quite a few times I was playing Pai Gow and 3 card poker by myself. Not the usual pattern when there on a weekend.They removed nickel heaven (slot machines, etc) and replaced it with their sportsbook. An OK sportsbook, but nothing spectacular. They have a few betting kiosks (tied to Leroy's) that had the next week lines come out Sunday evening. A plus if you are leaving early Monday before the lines are posted on the boards.The buffet was closed down and Kady's was offering to take any comped buffet offers, only good up to the price of the buffet. The pit bosses were still offering buffet comps, oblivious the thing was closed LOL.I got there on a Thursday night - checked in with a live person, I'm not even sure if the kiosks were working or because it was slow so the clerks were just checking everyone in.If you have a car and get a decent rate it is the place to go as the major casinos are about a 20 minute walk away. The bus is another option. On an unrelated note, Slots of Fun still had some cash in/cash out slots so if you like the feel of coins being returned that is the spot.I didn't see any full pay poker machines anywhere. I'm afraid they went out when the Westward Ho was closed up ;-(Back to the Monaco rooms - you can walk through the casino to get to them - most walk by the pool to access it which is fine when the weather is nice, but during the times when it is pouring out the 'secret route' is the way to go.Pros: Refurbished roomsCons: Location	
Jan 6 2009 	Great Launching Pad for the Bus	I read about how the Riviera was old, but I also read that they renovated the rooms in 2005. This was obviously true as I had a very nice room. I stayed in the Monaco tower( non-smoking room) , and was happily impressed. Lcd tv, but who watches tv in vegas? Surprised by a fridge in the cabinet. Nice for a diet coke as a morning wake me up. Best things: The bus (or Deuce) stop was right in front of the hotel leading to downtown(fremont) and the other stop leading to the deeper part of the strip was right across the street in front of slots of fun( circus circus). The price to stay at the riviera was very inexpensive compared to the other hotels, and I was only a busride away to ANY of them. Less than best things: checking in could have been better, but it wasn't too bad. Overall, I say, for the price, the Riviera is a great place to stay!!!	
Jan 5 2009	Don't Stay At The Riviera	Our experience at the Riviera was terrible from the moment we checked in. The staff we encountered were all extremely rude. They make you check in with a computer while a person stands there and tells you what to do. Why the hell can't the person just check you in, it couldn't possibly take longer. Then we ordered room service for a nice romantic breakfast, which was already extremely overpriced, for the quality of the hotel, in my opinion. After about a half hour I called to check on my order, after a mocking apology my order was finally delivered. However, the room service guy actually opened our room and came inside without even knocking. I couldn't believe it, and to top it off the food was as cold as can be, we decided to go out instead. When I went to the front desk to complan about the service they dismissingly said that they would relay my comments to the room service staff so they could &quot;take them into consideration.&quot; But, it didn't stop there, when I went to check out I noticed that they had charged me twice for the room service! And even after explaining the situation they basically called me a liar and forced me to pay for it! Do yourself a favor and DO NOT STAY AT THE RIVIERA, I WILL NEVER AGAIN.	
Jan 4 2009 	Bed Bug Nightmare	We checked into room 1715 in the Monte Carlo tower for Christmas weekend. When we first got into our room it had a musty odor and looked very dated. I called the front desk to ask for a remodeled room and was told they were booked solid and had no other rooms. I thought to myself ok I will give this room a chance. On the last day of our 2 day stay I noticed about 25 bites on my body. I didn't think much of it until I arrived back home and my mother said those are bed bug bites. So I went onto the internet to see what bed bug bites look like and sure enough my bites looked exactly like the pictures. I travel about once a month and have never had bed bug bites in my life. I sure hope I didn't bring them home with me. So far so good. One last thing, bed bug bites are nasty.	
Jan 3 2009 	Decent stay at the Riviera	We booked a standard room, but managed to get upgraded to a &quot;petite suite&quot; in the Monaco Tower. Our room was very spacious and nicely decorated. The bed was wonderfully comfy with nice bedding. Another positive thing was the fast elevators. We probably never waited for more than 30 seconds for the elevator, and it was a quick ride to the lobby (more time for gambling!). We enjoyed a free show at the Comedy Club and a comped lunch buffet (we joined Club Riviera and did the $40 for $20 slots deal). There were an abundance of gift shops in our tower and all around the property. Most of the staff we dealt with were very friendly and helpful...only a couple seemed a bit grumpy. The pool area looked very nice, but it was closed for the season. Now for the not so good.....the water pressure and temperature in the shower were pretty hard to control, the service at Kadys Coffee Shop was poor, and the food only average. Jitters coffee (near the main lobby area) had horrible coffee (if you like gas station coffee, you'll be fine here). The location is a bit far North on the quieter side of the strip, and a fair walk to get anywhere exciting. If you can brave a very crowded bus, I recommend hopping on The Deuce for affordable (but kinda slow) travel for when you tire of all the walking. Overall our suite was awesome, but it lacked bar stools for the bar area (would have been a nice touch), a microwave and housecoats--which are things one might expect in a suite. We were definately pleased, but not so sure we'll stay again--mainly due to the location.	
Dec 27 2008 	Not bad	Booked on Vegas.com- Was the cheapest.  Casino smokey but newly renovated rooms were nice for the price. After first night beds were made by housekeeping and new towels left but floors/carpet left alone and toiletries not replenished. (and we tipped daily) Wish there was a coffee maker in room. Oh well. Staff was pleasant to me but I did hear check in desk woman being rude with others. Why? On another note- buffets- Rio used to be so yummy- this time it was way overpriced (Christmas) and really BAD. Main Street Station downtown however was great! (and comparitively cheap).	
Dec 26 2008 	The worst hotel ever in my entire life. Stay away.	It is a bit to late to write review, but I feel compelled to tell my story about 2 years ago, when I stayed at Riviera with my soon-to be my husband. We might have been exceptionally unlucky, but what this hotel did to us was completely unethical, I still cannot believe it. When I got to the hotel, I already didn't like it because it was stuffy and the room had weird smell, but that was NOT the reason I warn people to stay away.It was 2nd night, we were very tired of sightseeing, gambling, and we just wanted to go back to the room to sleep. We went to the door and then the key-card wouldn't work. We were puzzled so went down to the front desk. To our surprise, the stuff said &quot;oh, you had been checked out&quot;. We were like &quot; no, we didn't&quot;. Let me tell you, it was after midnight-our bags and cloths and everything were in that room, it was impossible that we had actually checked out. Stuff went to the back room for long time and came back to show us the paperwork-there was my husband(soon-to-be) forged signature agreeing to check out.It still didn't make sense, if we wanted to check out for no reason, shouldn't we charged for cancellation fee? It was after midnight, we just wanted to get to the room to fall sleep, it just didn't make sense. The stuff kept going back to the back room (for good 15min and more at a time)-we were completely stranded at the smokey casino area, completely confused. Did we do something wrong??Then we noticed, there were other people in the same situation as we were. Those were big family coming from most likely china, including very old grand parents with small kids. I couldn't believe that hotel was doing to them, more than to us. More surprising thing was, their case was worse than us. Our bags were still in the room, theirs were NOT! in the hallway-I've heard them talking. The hotel put their belongings out of the room !!The hotel didn't refer nor help us finding other hotels either, just kept sticking to their story. At some point, probably sometime between 2 and 3 in the morning, we gave up and decided to drive back to LA, we didn't want to even stay in Vegas anymore. The security guys(two of them) escorted us to the room to pick stuff up. We were completely exhausted and angry.After all we didn't manage to get to LA, we stayed in one of the hotel in the border. I kept their forged signature paperwork with me to sue them anytime- I just wonder what happened to another family sometime. It was just wrong.Again, this is an incident, hopefully it doesn't happen often, but I am assuming that hotel got some kind of group reservation from big tourists or something, and desperately needed rooms or something. I don't know. I might understand that, but then they should really have helped us finding new hotel rooms, making things easier. But the way they handled was completely unethical, unkind, and I will REFUSE TO SUPPORT any kind of hotel nor corporation treating people like that. So please stay away from this hotel. There are so much better hotels around in same price range.	
Dec 12 2008 	do not stay at the riviera	We booked the riviera in las vegas for my 50th b/day, we did not expect 5star but we certainly did not expect the filth that we were given. we were charged $4 per night for there electricity and they charged us £160[POUNDS] for 5 phone calls which stated direct dial. they completely robbed us and there is nothing that you can do about it as they retain your credit card. The staff are very very rude and are trained to get as much money out of you as possible. the hotel is filthy and in the middle of a building site, the noise was deafening. I travel a real lot and don't mind rough and ready but this was beyond belief. it really ruined my birthday. if you do decide to go to the riviera on the las vegas boulavard after you have read this review you must need your brains testing as i really cant put into words just how bad it is. stay away if you have any sense at all. you will be a walking dollar sign and nothing else.	
Dec 12 2008 	Very Good Value	I checked in Nov. 28 for 5 nights. Check in was totally painless, quick and simple. I guess everyone asks for a view of the strip, so did I. I did not get it but it was over looking the pool area and it at least provided a pleasant view. I didn't have to open the curtains in the morning to look out at a parking garage. I did not complain, it was fine. The pool was closed for the season, but I have stayed there before and used it. It is adequate as long as everyone in the hotel isn't out there at the same time. I did get a renovated room with a king bed and it was very pleasant. Nice new bed and bedding, carpet, drapes and an updated bathroom. The whole tower I was in was nonsmoking and I did not detect the smell of smoke anywhere in it. It had flat screen plasma TV. Not a huge selection of channels, but certainly enough to occupy the time in the morning getting ready, and time returning to the room for the night before going to sleep.I was going to try the buffet one day for dinner and discovered it was closed. That was very surprising, but then they do have two other restaurants there and it isn't their busiest time of year. I only had breakfast at Kady's coffee shop one day. Service was pleasant and for less than $10 French toast and orange juice was a bargain compared to other restaurants at the deluxe hotels. The toast came exceptionally hot and fresh. What more could you want?Previous complaints about the lack of beverage service in the casino have me baffled. There was always a waitress coming around. Before I even had the one in my hand finished, they were around again. They were very friendly and pleasant.As for the casino itself, they had a good selection of slots. That is all I play so can't comment about the table games. I won a few hundred $ there so it wasn't as bad as the new deluxe hotels that weren't paying out AT ALL! I seemed to do best at the &quot;older&quot; hotels, Treasure Island and Mirage.I received a ticket to a free show at the Riviera and even though the ticket was free, the gentleman at the box office couldn't have been more courteous and helpful. Gave me his opinion of some of the shows I was interested in and went over the days and times to help me decide. I did see LaCage and enjoyed it. Most, not all, of the impersonations were right on. And it was very humorous also. Earlier this year I saw their &quot;Ice&quot; show and it was excellent.I can't believe all the people that complain about the location. Everyone wants cheap, but then nothing is good enough when they don't get a suite; the hotel is old; it's too far; etc. etc. etc. When picking a hotel, all you have to do is pull up a map of the strip hotels and you can see where it is. If they can't manage that then they shouldn't be booking their own hotels! One day I walked down to the Wynn and it took about 15 minutes at a pleasant pace. Circus Circus is right across the street and if you don't want to walk they have bus service along the strip. I was totally satisfied with my stay at the Riviera. I did go at a very slow time and got a great deal. But I would pay more and stay there again. When you think that rooms at the Wynn, Palazzo and others are $300 a night, the Riviera is a great deal.	
Dec 10 2008 	Good For an Inexpensive Hotel	I think this hotel is just fine if you are looking for value. We booked the room on Expedia for right around $50/night. It was one of their recently remodeled Deluxe rooms and had new bedding, LCD TV, etc. The room was quite nice and comfortable (althought nothing glitzy or amazing). But with shows and other things I'd rather spend my money on - why pay $100 more for a room I would barely be in? Staff was friendly and the pool area looked nice - though it was too cold to enjoy while I was there.The casino floor, lobby and resturants have definately seen their glory days a long time ago. It doesn't hold a candle to the other casinos so honestly I only came back to the hotel to sleep. But they are a short walk to the Wynn and not far to the monorail to get elsewhere on the strip.So if you want to stay in a nice / clean room so you can enjoy the rest that vegas has to offer - highly recommend the place. If you want a hotel where you don't have to leave to have a good time, I would pick something else.	
Dec 9 2008 	Not as Bad as Everyone Says	I was a little leary of getting this hotel when I booked through Hotwire, but my experience wasn't as bad as everyone elses. I'm not afraid to use the kiosks, so it took me about 2 minutes to check in.. and it even let me pick which tower and what kind of room I wanted to stay in (smoking or non, 1 or 2 bed, etc.). And someone came over to help me when they realized I had booked 2 rooms so they could make sure they gave us adjacent rooms. It was a better than expected experience.When I got to my room, it wasn't done being cleaned, but room service came soon thereafter. Although the place was dated, it was still relatively clean and comfortable. One thing I didn't like was that the buffet was closed for dinner, it's a new policy they started a few months ago but it wasn't fixed on their website. We settled for the Italian restaurant, but it was mediocre at best, and also way overpriced. $24 for a less than generic chicken parm? The cocktail waitresses were friendly, funny, and attentive. They came by often enough and didn't take too long. Checkout was almost as easy as check in, I did it on the TV in about 2 minutes. Overall I think it's a great value and in a great location, and the staff were all very friendly. The downside is that it really shouldn't be a 3 star anymore, and the food is overpriced and overrated. I'd stay here again if I got another good deal, but i must admit this place is not as fun as Caesars and the like.	
Dec 7 2008 	Oh no!	We had to do a self serve check in. Good thing I brought the credit card that I had booked the room with as the only person at the counter sat there and didn't offer to much help. Since we arrvied at 11:00 we weren't sure that out rooms would be ready and the guy at the drop off kept our bags. Since there were 2 couplr we were givena room on floor 4 and 5. When we asked the bell hop to send our bags up, he said &quot; I have to deliver to different floors!&quot;. The only good thing was the rooms - comfy bed. The service is horrible. Slow on the drinks while playing slots-crabby waitresses, very slow bartenders-just horrible customer service. The casino is not exciting-Circus Circus was more fun adn most of the ones farther down. Would not stay here again. When we checked out, they said their system was downa dn we would be billed on the cc-will be phoning tomorrow to see what was added. $3.50 a day for safe-$3.99(?) energy charge and they wanted $10.00 to use their gym. Since when does a guest pay for this? The food court is a big joke-2 kiosks and the rest were covered with ablue joke. DO NOT stay here. Most of the guest were old-60 plus-no fun in this casino.. The on;y good time was La Cage-picked our tickets at the 1/2 price kiosk nect door $38.00 and sat 3rd row. Skip this joint	
Dec 4 2008 	AWFULL HOTEL! Customer service is terrible. I'll never stay here again!	It's only the start when you have problems when you check in. When we lined up to check in there was staff member/hotel employee telling anyone that you can check in using the kiosk. I am usually hesitant to use technology in lieu of being helped by a person that draws a salary. However, the front desk employees were just standing around not helping anyone NOR TELLING ANYONE TO CHECK-IN USING THE KIOSK. There were at least 5-7 employees not assisting guests. As the line got longer the employees did not even budge. We had to figure out that the kiosks were working and could be used to check in (This created some conflict between guests since the line for “express” check-in, with the use of a kiosk, was the same line for the traditional process. Thus, the people in the front thought that people were cutting). THE HASSLE OF CHECKING IN COULD HAVE BEEN PREVENTED BY PLACING AN EMPLOYEE AT THE HEAD OF THE LINE—they had 5 to 7 employees to spare anyways.To add to the hassle, when we were given our room keys/cards it took us forever to find room in the hotel. When we finally got to the room it was CURRENTLY BEING OCCUPIED BY OTHER GUESTS. The front desk gave us the wrong room. Not being considerate, they had us come down to replace the key.I understand that the Rivera is an inexpensive hotel; however, there is no excuse for horrible service. The room and its furnishings match the level of this hotel. It was clean but reeked of cigar smoke. I have been to Vegas a number of times and have stayed at various hotels… this will be my first and last to stay at the Riviera. It is far from the nicer hotels and the good clubs and bars as it is in the South part of the Strip (close to Circus Circus, Sahara and the Stratosphere. The hotel was inexpensive for such short notice, but if you have time to plan your trip and can spend some more money, book another hotel.	
Nov 30 2008 	Don't judge this book by its cover!	From the outside, the Riviera seems like a bit of a turdsicle, a nicotine tinted relic from the Fat Elvis-era of Vegas. The rooms, however -- at least the ones that have been renovated -- are modern and extremely comfortable. The room we stayed in was outfitted with a flat panel TV and completely modern furnishings, including the bathroom which had a granite countertop and a mirror with a lighting fixture embedded in it. With its color scheme and simple yet tasteful design, it looked like the room had been given a Vern Yip (Trading Spaces) style makeover. The best part of the room, though, hands down, was the bed, which was unbelievably comfortable.	
Nov 27 2008 	Feces on the sheets at the Riviera	Here is my letter to the President and to Customer Service. I have never had a response yet from them:The picture below is from the guest who slept in the bed prior to me. It was [--] stains from a guest prior to me who does not sleep in pjs like I do.I could not report this last night as my golfing buddy was out cold from back pain medicine. I just pulled the sheet over it and slept on the other side of the bed.I asked for the manager at check out but the person said they were not in until 9. I showed her the picture on my phone as you see it here and she said &quot;sorry&quot;.The room was not made up when I checked in so we went to the pool for an hour. The maid was cleaning a room near us, so she said she would have it done up right away.I assure you I'm not looking for anything. I am a frequent business traveler and have never been so disgusted in my life.I just hope this gets to the proper person who cares and addresses it with the housekeeping person.The envelope in the room said &quot;maid&quot;. I'm sure she will refute this but I swear this is the honest truth. You can check my DNA if you like.	
Nov 24 2008 	Tired and dirty i'm afraid	Stayed here for seven nights in the monte carlo tower. The rooms are tired and in need of renovation in this tower. Of course you get what you pay for, and I did not expect much but was generally disappointed. The Riv is one of the oldest on the strip and it shows. What I would say is that the staff are as old as the hotel but they do have a pleasant attitude and are not as stiff as other staff on the strip, especially on the tables. We had good banter with the casino staff and they were generally very patient with novice players. Overall I wouldn't stay here again (probably it will be next to go!), however it is worth a visit if only for the friendly laid back gambling. Oh and don't bother with the breakfast buffet, only made tolerable by friendly staff in my view.	
Nov 22 2008 	Great place for the price	The room was just redone. Very spacious and comfortable. Staff was friendly and helpful. For the price it was a great deal. I would recommend.	
Nov 20 2008 	Liked the hotel	There were good and bad things about my stay here. The good out weigh the bad by far. I liked that it's farther up the strip than some of the huge hotels. It was about the same distance to get to Fremont Street as it was to go down the strip to the Luxor. The hotel also had a bus stop right in front of their main doors. For a lot of the other hotels you had to walk quite a ways to catch the bus. This was awesome considering it was our main mode of transpertation. Plus you can get a 24 hour bus pass that only costs $5 USD (you must have correct change). I also liked that this is a smaller hotel and casino. I'm not much of a gambler so I don't know most of the rules for the games. I found that at this hotel the people playing as well as the dealers will help you out. (Not that I did anything but loose money the whole time I was in Vegas but it was fun) They were a bit slow bringing the complimentary drinks if you weren't at the tables as well. Plus you didn't have a 20 minute walk from your room to the main casino floor. The hotel has also renovated some of their rooms. We had one. The beds were really comfortable. The bathroom was a bit out dated though. There are no ammenities in the room like coffee. They also only have about 20 different stations on your TV. They really don't want you staying in your room.One of the bad things for us was the housekeeping staff. I left a couple of dollars for a tip the first day and forgot on the second night. Because we didn't leave a tip the housekeeping staff really slacked off. They didn't leave us shampoo, conditioner or soap. They also took our towels and didn't replace them. They didn't tuck the sheets into the bed. They even went as far as untucking the sheets on one of the beds. We called the front desk and had someone come up and fix our room. But if you don't want to worry about this I would suggest leaving a couple of bucks each day.Overall I really liked this hotel. I don't think I would have liked staying in one of the huge hotels. This hotel had a friendlier feel to it than some of the bigger hotels.	
Nov 16 2008 	It is cheap!	Just returned from Vegas-spent 5 nights at the Riveria Hotel. Our room had just been renivated and was small but clean. We had a room next to the stair well and when the door slammed shut it was quite noisy. Thank goodness it was not used much. I was not impressed with most of the staff who acted like it was an impossition to deal with us. There was only one friendly person at ticket sales. The rest all acted rude or indifferent. We had dinner at Kadys coffee shop and our waitress was snapish-looks like she was totally overworked. The food was just ok-but did become ill after consuming it. Also had breakfast in the buffett and it was almost substandard. My wireless was not working so I had to use my dial-up. I checked the book provided for us about charges for the phone. It stated $3.00 for the first minute-did not say anything about other charges after the first minute so I assumed it was $3.00. At check out my phone bill was $49.00. so much for the inexpensive room rates. I would stay here again, but eat somewhere else. The slots are also tight and I would also gamble somewhere else.	
Nov 14 2008 	Nice renovated rooms	We stayed at the Riviera this past weekend. This was probably our 5th stay here. We like the Riviera as it's usually not too busy and feel very safe walking back to our rooms late at night. If we want to go to any other casinos or clubs it's a very easy taxi ride. Our check in was very fast, as we were able to walk right up to the &quot;invited&quot; check in line. Very nice staff the evening that we were checking in. We had a nice, remodeled room. The beds were great - fluffy and very soft bedding. The safe in the room was something that they have always been missing - we appreciated having this right in our rooms. I like to bring my designer purses with me &amp; do not feel comfortable leaving these in my suitcase while we are out of the room, the safe &quot;in our room&quot; was the perfect place for these. I like to switch out my purses with different outfits, so I do bring multiple purses (something my husband does not understand)! I do like the fact that the Riviera has a large mirror and sitting area just outside the bathroom, so that I can get myself ready and my husband can have the bathroom to himself. Also, the large mirrored doors on the closet are great - much better than a small mirror on the wall.The housekeeping ladies were very nice. We never had any problems with this...they were always accomodating to our schedule and needs.We enjoyed Kristophers Steakhouse, eating there every night. It is a nice, quiet steakhouse where we had excellent filets, lamb, seafood and wine selections. For dinner our meals averaged about $150-$175, not bad considering the meals and drinks that we had. We ate at Kady's for breakfast, not our favorite breakfast as we love real bacon &amp; this is not what they serve. We did eat at Kady's for a late night snack &amp; found this very good.The cocktail service is a OK as we spoke with many of the waitresses &amp; they have reduced staffs dramatically. We typically played table games and sometimes had to wait for service.We went to the Comedy Club at the Riviera and saw three very funny guys! Typically when we go there will be 1-2 that are really good - this time all 3 were hillarious! Definitely worth the entertainment.Our host from the Riviera that we have been with for many years has left and this would be probably our only complaint. Cindy was always very good to us, calling us to make sure we got in ok, stopping by to see us while we were there, she really took care of us very well! We were switched to one of their &quot;veterans&quot; who really could have cared less if we were even there. We were approaced by a very nice, younger host who wants to stay in touch with us &amp; would like to be our host. It will be nice to get back in there with someone who cares about us too.Overall the Riviera is a good value, depending on what you are looking for. We enjoy the smaller, less crowded area but still enjoy being close enough to hop in a taxi for a short ride to be in the middle of all the Vegas chaos!	
Nov 3 2008 	The Riviera was fantastic....in 1977	Now I know I shouldn't complain...we paid about $40 a night to stay here, but I was less than impressed with the hotel. Having said that, the rooms were newly renovated and modern, which was very nice, but the bathrooms have not been fully renovated and I was not convinced that they were properly cleaned everyday. (The maids were very sweet and nice though, so it does hurt me to write that). Our room overlooked the airconditioning controls, so not a great view, but one is rarely in Vegas to spend a lot of time in the hotel room, so it was fine. The rest of the hotel is outdated and dirty though. It has obviously not been renovated since the 70s. The pool is small and does not get much sunlight, so travellers with children beware. The food at Kady's and Kristoff's was overpriced and quite terrible and outdated, and the service at the restaurants was less than friendly. If you are going to stay at the Riviera I would recommend that you use it only for sleeping, as the bedrooms are the only acceptable part of the hotel.	
Nov 2 2008 	Decent value if on a limited budget	Older hotel, and while my room was recently renovated there are still signs of age (wallpaper, paint). But everything was clean and worked. Staying there was comparable to an older Days Inn or Quality Inn in amenities and service, and I paid a similar rate. Friends of mine stayed at Wynn and TI. While those places are much nicer, my friends paid two to four times what I paid. So I found the Riviera to be a good value. And I had more money available for gambling and shows, the other reasons I went to Vegas (besides a friend's wedding).Service was fair. Casino not so - high limits, poor odds, no swank. If you want cheap go to Fremont St or across the street to Slots-of-Fun. If you want swanky head south on the Strip (take the Deuce bus). A Walgreens and 7/11 are nearby which is convenient. You also can save by taking a city bus (#108) to Riviera Blvd from the airport, but you do have to walk about a 1/2 mile from the stop to the hotel entrance.	
Oct 28 2008	Best 3 Star Hotel in Las Vegas	I've stayed in the Riviera on numerous times but this time was the best by far.We checked in on the 5th October for our 11night stay and had no trouble checking in at all. We were given a room on the 7th floor in the Monte Carlo builiding. This room looked out onto the strip and was one of the newly refurbished ones.The new beds were fantastic, it was like falling into a cloud at night as the quilts and pillows were so soft and full. We had a bed each which is great when on holiday even though we were there to get married!Our room also had a small mirrored/seated area right off the bathroom which was great for getting ready in the morning. It meant I could dry my hair and apply my make-up without disturbing my husband having a shower at the same time.The rooms had flat screen telvisions and can accommodate a fridge if you ask reception.Instead of hiring a safety deposit box in the room, we went downstairs to the casino and hired a deposit box from the casino floor. These are mostly used by the gamblers but we used ours everyday. The boxes are kept behind bars where all the chips and money are distributed to the casino gamblers. The deposit was $20 which you get back at the end of your stay. Far cheaper than a deposit box in the room which is about $4 a day.We never ate at the hotel buffet this time but always looked busy. They only cater for breakfast now but we walked down to the food court every morning and opted for a cooked breakfast for $4.99. You get 2 eggs of choice, bacon, ham or sausage, along with a hash brown, toast, coffee or tea. Excellent value!Our maids were in every day, a big thanks to them as our rooms were always a mess due to the fact we were married 3 after arriving and had 15 other wedding guests with us, we all stayed at the Riviera and all our rooms were great and new.The casino was busy for October but we soon made friends with the casino waitresses who new our drinks order within about 4 days! We played the penny slots every night and had the best time ever.I would stay at the Riviera everytime, it saves money on the big hotels, as I like to shop and would rather spend my money there. The atmosphere is great and personal.	
Oct 27 2008	Won't stay here again - you get what you pay for	There are so many better places to stay in Vegas, I won't waste my time at the Riviera again. I go to Vegas 6-7x/year, and have stayed at most of the Strip area hotels. The only reason I booked the hotel was our friends were staying there as part of a convention.Check in was a disaster. We arrived at 2:00 pm and the line was so long we went out and returned to check in at 6:15 pm. We waited in line for 50 minutes, and it seemed the desk staff was intentionally keeping the line slow while waiting for rooms to open up. No excuse for not having guest rooms ready after 7:00 pm. When I asked the manager why they didn't have sufficient staff to check in guests, he told me that staffing was fine. I heard from other guests who waited 4 hours to check in, so in that perspective, 50 minutes did equal adequate staff. Again, inexcusable.The Riv likes to nickel-and-dime their guests with all sorts of charges: $4/day &quot;energy surcharge&quot;, $3.50/day to use the in-room safe, etc. They are not upfront about it when you check in or when you place the reservation,The bell staff was very nice and effiecient. They were the best thing about our stay.Construction makes it more difficult to get in to the parking garage, but the garage itself has plenty of available parking, and is just across from the hotel.We received one of the updated rooms. It was okay, but again, there are many better hotel rooms in Vegas. It was clean, we had plenty of towels, but no toiletries beyond shampoo &amp; lotion. Room was a bit small, but did have adequate drawer space. The Riv updated the countertops and lighting in the bathrooms, but just re-coated the tubs, which were already wearing through in some spots. Room had just one small window, and the window was in desparate need of cleaning on the outside.The breakfast buffet was horrible. Just don't eat there.The pool is 1970's bare bones, and the pool itself is completely in shade by 3:30 pm. Cheap vinyl strap lounge chairs have no cushions and the pool towels are thin. This is not a happenin' pool by any stretch of the imagination. However, unlike most hotel pools, this one has a deep end - 9 feet, if you want to dive in.The casino is really far north of where the action is now. The hotel itself is older and it shows. But, it's cheap, so you get what you pay for. For about the same price, I recommend the Orleans - big rooms, a nice pool, and good food options.	
Oct 25 2008 	The Riv is showing her age	Tired is the best word to describe this hotel. The Riv is not growing old gracefully. The common areas such as the lobby, casino, elevators, and bathrooms are beat up and look very well used. I had one of the newly refurbished rooms but it still had peeling wall paper, mold on the bathroom ceiling, and big chips out of the bathtub. Staff were okay for the most part but a bit slow with drink service etc. If you can get it realcheap (I paid $39 a night) and you need to be at the North end of the strip it is an okay option but otherwise i would stay elsewhere.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great for the price! and historic	Booked a renovated room for $40/night for a 4 night stay. The movies Casino, Showgirls, Austin Powers, 21 all were filmed (or partly) there. Room was beautiful, comfy beds, roomy bathroom, quiet and a/c worked great. Best pina coladas (in the casino) Ive ever had! We booked here as we are movie buffs, plus wanted to save our money for other things such as shopping, dining at fancier places, gambling, etc. We loved how you can sit at slots and its open air to the sidewalk outside....so much better than being in an underground casino (Venetian). The food stinks here, but across the street is home of the 99 cent 1/2 lb hotdog if you lose all your money, and is PERFECT for when you get back post-partying on Freemont. :) Duece stops right outside and is a short ride to Freemont Street and back. We will definitely be staying here when we return!!! The key is to get a renovated room.	
Oct 15 2008 	Great deals and lots of fun at the Riviera	Air/FlightTook Southwest from PA to NV with no stops without any major problems. Had overweight baggage problem on the return but after some re-shuffling we made it without paying extra. Check in at the RivieraWe checked in on Thursday night at 9pm with no problem/no lines. Lots of people complained about the &quot;kiosk&quot; check in process. There were only 2 people in front of us at check in so we opted to wait to talk to a real person. We got great rates by directly booking through the hotel and we got a free upgrade to a &quot;signature room&quot; at check in. The whole process took about 15 minutes. RoomsWe were in a Signature room in the Monaco tower. This tower is a little farther away from the main hotel but no big deal. After all those buffets everyone will need a little walking time. The room was new, great fluffy beds/pillows and flat screen tv. The air conditioner worked but made some funny noises at times but all in all we were very happy with the room. They also had a cool alarm clock/ipod docking station as well. CasinoGo get your players club cards for your promotions. One promotion was &quot;free play&quot; and one was for &quot;spend 50 dollars get 20 dollars in slot play&quot; we did them both. All the machines at this casio take paper money (no coins) and give you tickets which you break/exchange at the &quot;atm&quot; type machine. They had everything you would expect at the casio-- we did enjoy playing the 1 cent monopoly alot. FoodWe ate at Kady's which I would compare to a Denny's or Perkins type and we were satisfied with the food there. We really enjoyed the Buffet for breakfast/brunch-- my friend really liked the cheese blintz they had there. We also ate dinner at Kristoff's --each of us liked our dinner (filet and spicy tenderloin with peppers). TransportationSince the Riviera is pretty far from the action on the strip we got bus tickets &quot;the Duece&quot; which runs all the time and costs $5 for a 24 hour pass. It really saves money when you compare it to taxi fare. It is a real interesting experience as well! ShowsWe only saw the ICE show which combined ice skating and acrobatics with weak attempts at humor in between. We got 2 free tickets with the room but needed 1 more for a friend so we checked at the 1/2 price ticket booth in Circus Circus for their rate. We went back to the Riviera ticket booth later and told them we had found a 1/2 price ticket across the street but they were nice enough to give us the discount right there. VibeThe vibe at this hotel is older and not really a party crowd. We knew this going in and made arrangements to party elsewhere. Vegas ClubsWe really enjoy hanging out at Coyote Ugly at NY NY when we go to Vegas, however this last time was weak and just didn't seem as fun as it used to be. You can basically get free VIP passes for most of the clubs if you are smart and get there early. We chose to go to Christian Audigier at TI one night, got free passes plus free mixed drinks until 1am-- what a deal!!! Very swanky and caters to the well dressed and snobby people of vegas. We really enjoyed the music and atmosphere. We met some nice people and made fun of the rest of the people who considered themselves elite. We almost went to ROK at NYNY one night but got there too late and didn't want to wait in line all night. I would plan to go to the hotel around 9/9:30 get your passes and wait for the club to open to avoid waiting in very looong lines and wasting time. SpaIf you are going to spend lots of money on a spa treatment anyway, you should go all the way! We planned a spa day at the Canyon Ranch Spa inside the Venetian hotel. It was awesome. With your treatment you get to use their ammenities which include a jacuzzi, herbal sauna, ice room, tropical rain showers, sauna and steam room. It was a really great way to relax and get resort-like treatment without having to pay the enourmous price of staying at the Venetian itself. BuffetsWe ate at the Wynn buffet for dinner but we paid lunch prices by going right before they changed from lunch to dinner-- saving about $10 a piece! Because it was the Wynn we were expecting to be blown away by the food but we found it a little lacking. We had to track down waitresses to get refills on drinks and we forgot that people in vegas like &quot;chilled&quot; crab legs instead of hot crab legs.....I guess we could have asked them to steam them again but we just decided to eat other stuff. I was really happy with their prime rib there and we liked the creme brulee and ice cream. One place to avoid is Circus Circus buffet-- &quot;nasty&quot; does not even begin to describe how most of the food tasted.	
Oct 13 2008 	Got one of the newly renovated room so was OK stay	Stayed this past weekend at the tried but true &quot;Riv&quot; in Vegas. This hotel has been around the block but is still going. This is my first stay here and so even though the hotel seems a bit dated I stayed in a newly renovated room with a GREAT and very comfortable king bed, huge plasma TV, big room with a nice carpet. Even had a nice leather couch in the room. We enjoyed our room very much and it was the tower closest to the parkade which was very convenient as we had a rental car. Hotel is on the North end of the strip but the crowds were not unmanageable and we had no difficulty driving and parking at any of the other casinos.We were happy with our room. Was not too expensive, was newly remodeled and was clean. Maybe not the most impressive Casino on the strip - but then again we paid half what some of our friends paid just down the road.	
Oct 12 2008 	Not so bad.	Recently stayed at riviera for 12 days. Was a bit worried as i read the reviews after we booked. But i was quite pleasantly surprised, we only waited about 10 minutes to checkin and that was on a friday afternoon when they were very busy. Our room was in the monte carlo tower on the 18th floor overlooking the pool and the strip. It was clean and big.There was no waiting for the lift the whole time we were there. The bed was a bit hard but we soon got used to it. The only negative thing i found was the food at the riviera. We had breakfast buffet across the road at circus circus it has a much better selection but overall loved the riv. If you have time take a trip to the grand canyon by helicopter.Amazing. $5 duece(bus) for 24 hrs stops right out the front, great value it is too far to walk to the bigger casinos. Glad we stayed at the Riviera.	
Oct 8 2008 	Nice Renovated rooms	We stayed at the Riveria the first weekend in October. The rooms were approx $55.00 a night on the WEEKEND!!! that alone is a bargin on the strip. We reveived a &quot;Signature&quot; room, one of the remodeled ones. It was very nice, everything was redone and had fresh new linens. The beds were awesome, I slept 7 hours both nights, and I usually only sleep 2-3 when I am in Vegas. The hotel itself was about average for the strip, about the same as the Excalibur, Ballys, Tropicana or Flamingo. But while everyone else was charging $150 and up per night, this was SO much less expensive. The table games were lower minimums in the &quot;older&quot; area where this hotel is located and depending on your preferences this is a good thing. It was also much less crowded for a weekend on this end of the strip. Everything was clean and about half of the staff was very nice and about half were ambivilent to customers. There happend to be a movie filming there while we were there, but it was handled well with no inconvenience to the customers. Overall a very good trip and since my other fav- the Stardust- is gone, I will definitely return to this hotel for the price!	
Oct 7 2008 	Really enjoyed our Riviera stay.	This was our third trip to Las Vegas but our first stay at the Riviera &amp; our first stay that far down on the strip....but I am so glad we went for it &amp; stayed there. We had a renovated room &amp; it was great, the bed was VERY comfortable, the water pressure in the shower was GREAT (plus the water stayed hot), the A/C worked EXCELLENT (we didnt even need it at night), and our room was cleaned &amp; towels were replenished everyday. We previously stayed at The Imperial Palace (right in the middle of it all) &amp; when we go back, I would stay at the Riviera again. It is down a little further on the strip but with the &quot;deuce&quot; buses running 24 hours, you can go anywhere, anytime. Also, you can find ANYTHING you need at the stores in the hotel.	
Oct 6 2008 	Should've Stayed Somewhere Else	You get what you pay for. I didn't mind that the rooms were outdated--I figured I was only going to sleep there, so who cares. But my two sticklers: 1) staying at the older end of the Strip means it's harder to get where the action is, and to get to the shows I was going to. 2) the food is atrocious. Horrible. Seriously bad. Don't even bother--this applies to their Italian restaurant, room service and the buffet. I tried three different places and they were all beyond horrible. So the place ended up not being good for me because it wasn't convenient--had to travel to get to the shows and to eat. Stay somewhere else, pay more, and relax more. Next time I'm staying where the shows are--Mirage, Caesars's, etc. My stay at the Riviera ended with them not making the scheduled wake up call this morning (good thing I was up by then anyway, or I would've missed my flight.) Check out clerk was apologetic, called the people who scheduled the wake up calls to find out what happened, and was still on the phone with them figuring things out as I was walking out the door.	
Oct 3 2008 	better than expected	i stayed at the riviera for a two nights, my first time in las vegas, and it was really better than i had expected, i was put into a renovated room and it was comfortable with all the amenities one would need. staff were extremely helpful and courteous.i would definately reccomend this hotel.	
Sep 29 2008 	Room ok everything else not so much.	I was booked at the Riviera for an ASME conference. The hotel is at the end of the strip (the old part of the strip). This made it hard to get anywhere using the monorail and buses (The monorail was the fast way to get to the new resorts. The buses stops at every hotel on the strip but with the traffic it’s faster to walk). The class I was taking had the least amount of people and they put us in a room smaller then the hotel room I stayed in. It made for a hard time to learn anything. They did have drinks and snacks for the 3 day I was there. The room I got was ok. It was one of the remodeled rooms but not like the ones on the website (No LCD TV or newer looking furniture). The bathroom was really small. The price was ok but not great for what you got. Skip the food that this place because it’s the worst I have ever eat at any hotel. Gaming was ok and seems to have more of the lower limit tables then the newer resorts. ($10 min black jack, $5 min crap. I did hear in the casinos downtown they have the lower limits around $2). The only reason I would stay here again is that I signed up for their player’s club and they are offering 3 nights for the price of one and $200 fuel rebates for staying which makes it VERY cheap to stay there.	
Sep 27 2008 	Ugh what a dump! I have stayed in better motels than this!	I just returned from staying 3 nights at this dump on the Vegas Strip, I much preferred my cot in Death Valley than this room. I didn't even have the worst room, other attendees at the same conference were stuck over the valet parking drive throug, or horrors just across from the flashing RIVIERA marquee lights (imagine those flashing through your curtains all night!).My room: was a standard king non-smoking, but you could sure smell that they had just recently slapped non-smoking labels on the doors since I had major reactions everytime I walked in the room. The side table lamp bulb was burned out and the bath tub was clogged/slow draining (I have NEVER seen a shower be able to fill a tub while the drain was wide open!) and I called to get it replaced and it was still burned out when I left, so perhaps their maintenance guys could take a break from pool duty and do something about the rooms.The room gave me the heebie-jeebies just being in there. BUT the buffet is even scarier! Don't go there, go to the Paris casino just down the street where the buffet is INCREDIBLE!!!	
Sep 25 2008 	Good but some what bad management.	First of all the hotel is in the mid of a refurbishment, so some rooms are very nice while others are still from the 80's.I booked to stay Sunday to Sunday, in the middle of my time there i wont some money at the MGM Grand, i was given a free room for 2 nights there. Upon my return to the Riviera I was told I had been checked out, we had booked 3 rooms in total, my room was checked out, the two other rooms one was not cleaned for several days, the other room was able to obtain a new key from one of the more helpful staff at the Riviera after explain the situation.When I spoke directly to the manager, she said well you left so we checked you out, if you want you can book another night with us, I said how does that work, I did not close my booking and if you have rooms for sale then I should be able to get my room back. She said I should contact the people I booked my package deal with as it’s a booking with them. She was no help what so every. In the end we were able to get share rooms with my friends for one night before leaving. RUDE MANAGMENT VERY UNHELPFUL AND VERY OLD A DATED HOTEL. DONT STAY HERE , LOTS MORE PLACES TO STAY ON THE STRIP. SAVE YOURSELF THE HASSLE.	
Sep 23 2008	Nice Renovated Room -	Stayed here for a conference and got one of the new renovated rooms. The bed was absolutely amazing - it was so comfortable. Had a great view of the pool. Flat screen tv. Good water pressure nice bathroom. Rivera is within walking distance of several restaurants. I would certainly recommend this hotel if you get one of the renovated rooms.Wish that these casino hotels would provide coffee makers in their guest rooms!!	
Sep 5 2008	The Riv. gets a bad rap.	I stayed at the Riviera Thur-Monday and the place was great for a dirt cheap room, ($20 per night with a package deal). My room was clean and functional and well air conditioned, though with no view. I didnt care as I only slept and showered there. The staff were mostly friendly and considerate, though with a few sullen faces at the black jack tables, and at times the drink service was slow. People, you get what you pay for, and if you want something more luxurious, dont complain about the Riv. when you are getting actually quite a lot, for very little cash. If you expect the Wynn, then youd better cough up a bit more cash.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great deal for the money. Old hotel but very nice modern rooms.	Just got back from Vegas. Stayed at Riviera from August 30 to September 3rd. Got a great deal on the room. Costed me $40.00 per night. The hotel it self is old but half of the hotel rooms were completely renovated and they look very modern and fresh. First they gave us a big very nice room which i would be very pleased with but my girlfriend asked them to swith us to a renovated room. The new room was a bit smaller but much much nicer. It had a flat screen tv,an amazing king size bad that was so comfortable. The bathrooms was also wery nice. Made service was great. Room was alwayse very clean.Three things i didn't like was that the hifi wasn't free and that they do charge an aditinonal $3.99 per day for electricity usage.I have stayed at so many hotels in my life time but i never paid a charge like that before. Also the casino floor has a small amount of black jack tables and the poker room has alwayse a shortage of stuff and they are not able to have more than two tables open. One is $3.00-$6.00 limint and the other is $1.00-$2.00 no limit. Very hard to jump in the game. Usually the tables allwayse full.On sunday we went to the buffet for brunch. The food and service was great. They also served shampaine at no extra charge. So don't listen to any complaints from other people about the buffet. You will get your money worth in this place. The pool was nice and clean.We did see the Ice show from Russia at Riviera which was amazing. Well worth seeing. Just make sure to buy tickets at half price tickets and shows store across the street to your left next to the riviera. Original price for the show is $90.00.We paid $43.00 for each ticket. We also saw show called Bite at Stratosphere which was nice and well worth seeing. Price $26.00. Circus Saley is an amazing show and it is defenatly worth seeing in Treasure Island. Price is $86.00 per person.Riviera is conviniently located to lots of activities. You can get to moust of the places from there from $10 to $15 dollars.Overall this is a pretty good place to stay if you do get a good deal on it.Just stay away from the table games and you will have a great time.	
Aug 15 2008 	Very nice classy affordable hotel	I just came back from a 4-night stay at the Riviera hotel. This was my first trip to Las Vegas and while the city itself was rather disappointing, the accomodations were the highlight of my stay. It was absolutely unbearably hot as it's summer and having the air conditioner on in my room was just wonderful. I'm really unsure as to why there are so many negative reviews of this hotel. I got an incredible deal for my stay, and for the quality of service that I got there, I think I would have been willing to pay $100 a night if needed. The maid service was prompt everyday and the food court has an adequate selection of fast food. There is an Italian as well as an American restaurant in the hotel. The sheets and towels were clean. Toiletries given were shampoo, lotion, and a bar of soap. Check-in was a breeze, with no line (of course, I did check in on a Monday afternoon). Check-out was even easier, as guests have the option to check-out via the television (you can either leave the room card keys in the room or take them as souvenirs as they're disposable). Even though the tower I stayed in had perhaps thirty floors, I was pleasantly surprised by how fast the elevator was; it probably took 20 seconds or less to get to my floor near the top. The employees are not necessarily the friendliest, but their attitude and service is adequate; it really depends on who you run into.	
Aug 14 2008 	Great value and service - What's the complaining about?	I wasn't going to stay here because of all the bad reviews, but I'm glad we did. I passed on the Riviera's advertised special and took my chances on Hotwire.com, which happen put me there anyway at an even better rate. The buffet was closed down, so I guess the problem (people have been complaining about in past posts) there is being addressed. We had no problem checking in hours before their posted 4pm check-in time. Previous reviews were critical of the front desk personnel, but we were greeted by a very friendly clerk who put us in the Monte Carlo tower. The room was nice and clean, and the only issue I had was the water drained slower than the shower was putting out water, so the bathtub filled up above my ankles before finishing. That was quickly cleared by maintenance within an hour of calling and we had no problems after that. The coffee shop had very quick service and has a delicious one pound T-Bone steak dinner for only $12.00. From half-eaten plates I saw left by others I'd say stay away from the skillet breakfasts', but the ham steak and eggs was terrific. My only complaint if I have to search for one is the $11.99 per day fee for internet. All-in-all this hotel is a great value for an &quot;on the strip&quot; property. It's not as fancy as some of the hotels, but in some cases you're paying 1/10th the cost of some of the other hotels for a room you're hardly in anyway! :) (have fun!)	
Aug 11 2008 	Don't eat at the buffet!	NASTY! The place smelled like open sewer and was just dirty. The buffet was terrible and the staff there was the worst of the worst.	
Aug 8 2008 	This Joint Ain't Jumpin' - Convention Worthy Though.	The very first thing about The Riv is that nobody really knows where the 'front' of the hotel is located. I guess because it's old and has had additions added to the structure over the years, but there really isn't a front part of the building.My hubby accompanied me here for a cake decorating convention. Our stay was from Thurs., July 31 - Mon., Aug. 4th. Upon waiting to check in a gentleman told guests which window to go to or pointed out the computerized check in kiosks - we were directed to a kiosk. While attempting to check in, no prices showed up on the screen and it asked us which part (tower) of the hotel we wished to stay in without describing it or showing any photos. Not knowing the difference between the towers and (us being from NY/NJ &amp; my husband a frequent traveler) not trusting this machine, we cancelled out and waiting for a window with a live person. When we explained to her our situation, she looked up our reservations and said the room was for $109 a night (that was correct) and then proceeded to discuss something unrelated with a fellow employee leaving us to use the kiosk again!As we walked away she then started asking me some questions about the convention as if she was so friendly and had just helped us - huh?!! Next we had two women, one behind a desk opposite the check-in desk, asking us where we were from and how long we were staying, etc. They were practically begging us to let them help us. The red flag went up in my memory and I told them we needed to get to our room after just coming from the airport and a five hour flight. They didn't seem to want to back off and my husband was trying to be nice and told them after we settled in we'd come back. On the way to our room I told him they were too eager and were probably there selling time share. As it turns out, this was confirmed later in our stay. (When 'staff' are way too eager to show you around and give you maps, etc., usually it's to sell time-share as they make a commission on it. I fell for it while in Puerto Rico with my cousin many years ago).The room was in the Monaco Tower on the 52nd floor. No view, except of the valet parking and in the distance, the lighted sign for the Riviera. It was nice enough, with a king-sized bed and a large TV and a decent and clean bathroom. There was a desk, but no table. Internet access costs $10 per day! So I brought my laptop for nothing and my husband's business computer with it's firewalls could not connect at all, so much of the work he had planned to do while I was attending my classes, didn't get done.Shortly after arriving in the room, construction started. There was banging that sounded like it was coming from next door, but not too loud. I asked him if we should switch rooms and he said it wasn't worth it, so we stayed and it only occurred during the day mostly while I was out of the room. Turned out not to be a problem. Also, the maids don't speak much English. We met ours in the hallway and I told her that I did as the sign said and hung the towels so she didn't have to change them and she took that to mean that she didn't have to clean the room. No biggie, but just thought I'd mention it.For a convention, this hotel served it's purpose. There were classrooms and a vendor room as well as a banquet room for the Friday night banquet. The only problem was that the small rooms used for classes were a bit too small and the tables needed to be rearranged, but we got by. As for food, it's either fast food or expensive restaurants. There was also a buffet, but that 'restaurant' wasn't opened the first night and their Champagne Brunch on Sat. and Sun. was only okay. A lot of food, but leaned more towards lunch, not breakfast and the champagne was served in regular plastic cups. The pool looked nice and clean, but closed at seven which left me no time to use it. The stores and shops in the hotel were nice. One surprised me; a clothing store which included women's after-five clothing. I bought a beautiful top to wear to the banquet for only $30! And the 24 hour store, ABC Stores, which had things such as souvenirs, water, liquor, chips and candy, personal hygiene items, etc. was also reasonably priced. The casino was pretty unimpressive, but since my husband and I don't gamble, it didn't matter much. One thing that we did find a bit annoying was all the advertisements for topless and naked reviews and shows. We're not prudes or anything, but it seemed like all Vegas advertised, besides gambling, was sex and booze.All in all, if you're looking for a good time: good shows and night life, etc., you'll do okay to stay there and then go to some other hotels for that, or just stay at the other really nice and cool-themed resorts that are abundant. If you go there for something specific, like a convention or a family get-together, it's a pretty good deal. It's definitely not the most up-to-date, but it's functional and clean.	
Aug 6 2008	Nothing special	Hotel with a lots of problems, for sure.Booked thru Priceline $65 per night, later I check hotel website, they offered same price and 3 nights for $45 inc. free breakfast and show. Upon check-in I requested from one of the Managers at least to provide us with free breakfast, but all I heard is NO, we can't. All booking should be done thru hotel if you're looking for hotel offers. We've received a renovated room, at 3pm it wasn't ready yet, but check in time is 4pm, so we came back to the clean and nice room. You can't watch their flat TV or listen to the radio, because every channel cost u money. One of the nights we came back around 2:40 am from Grand Canyon trip, our room card stopped working. It took them one hour to give us another room for sleeping, but after the problem was fixed (1.5 hours – 3am) they called and asked to move to our room back. At least, we’ve received late check-out at 6pm, because of the problem. But never ever anybody from the staff starting from security ending Duty Manager apologized for inconvenience that happened! And yes, renovations are going on, they drilled from 8am in the morning above our room on Monday. Do think I’ll ever come back even for free. They have to learn basic customer service course if they in hospitality industry.	
Jul 30 2008 	Stay far away from here!	We read all of the negative reviews about this place after the trip was already booked through Priceline. We only paid $69 for the night so we figured we would give it the benefit of the doubt. Bad mistake. We encountered many of the same problems that other travelers reported, including the TERRIBLE attitude of the front desk staff and less than impressive &quot;newly renovated&quot; room. When we went to our room, it had not been cleaned from the previous night. They cleaned it within an hour, only to find the comforter dirty. They replaced those, again within an hour or so. The first time we flushed the toilet, it overflowed (around 1:00 in the afternoon.) We reported it to maintenance....again at 4:00....again at 8:00....they came to unclog it at 9:45 p.m. In the meantime, we discovered that the television didn't work.....then it did....then it didn't....etc, etc....you get the idea. Anyway, they do not offer late checkout at all and do not open their various stores or restaurants or pool until they feel up to it. The manager had no concern for us at checkout when we let him know what a poor time we had......bottom line, don't let them fool you with their &quot;renovations&quot; and cheap prices, it's just NOT WORTH IT!	
Jul 20 2008 	this place was a life saver	I went to Las Vegas for NBA All Star weekend and booked at the Wild Wild West because of the ad they had online. BIG MISTAKE (see my other review)..........but when my friend and I started making phone calls, we found a room available here at the Riveria. We were already in town for a sold-out event, but the Gods must have been smiling down on us. We found a room here and the rates were not outrageous, even last minute. The staff was friendly and room recently renovated. We felt safe here and had a great view of the strip from our window. They did not provide free buffets or anything like that, but the price was not outrageous. The food was a bit salty though. Checkout time was considerably earlier than our flight, but they did offer complementary luggage storage for us until it was time for us to depart. I'm not sure why other reviewers were unhappy with this location, but I really enjoyed it. I realize it was not built yesterday and did not offer in-room massage service, but it was a nice place at a nice rate. I would revisit this property.	
Jul 19 2008 	Anything to get you in....	After much research, we had decided to visit the Riviera-bigmistake! Old, less than clean &amp; customer service a contradiction in terms. We were going to use the $40.00 for $20.00 slot play coupon offer -on Thursday-NOT VALID ON THURSDAYS..there is no mention of that in any of the material we had read OR on the coupons we had. Anything to get you in...when we inquired why not Thursday-we were told &quot;that's just the way it is&quot;. A &quot;I'm sorry&quot; or &quot;Let's see what we can do&quot; would have lessened the crappy customer service we received..I will not return...	
Jul 15 2008 	Not bad for what I paid give it a go.	Finally got round to writing a review over half a year later. For what little i paid I knew this wasn't going to be the best hotel on the strip. The rooms were spotless and cleaned every morning and I couldn't fault them nor the cleaning staff. The check in staff were friendly enought but the staff at the money changing part for the casino were very rude. The all you can eat Buffet was a waste of money and you're better walking towards the southern strip and finding resturants there as the food court in the hotel is pretty useless and not that clean. The main downside with his hotel was that it was so far away from all the major hotels and at least a half hour walk to the main hotels. Also I never felt very safe there during the night as it's not the nicest area of the strip to walk back to. Overall though it was a pleasant enough place to stay as I didn't expect too much from what I paid and I would recommend it.	
Jul 7 2008 	Simply Awful! Avoid this place!	We had an awful experience at the Riviera Hotel in late June. Parking was very diifcult to find, the valet was ALWAYS full, the elevators were broken in the parking garage about half the time. Our &quot;newly refurbished room&quot; had blue masking tape everywhere along with old wallpaper hanging off one of the walls. The final straw was Monday morning (our check out day), there was pounding construction on the floor above us. When I called the front desk they did not seem to care.The customer service was non-existent. I just wanted to share our horrible time with others, so they do not have the same experience	
Jun 26 2008	ICE-"The show from Russia"	I booked the show : ICE-&quot;The show from Russia&quot; at the Riviera, through Vegas.com. On the website under details it was listed as appropriate for anyone age 6 &amp; up.....What were they smoking and inhaling.... It was completely inappropriate content (about one-third to one-half of the show) for our 10yo daughter... I have contacted both vegas.com and the hotel who showed little interest in my concerns. Just be careful with those under sixteen regarding sexual content. Additionally it was only about 75mins in length, not much value for about $100/tix.	
Jun 4 2008	I just dont understand	This property has received a great deal of negative publicity.I don't understand why.Yes the RIveria's overall appearance pales in comparison to properties like the Venetian, Wynn and Paris. Yes, the location on the northern end of the strip places this property away from the higher concentration of properites on the southern end. where entertainment options are far more plentiful. Yes, the buffet is lousy and overpriced .Many write that the staff is unfriendly and uncooperative. My response to that is as follows: If you immediately take and maintain a hostile posture to a situation that you feel is a mistake made by the property, it matters not what they attempt to do to correct the problem, you will always see these individuals in a negative and harsh light..That being said, I found everyone I encountered and spoke to , front desk personnel , a front desk shift manager, housekeeping, the associate who stood outside the front desk serving as a &quot;greeter,&quot; observing personnel who had completed their shift, but still in uniform ,continuing to assist the hotel guests who approached them with questions who were , attentive who gave a damn You just have to make start that first encounter with a friendly hello. Amazing the dividends it can repay to you. My reservation called for one room with a king bed and two rooms with 2 double beds .Upon arrival the hotel had set  aside 2 rooms with king beds and 1 room with a double bed. SURPRISE, the front desk clerk APOLOGIZED and immediately corrected this discrepency with absolutely no delay. Our rooms in the recently renovated South Tower, were clean, bathroom supplies plentiful, sufficient hot water for showers adequate water pressure (remember water is such a precious commodity in Vegas) working television, thermostat in the rooms that allow the guest to set the temperature to their personal liking, rooms cleaned in a timely matter.If you want to look out your hotel window to see something that offers some &quot;special view&quot; of the STRIP or downtown, or if some &quot;high&quot; threadcount number of the pillow and bedding is important or perhaps that complementary &quot;fishwrap&quot; or coffee and danish is provided as room service anexercise room with the latest state of the art equipment so one can work out to offset the negative effects of the prior evening's excessive eating and drinking, then the Riveria is not the place to stay. Otherwise for what the Riveria charges it's guest for a night's stay, and what one gets in exchange for that consideration, this property is one of the BEST OVERALL VALUES ON THE STRIP, AND THE STAFF IS ATTENTIVE AND FRIENDLY. JUST RETURN SAID CONSIDERATION !!!!	
May 29 2008 	TERRIBLE HOTEL FOR LESS MONEY STAY AT THE LUXOR HOTEL !	Hotel it is expensier than THE LUXOR, IMPERIAL PALACE, FLAMINGO, HARRA'S, WHYYYYY ???? can you imagine that ????bad location, nothing to do outside the hotel, far from downtown , and the strip areaI recommend to go to LUXOR OR FLAMINGOS HOTEL PER LESS MONEY.	
May 16 2008 	Had a great time	We have nothing but praise for the Riviera. We went for our 25th anniversary, and after informing the friendly lady at check in, she put us in one of the newly refurbished rooms. What a comfortable bed!Everyone was friendly, and since this was our first visit to Vegas, we were very pleased. Kristophers restaurant was excellent, both food and service surpassed our expectations.Service at Kady's was fast and pleasant, much better than Denny's down the street. On site car rental was convenient. Casino was clean and although we didn't come away with any riches, we don't gamble enough to expect that!!!These Canadians had a holiday to remember with fond memories. Would stay here again.	
May 8 2008 	Just So-So	Check-in (two hours early) took over an hour. The staff seemed to have the energy to talk to and shmooze with each other, but not serve the customers. Same experience at the Club sign-up and information counter. The room was acceptable, but with a TV stand that wouldn't stay in place so I had to wrestle with it in order to use the top drawer of the small dresser. Also the drawer was missing from the nightstand. The bathroom was clean and well maintained, but the shower head sprayed the water out so hard it felt like it would rip my skin off! If you go to this hotel and casino, you'd best be prepared to breathe a large quantity of second-hand smoke. The only places I did not encouner smoke was in my room and in the elevators. Everywhere else the smoke was so thick you could cut it. The dining options were not impressive and the quality of the buffet was atrocious... dried out spaghetti (at opening time!) and everything lacked flavor. When I had lunch at Kady's on my last day, the waiter served my lunch and never came back not even to bring my check. I had to settle up with the cashier who didn't seem to care that I received poor service. The table dealers were nice enough. The bed was comfortable enough. I wouldn't go back unless I needed to for a conference or other event.The best part of my stay at the Riviera was La Cage!	
May 7 2008 	OK as Long as You Stay in Refurbished Tower	I stayed 3 nights at the Riviera in 5/08. I stayed in the refurbished tower (room 465). The elevators for this tower are right around the corner from the registration desk. Registration and checkout were quick and easy.The rooms were standard size hotel rooms with 2 double beds. The beds appeared new with pillow top mattresses and 4 pillows for each bed. They were very nice. It appears that the room had been redone with a newer carpet along with a wide screen LCD TV. The bathroom was OK in that there had been some refurbishing but not totally since the faucets and shower head were not new. The bathroom was clean and OK. We paid a corporate special rate of $69 per night for a Friday through Monday stay and I thought it was a good value. We ate breakfast at Kady’s restaurant and the food was of good quality. The prices were higher than I thought they would be but the value was OK. There is an ABC store that is open 24/7 that has various food, drink and sundries. The casino was typical of the older Las Vegas casinos. Not new or real clean but not dirty. Table minimums were standard for that area and it was easy to get onto a blackjack table or play craps. They came around with drinks quite often. The Riviera is across the street from Slots-o-fun and Circus-Circus. There is not much else around it but if you have a car it’s no problem because all of the casinos have free parking. A shuttle ride from the airport is $7. In my future visits to Las Vegas, I would try to upgrade my accommodations but if the Riviera was the only place I could stay at for a good rate, I’d definitely stay there again – but only in the refurbished rooms!!	
May 6 2008 	Total Frustration	Came here for a conference. First, the reservation was incorrect and had me checking out the day I was arriving. The girl at thedesk implied that it was me who screwed it up, even after I showed her the email from the hotel confirming the dates. She was very huffy and advised me that the room I would have had not yet been cleaned, but that I could leave my luggage there. This room, in the Mediterranean Tower was the absolute pits. Small, stained, musty smelling, with an old fashioned under-the-window A/C that shook and rattled when I turned it on. After a trip to the VIP office, I was finally given a room in the Monte Carlo Tower where the conference rooms were all supposed to be booked. This room wasn't cleaned either, and when I returned at 9:30 pm that night, it still hadn't been cleaned. It took another two hours and countless calls to housekeeping and to the front desk to get someone there to clean it.The conference planners had been told that all the beds in this tower would have new European-style mattresses--wrong! The one on my bed was like sleeping on a pool table. The staff was rude, unfeeling, and unhelpful during the entire conference. They even failed to have the conference rooms ready on time.This is an old Vegas hotel, and although they state that they have done major renovations, little of it shows. We also heard rumors during the stay that the Riviera was being sold and would be torn down, this story was not verified. Avoid this hotel if you expect comfort and friendly, helpful staff. It does not exist here.	
Apr 29 2008 	not a bad place to stay	My husban and I were not sure about staying here because of all the bad reviews we read. When we got there we only found one thing to be true of the bad reviews. The staff at the front desk is not so friendly. Other than that everything else was good. They have good frozen margaritas and hot dogs in penny town also the slot mushines hit more often in penny town. Our room was a basic hotel room. There was a little walk from our room to the casino it wasn't to bad unless we forgot something. We liked that we could walk out of the casino and get the bus. When it was time to leave check out was fast. Over all our stay was good.	
Apr 24 2008 	Excellent value	Just returned having spent 7 nights at Riviera. Our first visit to Vegas, This is an old hotel, Las Vegas's history, it has character and glitz just the way it should be. We thought the Hotel excellent value for money. The rooms were clean, beds very comfortable, linen changed once through the week, bathrooms were clean and plenty of very clean towels. We ate in Kady's, very good, also breakfasted at Worlds Fare Buffet, Excellent food, great variety, great price. Staff were excellent. Pool Bar for quick breakfast very good. Hopefully the modernisation taking place won't take away the atmosphere! We would recommend the hotel and would definately stay again on our return to Vegas.We had read the reviews, and were very dubious about our stay.Can say now fears totally unfounded.We were a party of 6 from North Yorkshire.	
Apr 22 2008 	Watch out - you get what you pay for!	I would not go back. I made a reservation on Expedia and got a really good deal, especially as it was during a Conference when hotels were scarce. I had requested a non-smoking room with king size bed. I was given a smoking, with double beds instead. When I told them I had requested a non-smoking room I was curtly told that they do not guarantee room requests! The receptionist was not nice at all and seemed annoyed that I asked her to look for something else. When I asked if I could speak with the manager she told me the manager will just tell me what she told me. I then asked her, if I could switch rooms the following day and she reluctantly assigned me one (with a double!) and was told to call in the morning to arrange for my room change, but that I would not be able to get my new room until 4pm the next day!!! The smoking room was actually &quot;okay&quot;, but of course it smelled like smoke. It had pastel bedcovers and drapes (dated), but the bathroom was nice with marble title and the room had a great view. When I switch the next day, it was evident that they had downgraded me. Not only was the room much smaller, it had no view, the window was small and set next to a cornor of the room giving it a “closet” feel, and the wallpaper and hollow doors had worn out sections. The bathroom felt like an old motel (no marble here!) with a shower head that had a thick later of calcium build-up and in this room they gave you plastic cups not glass ones! The casino/hotel itself felt very dated and reeked of cigarette smoke throughout the lobbies. The pool area was nice though. I didn’t like the service or the fact that the hotel does not guarantee your smoking/non-smoking room requests! If you’re looking for a bargain, this might be it, but beware; you get what you pay for…	
Apr 19 2008 	Bargain hotel with inexpensive mini drug store	I booked this through the Riviera.com hotel website. Not much was available at the time so their site saved me and was much better priced.My sister and I stayed here and our other sister and her son rented a deluxe Flamingo room on the regular strip, so this gave us some advantages for pool fun.Pre-paying for this low rate of 2 nights, mid week, double beds, we were locked in to our chosen room.We chose the mid-line (superior) room for about $15-20 more.The room was clean and basic with decent temperature control and appointed amenities. The beds were comfortable and adequately size for my sister and myself each to sprawl out in our own bed after a late night of casino hopping. The hotel was quite without extraordinary noise affecting our stay. However, we were not there at the typical 10-6 sleeping hours most often. Daytime featured pool noise.We walked around the pool perimeter. The pool is above average size, rectangular. The pool was visible from our room. This was the main source of noise/ activity in the day time. A lifeguard is present. The pool area seemed un-spectacular and hotel basic. A little overly-occupied with kids for our single taste.I loved the two ABC stores (as in Hawaii). In the main shopping mall, a smaller-sized store dons water at the same prices as a drug store. They also sold Yellow Tail Wine, Contact Lens solution and trinkets. I bought our daily pool snacks, inexpensive Coca Cola and water at ABC. We carted water for our &quot;high-living&quot; Flamingo staying sister, who could not purchase low-priced water at the Flamingo. A larger ABC is near the check-in area.A super awesome feature was massage table instant service off the lobby near the Arcade. The price was extremely Vegas reasonable. It is the mall-type with tables in the open. We dined at the Thai restaurant, which was an amazing Vegas value with high quality and fast service. We couldn't believe we nailed $10 dinner in Vegas. The Thai restaurant is just off the casino floor with a casual diner/restaurant atmosphere. The small eatery was a nice break from noise and foot traffic.A mini food court leads to the street facing Circus Circus. Fast food is available but we noticed the ice cream parlor and donuts had closed in place of a now independently owned and operated smaller donut operator.All in all, I thought this was an excellent value and a fun location. I shopped at the Candy store, Pearl Jewelers, and fashion store.The least pleasant aspect of our stay was arrival. Turning into the hotel from the back area, past AM/PM Arco Gas Station (and also Hilton) we were a little lost. The entrance to hotel check-in was decrepid with poor asphalt and not so well marked. After locating the entrance (which looks like a back-employee entrance) we parked in temporary 20&quot; parking. We were greeted verbally by an over-worked bell-hop. We received little confirmation we were actually in the right place for check-in. Iffy.After leaving the car in the temp parking, we scooted in and to the left and forward and forward to finally locate the lobby, which is just as &quot;iffy&quot; in appearance. The black pearled laminate reminded me of an international airport ticket counter. Long, with several teller openings. Two women frantically checked in a line of 15 back. When I checked in, the attendant was curt, frazzled and in a big hurry. I slowed way down, and took time to ask all of the important questions regarding location, payment, and policy. I did not expect to get this girl to pick up the &quot;guest services can I help you&quot; phone call if she is one of the only attendants. I do believe we called down once but punted the idea quickly. We did not care, due to the high relative value of the overall accommodations.	
Apr 19 2008 	It really isn't a bad place	This was the second we had stayed at the Riviera. We were offered a free stay after the last trip. We wern't able to make it back to Vegas in the time frame allowed, but they offered us a discounted room when we called the slot host to book this stay. We had a room in the Monte Carlo tower and it was just fine with a view of the pool area. It was kept clean by the housekeepers. We found the check in great the young lady was nothing but kind and helpful. I believe they treat you much the same way as you treat them. We had no trouble at all. Unfortunatly unlike our last stay, we did not have any luck at all in the casino. We told the desk clerk and she called the slot host. He told her to comp our room. We left very happy and would most certainly come back again to stay and try our luck. We really do advise asking to stay in the Monte Carlo tower at the Riviera.	
Apr 16 2008 	Run Run away from this DUMP!	I stayed here cause it was the host hotel for a National conference I was attending. I should have changed my mind when the cab driver told me I was staying in the worst hotel in Vegas and he was right! The staff was rude, the rooms were tired at best (old linens, everything smelled like a stale ashtray!), the food was gastly. For $30 more I could have stayed at the Palazzo. If it hadn't been for the conference I would have changed hotels in a second. This place needs to be imploded!	
Apr 16 2008 	It was alright....	The hotel is ok. It's very old, and under some renovations. I was there for a conference, and some attendees had the new, renovated rooms, while others had the old rooms. Mine was somewhere in between. The TV didn't work for the majority of the time I was there. The check-in desk was not terribly helpful- they don't allow the same early check-in policy to people that book through third parties that book directly through the hotel. Foodwise, it was really good. They have a food court that allows for inexpensive options, which was great. They also have several full service restaurants. It's also very removed from the main strip area- so be aware that it's a 25 minute walk to the main area.	
Apr 15 2008	Bad Experience at Riviera Hotel	We had paid extra to get a better room. It had torn curtains, dirty bathroom and other small bad spots. Questioned it and they said it hadn't been remodeled yet. They did change our room, which was better but had a magnificient view of construction.Would suggest staying away until remodeling is compleat.	
Apr 9 2008	This place is a DUMP!!!!	I was attending a national conference in April 2008. When I checked into my room it had not been serviced from the prior guest (hey, things happen!). The bedspread was stained and looked to be 20 years old. Actually everything in the room was dated to the 80's. Spartan would be an understatement...bed, dresser and chair. I called the front desk and was able to move to another room, a junior suite for a $30.00 upgrade fee. Upon arrival at this room I found the bed and TV were upgraded, everything else the same. This room had a couch that was stained all over and each of the arms the fabric was ripped and the stuffing coming out, the carpet was old and nasty…wallpaper peeling off of the wall. Bathroom was old and rusty. I was then moved to a large suite ($70. more dollars) which was still out dated, but, at least clean. I'm not a really high maintenance person but draw the line when it comes to cleanliness. I was told by the bellman that it's not unusual for him to move guests 3-4 times before they give up (he’s bummed b/c it costs him $’s). Also learned that the hotel has filed bankruptcy twice in the last few years and is now owned by a bond company! I later found that many of the folks coming to the conference left the hotel and stayed elsewhere. I think they must have a few rooms that are decent and probably show these to the folks that are conducting site visits.BUYER BEWARE&gt;&gt;&gt;THIS IS A DUMP	
Apr 5 2008 	Bait and Switch	Asked for, and received, remodeled room. The website shows a beautiful room photo...don't be fooled! The only thing in the room that resembled the photo was the flat panel tv. The rest of the room was poorly decorated, dirty and poorly laid out. I could tell that the room was &quot;remodeled&quot; but the craftsmanship was very poor. The flowered curtains were a throwback to the 70's. I visited a friend's room at the Monte Carlo for the same price the attention to detail was noticeable.	
Apr 4 2008 	Horrible Experience from Check in / Construction / Check out	My 7-day hotel experience was miserable from the moment I walked up to the front desk, until the moment I left, dealing with an unpleasant management staff. It started when I was greeted by the front desk with &quot;what?&quot; instead of a pleasant &quot;how may I help you.&quot; Then, for 7 days straight, from 2 am - 4 am there was constant construction and bright lights directly outside my hotel window. When I contacted the front desk in the middle of the night I was told I could switch my room at 2 am, but otherwise there was nothing they could do regarding the construction. In the end, management was rude and wasn't willing to even discuss a reasonable discount, after multiple complaints regarding outside noise. Overall, I felt the Riviera's customer service was extremely poor and their management staff and front desk staff was rude on more than one occasion.	
Apr 2 2008 	Great Stay at the Riviera	Although I may be lucky in that my experience of the Riv seems to have been better than some, I do think that a lot of it is what you make it. STAFFI found the staff invariably helpful and friendly. I mention in particular Michael J in the bar, probably the most friendly and entertaining barman I ever met! The check-in staff were helpful to us, and here's a hint - if you want an upgrade, try the $20 trick, worked a treat for us! Even the guy who holds your bags after check-out was really nice. ROOMSVery basic, but clean and spacious, and we found the maid service very efficient.FOODDidn't eat at the Riv, so can't say. I highly recommend the buffet at the Hilton, just down the road. Also the Peppermill next door for basic meals. RECOMMENDATIONSGo the the bar at the Wynn if you want to feel like a movie star for the price of a glass of wine. Also Spago in Caesar's Palace. TRANSPORTRiv is near enough to walk to the Wynn (15 minutes), and from there to amble up and down the Strip. Bus is cheap if you want it. Get the airport shuttle there and back, it's cheaper than a taxi and no hassle.All in all, we loved our stay at the Riv, it's a touch of old Las Vegas which is disappearing. If I go back, that's where I'll stay.	
Apr 2 2008 	Horrible Staff but Clean Affordable rooms	I stayed at the Riviera Hotel from Friday 03/28 to Monday 03/31. When I first checked in the Asian lady who checked me in was super rude to me and then gave me the wrong room I had requested just talked to her about. I had to go back down to the front desk, carrying all of my stuff myself of course,after carrying my stuff up to the wrong room, and then she looked it up and gave me the right room after I waited in line again for 15 minutes.The Hotel was built in 1955 but the rooms are clean and there had been some renovations to the room I stayed in. It was clean and comfortable. I played in the casino some and found the crowd to be mostly older seasoned gamblers without much enthusiasm....but I didn't mind. The games are your standard fare.The worst part about the place is their rude bartenders, dealers and pit bosses who provide poor, slow service and act like you are bothering them ordering a drink or placing a bet. I was told this is because they are union members and do not care about providing qaulity service. This may or may not be true but I can attest to the poor service! There were some exceptions to the poor service: the waitresses at the roulette tables were nice and one bartender named sonny at one of the bars who works late shift was excellent. The rest I encountered loathed their customers. One in particular, a guy named Bud, was the absolute worst bartender I have ever seen an any of the many palces i have ever visited. He picked fights with his cusotmers and called them names or simply ignored some people while talking personal bsuiness with other staff members. I had to stand up on my stool and yell at the guy for him to finally come over and serve me and he was standing 5 feet away from me doing nothing!Also, I started winning at Roulette, I was up a few hundred dollars, and the Asian pit boss lady came over and asked me to go take a break because I win too much. I thought she was kidding at first, but she was not. I told her I would quit playing when I felt like it and she went back and stared me down the rest of the time I played. Horrible service!Also, when i checked out of the Hotel on Monday the bell hop said he didn't know how to get a taxi here since he was new and told me he had to go on a cigarette break. I had to go to the front desk to ask for directions to the taxi elevator.So my advice is, if you stay here, go somewhere else to drink and gamble andf then come back here to sleep or better yet..find another Hotel and Casino that provides decent service and is friendly to gamblers.	
Mar 25 2008 	Terrible	My husband and I stayed here as part of a conference. The conference was at this hotel so we stayed here out of convenience. The check-in staff were down right rude. It was obvious that they didn't care about our stay. We requested a room in the newer tower and when checking in, we confirmed this. Well, they said we were getting a newer room, but upon entering the room, it was clear we did not get what they said we were getting. The room was FILTHY and torn up! We went back downstairs and requested a particular tower and they did change our room. The second room was better, but not much. Don't eat at the buffet - it is bad. The hotel is so dated and badly in need of more renovations. No one in our group would recommend this place. The only positive aspect is the casino isn't very crowded. This hotel is located WAY down the strip and it is a long walk to get the the main strip (Bellagio, Paris, etc).	
Mar 23 2008 	Stay somewhere else...you'll save money!!!	This place is a complete dump. First, checking in took forever. Once we got to our rooms (a coworker and I were there for a conference), we were not impressed. The previous post who said the rooms were most recently renovated 40 years was right on. Not only were they dated, but not in good condition. I've slept on camping mattresses that were more comfortable. Seriously, look at the mattress, they are about 2 inches think! TV only got about 5 stations other than all the Hotel promo stations. Air conditioner was extremely loud and not very effective. The bathroom was falling apart. Remember this, turn on your hot water for at least 5 minutes before your shower or else you will only get cold water. This place gets you with fees everywhere, making it the same price in the end as some of the much nicer places on the strip. You may $10 a day for wireless, $4 a day for a safe, $12 a day to use the gym (which was a complete joke, the facility was pathetic), anyway they can get you, they will. I'd recommend staying somewhere a little more expensive, you'll save money in the end. Room Service and the Kristopher restaurant were awful....boring food that was way overpriced. I was very disappointed in our stay and wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Go somewhere else for a nicer, less expensive stay.	
Mar 22 2008 	3rd Time to Vegas 3 Stay at The Riv	My Wife and I stayed at the Riv along with my mom and dad For the My 3RD time vegas and her second, and my parents are veags veterans. We found the Riv great place to stay we are in our early 30s and found it less busy then the mega resorts and I like the old school feel of the place. Sure if you are goin to vegas to party all night and to live the lap of luxury this place is not for you but if you want a nice place to stay of a budget and a place where they treat their guest good .i would recomend this place to you. if you like the old school type of vegas it is great.	
Mar 17 2008	Nothing fancy about it	The hotel was sold out due to a convention over the two nights of my stay. I was in the Monaco Tower. The rooms are neat and clean, but a bit dated. No central heat/air, but a window-unit type machine that rumbles in the corner of the room. No overhead lighting, but 3 small wall lamps placed around the room. The bathroom fan runs when you turn on the light - annoying.Once you get in your room, nothing is complimentary - $3.50 per day for the in-room safe and $9.95 for 24-hours of wireless internet service. No coffee maker in the room, but there was an iron/ironing board.Room service took over an hour to deliver a chicken quesadilla, but they did say 'about 45 minutes' when I placed the order and called back to inform me they were 'backed up and it would be an hour'.	
Mar 14 2008 	Hotel was built in 1955 and the rooms haven't changed a bit!	I just attended a conference held at the Riviera Hotel &amp; Casino in Las Vegas. It was built in 1955 and I don't think they have ever updated their rooms. Once I checked myself in (I'm not kidding--they act like it's high tech, but I was really just doing their work), I asked if the room that the computer randomly picked for me was in the newer section. The clerk told me that the newest rooms are over 40 years old. I thought she was kidding until I unlocked the door and realized that it looked like a Motel 6 inside. The bathroom was very tiny! And, the conference rate for this hotel was over $135/night. Thankfully, for the first 4 nights (Fri - Mon), I was able to stay at the Las Vegas Hilton across the street for $79.95 and only had to stay at the Riviera for one night. Trust me on this one and try something else...You'll be glad you did!	
Mar 14 2008 	Riviera rules ok!!!!	After staying at the Riviera me and my girlfriend would highly recommend the property. After reading reviews of the hotel we were slightly apprehensive, but as soon as we arrived we new we had made an excellent choice. The hotel itself is typical of old Vegas with a dash of modern perks. For the price we believe the Riviera cannot be beaten and would stay there again and again without hesitation.	
Mar 12 2008	Bleh	Customer service was horrible - very rude at check in. They didn't explain the process to us. They get mad at you if you don't do as they say right away - even if you can't understand their broken English. They promised my room to be finished by 4 p.m. It wasn't ready until 4:20 p.m. Dealers at the table games aren't good with tourists - very rude and expect you to know the table etiquette without telling you about it first. If you do something wrong(one dealer wanted us to sweep the cards toward us if we wanted to hit. the other dealer wanted us to just scratch the cards if you wanted to hit and got mad if you touched the cards more than once), they yell at you and make you feel dumb. More of a hotel for older people.Go to another casino if you want to gamble. Also...a waitress at the nearby Peppermill told us that the Riviera and the land around it had been sold by the owner. She's not sure what's going to happen to the Riviera and the land around it. Take that for what it's worth	
Mar 4 2008 	Pretty Cheesy	This hotel employs front desk staff that used to work for the telephone company (think Lily Tomlin). You would think they were the only hotel in Las Vegas and could afford to be rude.When I checked in, none of my requests were honored, the lady was quite pleased to tell me. These outrageous requests included a refrigerator for my medication and a particular tower (they have 5 I think) that was convenient for me.The good news is that the room I did get looked like a recent renovation and was tidy.The public areas stink from old sweat and old and new smoke.I do not recommend.	
Mar 4 2008 	Jus OK	We stayed at the Riveria because my husbands convention was booked here and the rates were decent for a weekend stay @ $118 a night Thursday through Sunday. The rooms were very average, quality of a Holiday Inn or Best Western. The bathroom was clean but tiny, fiberglass bathtub/shower and yes, the shower head is incredibly low so if you are tall you will have to be like Gumby and bend a little.We had a king size bed with four lackluster pillows. I tipped the maid to bring 3 more pillows and they were in our room when it was made up in the afternoon. Infact, maid service was very friendly in the halls. TV has basic channels with movies for purchase. Rooms in the Montecarlo tower have small windows with air conditioner units below them. NOISY units! There is no way we could have slept with those on if it had been hot outside. Windows cracks open maybe 1&quot;, not enough to get any air in the room so it tends to be a little stuffy at night.The hotel looks to have been added onto several times over the last 50 years and it's a bit disjointed. Supposedly the renovated rooms are in the MonteCarlo tower where we were but neither our friend staying on floor 53 or our floor of 59 saw any signs of them other than the posters in lobby.Our wall had a hole punched into it with no attempt to fix it. Bedspread had a big cigarette burn hole on the underside. Check-in problem. I flew into town ahead of my husband and tried to check into the room. Because he had booked it under his name they would not allow me into the room. My husband was flying in 5 hours behind me. Only by reaching him right before he was getting on the plane (thank god he hadn't turned off his phone yet) he was able to tallk to the desk manager and give him his cc # for proof. What was the worst that could have happened since I was giving him my cc# when they finally let me check in?? good grief.The hotel has several ABC stores to pick up soda, water, beer, whatever....the casino isn't all that big. I like penny slots and there weren't very many. I was given free tickets to go and see the Bay City Rollers in the hotel by someone in the casino (thanks!) and had a good time passing the time until my husband arrived.Service @ Kady's. Husband and his friend went at 6:30 AM on Friday and service/food was good. They went again on Saturday @ 7:30 and service/food was horrible. There is also a food court with about 5 choices: Kentucky Fried C., Pizza, Chinese, Philly Steak Sandwiches and?? just okay. Go out to some of the better restaurants. We went to the California for the off the menu complete Porterhouse steak dinner ($18.50) and it was excellent and also went to TI for the buffet--good choices at the buffet.Would I stay here again? No way. I like a bit more ambiance in my Vegas hotel. I've stayed at the Mirage, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, HGVC and really prefered all of those over the Riveria. These guys need to hurry up with the renovations as there are other hotels of the same age that are much higher quality than this place. One last note...the bellman inside the hotel was quite rude with us when we checked our bags at checkout time. He was trying to hardsell us into taking a taxi to the airport. Just as an FYI, if you buy a 24hr Deuce pass for the bus that runs on the strip, you can catch the 108 bus that runs along Paradise Rd. on the backside of the hotel to the airport. A one trip ticket is only $1.25 to the airport or single trips on the Deuce are $2.00. Buy the 24 hr pass if you think you might use the buses. A great, quick mode of transportation from airport to the Riveria. We used the bus system extensively on this trip, out to the Premuim Outlet Mall, out to Freemont St. out to Hash House a go-go restaurant, all along the strip and to and from the airport. Go green and there's no need for a rental car.	
Feb 29 2008 	A safe bet in Vegas	I just returned from a few day stay at the Riviera. Here is the great, good, bad &amp; ugly with some bottom line recommendations - and 'the' review question answered (would I stay there again?) . . .GREAT* The Riviera is perfectly located for a visitor to the Las Vegas Convention Center (LVCC) in town for a show. You can walk to the LVCC, and still be situated relatively in the 'heart' of things.GOOD* I am on the management of many a show at the LVCC this year and the Riviera almost always represents a good value, IF you are realistic and don't come expecting the Venetian or Mandalay Bay. * It looks like they have done a lot of renovating since I've last been there. Things are clean and look renovated. The Riviera trys to sell itself as 'vintage Vegas' and even draws a connection to the rat pack era on the hotel website. This is a good idea for an aging hotel / casino in Vegas, but I don't quite get the connection - even before the renovation The Riviera didn't look as 'rat pack vintage' as it looked . . . 80's. Again though, things are very clean - including the rooms.* The Riviera is highly 'manageable' - it's actually a nice break from the new gargantuan 'mini city' properties where you can be there a week and still get lost.BAD (room for improvement)* While the rooms are clean &amp; nice (I stayed in the Monaco Tower) they look like every other hotel room you've ever stayed in your whole life. There is really zero 'Vegas factor' in even their upper-end rooms. When you're in your room you might as well be in a 3 star in Cleveland. Nowhere will you find impressive views of the strip either - you will be greeted with a view of the Gold Lot of the LVCC or Circus Circus across the street, a hotel The Riviera would, I'm sure, like to distance themselves from in the image department.* They have a posted check-in time of 4 pm which seems unusually stringent - I can't complain, they let me check-in just before noon BECAUSE they had availability. If they didn't it would have been a hassle to have to check in as late as 4 pm - what if you were on vacation and wanted to use the pool? UGLY* (nothing particularly ugly)BOTTOM LINE / RECOMMENDATIONS* The Riviera is a solid value and highly manageable, but . . . in my opinion they really missed a BIG OPPORTUNITY in their renovation. Since they are renovating anyway, why renovate with 'clean blandness'? If they want to compare themselves to 'Rat pack vintage vegas' why not renovate that way? REALLY connecting to old Vegas is a theme that someone will cash in on. There are a lot of Vegas regulars that are probably tiring of the 'spring break' crowd and would love a nostalgic theme.* The Riviera is a safe bet in Vegas, but . . . is a safe bet always a good thing? Still, this was just the first of many trips to vegas I'll be taking this year - i'm sure I'll be back to The Riviera. Write me if you wish - jefnac@hotmail.com	
Feb 27 2008 	Third stay at the Riv	Stayed at the Riviera Hotel for the third time. We did not know at the time of booking our trip that they were having an archery convention the same weekend we were there. The hotel was crowded and completely booked, and since our flight was delayed due to an ice storm in the St Louis area, by the time we got to the hotel there were no rooms left with a King bed. Our only option was two full-sized beds, and so we were very crowded sleeping.As others have stated, the hotel is older, but it is also a lot cheaper to stay here than the newer hotels. We were not in our room except the short times we slept and to shower anyway, so we didn't care the room was older. It was cleaned nicely each day for us. The walls seemed a little thin, we could hear someone using the restroom in theri room through the walls one morning- ha!The casino area is very smoky, I smoke but still found it smoky and since I wear contacts my eyes were irritated a lot of the time.Kady's Cofee Shop had very good breakfast food, a little expensive but what isn't in Vegas?I do not recommend going to Slots-A-Fun across the street from The Riv, it is very seedy and old. The slot machines still pay out in actual change instead of tickets. They had a 50 cent Roulette table, I bought in for $50 to see how I could do. The woman working was new and also could not speak much English. She tried to rip me off $20 and I had to demand to see the manager to get my money back. Won't go there again, except to grab a cheap drink and hot dog, it's the only thing it has going for it.All in all, a good inexpensive stay in Vegas. If you are looking for a good price, and no fancy frills, the Riviera would be for you. I would still stay there again.	
Feb 16 2008 	Not bad but not great	We decided to stay at the Riviera because we were attending a convention at the same facility. Our room was non-smoking with a king size bed. The room was nice, but not spectacular. Room likes - flat screen TV - 27 inches, pillow top bed and comfortable pillows, clean looking and comfortable comforter, bathroom sink, view was of strip, can checkout and see billing using TV. Dislikes - showerhead was low (I'm 6'4&quot;, so this is usually a problem) and a very basic one, no other settings, bathtub flow was very slow, there was a large space for a small fridge, but no fridge was found, alarm on clock did not work.Dining - ate at coffee shop late at night. Food and service was good. Food court had a nice variety, but only one served breakfast, so there was a long line. The buffet was bad. Rolls were hard as rocks, very few vegetables, and most the food was overfried and overcooked. Service was good, but who goes to a buffet for the service?Casino - Very smoky, small and felt old compared to other casinos in the area. Not many gaming tables.Convention - good job here. Lots of space and very friendly. Parking - was free, valet was fast and very helpful.Hotel in general - close to the monorail station at the Hilton, within walking distance of the Winn and Fashion Mall. ABC stores in mall were easy to get to and well stocked. Other stores obviously catered to middle-aged to older crowd fashionwise. Did not like harassment by time-share employees, you expect this on the strip, but shouldn't happen in a hotel. Shows seemed very cheesy (did not see any, but from what I saw on the hotel channel, none of the shows made me want to see them.) Might see comedy show if had free tickets - no name comedians.Overall, not bad, but not great. Needs a serious makeover to compete with surrounding hotels. Avoid the buffet at all costs (walk to the Hilton - great dinner buffet). See the shows if you get free tickets. Gamble at another casino where there is more going on. Stay if you have a convention or you get a good price.	
Feb 10 2008 	Skip the Riviera.	Skip this property until construction is done next door. Loud 24 hrs construction of the Fountainbleu. Stayed in the north tower and the windows are old single pane and don't close. I walked to the Sahara and found it alot more appealing. The Riviera is undergoing a renovation of their rooms. Well overdue.	
Feb 6 2008	Choose another hotel on the strip or even off the strip	Rooms seemed clean but there was so much wrong...the layout made everything feel bass akwards...everything off center which seemed uncomfortable to say the least. It took me 20 minutes to run a bath...no coffee unless you want to go thru the casino to buy some..the service was horrible. No remote, no room service menu, a lady at the front desk actually rolled her eyes at the sight of a handicapped lady pulling up in a scooter which sums up the overall experience. They are planning to remodel. but no signs of the BIG remodel. I'm usually optimistic but this hotel just set the tone for the trip...and one of the worst things was being solicited by aggressive time share salesman everytime we came and went..witihin the hotel...you have to walk be them before you can get to anything..elevators, casino, etc....ick!! Answer no to the following: married, live together, how old are you, are you staying here overnight, do you speak english...pulease...i dont know which was worse..the hotel solicitors or the ones up and down the strip flicking the nudity cards at you...	
Jan 22 2008 	We found little wrong!	I was anxious after reading a lot of the reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. When we checked in, we were given a free upgrade to a petit suite. The room was very spacious, with granite countertopped bar area with a fridge. The bathroom was adequate size with tile floor. The bed was very comfortable and absolutely no signs of any bugs, rats or other crawly things. The rooms was quite clean. We ate twice at Katy's, once for dinner and once for breakfast (service was erratic, took forever to get our food which was not well prepared) and twice at the breakfast buffet (good selection, great made-to-order omelets, good value). The casino could be updated sure, but is not the disaster some previous reviewers indicated. We did quite well there one night playing the slots. The staff was always gracious and helpful (with the exception of Katy's - I think they are understaffed which leads to a lot of the problems there). We had no trouble with valet parking and they were always prompt in retrieving our car. Overall, I would say it was a good value. If you expect the Ritz, you will be disappointed. But I have stayed at the &quot;better&quot; hotels in Vegas and I would go back to the Riviera before I booked at the Ritz!	
Jan 20 2008 	Average	I was nervous about staying at the Riviera after reading a lot of the reviews. It was not that bad. I would consider the hotel to be &quot;average.&quot; Our non-smoking room was clean except the bathroom smelled a little bit like smoke. The beds were average comfort. I had no problems with the staff. The walk to the nearest monorail station was not very far. Parking was free. The Riviera is conveniently located for easy access the the strip and generally inexpensive.	
Jan 18 2008 	Just another hotel	The only thing going for this place was the price - the room was very standard and boring and smelt of smoke.	
Jan 16 2008	Good value for the money	I booked this at a Vegas website for a very good price air @hotel but after reading the reviews I was concerned especially because my son (over 30) had never been to Vegas and is germophobic.The check-in at 12:00 was painless and after getting our room we talked to the bellcap about getting an upgrade. He suggested reguesting a room with a refrigerator due to &quot;whatever&quot;. I spoke to the head clerk who was happy to oblige. The room was great, the staff were friendly and helpful and we even enjoyed the food. Just remember you get what you pay for so keep your expectations reasonable.	
Jan 16 2008	Original Vegas at its Best	Location: Top end of strip. Walking distance to Theme Park and most other attractions. Most other palces can be reached by bus which stops constantly outside. Location fine.Rooms: Good size rooms. Perhaps in need of a little modernisation - but only slightly. Cant complain.Rates: Always excellent value. Pool: Large. Did not use it due to time of year. If I went in summer I would probably use it.Casino: Great atmosphere. Orginal las vegas - no new style tourist nonsense.Restaurants - could be better. However, step outside and you have hundreds of choices.Shows - best in vegas without a doubt.Atmosphere - Great old style Las Vegas Tourists - great for tourists even those with kids - adventuredome is across the road.Would I go back - yes	
Jan 7 2008	getting worse	We have stayed here for 8 straight years. The comps and property itself are getting to be shabby to say the least. Keep waiting to see the latest hotel emploded.It serves a purpose as a cheap hotel, but if they cant give back to the mid range gamblers, they might as well close up shop.	
Jan 7 2008 	Not as bad as everyone says it is!!!	I stayed at the Riviera Hotel &amp; Casino for the turn of the new year. I initially had misgivings, what with all the reviews I read about rude staff and bed bugs and the rooms being run down. I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised!! Check in and check out were both a long process, but I believe to be expected especially since it was a major holiday. All the staff that I dealt with were very polite and helpful. The price for the room was good. There's nothing special about the room- it was just a standard room. But it was not run down. The mattress was new, and the furniture looked nice. I examined the room for bed bugs and found none, nor any evidence of any. That was one of my biggest fears, but I did find that you will get reviews of bedbugs at just about any hotel you look up in Vegas, even the &quot;nice&quot; hotels. One day we slept in and had our &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign out, and the maid was nice enough to actually call our room around 11:00am to find out if we would like maid service for that day. I thought that was pretty cool!! Overall, our stay was pretty good. I don't understand people who write reviews about the hotel being so run down and outdated. This isn't the Bellagio or the MGM people!! If you want the best amenities, then you'll have to fork over $200-400.00 a night to have the best! That's like comparing apples to oranges. Well, for anyone who's on a budget and is just looking for a quiet place to lay their head at night, the Riviera would be a good choice!! It's a bit off the beaten path if you're looking for the action on the strip, but a short cab ride or bus ride will get you where you need to go. We stayed in the Monaco Tower during our stay. I'm not sure if it is newly remodeled or not, but it was a good, clean room and I would stay at the Riviera again.	
Jan 4 2008 	Had a positive experience	I found my stay at the Riviera to be comfortable and friendly, even though the hotel is a bit dated. The day of our departure, tarps were going up for their major renovation. As part of a tour, I was able to see some remodeled rooms and public areas and was satisfied with the efforts the property was making to improve. The air filtration system worked well at eliminating smoke in the Casino, a major plus for me. The dining areas were more on the homey side, but for business travel, I'm not going to afford a celebrity chef restaurant on my per diem anyway. Other resorts/casinos, like the Wynn are in close proximity and the meeting facilities are first rate. My accommodations, a suite, were clean and well appointed, the only drawback being the low shower head, which was not raised during the renovation. The marble tiles in my bathrooms were beautiful, as was the decor in my living area.	
Jan 2 2008	Threadbare Taste of the Old Vegas	I didn't stay here but my father did. He was a bit sorry that I was in the Wynn and he ended up here. That's not to say the place is particularly bad, although it is dingy and threadbare, it's just that the contrast between the newest and one of the oldest Strip hotels is very marked. We didn't visit the buffet here as it reminded us all of school dinners, down to the depressed-looking staff.There are a lot of posters advertising the hotel's better days, including the time when both Johnny Cash and Barbra Streisand performed here. This just makes the place seem poignant, like a distressed seaside hotel in Blackpool. The casino is uber smoky but since gambling doesn't interest me (I'm English, so can gamble whenever I like), this was just a minor irritation. The service was apparently OK, but the small and cheap-looking toiletries in the bathroom made me feel sad.	
Dec 27 2007 	Not terrible--some day this could be a really fun place	I basically like the Riv. People are nice, the Katys Cafe for breakfast is good but they need to have someone walk around and 'LOOK' at this place. For example, I noticed the food court area is just nasty. Dirty in all the corners and just not nice. The food I had was OK but if I could've eaten somewhere else that'd be my preference. We didn't go to the buffet this time as we didn't get comps for it but last time here I decided it's like college food, you know? The casino and the lobbys are just run down, like construction barriers are up all over but they never quite get everything fixed. In Cesears sports book there is a huge TV (100 inch?)with HD and nice leather chairs, here you get 1 30 inch and 4 19 inch TV's with fuzzy pictures and like banquet room chairs.  The room was OK, someone said Best Western style and that's true, We didn't get the remodeled rooms witht the flat screen TV or new beds but they are supposed to be nice. Ours was clean and no bugs, just old. The pool is out of commision till it warms up I suppose. We get lots of offers by mail to come back but unless it's free I probably will stay down the strip somewhere else.	
Dec 21 2007 	Do Not Stay Here	Booking this hotel was a huge mistake. We will never stay here again. We had one of the &quot;renovated&quot; rooms which means the old hinges and water stains had been painted over. There was mildew in the tub area - I could wipe it off with a towel so I assume the maid could have done that too. We also spotted cockroaches here and there. The windows were so dirty you could barely see out. Our son and daughter in law had to take a smoking room the first night despite reserving non-smoking. It stunk so bad we couldn't stand to be in it. Bloodstains on the sheets! The casino was so smoky we all developed allergy conditions even though there was hardly anyone in it even on Friday and Saturday night. I Learned a great lesson that you truly do get what you pay for - which was not much here. Pay a little more and stay at a decent place.	
Dec 19 2007 	Ole Style	Rooms are clean best western style. Positives are that the hotel is near the Wynn. However, you have to walk thru a sketchy area to get to the Wynn. When we checked in we were told there were only smoking doubles available regardless of reserving a king nonsmoking. Hotel is smoky. They are redoing the pool. Style of hotel is 70's with mirrors, flora carpeting, old lighting no new eating establishments and railing. only one elevator worked for our tower.	
Dec 14 2007	Bed Bugs Galore!	I did quite a bit of research before I booked two rooms for a trip in Las Vegas with my friends.I decided to take a chance with Riviera since it had a decent number of positive reviews.I was wronged!All of us developed an allergy which we confirmed was because of the bed bugs present in the rooms of the Riviera.My suggestion: Pay more and stay in a better hotel.	
Dec 10 2007 	The Riviera = Good Value	If you want to stay on the strip and keep your costs down then The Riviera is great. I was very concerned before leaving for Vegas but was pleasantly surprised. We had to stay on a budget but wouldn't stay at fleebag hotel. We were on the 8th floor overlooking The Circus Circus (I woudn't stay there, the casino smells bad ) in a renovated room. There were no Cockroaches or bed bugs as reported in an earlier review. (I did a thorough check) I felt the quality was the same as an average Holiday Inn. If you're looking for opulence you won't find it here. You definately want Caezars Palace, The Wynn or Bellagio. You can also have the huge room rate too. These hotels are gorgeous and centrally located. Next time I may stay at Caezars Palace but I will have to be prepared for the higher costs. The Riviera in our case worked out great. The Deuce double decker bus is great and the stop is right out the front door. I recommend buying a $5 bus pass across the street near Slots of Fun. You can ride the bus up and down the strip as much as you want. This pass is good for 24 hours from the time you buy it. The busses come every few minutes. This bus will also take you downtown to Fremont st. Where the Golden Nugget and other casino's are. If you want a good Outlet Mall I suggest going to Fashion Show Mall (in the food court) and buying a bus pass to the outlet mall on the border of Nevada /California. It's a 40 minute ride. Look for coupon books to get you a 2 for 1 pass. The bus ride is $15 return each otherwise. One last thing, bring good comfortable walking shoes if you want to see Las Vegas. I wasn't prepared and so had to buy a pair.	
Nov 29 2007	Pay $30 More Dollars for Bally's or Tropicana	My Uncle had 4 Free nights because of his prior trip gambling. Saturday was really expensive I usually shell out more cash for a better hotel in Vegas. I booked the Mirage for Saturday and Sunday at a bargain price of $150.00. I figured one night wont hurt OMG this place is old, scarry and depresseing. It got stuck in 70's EVERYTHING staff,decor,restaurants and rooms. It was ridicoulous, we got called WET BACK's at the bar by the bartender. You need to take it from the source I laughed up because it was some old white trash fart. You know one of those degegenarate gamblers who got stuck in Vegas wasting their lives. The same went for the entire STAFF we complained and they laughed at us. So we went up higher to the manager and they offered us free dinner and we signed a formal complaint for the union. I tought it was funny I just wanted out and into the Mirage could not wait for cheking time at the Mirage. That corner of the strip is SUPER scary at night, you see nothing but Call Girls, their PIMPS and drug dealers. You either want to go east of the strip and stay at the Hilton or pay more money and towards the center of the strip. For a little more money you can stay at Bally's, Harra's . Tropicana these are all good bargains for you're buck and decent normal solid hotels. STAY AWAY FROM THAT CORNER TRUST ME NO RIVIERA NO CIRCUS CIRCUS	
Nov 25 2007 	not clean enough cockroaches	We stayed in the Riviera hotel for three nights. The first night I went to bed I saw a small insect walking on my bed, I killed it thinking it looked like a cockroach. Next morning I went to the bathroom and I saw a bigger one walking on the wall, IT WAS A COCKROACH...I went to talk to the manager and he didn´t seem surprise at all. He said that because the temperatures just dropped, they went inside the buildings to be warm. He also told me that maybe I had food on my room and that was the reason they had became active. I told him I didn´t have any food and that I wanted a clean room in another tower. He gave me a new one but it was dirty, so I requested a new one again. I finally got one that seemed to be clean, but the bathroom didn´t have any ventilation so the whole room smelled weird.I wouldn´t recomend this hotel. They really need to fumigate it.	
Nov 19 2007 	Very Clean Very Friendly	We stayed at the Riviera 8/7 and 8/8 during a quick trip to Vegas. We were both pleased with our accomodations; the room was very clean, with plenty of towels and washcloths (the towels were huge). And the soap was larger than the size of a dinner mint, which I like (I hate those extra-small bars of soap). We ate in Kady's Restaurant a couple of times, and it ws very good, for both breakfast and lunch. Kady's had huge portions.We ate at the buffet one night, which was good.We saw Le Cage, which was very good.The casino is very clean, and the blackjack dealers are very friendly, and will help you out. The video poker at the bars were fun, and the bartenders very friendly. Stay away from penny slots, and keep with quarters or more ....... have fun!!!	
Nov 18 2007	They should IMPLODE it.......	Old, scary location, Staff is not helpful at all. I know it isn't the Bellagio - but even Holiday Inn Expresses have helpful staff.The Beauty salon is a real tripI guess the best thing about the hotel was the club sandwich I orderedthrough room service.I don't care if they gave me a free room - I'd not stay any further north on the strip than the Wynn hotel.	
Nov 14 2007 	We Love the Riviera	I am reading these reviews and wonder. We go to Vegas 5 times a year and almost always stay at the Riviera. Yes it is towards the end of the strip. But there is a double decker bus that you can get a 24 hour pass for $5 and you get picked up and dropped off right in front of the hotel. Why would anyone take a cab?The buffet is expensive, but Vegas does not have the cheap eats like they use to so the buffet price is about the same as some of the others although I do not like their buffet. Usually print the coupons off the website for Kaddys (the coffee shop) and that is where we eat. They have pretty good food.I am a travel agent and I do a lot of traveling and spend a lot of time in hotels especially checking them out.This is a more laid back crowd. The casinos are not as crowded as some of the bigger hotels but we have won a lot of money at the Riviera. Reading the reviews on the rooms people have had. I am not sure where they are staying, but our room has always been nice. They are pretty big, and we have always had a fridge in the room. Rooms have always been very clean. Could use update on the bathrooms, but they are decent.Last year I stayed at the Mandalay Bay Would never stay again. Talk about unfriendly. At Rivieria never have problem getting drink in the casino unless it is really early in morning or during shift change.Dealers. There are a lot of frindly dealers as well as unfriendly. I usually figure out who I like and that is where I sit.Easy to get comps here if you play slots, but need to make sure you get a card and use it. Only place we have ever been comped maybe that is why we go back. We have played at others hoping to maybe stay somewhere else, but at the bigger hotels it is hard to get Comp room. Hope this helps. I do spend a lot of time and money checking out hotels so I know where to send my clients. For someone who wants to be in the middle of everything that is going on this is not the place for you. For someone that needs a place to stay and dosent mind spending $5 to take the bus which goes everywhere including downtown this is the place to stay. It has always been clean and we have been staying here 7 years. Have also stayed at Excaliber, Monte Carlo and Mandalay Bay.	
Nov 8 2007 	Stay Somewhere Else!	This was my first time to Vegas! I decided to book a stay at this hotel because of the low price! I visited Las Vegas for my 21st Birthday and thought it would be wise to save on the hotel and splurge on activities. I was WRONG!!! This place was way below standard! Totally outdated. The casino was dead and the buffet was expensive compared to the ritzier hotels! The worst was the shower... It fell like i was being beat! the water was So hard, it made my skin dry for a week! The location was on the boring side of the strip! We spent A LOT of money on cab fare just to find the excitement on the strip!!! Next time I plan to stay at Treasure Island! I went there for the pirate show and some drinks! Now, that was a NICE Hotel! Perfect Location! Friendly Staff! It was so alive and the prices on Hotels.com are not that high!!	
Nov 7 2007 	Gross	This hotle is terrible, I have stayed in over 25 hotels in Vegas, 7 this year alone and this is bottom of the barrell. Go elsewhere!	
Nov 3 2007	TERRIBLE SERVICE	I reserved this hotel stay about 6 months early for the SEMA show for the week of October 30 - November 2.We reserved 3 rooms, I called 2 weeks prior to arrival to confirm our reservation, everything was good to go.When we first got there, we had to pay $30.00 to park which we then had to ask for our refund since we were staying there. We proceeded to check in and they didn't have our reservation on file. We then talked to the Manager Mark T. OMG NO HELP at all, He didn't want to help us into a room at all. When we finally left about an hour of arguing back in forth, during this time, we noticed many other unsatisfied customers being directed to the manager and he didn't want to help them either. When we finally were leaving we told him we wanted a refund for the deposit he charged on our credit card. He then told us that he couldn't refund our deposit for 3 rooms without a 48 hour notice.We really started a big scene, first our reservation didn't mean anything, keeping in mind we had our confirmation papers in hand, then they didn't have our rooms available, and he had the nerve to not wanting to refund our deposit. We told him we were not leaving until we had our deposit refunded, which after another 30 minutes he finally did and we left.I would WARN everyone to BEAWARE of this hotel and even though you check and double check your reservation, your best bet is to just go elsewhere and save the hassle. Needless to say we ended up at the LUXOR with the same rate, and WAY BETTER service.	
Nov 1 2007 	Delivered what they promised	We stayed here for 5 nights paying a convention rate of $110 plus tax per night. Just before we left on the trip, I looked at the hotel website and there were rooms available at $49. We were in the Mediterranean South Tower which has &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms. The room was quite spacious but did not have sofa or armchairs. The furniture really consisted of a bed, night tables and small table with two chairs. There was also an average size TV on a stand.On the positive side, this was probably the cleanest room that I have stayed in in Vegas. The bathrooms seemed very fresh although not renovated in a luxurious style.The pool area was not luxurious either but certainly adequate for spending the day at. There was no wait staff serving the pool area but it was fairly easy just to enter the casino to get a take-out drink.We did not gamble at all but the casino looked fairly empty most of the time.We ate once at Kristofer's Steak House which has a very 80s style to it however, the food was quite good. My husband ordered the prime rib and it came in a huge portion.We also went to the Riviera Comedy Club one night. One of the comedians was quite good and worth the ticket price ($20, I believe).All in all, this is a good hotel (I emphasize the cleanliness) especially if you can get if for a discount price.	
Oct 29 2007 	We had Hoped for Nicer	Well what can I say the about the Rivera, It is an older hotel that seems to cater to an older crowd. The rooms were clean but dated, no coffee maker, no refrigerator, plastic glasses closet that was so small that it would not shut because the hangers were wider than the closet. The dealers were not the friendliest folks I have ever met but they were not really rude either. I would not stay here again but it is more likely that I have become spoiled and I am willing to pay a little more for the creature comforts we have become accustomed to. For a cheap place to stay that is away from most all the attractions then this could be your place, but if you figure the cab fare to where you want to go then it might be just as cheap to stay at a little nicer more expensive hotel. Just my .02$ worth.By the way the Jimmy buffet concert was great, the $25 Cover to the Ghost bar in the Palms is worth it, The Steak house Smith &amp; Woulensky was great and open late. And Finally the ride the BIG SHOT on top of the Stratosphere is worth the price, and a once and a lifetime experience, and the Rollercoaster at NYNY was great according to my wife	
Oct 27 2007 	Vintage Hotel	Booked this hotel because of convention convenience. First, reservations made months in advance with a request for non-smoking, king-bed. When we arrived told not available, given smoking with double beds, but they would be happy to move us the next day. Ugh! Not a good start. Our first room was in the North tower, small, noisy, loud and very tired looking. The hallways finally quieted down around 3AM. The next morning I complained to the front desk and was moved to the Monaco Tower. Requested a room toward the end of the hallway and this hallway was not as noisy. The room was still tired looking and had a connecting door to which we could hear more than we wanted too from our neighbors, but our maid service was pretty good. Thanks Maria! Front desk staff impartial and not very friendly. When checking out my husband wanted to check our bill and the front desk clerk actually rolled her eyes and seemed impatient. So, unless you are trapped at this hotel because of business, I would defintely recommend somewhere else.	
Oct 24 2007 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Riviera Hotel from October 17 to October 22, 2007It is a great place to stay. The hotel room and bathroom were very clean.The reception staff were friendly and helpful.I liked having the ABC store there. handy for buying all items Overall great stay and would recommend the hotel. Only a short bus ride to the main attractions and other hotels on the strip. Gang from Toronto	
Oct 19 2007	Nice for a short trip	We booked this hotel as it was cheap and we had an extra night to play with before moving to our chosen hotel in Vegas.Hotel is easy to find just off the strip towards the north end.Main reason for booking was to visit the North end of the strip mainly the Stratosphere.Asked for a room on a high floor with a view of the strip, got the high floor but the view of the strip unfortunately resulted in the building site between here and the Stratosphere.That seems to be a risk you take with Vegas at the moment, there is loads of building going on.Room was clean and had everything we needed. Pool are was nice, although bloke who hands out the towel is rude and makes you sign for them.Breakfast buffet was lovely, loads of choice.If you are after a cheap hotel on the strip then look at this one. Location wise although it is on the strip it is a fair way from the nicer hotels so I would be tempted to stay off the strip if it is a cheaper stay you are looking for.No complaints, hotel did what we wanted for one night so average score givenOne cheeky thing was a daily £1.84 energy surcharge that I was never advised about. Only a small amount but thats not the point	
Oct 16 2007 	Not too bad	I work in hotels, so I tend to be a little pickier than most, so although I was not wowed, I was pleasantly surprised. My boyfriend and I had booked a hotel on Freemont Street, which was a horrible mistake, and had to make last minute arrangments, which sent us here. I was not expecting much for 129/ night, but I was happy to see that a) it was clean, b) that the smoking rooms didn't smell too smoky, c) the staff was nice, and d) that it was quiet. I read a few people complaining that it wasn't as nice as some of the other hotels, but there are a few things that need to be known. In hotels in which the rate is lower, people tend to steal things (ie: radios, trashcans, towels, and yes, even furniture), which drives up the hotel's overhead. If they were to completely renovate, which I do admit would be nice, you'd end up spending the same amount you would at the Bellagio or Mandalay Bay. The extra charges are not to make you mad, just that it costs a lot of money to keep the prime spot on the strip, and it keeps the employees from being paid slave wages. Water and energy costs in the desert are insane, and it can get pricey. They also explain all of the charges to you when you check in (it prints out on the receipt you get when you do it electronically). The hotel also has about 1,000 rooms, which takes a huge staff to clean, maintain and take care of guests. Cut them a break, please. Also, the convenience store in the lobby has 100% Kona Coffee for about $10, a very cool deal.	
Oct 15 2007	Don't go there!	This is a terrible hotel. My wife and I went there for a conference, and I will never return unless I have to:1. The room looked worn, dirty, and run down; rusty metal handles in the bath room, dirty walls2. There was a towl rolled up on the floor against the door connecting to the room next door; this was because the door base was somehow missing, leaving a 1 inch gap at the floor board.3. The safe apparently &quot;had worked&quot;, as apparently someone had tried to force her/his way into it and failed. In the process they ripped out the electronic panel, so it was locked and broken. When we asked for a room change, we learned that most safes are broken, and they may have to change us 20 times before finding a room with a working safe (this is a direct quote from the manager! on duty!!)4. In the hallway were dirty glasses left outside a room; those glasses were there when we came and still there two days later when we left; in fact, we never saw any housekeeping &quot;cart&quot;.5. Of course, there is no coffee maker in the room, and the TV is of the size of a miniture portable (remarkably, it is a color TV!)This place needs to be closed down; it's really a disgrace!!PS: This opinion was shared by all conference attendees that I spoke to...	
Oct 10 2007 	Another great stay at the RIV	got a good rate on Expedia, had a room in the Mediterranean Tower across from Poker room on the 9th floor. Sure its an older smaller place, but I find its well kept and easy to negotiate . My room had a King bed with small 20&quot; TV, table and chairs. It was all in very good condition and clean. The bathroom was small but good water pressure and very clean. The room had a safe and small fridge. Casino was not too busy but a good place to play low-key poker. Pool was warm. They have an ABC store in the hotel that sells beer and stuff. Good Thai restaurant and food court beside the obvious buffet and steak house. I rent a car so the location was not a problem and parking is easy. Staying here is not a concern when I visit Vegas. VINTAGE VEGAS!	
Oct 7 2007 	is definately not a 3-star hotel	we decided to give this hotel a try and thought it may be fun to stay in one of the older hotels to get some of the older vegas atmosphere. we entered through the back entrance off of the parking lot and noticed it smelled like sewage. we found the reception desk to the opposite side of where we came in. the clerks sat behind what looked like bank teller doors some of which were hanging by one hinge and were askew---didn't look good. we were pleasantly surprised with a free upgrade in our room. the people in reception were efficient and pleasant. we found our room and though spacious, was dingy and in need of a thorough cleaning and updating. upon using the rest room i looked over at the wall and saw what appeared to be mold on the walls---looking closer i found it not to be mold, but rather a bad choice in wallpaper--the pattern looked like mold from a distance. the couch was stained and had tears on the armrest. i found out in the morning that the t.v. did not work. the room needed a fresh coat of pain. the sink that was in the room had what appeared to be a julienne carrot stuck to the bottom of it and the curtains had a chunk of some beige food item stuck to it---i didn't even want to know. the things going for this hotel are it's staff, the clean bed linens and abundance of towels. other than that....i would have to say that it's a shame that the owners do not refurbish and clean the place up to it's probable former 50's and 60's rat pack self and market it as the perfect getaway to &quot;old vegas.&quot; this is definately not a 3-star hotel---more like a 1 1/2 star.	
Oct 3 2007	Should be torn down	I was charged $129.00 per night and my colleague travelling with me paid $58.00 per night for the same room!! I was given a room that was not cleaned and was then blamed by management for entering a dirty room! The next room had torn bed sheets, holes in blankets, old broken furniture and an in room safe that had wires hanging from it.Adding insult, the hotel charges almost $4.00 per night &quot;energy surcharge&quot;.What a dump!!!!!!!	
Oct 2 2007 	It Is What It is	My company assigned me and other fellow staff members to the Riv for our convention. The Riviera and the Wynn are the two closest Strip casino-hotels to the Convention Center where we going to work. However, as close as these two properties were to each other, they were worlds apart. Sometimes this was actually good.I got off to a bumpy start but that wasn’t the hotel’s fault, per se. I was surprised to find out that my company, having not consulted with staff, did not endeavor to have us defaulted to non-smoking rooms. I had no choice but to take a smoking room although the front desk agent did put me on a priority list to change the next day.I was directed over to the Monte Carlo Tower which was supposed to be the nicest of the buildings. From the front desk, I had walk around through the pool area, into the building past Kristofer’s restaurant and made a right towards the elevators. While the hallways on my floor were indeed smoky, my room did not appear so at first. It was spartan but functional and clean. The $3.00 daily safe charge annoyed me so I chose to keep my valuables in my briefcase. The hotel did honor their promise and switched me to a non-smoking room that was otherwise identical to the first one. It was at this point that I noticed my eyes had stopped burning. I ate at Kady’s coffee shop once for dinner and three mornings for breakfast. The décor reminded me of Legoland. My chicken sandwich dinner was just okay but I did manage to get a great $4.99 “all you can eat” pancake deal during the latter end of the graveyard shift. I did not have the occasion to patronize the buffet or any of the other restaurants in the hotel. They do have two convenience stores on site that were fairly priced for Vegas. Check out the Peppermill restaurant on the next block south for a unique dining experience.I passed by the pool every day although I never got the opportunity to swim in it. It was smaller than most new Vegas pools but it did have a deep end. For those who decide to make the Riv a family destination – or maybe if you’re just a kid at heart – the hotel has a surprisingly expansive arcade section. I chose not to gamble at this casino but I noticed that there were a number of “everyday folks” enjoying themselves at the slots and the relatively small number of table games. You will definitely avoid the “snobs” here.The Riv is convenient to the Sahara, Circus Circus and Slots-A-Fun but is otherwise a lengthy walking distance to any of the more popular Strip casino-hotels beyond the Wynn. Be prepared to budget for transportation. In short, the Riviera is what it is: a once grand casino that has shifted into a budget option for those looking to stay on the Strip who are comfortable with its basic amenities and distance from other popular attractions. That might work for some people; it just wasn’t for me. I would sooner recommend Bill's Gambling Hall which I have also reviewed.	
Oct 1 2007	Clean hotel a bit dated	The Riviera has a great location right along the strip. It is to the North and only a 5 minute walk to the big retail centre with Macys etc.The room was clean and while other reviews have said the bathroom was small that must only be in comparison to the room which was huge. The decoration of the room was very out dated but the beds were comfortable and the location was quiet. We checked in late and found the staff very helpful.The electricity charge was definitely sneaky but we were told about it when we arrived. It was a mere $4 though so it's really not that big a deal.The hotel in general simply lacked anything special. It has everything the other casinos and hotels in Vegas have but suffers from being old fashioned. If I returned I would probably spend the extra money to stay further down the strip in a more modern hotel but for the price you certainly get value for money.	
Sep 27 2007 	As mediocre as it gets....	I recently stayed at the Riviera in Las Vegas, and wanted to share a few things for those who are considering staying at this hotel. First of all, the walk from the parking garage to the hotel registration desk is extremely long. While opting for valet parking may be a little more convenient, the walk to their lobby is still a long one. Second, beware of hidden &quot;Energy Surcharges&quot; that will show up on your bill upon check-out, even if you pre-paid for your rooms through another travel site. I found this to be very sneaky and deceiving, when I had assumed that the room was already paid for in full. They should include this in all their &quot;taxes and fees&quot; when you book the room, and not spring last-minute charges on customers. The rooms were mediocre - beds were not comfortable, and the bathroom was extremely small. The casino is old and outdated, and the hotel/casino staff was not very friendly. Needless to say, I won't be staying at this hotel again....	
Sep 26 2007	So-So Stay	We booked this hotel because of it's proximity to the Hilton Convention Center for a trade show and we stayed 5 nights. Upon checking in around midnight, the front desk agent told us they did not have the king size room we booked for. I asked how this was possible if we booked our reservation months ago, and was told there were no guarantee on reservations. We were upset by this, then the agent added that they could put us in a double room for one night and probably move us to a king room the next day. We accepted the compromise. The rooms were clean but unremarkable. The design of this hotel is very dated and the layout somewhat confusing. Vegas is always rennovating itself, and the Riviera should be a top candidate for a re-do. I went to use the hotel gym, for some reason located on the 12th floor. The charge was $18 for use of the equipment which was all from the 1970's and in not very good working order. The attendant at the gym started to use the facilities as I was working out, which seemed slightly unprofessional to me. The pool area was okay, but lacked a snack bar, you have to walk into the hotel buffet to get a bite to eat. There were a couple soda machines around the corner. We did a little gambling on site, we wished to try roulette and having never played before asked for instruction from the dealer. She seemed impatient teaching us the different ways to bet and did not really return our friendly conversation. We ate breakfast most days at the Kady's coffee shop, which was a decent diner style restaurant,, service was brisk but quick. We also had dinner at the Ristorante Italiano which was the one bright spot at this facility. Excellent service, and the food was delicious traditional italian.  Overall we would not stay here again, the customer service was not very friendly and they did not seem to want to go the extra mile. It just can not compete with the other casino hotels on the strip.	
Sep 14 2007 	you do get what you pay for	We checked in late on a Saturday night. No lines, no problems, with friendly desk clerk. We received a &quot;petite suite&quot; in the Monaco tower which turned out to be a large, clean room with a murphy bed, a wet bar with refrigerator (reminded me of the 60's) and an assortment of sofas, chairs, a desk, etc... The room was dated, but in complete order. Everything was comfortable, even the bed and pillows. Someone previously complained about them, but being a picky traveler, I found the bedding just fine. We had breakfast twice at Kady's coffee shop and a late night snack, which were all delicious. We stayed at the Riviera, strictly for the proximity to our busy show held at the Convention Center. It is in a good location, it just is dated and missing any sizzle that you expect from a trip to Lost Wages. If I had to stay there again, I would; but really prefer the other strip hotels with glitz and razzle-dazzle. By the way, check out was a breeze.	
Sep 9 2007 	Pass on the Riviera!	We had never stayed at the Riviera before and even though it is further away from the main part of the strip we thought to give it a chance. We were told that one tower had underwent rennovation, so we had high hopes. All we ask for in a room is that it is clean. It doesn't have to have all the frills and whistles, but it must be clean. The hotel and casino is an older &quot;brat pack&quot; type hotel. It needs upgrading, inside and out. Our room was a basic king size room in the Monaco Tower. We had requested a non-smoking but upon arrival were told they were not available. After speaking with management, who were very helpful and polite, we were given a NS room. The room was out-dated but appeared clean until you went into the bathroom. The sink was falling apart, their was mold on the ceiling and the only way the fan came on is if the light was on and vice versa. It made for a loud trip to the restroom in the night. The bathroom was dingy. The shower head was ancient and spit water every which way. I was scared to shower without water shoes on. The room portion of our room seemed clean but when you pulled the bedding back the soft blanket that you seem to find in every basic hotel was stained and had holes. We left the main comforter on the floor and never touched it. We slept with a sheet and nothing else because when we requested a new blanket we received a similar one to the one we had gotten rid of! The pool is minute and seemed closed more than it was open. Couple this with the fact that roaches could be seen running around it at night and we never went in the pool. The saving grace of the hotel was the buffet. Ok, wait, it wasn't the actually buffet, it was a server they had there named Cornell. He was hysterically funny and had the best customer service of any one in the hotel itself.We have stayed at the MGM, Harrah's, Golden Nugget, Hilton, Venetian and the Bellagio and this hotel is at the very end of the list. We would not advise a stay!	
Sep 5 2007 	Nice place to stay and not spend a lot of money	My husband and I frequent Las Vegas about 4-5 times a year. We usually fly Southwest and stay at the Riveria for 5 nights all under $500.00 dollars. We are members of the players club at the Riveria and we do get disounted rates and sometimes we don't pay for the rooms at all. Having said that, the rooms at the Riveria are not elegant, but in fact basic. They do have a nice pool, comfortable beds, decent pillows, good air conditioning and a hot shower. You have to ask yourself when traveling to Las Vegas how much you are willing to spend for a room that you'll be in roughly 6 hours a day (there's no sleeping in Vegas). My husband and I love to gamble, eat at fabulous resturants and see all the wonderful shows. This is where we like to spend our money in Vegas, not on hotel stays. We have stayed at other hotels in Vegas and told ourselves that our money should go other places and not on a fancy room we won't be in long. I would recommend doing research and finding what suites you the best. Las Vegas is a wonderful city, one in which, you don't have to spend and arm and a leg if you don't want to.	
Sep 2 2007 	Needs to be torn down...	I would have to say this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. The service was horrendous and the rooms appear to have not had any attention since the hotel opened. Our stay included them running out of doubles, forcing one to sleep on a cot. We also had to call housekeeping four times in one day just to get them to clean the room. The first call was at 1:30 pm and did not show up until 11:30 pm). The management seemed oblivious to these conditions and showed no remorse for their foul ups. Your better off staying in a hostel then this dump...	
Aug 19 2007 	An experience I could have done without!	This hotel was recommended through the conference we were attending. Needless to say it makes them both look really bad!Nothing good to say!Don't try to find a decent coffee, you will be wasting your time.Found out later that the rooms at the Hilton were half the price and... they had coffee!We were in line for over an hour at check-in.All day conferences... all they offered was water, not even bread!$3.00 for a soda drink from the bar. They tell you .. that if you bring in your own pop or food that they can and will charge you $200-300+ fine for bringing in outside food. Take out a loan if you want room service.Cost over $350+ for 3 days hotel room in the middle of july and a gorgeous view of a contruction site and roof fans. I was told that the organizers had their rooms comp'd if they had a certain amount of people rent rooms at their outrageous price. I will not stay there again.If I hadn't been to Vegas before, I probably wouldn't go back.	
Aug 18 2007 	It is what it is	I stayed at the Riviera for a conference in July and, quite frankly, it is not a hotel I would have chosen if I were on vacation. The Riviera is what it is- an older hotel at the end of the strip, a cheaper hotel, and it caters to those on budget travel. That said, the check in process was relatively easy. I got suckered into paying a one time fee for VIP check-in, but no one was there so I had to use the automated check-in machines so my VIP fee was a waste. The check-in machine was not a problem for me, but my two colleagues used them and then were referred to the front desk for room assignments anyway. So the check in process ended up taking a half an hour. I ended up staying on the 6th floor of the South Tower in a non-smoking room (with a great view of the Wynn), but could smell smoke in the hallways most days. The room furnishings were clearly dated, but the room seemed clean. My bed was pretty hard as were the pillows, yellowing lampshades, water stains, etc... But if all you are looking for is a place to crash, it's comfortable. The toiletries are generic, but I always bring my own, and the towels were mostly soft. (One of my colleagues said she had roaches in her room). If you can eat somewhere other than the casino, do so. Since I was there for work, most of our meals were eaten at the Riviera. We went to the buffet the first night and even though we were starved from travelling, the food was still bad. It looked and tasted like it had been sitting around all day under heat lamps. They give you a free beer with the meal- but it's draft Busch beer (enough said). Kady's wasn't much better- greasy (and I mean greasy) grill food and slow service. But we had the same waitress for two of the meals and we liked her- she was pretty quick to steer you away from certain items on the menu and she had a pretty good sense of humor. The Italian place wasn't horrible, but I am pretty sure much of the food was previously frozen. I only walked through the food court but it reeked of mildew so I could not bring myself to eat any food from there.  The casino wasn't that expansive- very few tables, mostly slots and poker. I played slots and craps and very rarely was I asked for drinks. Slots is not my game, but that is not the hotel's fault. :) There's a little convenience store on the main floor that has a little bit of everything and reasonably priced water. The coffee stand next to the store has the better tasting coffee and it's more reasonably priced. The &quot;luxurious spa&quot; was interesting. They charge $12 to use the fitness facility but it was a tiny area with very little equipment (I didn't use it). I got a massage for $95. It was not very relaxing- the room was brightly lit and cold and the therapist talked the whole time. We ended up with free tickets to the comedy show and, all considered, it was better than I thought it would be. It's not a full service place- you have to get your own drinks and the food is vending machine items. The comedians are not A-listers, and the woman opening the show was funnier than the main act, but we had fun. My biggest issue with the Riviera was the check out process. In order to reserve the room for the conference, I had to put a one night deposit on my credit card. I ended up charging my stay to my corporate account and tried to switch cards. When we left, my receipt had all charges less the room deposit. I was told that the hotel would reconcile my account in the next 24 hours and they would mail a receipt. Three weeks later, I still don't have a receipt. I called the hotel to try and get receipt faxed, but was given a different number to the accounting department. Then I had to leave a message on a machine and was promised a return call back same day. No one ever called me. I did get a fax a week later with my receipt. It's the same one I received on check out. My credit card has still not been credited the $109 for the deposit like I was told would happen. Would I stay here again? No. Was I miserable? No. But it had the potential to be much worse.	
Aug 14 2007 	Great place to stay	Date: August 9th, 2007Review; Tripadvisor member, OregonWe went to Las Vegas for our 25th wedding anniversary. We arrived at the Riviera around 3:00 and the room wasn't quite ready but they said we could put our luggage into the room while we explored the hotel. Check in time is 4:00 so this was ok with us. The staff was wonderful, &amp; very friendly. We did get hooked by the people who were promoting the time share Tiki Village, we had a little time to kill so we went.... by going to the 2 hr, no pressure sells pitch we received tickets to &quot;ICE&quot; and dinner for two, along with tickets to Mac King magic &amp; comedy show (highly recomend this show) Once we got back from the time share presentation we went to our room and it was very clean. We stayed in the Monoco Tower... room 4639 we had a king size bed that was very comfortable and it was a non-smoking room. I have to say I would stay here again. If you're not looking for super fancy this is a great place to stay, we had a very good experience. The pool was inviting but I never did make it down there. There are a few shops... in the ABC store they had bottled water for .99 cents, this was a big plus in the 105 degree weather.	
Aug 11 2007 	Avoid the Riviera!	We stayed at the Riviera August 8-10, 2007 for a meeting. This was the 4th year we have stayed here, and it will be the last. The drinking glasses that were in the hall when we arrived are still there; our toilet drips, the carpet was not vacuumed and items from previous guests are along the base of the bed. The linens are worn and tattered. The shower is patched; the wallpaper is stained. The sconces in the hall are cracked and broken. The bell staff is surly. Next year's meeting is here again, but we'll be elsewhere - the north end of the strip is really a no man's land these days.	
Aug 9 2007 	Avoid the Riviera in Vegas!	I attended a conference in Las Vegas at the Riviera Casino Hotel on the northern end of the strip. I knew going in that this wouldn't be the Wynn or Bally's for that matter, but was very disappointed with my stay. I know (rumors anyway) that this hotel is coming down within the next year or two, so the owner group could probably care less about what people think who stay in their hotel.Here is a rundown of my issues:** 25min checkin at the hotel standing in lines longer than at the airport** Semi-clean room that hadn't been vaccumed. ** $12 per day to use the workout room and facility???? You've got to be kidding me!!!** Must show ID or room card to get a towel to sit at the pool. Actually I liked the pool, was cool and pleasant, but ID for one towel???** Old, grungy casino with no drink specials, waitresses that ignore you unless you are spending big bucks. C'mon folks, at least give me a decently priced drink while I'm here!** Forget calling the front desk, actually (i'm not maiking this up) rang 27 times before I heard an actual human voice, who put me on hold of course...The bartender was nice at the bar we had a few drinks at, but drink prices were not cheap for a dumpy casnio on the far north-end of the strip.	
Aug 5 2007 	Spend more and go elsewhere	This hotel may be cheap by Vegas standards but having seen it you will know why. Facilities are all very old and in some places ( rooms in the Northern Tower for example) very grubby and tattered. The hotel has no class and seems to cater for the real lower end of the market. The staff are not overly friendly and in the case of the &quot;Bell staff&quot; they are downright disinterested and rude. Relaxation facilities are non existent - well there is a pool if you can stand the heat of summer! There are numerous food outlets but none merit more than a mention. DO NOT GET CONNED INTO GOING TO SEE &quot;CRAZY GIRLS&quot;. TAKE A GAMBLE AND GO ELSEWHERE.	
Jul 30 2007 	Thieving staff stole my Mother's money from our room!!	I would never stay at this hotel again. The toilet ran and made strange noises. A maintenance man came by and fixed it withing an hour of my request. This was okay. The bathtub was partially clogged and when you took a shower it would almost fill to the top before the water would start to run out. But this I could live with, so it was okay. But stealing from our room while we were walking the strip, THAT WAS NOT OKAY! Upon returning home yesterday (7/29) my Mom noticed that almost $200 dollars was missing from her suitcase. In fact, the entire pouch she had it in was gone. The only way someone could have found it was to go through her entire suitcase to get to it. Oh yeah, did I also mention that she is disabled, unable to work, and that this was her first time in Vegas. I took her there because I thought it would be fun. We lodged a complaint so we'll so what that does, but I'm guessing nothing. I only wished she had noticed it was gone while we were still there. So if you stay at the Riviera, and I advise you not to, do not leave anything of value in your room. They employ thieves!	
Jul 29 2007 	Horrible Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for a conference. Hotel service is horrible, the place is old, dirty, the food is awful. When we checked in we stood in line for 30 minutes just to get to the counter, there were 3 people in front of us. When we got to the counter I was told they didn't have the class, type or the configuration of room that was requested, this was 10 minutes after check-in started. I was told I would have to stay in a smoking room and could switch the next day (in the middle of my class). They decided the day before the conference started that they weren't going to take checks, which none of the participants were told until they arrived. This was a large conference with several thousand people and all I heard from others was how horrible the hotel and conference facility was. There wasn't anywhere in the hotel that you could go to get away from the cigarette smoke except outside! I will never stay at this hotel or recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 24 2007	Riv was cool.	Stayed there 19th-22nd of July. Rooms-Clean and stocked well. Safe did not work and was told it would be fixed on Fri. but nobody ever showed up fix it. Overall halls, elevators, casino, very clean. We really enjoyed the pool, it felt great and the cocktail service was really good.Towel guy is a total pool nazi to some but never bothered us. Kadi's food was awesome at 5 am after a hard night of partying. The World Fare Buffet is quite possibly the worst I have ever experienced. DO NOT eat there. Overpriced, selection was bad and food was worse. I've had many buffets in Vegas, I (plus my friends) could not believe how horrible it was. But who's there for a buffet anyway.	
Jul 23 2007 	Kids Everywhere!	We stayed in the Riviera from July 5-July 10 as we got married that weekend. (no we didn't get married in their chapel) First of all let me say, I am a mother of an 11 yr and 15 yr old so this is not a &quot;I hate kids review&quot;.There were unsupervised children running around everywhere! That weekend was a dance convention of some sort and I wish I would've known before we booked. There were rude kids running around like idiots in the food court and in the pool and rarely did I see an adult with any of them. (no it was not the hotels' fault)And of course, brides everywhere! But that was to be expected. We couldn't get to our elevators on Saturday for the bridal mayhem in the hallway as the chapel was right near the Monte Carlo tower elevators.They allowed us to check in at noon since there were a million of us, which was greatly appreciated! Unfortunately it was all automated so I didn't get a chance to speak to a live receptionist which I really wanted to do.Nevertheless, the room was clean and comfortable but it had a connecting door and we could hear the kids squealing next door most of the time i was in my room and even smelled smoke rolling in from there door one day, we were in a non-smoking room. The view of the Stratosphere was pretty cool. Construction below but at night it was a great view of the top of the hotel. Sunday came and the kids left, thank God, which was nice we got to enjoy the pool without screaming jumping kids. My husband enjoyed a Texas Holdem tournament and had a great time with friendly dealers and friendly people. But please, for the love of God...do not get your hair and makeup done in their salon! They jacked the price up on me and did not do a good job at all! And avoid the food court. Bleh!Overall, it wasn't bad for the price. Just avoid the kiddie conventions.	
Jul 20 2007 	No air conditioning in June	For 2 of 4 nights. After the 1st night the hotel actually took out the old, non-functioning unit, and replaced it with another non-functioning unit. The room was grimy, and needed to be deep-cleaned: I could write my name in the film in the bathroom. No coffee maker in the room, no HBO or movie channel on the TV - you pay for everything. Some, but not all, of the staff were rude. All in all, this was one of the poorest experiences I've had at any hotel.	
Jul 15 2007 	Great value for the strip	We almost didn't stay at this hotel because of some of the bad reviews we saw on Tripadvisor, so I feel obligated to write about our experience.True, the hotel is pretty old by strip standards and the rooms are pretty basic, but our non-smoking room (Monaco Tower) was quiet and clean and the double room was a reasonable size. We've definitely paid more for less on the strip. Our experience with the staff at the front desk was very positive. They were friendly and helpful. Same goes for the guys working out at the luggage service. If you're looking for luxury, this hotel is not for you. But since you spend so little time in your hotel room in Vegas, we found it more than adequate as a place to shower and sleep while we spent our money on shows and casinos.	
Jul 13 2007 	Too Hot!	We attended at wedding at the Riviera on 7-7-07 and booked the room at a discounted rate offered for the wedding guests. This rate was no better (a little worse) than available online at discount sites. We requested to be near the wedding suite as the reception was held in their suite. The room we were given was near the suite but unfortunately that was the top (9th) floor of the South Mediterranean Tower. Warning: avoid this floor at all costs. When we arrived at the room it was not clean, but worse, the temp was about 80 degrees. Someone in the halls told us that they do not run A/C in the halls, but we later found that the A/C in the rooms could not keep up with the sun beating down on the roof. The upper portion of the room was very obviously warmer than the lower, and the bathroom was HOT. As it turned out the wedding suite was moved at the insistence of the Groom, so they did not have to suffer like we did. It is obvious that the hotel knows these rooms are hot and doesn't care about subjecting people to it. We paid an energy surcharge for that? Ridiculous. Besides the room, I would not recommend Kady's. It's overpriced with slow service. The parking garage was quite a distance to the tower we were in and the area where we could drop our luggage was tacky. I was not impressed with this property. Would not return. Others in our group had similar opinions. In fact, someone was told by an employee that there were a lot of complaints from our group. This was what they were told when they booked a N/S room and were informed none were available for that night - this at 3pm. When they asked to speak with a supervisor they were directed to a telephone - where they finally got some service and low and behold, a N/S room was found! We are not a complaining group, but if we are not getting what we pay for we will say something.	
Jul 12 2007 	Beware of this hotel!!!!	We stayed at this hotel for a dance conference. The rooms were old but decent. This is definitely a no frills hotel, but our smoking room we were assigned did not smell like smoke, and it was clean. The casino was clean as well. The downside was when we had to checkout our last day, but had to wait for the conference to end. Half our luggage was stolen from our locked vehicle which was parked in the self parking garage. We didn't realize this until we got home. After contacting the hotel security, I was told to call the security manager first thing the following morning. When I talked to her, I pretty much got an &quot;oh well&quot; response. She said there are no cameras in the garage like the other casinos on the strip, and you pretty much get what you paid for here at the Riviera. I thought that as very poor customer service, and would highly recommend NOT staying here for this reason. My other friend complained of having a room with a moldy bathroom with a couple coackroaches. I hope Dance Olympus does not consider having classes at this hotel in the future. The customer service is terrible!If you do choose this hotel, beware of having your things stolen. We even had an enabled car alarm which alerted us that it did go off at some point when we disabled it. Unfortunately, we thought it was because somebody bumped our vehicle like they often do at grocery store lots.	
Jul 9 2007 	Five Star Hotel .....	Well i can honestly say this place is not half as bad as reported on TA. Stayed here for the celtic convention from June 24th till 1st July, ok the place is old, but clean cheap and very friendly, but the best thing about this hotel .......well after some scum bag tried to blow up glasgow airport we were transfered to flights on the tuesday intead of the sunday, after explaining this to teh hotel, they let us keep our room on for two extra nights for only $100, now can you see any other hotel on the strip doing this i don't think so....i will be back in vegas soon....and you know what the riviera will do for me.....i visited all the other major hotels while i was in vegas, and for gambling and having a fun time...it takes a lot of beating thank you riviera	
Jun 28 2007 	riviera okay	Spent 3 nights at the Riv. I did not have any problems withcheck-in, used the auto thingy and had room within 5 minutes.Asked for and received king. Room very clean and cold(temp)No view whatsoever and right over the loading dock, whichwas slightly annoying and loud at times (2:00am) Bath amenitiesyour standard fare-mini soap, mini shampoo/conditioner combo,lotion. All under the Riv brand. Towels good size, not too hard.Only 3 tho. Not very soundproof- could hear door slams &amp; peoplein hallway, neighbors TV. Ice &amp; drink machine on floor. elevators quick and plenty. TV basic 80's 19 in model w/ remote. Clock radio.Did not try room service. Stayed in Monaco Tower, even if was the 1st floor. No balcony, small window. Staff not overly friendly-never once offered cocktail service while playing slots. Slotsare good n plenty. Did not play table games. Food- Kadys allwe tried-OK but I thought a wee bit pricey.Also had the talkative hostess who would seat you at her whim . Easy access to strip street, however , never really got the hang of the casino routing.Took cab to Harrahs one time, 15 with tip. Riv is okay place if you are not a room freak. If you wantnice-4 seasons or Wynn. Riv is just your basic roomto clean and crash in.	
Jun 26 2007 	Loved the Riv	I was a little apprehensive about staying in this hotel after reading the reviews on TA. However, I am pleased to write that this hotel offers clean and reasonable accommodation. We arrived quite late in the evening to the registration area full of people checking in. As we had made reservations we were promptly directing the self check in which was a painless and efficient process – similar to that offered by the airlines. Unfortunately due to the lateness of our arrival the only rooms available were the smoking rooms and as we are non-smokers we were not happy. The assistant suggested we change rooms the following day. Left with no choice, we proceeded to our room. Upon opening our door we were pleasantly surprised by the minimal amount of odour and the size of the room which was located at the back of the hotel in a quiet location. The room consisted of two double beds which were firm and very comfortable, had clean fresh sheets together with firm pillows which are our preference. The bathroom was a good size allowing two people to comfortably move around and the shower pressure was very good – another plus for us. Yes, the décor is looking a little tired and I noticed water damage in the corner of the bathroom, but the room was clean, quite and of a decent size. Needless to say, we ended up staying in our room for the three nights.If you are looking to stay in Vegas on a mid-range budget, then this is a good place to stay. The Riviera has a decent size pool and pool area to relax and the shops are reasonably priced.Suggestion: If you want a cheap breakfast suggest heading to Jitters which offers all the regular items for sale at a reasonable price. We had breakfast for two (bagels &amp; juice) which cost us US$10. Cost to/from the Airport US$18 inc tip.	
Jun 13 2007	Rivera Hotel	Overall, our stay was satisfactory. It is an old hotel so that has to be considered. But it was exceptionally clean. Even the public restrooms were exceptional. The only real downfall was Kady's Restaurant. The food was good and the service was adequate but the Hostess, Ana, was a bear. She was very rude and made you wait until her personal conversations were over before she seated you. She acted as though we were bothering her. One time she told us that she would be right back to seat us and never came back. Another hostess finally seated us. We noticed Ana flitting aroung the dining room. Other than that, everyone was very pleasant. I was very impressed with security. Without going into detail -- they did their job. Bravo.	
Jun 12 2007 	It is a cheap Strip Hotel not bad	Hey, it is an old hotel that has years of history in it. Go look at all the photos that adorn the walls. The greats played here once.It is a cheap strip hotel. Period.Rooms are basic. Casino is basic. I am never in my room anyway, just sleep there.If you are there for a vacation, get a better hotel and enjoy the amenities. I go for business and have tried nearly every hotel up and down the strip. They all have their merits.I gotta be in Vegas 3 times a year which is a little much.If you need help on where to stay you can ask me.	
Jun 12 2007 	No big problems with the Riviera	Had to use a flight credit or see it expire - booked at Riv because was good pricing - they even matched another website via their price guarantee!Paid 45.90 a nght plus tax and 3.81 energy surcharge -weekday rooms - ckout at noon - rated high because of value for price [paid.Room was updated and clean, but signs of previous problems painted over in ceiling - bath in this hotel, as indicated by other reviewers are SMALL - tiny! Not a problem because I was alone, but with someone else, would have been too tight. The lampshades were a bit worn, but room okay otherwise, though far from fancy! The lighting in the room was good!This standard Riv room was certainly better than one in which I had previously stayed that was billed as a Deluxe room - at the Sahara!Because of other reviews herein (thanks!) I was forewarned about bath, noise in adjoining rooms - a simple request to the helpful young lady at checkin resulted in a room that did not have door to adjoining room - was pretty quiet, except for noise from construction across st - major project underway on other side of Riviera blvd - but I always travel with my sound machine - it solved that problem!As a repeat Vegas visitor, I knew that the Riv's location would be just fine for me - North strip; was actually chosen for location as well as pricing! Did not try any restaurants, did not try any table games, but enjoyed the low stakes machines that I played. Chose Riv in part because I do most of my gambling on the North strip, and avoid all the congestion and commotion of the strip farther south. I always rent a car, and Riviera Blvd is a great route to Paradise Rd - great way to avoid strip traffic.Stayed in Mediterrranean North tower, (even though pricing was for San remo), thanks again to nice young lady at checkin - asked for non smoking quiet, got room across from elevators, but still very quiet - location of elevators to tower was excellent - particularly for Vegas - stepping off elevator, you're in the middle of the casino - close to ABC shop, quick walk to poker tables, machines, gaming tables, or to the doors to the Strip.Bad things - penny town, hound doggies, and Strip side (underground) valet were closed - valet area being painted (I ended up valet parking across the street at Circus - quick walk across to Riv); not even the employees seem to know what will become of the area that was penny town(prev. nickel town); machines have been moved to regular casino floor. I did miss Hound Doggies - has alwys been great place for a quick cheap meal - usually get a green salad and a good soup for $1 each! Other negative for me was checkout policy - yes you can video checkout, but the 12 noon checkout may be written in stone - first experience with this problem for me (in Vegas); no extension given without charge - wanted more for 5 extra hours than I had paid for a night - no I didn't expect 5 hrs free, but I had hoped for an hour or so without charge! First time at any hotel in Vegas that i had not been successful with a late checkout!I would stay here again for a budget trip, but go elsewhere if my spouse is with me - bathroom just too small - or might just get an upgraded room at the Riv!	
Jun 11 2007 	Motel Hell	My wife and I had the misfortune of staying at this dump when our red eye flight was forced to return to Las Vegas due to a mechanical malfunction. The airline (in their feeble effort to accommodate us) booked us a room for the night at the Riviera. Boy, talk about adding insult to injury! This place was absolutely horrible. First off, the goon who was the front desk manager sounded like he never made it past the third grade. &quot;They don't got your room ready yet!&quot; was his uneducated response to our weary arrival. We were also a bit skeptical of the hotel's other guests who looked kind of rough like they belonged in an outlaw biker gang. But we were tired and the place was free so we decided to just give it a chance. After a tedious three hour wait we finally meandered our way through the hotel to our room. The hot and stuffy room looked like it hadn't been updated since 1974! In addition, whatever noise was happening in the room next door kept activating the alarm clock on the night stand. We finally had to pull out the plug to make it stop. As we hadn't eaten anything since the night before and too tired to walk to anywhere on the Strip, we decided to try (reluctantly) their hotel restaurant. Again, the place hadn't been updated in probably 30 years. The waitress was rude, the coffee cold and the food sucked. Moments after leaving the restaurant my wife suddenly realized that she had forgotten her $150 pair of sunglasses on our table. We quickly returned to the restaurant only to have the shifty hostess deny ever finding them. She wouldn't even ask the waitress or busboy. How classy! When we returned to our room my wife decided to take a hot shower. Moments later I heard her scream. Rushing into the bathroom I saw several large cockroaches scamper across the wall. My wife got out of the shower, dressed and in tears immediately called our previous hotel, the Aladdin (now Planet Hollywood). Explaining what had happened to us, the Aladdin provided us with a beautiful suite at a discount rate overlooking the Bellagio pool. We grabbed a cab and headed over there never to return to The Riviera again. It completely ruined what otherwise was a nice vacation. $45 rooms. You bet! But remember, you get what you pay for. The Riviera is a complete dump. It should be imploded like the Stardust and Westward Ho!	
May 30 2007 	Never again	I will never stay at the Riveria again. It is in need of serious remodeling, or better be demolished and build a new hotel. Upon check-in, the hotel &quot;Vegas information&quot; desk was rude and only tried to sell us stuff. The room was a good size but OLD and dirty. We could feel part of the ceiling particles on our bed. We were woke up every morning at 6am by tv in the room next door. You can hear everything in the halls and in other rooms! We could never sleep in due to the noise. The Riveria is a $10 cab from the popular strip hotels like Bellagio and Ceasar's Palace. You have to go through the casino to the basement just to catch a cab. The casino wasn't bad, and several of the dealers are great. Never tried any of the restaurants, they all looked old and dirty. I would spend the extra money and stay somewhere nicer and closer to everything. This crappy hotel basically ruined our Vegas experience.	
May 23 2007	Great value!! Location so so	***My rating is based on price and class of hotel as compared to similar class hotels i have stayed at in las vegas***This was a tough one to rate becuase it is older and not in the area of all the new billion dollar casinos. Having said that, i defer you back to my first paragraph.When you break it down, the room was nice and clean with little wear and tear to my eyes, the price was great and it is a hotel room. Unless one is staying in a suite somewhere it is a hotel room. View was not great, and location is not the best. So one takes taxi or bus (which is convenient) to billion dollar casino corridor. Everyone does a lot of walking anyway so I wouldnt sweat the small stuff and a $8 taxi ride. Although traffic at night can get pretty bad on the strip.If you are on a budget I highly recommend the riveria or Imperial palace. If not and wantt o spend more money on convenience, views and amenities such as nice pools, then head up towards Treasure Island.	
May 20 2007 	Loved the Buffet	I decided to take advantage of this hotel because of its entertainment value. The room was very nice and had a great view of the strip. The breakfast at the 24 hour cafe was always good including the service. The world fare buffet was excellent and I would recommend it to anyone.The casino was very nice and exciting. I liked the idea of being close to other hotels especially circus circus where the amusement park is located.Overall this was a good place to stay.	
May 19 2007 	Riviera was great!!	I went on my trip a little nervous about staying at the riviera because of the reviews i read on this website. Almost thought about cancelling and changing hotels. wow!! I am glad i didn't. I had a great stay at the riviera. People are far to picky when they write these. I have nothing to complain about. The room was great, yes a little worn but, it is an older hotel so its what to be expected. The staff were wonderful and friendly and i loved the glitz and lights of the casino. It was fun not stuffy like the more glamourous places. I would recommend highly to stay here (before its gone, like the other old but good hotels)!! can't beat the price!	
May 13 2007 	Don't stay here if you want to feel safe	Stayed here because the room was booked through Priceline however would not stay here again. Room was very dated (but clean so cannot complain there) and the vanity in the bathroom had a door loose and hanging. The main problem was that the security latch in the room was loose from the wall and would have given way had someone pushed really hard from the outside. Not a really great feeling of security for a mom and two teens! In hindsight, should have asked for a different room.Lots of banging and slamming of doors going on in the rooms around us which woke us frequently during the night so the rooms don't appear to be very soundproof however the common areas were quiet.Check in was fast (about 10 minutes) and we did get an early check in, which was a bonus. Valet service was wonderful and staff in the gift shop were friendly.	
May 10 2007 	Completely underrated	I stayed at this hotel April 23 - 26 for a convention that was held in the convention area of this hotel and paid for by my employer which was the only reason I stayed here and reluctantly. When we arrived at the Riviera around 9:30 a.m., check in was not available. Usually, there will at least be someone at the desk to tell you no rooms are available but we were told by the bellhop that check in did not even open until noon. So, we checked our bags for a $4 tip and we were on our way.  I'll be honest - I was dreading my stay at this hotel due to all the comments on this message board - ranging from mediocre to poor, foul, and dirty. Well, I am happy to inform some of you that I was thoroughly happy with my room. Admittedly, I had some type of mini suite. They say it's a deluxe room that they give to convention go-ers. I was in room 2707 in the Monte Carlo tower facing north. As I understand it, these rooms are not the norm. Also, even though the room number started with 27 and I pushed 27 on the elevator, we were actually on the 15th floor. Go figure. The room was very clean. There were ash trays in my room and everyone else that I talked to at the convention. Perhaps they do not have non-smoking rooms? Either way my room did not smell like smoke at all and that is what everyone else I talked to said.  The room was equipped with a 15&quot; TV inside a large armoire, doorbell, large safe (24&quot; tall by 12&quot; deep) that was rentable for $3 per day and guaranteed any burglary to it up to $20,000, closet with 10 or so hangers, alarm clock, sink area outside the bathroom area (this is important to girls who want to get ready while their guests are showering ), jetted tub with shower, shampoo, lotion, hand soap, 2 small writing desks, extra pillows and blankets. I never heard any noise through the walls. Sadly, there was construction on the north side of the hotel and I could hear it starting at 6 a.m. The hotel itself had some nice amenities including a couple sundries shops with cheap water (97 cents for liter). The staff was almost always friendly with few exceptions. The maids were friendly and smiling. Pool was pretty small but adequate with lots of shade from trees and the building that surrounded it on all sides. And there were several rooms with outdoor balconies that you can actually get out on. There is also a coffee shop in the casino that I got a small latte for $4. Convention space is fairly large but there were ongoing issues with their A/V equipment and rooms were not furnished with tables, thus if you were taking notes, they were on your lap.  Close by is Walgreens, 7-11, Ross (my international friends love this store for cheap clothes shopping), McDonalds, Peppermill restaurant and lounge, and a liquor and grocery store (or so the sign said).  The casino is adequate with lots of penny and nickel slots for us cheap gamblers. In fact, there was a penny monopoly slot I sat at for nearly 4 days straight. The drink service was mediocre to average at best. I had 1 waitress that brought me the wrong drink twice and then brought me the right drink to the wrong place twice. There is a small poker area with $44 no limit tournaments and 2-4 and 4-8 Texas hold 'em. The place was almost always full. There is a large community wheel of fortune near the main entrance and lots of normal slots and lots of $5 blackjack, even at night.	
May 7 2007 	Energy surcharge 	The inside of the hotel is nicer than the outside. The room was clean and pretty quiet.However, the front desk is miles from the main entrance, and when I arrived there were five unoccupied employees behind the check in area, only one of whom bothered to check me in after several minutes of waiting.Upon check out from my room's TV, I discovered a nasty energy surcharge that I will be disputing via my credit card.	
May 7 2007 	Nothing Wrong with the Riviera	If you take anything from this review, take this - THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH THE RIVIERA. It is clean, quiet, comfortable, well priced, and well located. However, if you make a reservation there thinking that you are going to be staying in a MGM Grand or Paris-like hotel, you are going to be disappointed. The Riviera is 50 years old. As a result, comapring it to a brand-new hotel like the Wynn or the Venetian is like comparing apples and oranges. I stayed in a superior room in the Monte Carlo Tower. My room had a king sized bed, phone, table, two chairs, fridge, safe, remote controlled TV with in room movies, closet with iron and ironing board and chest of drawers. There was also a vanity table and mirror. In the bathroom there is a tub, shower, toilet, sink, a large countertop, and a hairdryer. The only think that might be considered 'missing' from a standard hotel is a coffee maker, but there is a coffee shop downstairs. The room was spotlessly clean, and was well cleaned every day by the housekeepers (I stayed for six nights). The hallway is very quiet, and there was virtually no noise, except for the occasional sound of a door closing nearby. There was a pop machine and ice machine on my floor.The pool area is beautiful - it is very enclosed by the four towers, and there are lots of sun beds available, as well as towels at the kiosk. There is also a grassy area which makes a change from the concrete which surrounds other Vegas pools. The restaurants, especially the buffet, are like the hotel - if you want something a little fancier, you will need to go elsewhere. That being said, the buffet is adequate, has a decent selection, and is well priced. I would recommend it for breakfast, but you might want to go somewhere a little more upmarket for lunch or dinner. We tried Kady's coffee shop for lunch, and found a decent selection of sandwiches, burgers, etc. Good portions at reasonable prices. THE PROS: Clean, quiet, comfortable. Reasonable prices (room rates, restaurants, buffet, etc.). Lovely pool area. It is a little further down the strip than the mainstream hotels, but the Deuce (the bus route which runs up and down the strip) stops right outside the main casino door, and it is a VERY SHORT walk across the street to catch it going the other way. Also, because it is a smaller property, you don't have to walk miles to get to your room. THE CONS: The 'Winners Zone' program. Avoid it. You give them $20, and they give you a $40 voucher for a selected bank of $1 slot machines, and a prize of your choice T-shirt, golf shirt, etc.). I don't think a single person I spoke to won anything on those machines. Also, the service is only adequate. I found the staff do what they need to do, but I didn't meet anyone who was overly friendly or who went the extra mile.TIPS: Take the shuttle bus to and from the airport. It may be a longer trip, but it is a lot cheaper, about $6 rather than a $30 cab ride. Also, if you're into roller coasters, take the short walk (about ten minutes) up to the Sahara and go on &quot;Speed: The Ride&quot;.CONCLUSION: You get what you pay for. There is nothing wrong with the Riviera, but it is nothing spectacular. If you are looking for spectacular, spend the extra money and stay somewhere else. If you are looking for clean, comfortable, reasonably priced, and aren't necessarily looking to be in the heart of the action, then the Riviera is for you.	
May 3 2007 	Will not stay again...	This place is in great need for renovation, better yet, tear it down and start over. Upon check in we were told we would have a smoking room, due to allergies and asthma, could not have that, I complained, then was told that they did have a non smoking room but it needed to be cleaned. We went up there, the room was cleaned but smelled bad. The water in the shower was warm at best most of the time, the beds were horrible, the elevators were extremely slow. Spend the extra money and stay on the better side of the strip.	
Apr 26 2007 	Security Nightmare	We we awakened in he middle of the night by a group of men demanding us to open the door and claiming they were hotel security. We called the desk who advised us the men were NOT employees.They began forcing the door open, we were in fear for our lives holding the door shut while the intruders cursed and threatened us. Amazingly it turned out the 6 men trying to break into our room were hotel security officers. They claimed they were searching for narcotics. We don't use drugs, we're not some young wild partiers, we were sound asleep and doing nothing wrong. We are retired. When we complained to the manager, she told us we should have let them in with no questions asked! and then we were evicted from the hotel. This was a very frightening and potentially dangerous situation. You would expect this in some third world country, not in Las Vegas	
Apr 20 2007 	Pleasantly surprised!! 	I stayed at the Riveria for five days while attending a convention related to my work.I was disappointed that the convention booked at the Riveria since i had read some bad reviews. I couldn't have been more suprised and delighted after my stay.I did VIP check-in which took less than five minutes and was given a non smoking, double room as requested. The room was somewhat worn, but clean and a nice clean bathroom.The beds were comfortable--great pillows--but a little firm on the mattresses!! Towels were divine. The room was cleaned nicely every day with new, clean sheets. The casino was really pretty, although also worn in places.Penny, nickle slots paid really well. High limit slots (5.00+) were not so good.I played texas hold-em several times and being the novice that I am was grealy helped my a polite and courteous staff of poker dealers.The food was my only real disappointment. The only food I liked here was the fast food--great hot dogs!!!The convention and meeting rooms were especially nice.Large, roomy, good snacks and breaks. All in all, this was a very pleasant experience. I would go back.I would love to see this place brought back to its original splendor!!! One could see underneath the worn out facade, the beauty and elegance of its former self. DianneAuburn, Alabama	
Apr 19 2007 	Okay hotel horrible service	This hotel is at the end of the &quot;strip&quot;, but still a decent location. The rooms are in desperate need of renovations, as well as, the meeting space. These things can be overlooked, however, TERRIBLE service cannot. From check in to check out, all employees of the hotel were RUDE and LAZY. IF you actually received service (for meetings, food, concierge, business center, etc.), it was horrible. It is unfortunate that I must return to this hotel for another conference in a few months.AND: if you are a coffee drinker, bring your own supplies. To have a coffee pot, cups and coffee it is $35.00 per day. Or you can order from room service which is $13.00 per small pot of coffee and they charge you a per person fee on top of that.	
Apr 19 2007 	Would go back	My husband and I recently stayed at the Riveria April 13 - 17. After reading several reviews, I was nervous about staying there. It is true that it is nothing fancy (similar to a Holiday Inn) but our room was extremely clean. We had no problems checking in or out. The location is wonderful because you are on the quiet end of town but yet within walking distance to everything. We ate breakfast twice at the Worlds Fare buffet (the made to order omelets are excellent!) and were pleased with the selection. We also ate supper there once and I thought the food was wonderful for the price. I did think the food court was a little on the dirty side. There is a McDonalds across the street if you want a fast food meal. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a clean room and doesn't want to spend alot of money.	
Apr 9 2007 	Reasonable price good location and comfy rooms	We stayed at the Riviera over Easter weekend. Our booking was for a double double room, when we arrived we were told we had been allocated a King and if we had checked in earlier we could have had the room we requested. Spoke to the manager and she miraculously found a double double for us.Rooms are clean, a little basic but adequate. We stayed in the Mediterranean Tower, with views of Circus Circus (the giant clown beamed through our window every night!) and the Sahara. Staff seemed pleasant enough, a little disinterested but certainly not rude. We didn't eat at the Riviera as there are plenty of eateries nearby, I definately recommend the Denny's around the corner - the staff and food are great! Location wise it's at the quieter end of the Strip but not too off the beaten path, a 5 minute walk gets you to the Wynn and Fashion Show Mall, and the Deuce bus runs right past the hotel so if it does get a little too much for you then you can ride up and down the Strip for $2 per trip or $5 for 24 hours. All in all a comfy place, not sure I'd stay again as it was a little basic for my liking but nothing bad to say about it!	
Apr 1 2007 	Good value and location	My wife and I stayed from 03/27 to 03/31. Checkout took 5 minutes. Got a good size room at the Monaco Tower. We requested a non-smoking room but it was not available and gave us a smoking one, promising to change us the next day. However, since the room was clean, with no tobacco smell inside or in the corridors, we didn't ask for the room change. (The front desk did not call regarding the promised change, anyway). The bathroom was big enough, with marble floor, and the bathtub clean, no mold. Good shower pressure, plenty of hot water. They give you a low-quality shampoo, and water in Vegas is hard (high mineral content), won't get you lather. You better get your own brand shampoo. The bed was king size, very comfortable, with good pillows, they supply firm and soft so you can choose. We only tried breakfast buffet at the Wold's Fare restaurant ($10.95), wasn't very good. For example, peaches and pears came from a can, not fresh. There was only one yogurt flavor. Orange juice was from concentrate, and the machine was failing, tasted tawful. There was only 2 bread toasters, one was broke.The following days, we rather walked one block southbound to a Denny's restaurant on Vegas Blvd. There is also a fast-food court (Mardi Gras) inside of the hotel, with KFC, A&amp;W, Pizza Hut, La Salsa Mexican Grill, and some chinese.Also one block south of the hotel, you'll find Walgreen's, 7 Eleven, and a Ross outlet clothing store. A McDonald's is accross the street. Inside the hotel, there are some stores that sell T-shirts and souvenirs at the same price as in the street; also toys, souvenirs, luggage, eyeglasses, and general merchandise.Wi-Fi internet is available in your room at $10.00 per day, I clocked download and upload speeds at 1.2 Megabits, strong signal, quick and reliable. Just open your browser and pay online with your credit card to the 3rd party provider. They e-mail you a receipt. The hotel is a little bit outside of the action, you will have to walk around one quarter of a mile, to reach The Strip.If you are attending a trade show, you are withing walking distance of the Convention Center and Sands Expo. Checkout took another 5 minutes. In the basement, there is an area where you wait for a taxi, or take a limo, you don't need to call them, they are constantly passing by. We decided to leave Las Vegas on style, and shared a limo to the airport with another couple, each one paid $24 USD. Yes, the hotel is old, but not in bad shape, overall the Riviera is a good value, definitively we would stay there again.	
Mar 28 2007 	STINKY!	We stayed at the Riviera because the rest of our family was already booked there, none of us had been there before. It is dirty, run down, stinky, the staff is slow, rude and the front desk, room service, and housekeeping do not answer the phones. If they do, good luck getting service. The smell of smoke is so awful. The toilet overflowed on my cousin's wedding dress and the shower gave us athlete's foot. It's a good thing half of us skipped the shower cause the bathroom was just way too creepy. Wouldn't stay here again if it were 10 bucks!Ewww.	
Mar 27 2007	My Las Vegas Trip	I took my husband Larry to Las Vegas for his 60th birthday in February. We stay at the Riviera on the strip, when I made my reservation through Southwest vacations I had requested a room with a refridgerator in it as I have diabetes and need to refridgerate my insulin. When we arrived they had put us on the 36th floor and I have asthma also and the walk appeared to be about 2 miles from the elevator, when I called the desk about the refridgerator they said they had overlooked my request and I would be moved but it was in the smoking area, well, we were moved to the 4th floor and right around the corner from the elevator. After we got to our room and we rested I felt like a new person i hadn't felt that good in years, the people were great and the service was wonderful, we also walked on the stripe and I thought that was something I wouldn't have been able to do in my lifetime.	
Mar 27 2007 	Don't Stress...Had a wonderful time....	We planned our vacation to the Riviera for quite a while...I would check in periodically on these boards...and well....I was scared to death. I had read about the Riviera being unclean and the staff being rude...I was nervous. We hadn't stayed at the Riv in at least 8 or more years. We go to Vegas every year...and we had stayed at the Mirage, the Alladin, the Luxor...so I had gotten used to nice digs. Well here is the report...WE HAD A FABULOUS TIME AT THE RIVIERA.The staff was excellent at check-in. You can do the electronic or you can speak with an actual person...whichever you prefer. The front desk person was very pleasant and helpful...not rude in the least. We stayed in the Monte Carlo tower...the room was plain, but clean and fairly large. The bathroom was tiny. Some things could be updated some, but it wasn't like I stepped into the 60's or anything....it was nice. We ate at Kady's almost everyday, and our server's were EXCELLENT...always polite and helpful.I can't say enough about most of the dealers, pit bosses and the people that walk around the slots...the coctail waitresses were nice too. I didn't win anything, but I was entertained while I loss.I simply loved every minute of my vacation. Don't let the actions of one turn into the actions of an entire hotel. I can't think of one bad thing...I guess it depends on your outlook.So for those looking for an inexpensive vacation, I say go for it and stay at the Riviera. :D	
Mar 21 2007 	Good times? GREAT TIMES!	I felt that I had to counteract some of the less positive reviews on this website. First, let me tell you some of the things you should know about the Riviera before you book your stay (I knew these going in, so I wasn't disappointed):1) The Riviera is on the north Las Vegas strip. What this means is that you're a 10-minute bus ride to the south (newer) end of the strip.2) The Riviera is one of the older hotels on the strip.Knowing these two things before you get to the hotel are very important before booking your stay at the Riviera. You will NOT be in the middle of the action like you had stayed at Caesar's Palace, nor will you experience the extravagence of a newer resort hotel like the Bellagio, but neither of those are necessarily a bad thing. The cost is right on for what you get and, if you plan on gambling, the Riviera has some of the lowest table minimums that you will find on the strip.The rooms are very comfortable and the beds are decent enough. In my opinion, the location is excellent; you are far enough removed from all of the South Strip action to get a good night's sleep, but you are also a short bus ride down the strip, if you decide to play a high roller for a night or two. Also, since you are on the north strip, you are closer to downtown than if you had stayed on the south strip. Check in and check out were both quick. Probably the best dining experience that we had was in the in-hotel restaurant: Kristofer's Steak House. The penny slots were great for spending a decent amount of time playing without spending a lot of money. The payouts were some of the best on the strip.Overall, I can't think of anything bad to say about this hotel. If you are looking for luxurious accomodations, look elsewhere. But for the average guy that just wants a fun hotel In Las Vegas with a nice casino, good beds, and an awesome restaurant, I would highly recommend the Riviera.	
Mar 21 2007 	We agree - just fine for the price	My husband and I stayed for three nights in October. It was about our 20th stay in a Vegas hotel (every time we try a different place). This place is good if you're in town to gamble and enjoy a little old school Vegas. Comps are decent and the drinks and food are just fine. Nice assortment of shops and restaurants and decent pool area. Good location on the strip, you can easily walk to other casinos on the strip and it's just a short cab ride away from Downtown. Rooms were clean, but outdated and sparse. If you are looking for a dream vacation or a honeymoon, try the Venetian or the Wynn. For a fun weekend getaway on a budget, the Rivieria will fit the bill.	
Mar 18 2007 	Wouldn't go back...	I was there for a conference and it was &quot;mandatory&quot; to stay at the Riviera. The Riviera is a very old hotel and its apparent from the rooms. It had been 7 years since I've visited Vegas and things have changed. It used to be inexpensive and you got that for your money. Now you pay big bucks and still get junk.Although I was on a non-smoking floor it stunk like smoke, there was a gap in the bottom of the main door and the locks did not seem stable. There were inadequate locks on the windows too. There was tons of noise in the halls and the bathroom was terrible. Under the sink had tons of water damage and looked terrible. Overall for paying a very high room rate I was very displeased with the the hotel. The food ranges were from cheap and nasty to inexpensive and not good. Plus you had to pay for internet service at almost $10 a day.Compared to other cities it was outrageous and very unappealing. The bed was not comfortable and the room did not make you feel at home at all.	
Mar 17 2007	Good place on the strip!	Had a good time at the Riviera Hotel. It was above average temps so we got to use the pool and outside area. Pool was great and the lifeguards were fun. If you don't want to rent a floating raft - bring your own. Casino did not seem overly smoky and when we sat down to play the slots we were brought free drinks fairly fast. Penny slot area has 99cent Lime Margaritas and $2.00 Strawberry Margartias- very good! The room was clean,bed was comfortable. Room is a bit small and they charge for local calls (a ripoff) Elevators are fast and our non-smoking room smelled very clean and was quiet. If you like gourmet food this hotel is not for you. But we wanted to lay at the pool area and not run around to find different places to eat, so we used the hotel coupons which made the buffet only $6.00 each (included drinks and desserts). The buffet was good for $6.00 - I wouldn't pay the regular $12.00 for the buffet. Location for the Riviera is ok, not great, it is located at one end of the strip. We bought day passes for the Deuce city bus which stops right outside the hotel and goes up and down the strip every 5 minutes. Otherwise it's a bit of a walk to the other casinos like New York, Paris, etc. But the Deuce bus worked well except during rush hour then it took about 40 minutes to get on the bus.When we checked in we had to wait about 30 minutes in line (yuck) but checkout can be done in your room using a TV program. All in all a good trip and would stay here again. It's not the fanciest hotel but it costs a lot less and I would rather use my extra money to play the slots or buy margaritas. I would stay here again.	
Mar 16 2007 	Good clean accommodation - The Riviera Hotel	We stayed at the Riviera hotel in Mar/April 2006. We had a 14 night stay and found this hotel to be average in comparison to the other bigger hotels but is good value for money and really couldn't complain about it all.I must admit that it did take a while to get checked in at reception on our arrival, but once we had, we found our rooms to be very clean and spacious. We had 2 double beds in our room with television and small dining table with chairs at the window. Our room looked down the strip towards the Stratosphere Hotel.I found the maids to be very friendly and we were always given fresh towels when needed, and when we wanted more pillows (we had left a note in the morning) they were there waiting for us when we returned from our days shopping.The pool area can get quite crowded if it's a hot day so be prepared to wait for a lounger but the waiting staff round the pool are more than happy to bring you a drink while you wait.The food court at the Riviera is great with a wide selection of good food from Subway to La Salsa. One of the burger places do a cooked breakfast for less than $5per person which is far better than the buffet upstairs. I wouldnt waste your money. The lines are slow and the stations are low on food when it gets busy and takes a long while to be replenished. Other than that, I find the Riviera Hotel to be clean, basic and good value, especially if you're looking for a hotel that's cheap and cheerful and just want somewhere to rest after a long hard day shopping or sunbathing.	
Mar 15 2007	OK for the price	Stayed in the Monaco tower which is a fair hike from check-in. Room was on par with a Days Inn, with very basic furniture, television, bathroom, etc. In-room A/C unit makes quite a racket when turned on. Pros about the Riv are the price (only $50/night during spring break week) and the short-ish walk to the Wynn (10 mins south) and Sahara/Stratosphere (10 mins north). Probably would not stay here again.	
Mar 13 2007	Comfortable good position awful landscape	Hello!I'm Italian (Sicily), and I've been in Usa for the second time in my life, this Jannuary 2007. Usa is the best if you want to have fun. Me and my relatives (they live in Massachusetts and in Florida) decided to go in the most fantastic place of entertainment of USA..Las Vegas!!!! we took a packege flight + hotel, when an Italian arrives in Vegas you are sure he is going to say: how did people think about doing all this..amazing!!! Vegas is the top, you can find what ever you like and want.We staied at &quot;The Riviera Hotel and casinò&quot; not the top but we wanted just a hotel were we could sleep. The hotel is a 3 star nothing more, nice casinò nice lights in Vegas style, and quite near to the center. The rooms are spacious, and clean. What I did not like was the surroundings, everything was dirty, papers along the street, not as in the center everything very clean. Any way I suggetst you should go if you need a hotel just to have a quick shower and a rest. Have fun in Vegas I want to go back!!Fiona (SIcily)	
Mar 11 2007 	Worst Buffet In Vegas?	The breakfast buffet had insanely runny eggs, dried out &quot;chipotle&quot; beef, hard-as-a-rock biscuits, a half-empty pastry cabinet, and bacon that had so much added &quot;smoky&quot; flavor that you could not actually taste the bacon. For the price, this was brutally bad. I cannot even imagine someone in management thinks this is worth half of what they charge for it.	
Mar 10 2007 	could be better	Stayed in the Rivieria for New Years a few years ago and it doesn't look like it has changed much. Our first impressions were that it was basic, clean but very 1970's decor and dated. However, when we went down the Strip to the better hotels we felt we were staying in Butlins! The Riviera has an excellant location on the Strip the bar staff are friendly and Kadys is adequate. The Riviera seems to have many regulars who return time and again however they are not the high rollers of other hotels.The rooms are only adequate and the walls are paper thin. The buffet is not great. If you want to go with nostalgia to Vegas of the old days then this is the place to go. If you want the comfort and abundance of new Vegas then go to the Venitian. Personally I would not return.	
Mar 9 2007 	This was not good	While visiting Las Vegas we stayed at the Riveria Hotel and Casino...... The casino was nice enough..... clean with friendly people. Howevver we had a complaint about the room. While i was gone to a poker tournament during the day, my husband stayed back at the room to get some sleep. However, someone walked into the room and not only woke him but scared him also. The hotel staff was totally NOT helpful in dealing with the matter at all. So, the rest of stay it was hard to sleep in the room. Fear keeping us from sleeping to soundly as we were afraid someone else could just enter the room at their own will.	
Feb 28 2007	Really really average	This hotel, once a star on the Las Vegas Strip, has seen better days. Dated decor, unexciting shows and indifferent staff are what will greet you at the Riviera, but if you are a conventioneer looking to travel on the cheap, the Riviera is a good buy and very close to the Convention Center.I booked through Priceline, and received a good rate for the very busy Presidents' Day weekend (NBA All-Star game/MAGIC Clothing Convention/several smaller conventions/Chinese New Year ALL in the same weekend). I called the hotel to request a non-smoking room several days prior to our stay, but when we arrived, the hotel had no record of this call. The hotel's website states that all rooms have two beds. Our room did not, of course, and they wouldn't change our room to a two-bed room until the next day. As we had arrived at 2:30am, we elected to request a roll-away instead of fighting with the staff for a room with two actual beds.The room was clean, but one lightbulb was out. The biggest problem we had was with the bell captain's desk. My bag was lost by the airline, and was to be delivered to the Riviera when it arrived. The first bell captain we spoke to wouldn't even look in the back to see if it was there, insisting that it would be on some list she had in front of her. The second bell captain said that we had to give him my name and room number for the list, or we might not be informed if the bag arrived (why didn't they tell us that when we checked in?, or the other time we checked with them?) When the bag finally arrived, the bell captain didn't even call the room to leave us a message. We just decided when we returned on day two to stop by the bell desk and ask. Lucky we did--or we would never have known that the bag had arrived.The staff was not happy to see us, or particularly helpful. Two exceptions, however: The bartenders in the casino were friendly and fun, and the hostess at Kady's Koffee Shop gave us good advice on where to find coffee to go one morning. Otherwise, our experience there was very, very, very average.	
Feb 24 2007 	Just Adequate	Being the NBA Allstar weekend rooms were at a premium. Very basic room. The bathrooms need to be updated. Be forewarned - there was no coffee maker in my room! Very inconvenient in the a.m. The plus is the beds are very comfortable!Unlike others who have posted, I did not have any problems with the staff. However, if I have a choice I would probably not stay here again.	
Feb 21 2007 	This hotel needs a demolition crew ASAP	We stayed here for 2 nights at the all star weekend, it was the only hotel that didnt charge 400$ a night so we took it.The rooms are old, the shower and bathroom is old, dirty and very very small. the bed was falling apart and the sheets were dirty and look like they been using the same sheets since the 60's.We stored our bags with the Bell Captain until we could check in, it took the guy 25 minutes!! to get our bags back, i tought he was high but he then told me he was &quot;wasted after a night of partying&quot; - yeah, real professionalthe walls are paper thin, we could hear the whole Law &amp; Order episode the couple next to us had on the tv - like it was playing in our room. and I wish that was the only thing we heard... at one point around 1 am we had to call security to knock on their door and tell them to keep it down, they were screaming and yelling all night long.the casino is ok, not alot of table games and for a casino in that location on the strip the limits may be high for some people.. some of the dealers are rude and very unfriendly , one of them was even yelling at the guy that was sitting next to me..The buffet was terrible... do yourself a favor, pay the extra 3$, and eat somewhere better like the Paris or the Bellagio, breakfest was a disaster, the selection was minimal, mostly eggs and really dry beacon.. and they charges 11$ for it.. what a scam.I will never ever stay in this dump again, I would rather pay 1000$ for another hotel then stay in this dump for free.. if you dont mind sleepless nights, rude staff and a clastrophibic toilet then go for it..	
Feb 16 2007	Birthday in Vegas	Just returned from 2 nights at the Riviera Hotel celebrating a birthday on a budget! Booked a special through US Airways from Atlanta. $5.00 shuttle to hotel. Best drinks while gambling at the Belagio Hotel. Best food &amp; service at Kady's Cafe at Riviera Hotel.Best roulette for $5.00 minimum and won was Riviera Hotel. Best slots &amp; shots at Hard Rock Hotel/ Pink Taco.Don't miss &quot;Thunder from Down Under&quot; at the Excalibur Hotel. Very fun &amp; tastefully hot Australian dancers. After the show, you can have your picture taken with them &amp; have fun buying at their shop.Vegas is very spread out. Take comfortable shoes. Taxi was about $12.00 no matter where we went. We mostly walked everywhere. Bus was $1.25/ 2.00 but crowded. Each hotel has something fun to see &amp; do. We loved them ALL! Riviera Hotel was perfect: clean &amp; comfortable, friendly,Strip view, and affordable.There's so much more to see &amp; do, we have to go back!	
Feb 8 2007 	Ok If The Price Is Right	My friend and I booked 4 nights at the Riviera, thru US Airways, the end of January 2007. We stayed at the hotel in 2002 and then it was my first trip to LV. It was better then. This time, the front desk clerk did not ask if we wanted a smoking room or not and put us in non-smoking (we booked smoking). She did not give out the customary room key holders for our keycards-in fact she only verbally told us the room number. When we got to the room it was clean but in obvious need of remodeling (scruffy walls and peeling wallpaper, etc.) and of course no ashtrays. My friend went to the front desk manager and explained the situation.He got us new keycards and the holders with the room number. The new room was much nicer and clean, and surprisingly had an iron and hair dryer (normally request these items from housekeeping). The furniture was dated and dresser worn but clean. The bed was ok. Beyond these things the hotel seems clean but needs upgrading desperately. The hallways need better signage and brighter lighting. Unfortunately the dinner buffet is less than 5 years ago with less variety. The food quality was generally ok. I would compare it to certain el cheapo chain buffets. Having said that however it is still a better value than eating at Kady's, the 24 hour cafe where an ordinary breakfast (omlet/potatos/toast and coffee) cost more than the buffet breakfast. Fortunately there is a food court and the variety and prices make a good alternative. The gambling experience I'll pass on except to say there seems little difference between Riviera and other casinos. The slot club promotions are better than in 2002 but I think that the point values assigned for play could be better. Please keep in mind that the Riviera is up for sale. A new owner could demolish it (like the Stardust during my visit) or completely refurbish it. I vote to refurbish. The majority of visitors are not high rollers and if we can't afford to stay then LV will be committing economic suicide.	
Feb 2 2007	Dont be put off it is value for money	Having read the comments posted on this site about the Riviera I was determined to view my stay with an open mind.My wife and I stayed there for 7 nights at the end of January.Checking in was a little difficult for someone from the Uk who is unused to electronic check in machines but the staff at the front desk were more than helpful and friendly. The room (322) was clean and very big (by my standards) It is true that the TV was not the latest model and the decor was in need of refreshing but the maid was very attentive and the consumables in the bathroom were always replaced and the towels were good quality and changed daily even if we tried to reuse them.The buffet at the time we stayed there was very good and we were even given a voucher for &quot;buy one get one free &quot; when we checked in . In &quot;Kadys bar&quot; at the hotel one could get a 16 ounce T Bone steak for less than 10 Dollars.I can only assume that the bad write ups on the Riviera were made by people with much higher standards than me, as my overall view was that the hotel room could benefit from a make over but for honest value for money don't dismiss the Riviera out of hand.	
Jan 25 2007 	The Riviera was okie dokie in my book!	From the moment we booked our room online to the moment we checked out, we have nothing but great service from the Riviera. When we arrived at the hotel, we asked about an upgrade (we had booked the 'deluxe' room) to a suite. At first they told us it would be $50 more per night for the room. Well that's alotta margs, let me tell ya! HA! So we decided not to. It came up that we were getting married in Vegas while we were there and the very kind lady at the front desk asked if we were being married at the hotel. I told her we were not only because if we were coming all the way from NY to Vegas to get married, we were doing it with ELVIS on board!! So our wedding was at the Graceland Chapel. She laughed and excused her self for just a moment to talk to her supervisor. When she returned, she said they would just give us a suite at NO EXTRA CHARGE and Congratulations! We thought that was great considering again, we were not being wed at the hotel. They gave us a petite suite and it was perfectly fine. Nice couch, lounging chair, and a big king size bed. We had a nice view of the Stratosphere and the Sahara. Our room was very clean and each and every employee we ran into was very nice. We had absolutely no problems at this hotel at all. When reading this review, please keep in mind that the Riviera is NOT Ceasar's Palace or the MGM Grand. It's a moderately priced hotel and one of the older ones. Is it as glamourous as Ceasar's or the MGM? Nope. But it had everything we wanted and the service that was provided was outstanding. The ONLY downfall is that it is just a ways up the strip from the &quot;gut&quot; of the strip. So it was always a hike to get down to see the show at Treasure Island or the Belligio or anything like that. Then again, you can always catch the Duece (the bus that runs up and down the strip) right next to the hotel for $5, which gives you a pass to ride as many times as you like in a 24 hour period. You'll want that after walking the entire strip just once! HA!	
Jan 24 2007	Me and the wife loved the hotel...again	Stayed there from January 13-16 and had zero problems again. It may not be the fanciest casino on the strip but they treat you well and the rooms are clean and quiet. Stayed in a non-smoking room and didn't smell any smoke contrary to other reviews.I liked being on the North end of the strip as it is a little easier to get around and is a easy ride down paradise to any other strip hotel or casino. IAvoid the buffet and at least one hit the $4.99 3 egg omelet meal at the steak place in the food court. Excellent.	
Jan 10 2007 	CES Default	I needed a hotel at the last minute for the Consumer Electronics Show. I booked throught USAir Vacations for $385 incl. air and two nites. Most CES hotels were $2-500/nite during the days that I was going to be there. So this was a bargain.I have stayed at the Riviera 6-7 times in the last 25 years, and it never changes. It is a dark, smoky, barely habitable hotel that happens to be walking distance from the convention center.I always reserve a non-smoking room, and I always get a smoking room. (EVERYBODY smokes at this hotel!) Bring your night vision goggles, because they have low wattage lightbulbs and opaque lampshades(!)Holes in the walls are covered with painted plywood or MDF, and fixtures are in need of replacement. This is a large property. To demolish or to fix up would be a huge undertaking each way. Having said all of that, if I'm ever on a budget again, and need to go to a convention, I will probably stay here again. I would NEVER bring a member of my family here.	
Jan 9 2007 	Grrrrrrrrrrreat Stay	I stayed over for New Year, arrived the 28th and asked if there were any upgrades available, we managed to get an apartment at the hotel for an extra $420 approx, for the 6 nights. The rooms were great, with a balcony, and view out to the Stratosphere.Being at this part of the Strip it was a bit less hectic than staying further down the Strip. Tried a few of the restaurants at the hotel and food was fine. Staff were all friendly and helpful.It costs by Taxi for 2 about the same as going by monorail down to centre of strip, ie MGM, $10 . Nearest monorail is at Hilton about 600yards away and across a busy road, although there is a pedestrain crossing . So if 4 of you are deciding to go down to the MGM hotel area it will work out cheaper and easier to get to by Taxi. When the Strip can be nose to tail with cars, then it might be better to get the monorail. Hotel has various pickups at South Lobby entrance for buses and tram. This will be the area for any tour pickups that you might have booked i.e Grand Canyon or airport shuttle service.Taxi stance is underground use the escalator or lift situated the other side of ABC gift shop away from reception area. If no taxis are there and in a large queue it will be quicker walking over to the Circus Circus hotel about a 5 min walk, and pick up a taxi from there. It is cheaper using the internet outside hotel $5 for 20 mins, $10 for 50 mins this is a 5 min walk going down the Strip just before the Peppermill restaurant.	
Jan 9 2007 	Very Bad Customer Service	Hi Friends, I would like to advice u guys never ever opt for this Hotel Customer Service is really bad,I know it's the cheapest hotel on the strip but u save nothing much as all amenities are charged,so finally u end up spending same amout so instead stay somewhere near to mid strip and enjoy the stay.only restrooms r free alse all services are charged they don't at all care for customers.Don't ever go to the &quot;SynCity&quot; nightclub in this Hotel it sucks big time.	
Jan 3 2007 	AWFUL HOTEL	I stayed last year at the Riviera and am writing this now b/c I am going back to Vegas and just remembered how horrible this hoel is. This hotel has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. I was disappointed from the start. Front desk help was incredibly rude. When I asked for a non-smoking room, as I had booked, the guy behind the desk literally laughed and said &quot;This is Vegas, get real.&quot; When I told him I had no problem getting non-smoking at every other hotel I had stayed in Vegas he just ignored me. The room was dirty, smelly and old. As others have pointed out, it is nearly a miracle if you can get an iron and ironing board. We were told one would be tracked down eventually and when it was brought we would have an hour to have it back in the hallway outside of our door or we would be charged an additional fee. For $20 a night more stay at the Flamingo or Luxor or something comparable.	
Dec 22 2006 	Las Vegas only disappointment	First, I was there for 9 days with a big meeting &amp; event.I'll make it easy, it's not all bad, but it's not far from it either.Good stuff:- Huge breakfast buffet (impressive). The breakfast is good at either breakfastrestaurant. Tried them all! :-)- The conference dinners were good. Not superb, but okey.- Good conference facilities - no technical problems (it seemed)- The Splash Show is great! This is actually something every one should experience!! Amazing...Bad stuff:- The rooms are so worn out. It's unbelivable that they haven't done anything with them! Huge rooms, but no furniture except the bed and a chair... That means A LOT of big space of NOTHING!- The front desk staff is unbelivable impolite and NOT at all helpful (Excuse my manners: They are &quot;---&quot; !)- The carddealer I had at the Blackjack table was so impolite and made me feel so dumb! I told her it was my first time playing, but still, just looked at me when I did some &quot;mistakes&quot; as touching the table etc. and raised her eyes, and made all sorts of noises to show how stupid I was...- The bartender was not around much... Didn't even stay in the bar when there was 20 persons from our group trying to make an order. Not good enough!- The whole hotel is worn out, and desperatly needs to be refurnished.. Big time...- The area around the slots just made you feel like you were in the middle of a bad 70s movie. So much noise, and so not up to date!In total, don't go there... If you want a ok, but cheap casino resort, stay at the Hilton Las Vegas. Not great, but at least much better than this old, old, old &quot;lady&quot;....	
Dec 11 2006 	Yuck!!!!!	My husband and I stayed there for a week due to a conference there. It was our first time in Vegas. NEVER AGAIN will we stay there. The front desk staff was rude beyond belief, they do not honor advance reservations/requests for room types. The elevators we used to get to our rooms smelled strangely of fried food, day and night. The food in the buffet was cold and tasted the same, as if cooked all together. Kadys was ok, atleast the staff there was nice! Our rooms were $59 per night and I guess you get what you pay for. The organization that holds the conference we were attending will be moving to another hotel as well. It was a bummer all around. They just don't care! Never in my life have I smelled such strange smells in a hotel. Time for the wrecking ball! Old is ok, if clean and cared for, but not here. The people who work there must hate it too as uncaring as they are. I coudln't wait to leave. I paid 53 cents for a cup of hot water to make my own tea in, now that's pushing it!!!!!	
Dec 5 2006 	Disappointed in the Riviera	I was very disappointed with my stay at the Riviera. There was no coffee pot or ironing board in the room. When I asked at one of their &quot;catering buffets&quot; they would not even fill my cup with hot water without charging me $1.50 (I had my own tea bag and travel mug). The pillows were barely an inch thick (after repeated attempts they did finally find us a few decent ones). The room and bathroom generally just seemed old and in need of a remodeling. The room decor was okay, though the casino atmosphere was old and obnoxious. However the housekeeping staff were friendly and nice and the room did at least feel clean. It's convenience to our conference was the only reason for staying there, and admittedly was probably worth it, but for any other reason I would not stay there again.	
Nov 30 2006 	Thanksgiving 2006	My husband and I stayed here on Nov.24th. Yes, the hotel is old, the hallways to the rooms are poorly lighted and have low ceilings...Our room was at the very end by the fire exit, a large room, 2 beds, small t.v. ,old small bathroom, but we did not find it bad...oLD AIRCONDITIONING. wE HAD PAID MORE HERE THAN AT THE hILTON.....	
Nov 29 2006 	Budget Hotel with no $5.00 tables	My wife and I stayed at the Riviera Hotel &amp; Casino in Las Vegas Nov. 14-17, 2006 ...(week days). The check-in had no lines and also had automated check-in via computer located at the front desk. We opted to speak to a person since we had requested a non-smoking room with a King bed. Needless to say it was not available; however they did change us to a non smoking room the next day after setting us up with a double non smoking room for the first day.The rooms were very basic with particle board furniture and headboards. The view was of the Circus Circus overlooking an ugly drained out &quot;taped off&quot; pool, no activity, no landscaping.....just concrete. The windows were dirty as well. The a.c. unit is the old loud type that is located under the window. The bathrooms were very small yet clean with updated tile on the floor and the shower. The T.V. is just a cheap 19&quot; type. Overall, the room did the job for the price .... No Frills.The Casino was disappointing for us. We were looking forward to some low limit tables, ie. $5.00, until we shook off some rust from our last Vegas trip before increasing our bets. The entire time we stayed there, we never gambled at this casino. Throughout our entire stay, they only had one $10 continious shuffle deck for Blackjack, and one $10 shoe deck Blackjack table and NEVER a $5 table. They then had $25 and $50 tables for those wiling to spend that kind of money in an older casino. As a Las Vegas regular, you can find a $5.00 blackjack table or craps table at some of the finer MGM properties during the day and early evening, so this was very disappointing for us. The same goes for the Craps tables being at a $10 min. This trip was during the off season during the week day which suprised us even more.Luckingly for us, we had rented a car and were able to Casino hop all day long. We spent our money elsewhere and came back in the evening to sleep. That sums up what we thought of the Casino action.Overall, I would only recommend staying at the Riviera if you have a rental car and need a no frills budget room. I can not give you an assessment of the restaurants because we never ate there either, because we took our morning casino action elswhere. I hope that they realize that the games need have a lower limit to entice their budget customers to start gambling there.	
Nov 27 2006 	"Bad Rap for Riviera"	My husband and I visited Las Vegas for the Thanksgiving week (11/19/2006-11/24/2006) and stayed at the Riviera Hotel and Casino. Of course, before we embarked upon our trip, I read a lot of reviews regarding the hotel. Some good, but most bad. I expected the worse upon our arrival. We arrived at 6:30 that evening, after renting a car at the airport. The baggage service immediately took our luggage and brought it into the hotel awaiting check-in. Check-in went very smoothly without any gliches and check-out was even faster. We had a king-sized room that was clean, smoke free and comfortable with a lovely, clean bathroom. Each time we needed our rental car, the valet was quick, courteous and helpful. I never used room-service so I can not attest to that part of the service, however, the Buffet did leave something to be desired, but everything else was wonderful. The Riviera Hotel and Casino has gotten a bad rap from some people that I believe is just “Sour Grapes”.P.S. The slots are very tight – won a lot at Palace station.debrass	
Nov 21 2006 	DO NOT STAY HERE !	We booked a king sized, non smoking room in July 2006 to attend a conference in November 2006, at what was quoted as a &quot;special conference rate&quot; - $136.00/night.Upon arrival on November 9th, we were advised there was no such room available for us, they were all smoking. However, for another $50/night they could upgrade us to a suite. Having no choice at close to midnight for a conference commencing at 8.00 am we upgraded.The room was dark and dingy, the bathroom very small and old. The room keys kept deactivating, and when my husband was at the conference I asked the front desk to reactivate my key, they refused, they required my husband to do it. Front desk staff were rude, uncaring. Food was over priced and over rated. The cost of this room was extortionate, for the wrong end of the Strip. Don't ever book into this hotel, it needs to be completely torn down. It's a very sleazy hotel with nothing to offer a traveller.	
Nov 14 2006 	An absolute wonderful experience!!	Took my husband to Vegas for his Birthday (just the 2 of us) - stayed for 5 days....we were picked up at the airport by the Riviera's limo, received a wonderful suite with 2 bathrooms - 5 total rooms (so clean and decorated beautifully).....treated by the staff, Hosts, and Casino staff with the utmost respect. We have been visiting the Riviera for 2 years - 4 times last year in 2005 and twice this year in 2006. We've had our ups and down but this last trip was unbelievable!! While we were out and about we returned to our room and found a huge Birthday Cake with Champagne, a little later there were fresh strawberries, chocolates and another bottle of champagne, then again we received more fresh strawberries and chocolates w/drinks! I cannot express enough the wonderful way the Hotel, staff and Hosts made our stay so extremely delightful that I can't wait to go back!! Our favorite dining places within the Hotel are Kady's and the Italian Ristoranti. The waitresses and waiters at both places are very personable and yet very professional.When we were ready to return home to the East Coast, the Riviera's limo was waiting for us to take us back to the airport. What a wonderful and gracious stay we had at the Riveria. God Bless and thank you all for such a memorable stay.	
Nov 13 2006 	very poor service	We arrived at the Riviera just before midnight on the 1st of November after several delays in our journey. We waited in the check in queue for almost 30 minutes before being attended to. It was at that point we were told, not asked, that we would be moving room after our first night. We booked this trip about six months ago so we informed the staff that we would not be moving, the night manager then arrived.Never in my life have I been treated in such a rude and aggresive manner. She told us that we would be welcome to stay in the room if we would pay an extra $60 a night. I dared to ask why they would not let us stay in the room free of charge and was told that under no circumstances would that be happening. I asked if the other dozen people waiting to check in would be asked to move aswell and she said yes. Perhaps stupidly, but it was now 20 hours into my journey, I turned around and told the peole behind us what was happening. At this point the manager told me I could take the room and move in the morning or she would have security move us off the premises.We took the room and had to sign a piece of paper to say we would move the next morning. I know you are all thinking why did we not leave. All I can say is we were so exhausted from the journey we could not face it. When we arrived in our room we were expecting something special as this was after all the top grade room in the hotel. It was horrible, out dated(which we expected), not very clean and the paint was peeling very badly on the ceiling. The next day was a completely different experience. The check in team, now the day shift, were so apologetic about our treatment. My parents were told that they did not have to move room after all as their suite had not be booked but we would still have to move. Our new room although smaller was really quite nice. Much more modern and clean. The rest of our stay was uneventful. The main reason for my review is to warn people:- &quot;just because you have a reservation with the Riviera for a room this does not mean that it is the same room for each night of your stay&quot;. That is a direct quote from the not so friendly night manager. Under no circumstances will we ever be staying there in the future.	
Nov 11 2006 	Not as bad was people said	After reading some of the Reviews of this hotel I was worried. We stayed here for a conference. It was a pleasant surprise. The hotel is very large, the pool was a nice size and not near as crowded as the bigger hotels. Our room was clean and newer then what people have said. I had no complains at all. For the price, it is worth staying here.	
Nov 10 2006 	Dated But still above average	Stayed at the Riviera November 7-9 and found the experience great, but there were a few things that needed improvement that would have greatly enhanced our stay there.When we first arrived via taxi, we found the staff at parking area somewhat lackadaisical and offered NO welcome whatsoever. After taking the elevator up one floor it was somewhat confusing as to which way we should go for check-in even with directional signs posted throughout the casino floor.The staff at check-in were more hospitable and informed us that the only non-smoking rooms available were with 2 double beds. We opted for a smoking room with a king bed. WHAT A MISTAKE!!I can only say that this was one of the things that turned an otherwise enjoyable experience into one that was just above average. Even being a former smoker, I found it to be irritating.The smoke had definitely permeated the room and even saturated our clothes after only a few hours. Granted we chose this room, but we it was an inconvenience we could have done without. Even the dining areas seemed to be hazed from the smoking. This will change due to this past weekend's voting as smoking will no longer be allowed in the dining areas. Smoking will still be allowed in the bar and casino areas. Not sure about show halls.World's Fare Buffet was mediocre. Choices were great, but we found some of the items to be at or below room temp. And these were to be hot items. Staff here was average.The best dining that was encountered was in the Ristorante Italiano. The food and staff here were EXCELLENT and very condescending.Kady's was visited for breakfast and here again we found the food and staff to be of above average quality, but again the second hand smoke was additional item not needed or cared for even though there is seperate dining areas.Mardi Gras was also visited and found the choices here to be ok as far as fast-food goes.The shops in the hotel were great and staffing in them were very helpful. The ABC shops were especially well staffed.Granted the hotel decor and design are dated, but that is to be expected with it being one of the oldest hotel/casinos in Vegas. You could tell that additions were made to the overall layout by it's somewhat mazelike structure.Overall, our stay at the Riviera was fine and we would stay there again, however an excellent rating was reserved due to the fact of the smoke permeated atmosphere.	
Oct 16 2006	What a dump	I was in Vegas Thurs-Sun, and spent Fri and Saturday nights at the Riviera. To qualify, I did spend Thursday night at the Wynn (was in town for a conference), so I think after that wonderful experience, most anything would be a lesser experience.The Riviera however, makes most dumps look like the Wynn.We checked in on Friday and after putting in 2 requests via phone to be put in a non-smoking room with a king sized bed on a high floor in the most recently remodeled wing, we were given a room in the Monaco Tower. Do not believe them if they tell you the Monaco tower was recently renovated unless you consider the 80's to be recent.Our 10th floor room did indeed have a king sized bed, but that is where the pleasantries ended. The room was filthy, and the fact that housekeeping was in it when we arrived upstairs with our luggage did little to assuage the problem. Beyond it not being cleaned, it SMELLED like someone had died in there. I'll attribute part of the smell to the overflowing ash trays but I don't think they were 100% responsible. The odor was so bad that I became nauseous. We called the front desk and after there was no answer (there was actually no answer at the front desk any time we called during the entirety of our stay) we went to speak with the manager. We were moved to a petite suite in the north tower, which was a bit better--bigger, cleaner, no smell, but still only on the 4th floor. The room was passable except when a fuse blew (I'm assuming from using the hair dryer in the bathroom and the iron in the main area at the same time) and it took 45 minutes to get maintenance to come to give us light back.Still, we figured we'd make the best of it by spending as little time as possible while awake actually in the hotel.The cab stand was empty half the time and there was no staff helping with this problem. Because of the power outage, we tried a comped meal in the buffet, which was flat out gross. The staff was rude, the food was cold and inedible. I had a breakfast comprised of potatoes and melon.Looking out at the pool it literally could have been 1982.Redeeming factors were friendly dealers and low-min tables on the gaming floor. We booked it on priceline so I guess we got what we paid for, but I'll think twice before pricelining a room in Vegas again (it did NOT deserve the three stars they'd rated it at)Lets just say this is not a destination that the young and hip flock to, and there is good reason for that.	
Oct 16 2006 	Great stay at Riviera	My husband and I spent the second half our trip to LV in the Riviera and what a great place to stay. We were very impressed by the efficiency of the check-in and the courtesy of the staff. The room which was in the older block was spotless and the food was good at the buffet. The week we were there coincided with a large convention of barber shop singers from all over the US and the world. The hotel handled this admirably and it was amazing to see the work that went into handling an event of this kind. I would like to add that I am getting tired of reading reviews from people who seem to have what I call Bellagio-itis! That is, they seem to think that every hotel they stay in on the Strip should be like Bellagio or Caesars. Let me say this now - you get what you pay for and with the Riviera I feel they exceed expectations in respect of what you pay. Stop moaning and start giving credit where credit is due and if you really have something to complain about do it there and then.	
Oct 11 2006 	Nice affordable place.	This is my 4th trip to Vegas and the Riviera was the best hotel so far. There were almost no lines at check-in or check-out. The room was in good shape and the non-smoking rooms are actually non-smoking! It is walking distance to the Wynn and Stardust but you will need bus/cab/monorail to get to mid-strip. The food was OK. Buffet food was average and resaurants are over-priced. Pool and gym were very nice extras! Definately take advantage of the free slot tournament when you sign up for a players card--fun and free. Overall, I would recommend the Riviera to everyone. It has everything you need at a great price!	
Sep 28 2006 	Loved the Riviera Hotel !!	My mother and I travelled to Vegas for my 31st birthday during Labour Day weekend. Aug. 30 - Sept. 5, 2006. We stayed in Vegas for five full days. When we arrived to the airport, we got our luggage and headed out to find a taxi to take us to the Riviera and Casino Hotel. We actually found a bus shuttle that was less expensive than a taxi. We payed around $9.00 for a return ride. The bus dropped us off at The Riviera Hotel. When we arrived at the front desk the lady that helped us check in was polite and helpful. There was no line up checking in at around 1:00 am. Riviera is an old hotel. It's one of the only original hotels still standing in Las Vegas, 50 years old. Although it's not with modern decor it was okay because it really gave us the &quot;real Vegas feeling&quot;. It is a big hotel but not as big as all the new hotels on the strip. We found this an advantage because we were able to find our way around easily. There are four towers in this hotel. Our room was in the Monaco Tower which was located in the back of the hotel. Walking to our room in the Monaco Tower was really nice as we had a nice view of the pool . The pool is big with lots of lawnchairs around. The pool hours are: 10 am to 7 pm. There was always a lifeguard on duty.Our room was on the 15th floor. A very quiet floor even though it was such a busy weekend in Vegas. We were first placed a few floors down and then we moved to a higher floor because the other room was right on top of the big hotel airconditioners and it was noisy. The room was clean with two queen size beds, washroom had a big bathtub, shower head and one sink. It's not your modern, renovated room but it was perfect for us! You have to remember that in Vegas you are hardly in your room so you really only need a bed to sleep on and a shower.We saw two entertaining shows in the hotel during our stay, Barbara Streisand and Frank Sinatra impersonators. They were absoloutely incredible. Why spend $500.00 to see the real Barbara when you can see Sharon Owens as Barbara. We also saw The Neil Diamond show (also an impersonator). Very impressive! Both shows are highly recommended if you like this type of entertainment.The hotel was in a perfect location, it is North of the strip. We were across the street from McDonald's, Walgreen's and some other convenience stores were only a 5 min. walk from the hotel. The hotel also has two ABC convenience stores in it and one is open very late to get bottled water, alcohol and snacks. The casino is big with a couple of bars. There are a few restaurants in the hotel and one is opened 24 hrs. called Kady's. We ate at the buffet one morning for breakfast. No complaints as it had more than enough food to fill your stomach.The local bus that takes you across the Vegas strip is located right across the street which we found very convenient. This hotel is a 10 min. walk from the Fashion Show Mall. We liked this hotel because we did not have to walk a long time to get to the front entrance from the street as you do at the other hotels.Overall, we recommend this hotel if you are on a budget. It's a great value for your money. We will gladly stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 26 2006 	Pleased with my stay	I just returned from my first trip to Vegas. My spouse was there for a trade show and I must say that after reading a lot of negative reviews about this hotel we were a little scared to stay. We went in thinking that the place was going to be a dive but were pleasantly surprised. I just think that there's a lot of neg people in the world and look for any little thing to complain about. Yes, the hotel is one of the older ones and could use a little TLC but when you look at how much time you spend in your room it's hard to be negative about it. We did get off to a rocky start at check-in but everything worked out. We stayed in the Monte Carlo Tower, which we found to be nice. Had a great view of the strip. Some of the other people in our group stayed in the Monaco Tower and it was nicer and had an even better view. I wouldn't say it looked like something out of the 1980s. Had a nice whirlpool tub in the bathroom!I spent quite a bit of time at the pool and thought it was nice.Food was average in the hotel where we ate but there's so many other places that are only a cab ride away. Did hear that Kristofer's in the hotel was a good place for dinner. Prices were avg, about $23.00 a person depending what you get. The customer service we received from room service was exceptional also.Overall, I would stay here again. Better than some of the other hotels that charge $700/night. Now that's ridiculous! Considering you only sleep and shower there!!	
Sep 22 2006 	Not bad for being one of the old casinos	Friend had 3 free nights for the Riv and we had a great time. It's one of the oldies, but still lots of bells and whistles and life. Our room was Holiday Inn...ish. Very clean and good maid service. Nothing special, but comfortable. It's the second time staying there. Would I stay there again? Sure - if it was very inexpensive or free. I like the excitement of mid-strip the best. And I'm over 50. You can take to duece bus for around $5/24 hours. That was very convenient for us.	
Sep 13 2006 	prefer opposite end of the strip	I did not care much for the north end of the strip in general and this hotel was nothing special. We arrived around 11pm and were told that they overbooked so our standard room was not available....I was mad until they put us in the penthouse suite, which was very nice. Another couple that went with us stayed in a junior suite, which was okay, the ceilings in the junior suite are higher than in the standard room which was nice. The casino, hotel, and most of the north end of the strip looked pretty drab. It was nice being so close to wet n' wild water park and the adventure dome though. I wouldn't mind staying in this hotel again, but I would prefer to stay somewhere else. Here are some hotels that cost about the same as Riveria and are nicer:Flamingo, Tropicana (got married here), excalibur, and stardust	
Sep 6 2006 	where is the wrecking ball?!	It is my theory that anyone who has rated this hotel anywhere above a 2 has got to be either an employee or family of.I had a free room here thru a time share promotion and still refused to stay. I read some good reviews so I thought I would give the hotel a chance and take the benefit of the doubt. I could go into detail and critique all the different aspects of the hotel (i.e. the exterior condition, interior condition, staff, hospitality, amneties etc. etc.), but I will not waste your time nor mine.The only thing I will tell you is that upon checking into my room I requested the &quot;newly remolded tower&quot; (as all the good reviewers had stayed here). I went to my room and found a room that looked as if it hadn't seen a remodel since the early 80's. Aside from the outdated decor of the room, the carpet and countertops were so old that they were faded and very well worn (pieces falling off, cigarette stains, carpet unraveling) and the room had a strange odor. Again, trying to give the hotel a fair chance and since the room was &quot;free&quot; after all, I requested to be moved to another room with the hope that it just might be better. The second room did not fare much better. Same old, outdated decor and same well worn carpeting and countertops and even same strange odor. I returned to the reservation desk and let them know that I would be finding a room elsewhere. The lady looked at me, and said very sarcastically &quot;You don't like our hotel?&quot;. Hate to say it but .....no I don't. I contacted the timeshare company and made my complaint. They too, should be embarrassed for bringing me to Vegas to try to sell me a timeshare and book me into a less than satisfactory hotel. They put me up at their timeshare location -- much better. I have stayed in Vegas many times. Just because you are on a budget doesn't mean you have to sacrafice quality. You can find several other options competitive to the Riviera's rates. Check the Silveton or other hotels off the strip. Trust me, it will be well worth the inconvenience!	
Aug 23 2006 	Got Married	We had a complimentary trip and was leary after reading reviews. However, upon arrival (we got married 2 hours after we arrived) check in was quick and easy - the wedding chapel was very nice and the staff even better. We had a suite the night of the wedding and had about 14 guest. Room had a balcony over the pool area. The next 3 days we stayed in a regular room which was fine, no smells, nothing to really complain about. I've stayed in more expensive hotels in Vegas and its not like you're buying the place we made the best of it all. Would I stay there again - yes. Food in hotel was ok. Casino was ok. Came out even on the slots.	
Aug 13 2006 	Convention	I was in Las Vegas for the National Association of Postal Supervisor's convention from 8/5-8/11/2006. I stayed at the Riviera hotel in the Monaco tower. I have two complaints, the first being the fact that the towels are very thin and are not plush. The second complaint is that I could hear everything going on in the next room, there was only a single door separating my room from the room next to me. I have stayed in hotels where there were actually two doors. Overall, the stay was pleasant, I had a clean room with a beautiful view of the Las Vegas Strip.	
Aug 10 2006 	Great Visit........	We had a great time, clean rooms , casino was big and roomy, Slots are Fun across the street was smaller and little less expensive. Excellent staff was helpful.Bellhop Bill was awesome!!! Fun slot tournament and neat giveaways.	
Aug 9 2006 	Riviera they just don't care.	Not first time in Vegas, but last time in Riviera. I had problem when I was checking in, the manager was no help at all, pretty much just tossed aside. I wrote to the hotel complaining, no responce. I truely think the management doesn't care anymore. The room itself, well takea look at the pictures. This was room 5237. Rust on the sprinkler, sink peeling away, door looks like its been beaten, and yes, burns on the bed. I hope I can avoid everyone a headache by avoiding this used broken down hotel.	
Aug 6 2006 	The Riviera is what Vegas is all about!	It makes me laugh how people have nothing better to do then complain over meaningless stuff that is exaggerated! Its disappointing how people don’t take the time to write when they have had a great experience.When I found out that my friend had booked the Riviera and I read the reviews on here, I was concerned by the negative feedback and I'm not saying that the previous people were being dishonest but I think they are the types of people who are never happy with anything and are habitual whiners.This Riviera Casino Hotels accommodations and service is above average and the best value for the money. The location is preferable because it is located on strip but not smack in the heart of the strip so your not overwhelmed with hordes of crowds and traffic.I will never understand people who shell out big bucks for theme hotels with the gimmicks and tourist traps because you never end up spending a lot of time in your room which is money wasted! The rooms at the Riviera were spacious, clean, and provided everything needed. I know countless people who have paid more money in the higher end hotels just to be disappointed by their room and lack of service.To me Vegas is about the experience and some of the theme/large hotel all become indistinguishable and the bottom line is about the quick buck. The Riviera had character and it did not feel like we were just a number.I cannot rave or say enough good things about the service and the staff. They were friendly, helpful and attentive. The gaming tables and dealers were the best bar none. The dealers were entertaining and advised some good strategies for an amateur like myself (not to mention patient!) If I were to lose my money anywhere, the demeanor and characters of the dealers at the Riviera make losing much more tolerable. You can’t even get the dealers at some of the higher end places to even acknowledge you, never mind any pleasantries! I enjoyed playing the tables at the Riviera so much that I won’t even waste my time at the other places.To me The Riviera Casino Hotel is what Vegas is supposed to be about.	
Jul 7 2006	July 2nd-6th	My husband and I stayed here July 2-6th. This is not our first trip to Vegas but is the first time we have stayed on the North end of the strip.The Riviera is NOT a terribly bad place to stay.We didnt have high expectations after reading some of the reviews for this hotel but didnt think it was terribly bad either.One has to know that this is one of the older strip hotels before they stay here.While it is a tiny bit&quot;tattered aound the edges&quot; one has to appreciate the price, the fact that the ac works great and that there are clean sheets and towels. The place has a food court with decent Mexican food and Margaritas as well as a bus top with a ticket machine right across the street at Slots of Fun.After going across the street and viewing the Circus Circus which is TOTALLY a dump the Riviera can truly be appreciated.The Riviera is at least clean and shiny.Which is one thing I CANT say for the properties across the street from it.We would stay there again for the price!Carly-South DakotaNo its not the Wynn, Bellagio or Paris but it DOES hold its own.	
Jul 2 2006 	All around...you can do better!	I went to the Riviera because a conference I attend annually went there this year. I'm not any kind of fan of Vegas. but I've been twice before. Due to the cheap flights to this city, however, it's a great launching place for seeing some of America's natural wonders...Grand Canyon, Capitol Reef, Bryce, Zion, Natural Arches, Natural Bridges, Painted Desert, Four Corners, Death Valley...For starters the pool was closed, and another conference was being hosted by the hotel at the same time our was. Hence, our group did not get the attention we were used to getting at similarly sized conference venues in places like Puerto Rico, Santa Barbara, Toronto, Philadelphia, Charleston, Chicago, or Montreal at this same time of year. Hence, there was occasional mayhem and confusion. I recommend renting a car if you elect to go to this hotel, rumor had it that the buffet at this joint was subpar. Hence four of us we went to Circus Ciscus across the street, hoping to get into The Steakhouse--&quot;the Best steakhouse in Las Vegas.&quot; needless to say, it was overbooked and, by the time we'd gotten ourselves together, so were most of the other places that used table cloths. Hence, we wound up going to the Pink Pony (or whatever) at Circus Circus...we should have stayed at the Riviera because I can't imagine getting a worse cut of prime rib...pink from the outside to the core, with the fat barely cooked at all: it was like the meat was boiled!My room was fine but not overly ample. The decor was bland. Drinks were expensive in the casino bars. If you have the option take a room at the Barbary Coast. The prices and rooms are better, and you'd be right across from the Parisian, which has some of teh best casino restaurants and buffets in Vegas. Plus..you'd be in the midst of the new strip. The Riveiera is in the middle of nowhere. Even being on the old strip would be better.	
Jun 28 2006	Not bad	We stayed at the Riviera June 11-16, 2006. We have stayed here many times before. It is not as big as some of the other strip hotels, which means you don't have to walk 30 minutes to get from one end of the hotel to the other. Our room was clean, bathroom was clean. However, the mattresses on the beds were not very comfortable at all. The pillows were nice and fluffy, but mattresses definitely need replacing. Sheets were clean. The breakfast buffet has really gone downhill in the last couple of years. The best thing there is the made to order omelet. The food court area could use some upgrading. Next door, the Peppermill restaurant has good food, large portions, decent prices and a great atmosphere for relaxing. There's a bus stop right outside the front doors for people heading downtown, or across the street for people heading to the south end of the strip. For $5, you can ride the deuce bus as often as you like in a 24 hour period.If you don't spend a lot of time in your room like us, then the Riviera is a great bargain.	
Jun 22 2006	Riviera Hotel: Never Again!	My husband received shabby treatment not only from one of the front desk clerks but also from the desk clerk's manager on the evening of June 16, 2006.My husband and son arrived after 9 pm with our son for a chess tournament taking place that weekend at the Riviera.The room was booked over a month ago guranteeing it with a credit card. He specifically requested a non-smoking room as neither he nor our son can tolerate smoke. My husband explained this to the check in clerk. The clerk was very rude, shaking her head in disbelief as though he was demanding. He was asking politely. She told him that he could just change rooms on the following day and if he did not like that answer he can talk to her boss. She then left the desk and conferred with her manager. My husband and son were tired from traveling so they just took the smoking room. What next took place is unbelievable. The reservations manager(or one of the reservations managers)came up to my husband and sarcastically asked if there is a problem. My husband explained to this manager the situation and the manager actually told my husband that he overheard him being rude to his desk clerk when in reality the desk clerk was unprofessional and rude in her treatment of my husband who is a PAYING GUEST. My husband told me that there were other desk clerks who were helpful to other guests and these guests got non-smoking rooms.The room reeked of smoke and was so badly maintained. For example, the shower faucet handle was very loose that it was almost coming off, the towels were very thin and worn, and there was just a constant stream of smoke entering the room from the hallway. Decor was basic and inferior looking. One word comes to mind when describing the room on the whole: &quot;Terrible&quot;.Contrast that with what the Riviera's website advertises &quot;Over 2000 refurbished oversized rooms offer maximum comfort and breathtaking views of the glittering Las Vegas Strip with its western scenic panoramas. Each accommodation has been attractively decorated, including all the important amenities Las Vegas has to offer for both leisure and business travelers.&quot; Over 2,000 refurbished rooms? That's amazing as there must be hundreds of rooms still not refurbished as my family certainly got an unrenovated room.As to customer service this is what the Riviera advertises on their site &quot;At the Riviera, we take pride in serving our customers in the tradition and style that made Las Vegas famous.&quot;Does this Las Vegas tradtion and style include rudeness? Because while a few staff members were civil to my family the rest of them seemed very unhappy and very angry.We will never patronize the Riviera Hotel again as some of its staff and management do not value their guests and treat them as irritations. Also we will never recommend the Riviera to anyone. Regardless of the category level of a hotel and how much one spends on a room one should expect politeness and courtesy from the staff all the time. This means that regardless it's a low end hotel like the Riviera or a deluxe hotel like the Bellagio the service level should be pretty much even.This was my husband and son's first time staying there too and sad to say it was a major disappointment. They could have (and should have) stayed at a better hotel but they chose to stay at the Riviera Hotel because of the chess tournament that's held there. We sent a complaint on June 17th to the chess tournament organizers hoping that they would change the venue for next year. Unfortunately they have yet to respond. We doubt they will as they've held their tournament here for many years probably because the Riviera gives them an attractive deal. My husband talked to another chess parent and they were given a hard time in getting a room they wanted last year. The check in clerk tried to pass off a smoking room to them also.We communicated to the hotel's reservation department on June 17th by email regarding this situation. I finally got an email from the hotel's manager on June 19th. He claims that he will investigate our complaints. It is June 22nd and I have not gotten any feedback from him yet.By the way, the Trip Advisor review dated June 11th, 2006 and entitled 'I Really Was Comfortable Here' sounds as though it was planted by someone related to the hotel. On posting at the TA forum my complaints the consensus of everybody there said that the Riviera is a low-class hotel and while there are some nice staff members most are rude and you have to bribe to get anything good from rooms to service there. So either the person who wrote the June 11th review bribed the check in clerk to get a nice room and tipped heavily to the bellmen (who were gruff and rude to my husband also) to get cheerful service or it is a false report altogether.People have alluded to the fact that the hotel will be bought out, leveled, and rebuilt into a brand-new hotel. I hope that happens soon as right now this hotel is a loser on all counts.	
Jun 21 2006	waste of money	Recently stayed at the Riviera for 1 night (1 too many). After chekcing in I went to my room to find a bare romm with a fold out bed. The A/C was so loud that I woke up everytime it switched on. The pool area closes at 7:00 pm so if you have a later arrival you are SOL. The casino tables look like they were purchased on sale in the late 60's and the food at what they call their &quot;Buffet&quot; was terrible (that's being kind). Even if you get this place for $40 pn it's still a complete waste of money. Let's hope the wrecking ball gets this place soon and makes it into what it deserves, a big pile of rubble.	
Jun 17 2006	Not too good	While visiting Vegas earlier this year, alot of the hotels were booked, and the Rivera looked so nice lit up at night, and there were rooms available. So we checked in.Parking wasn't a treat. I was recentley pulled a muscle in my hip, so we had to park close to the entrance, in the parking lot. The lot was old, rocky, had weeds sprouting in it, basically in major need of re-paving. The lines were hard to see, and there were old spaces that were painted over in tar. The current lines are faded, and were more of a puke-yellow in color. The lights were rusted, looked like they were put up aroun 1953, most burnt out, but didn't even give off enough light to have you read a brochure in your car. The parking lot entrance and the north side of the hotel was dated, (It looked like a scene from a Janet Jackson video filmed in 1984 in Brooklyn with a fire hydrant sprayig water on a summer day) which had dark, ugly brickwork and this wierd sculpture.When we got to the room, it was spacious, but it was getting dated. We had a view of a bunch of buildings. The bathroom was very tiny, while the room was so huge that it seemed empty with the minimal furniture. That is one akward design. It had berber carpeting, and had wallpaper put up in the 1995-96 time period (There are alot of dates in this review).The pool area was very dissapointing. No hot tub. The pool was big, but had a boring design to it. The area itself was crowded, and there was alot of grass that was all ripped up and dirty from all of the chairs moving around on it. It felt like a motel pool.Other than that, the hotel is pretty good. It is the last resort on the strip with most of its facade made from neon. The neon work is great.The hotel is far away from the rest of the strip, so you should rent a car.	
Jun 11 2006	Very good	We stayed at the Riviera in early June as we were in LV for a conference at the Hilton. After reading some of the reviews we were a litte concerned but we were pleasantly surprised and thankful we didn't encounter any of the problems other people have apparently had. Check in was very easy, we wanted a non-smoking room and they didn't have any so they upgraded us to a one bedroom suite for our entire stay which we thought was very good of them. Funnily enough, a friend of ours did get a non-smoking room and it actually had more of a smoke odor than our smoking room did. Go figure...The pool certainly doesn't have all the features of the newer hotels, but it is ok and actually is one of the deeper pools you will find in LV, many only have a depth of 4 feet which to me is ridiculous. The food court has a decent variety of foods that won't break the bank like LaSalsa, we also ate at Kady's Cafe which has good food but does have an overly long line for breakfast. All in all, you could certainly do worse than the Riviera, yes, there are certainly better and more glamorous hotels on the strip, but they are also more expensive.	
Jun 11 2006	I Really Was Comfortable Here	Now here is where you get the &quot;Flava&quot; of Classic Las Vegas. I had doubts about booking; Hotwire put me here after I had paid, so I didn't choose the hotel myself. Having stayed before at The Flamingo, Bally's, TI, and Sam's Town, The Riviera was familiar to me only as the hotel where my Union books conventions. I figured it would be worth a try.What a lovely experience, all the way around. The valet and bellman slipped me into the facility so effortlessly; the front desk attendant was so helpful and accommodating, putting me into a room in the Mediterranean tower with a great pool view. The room was just fine, although since my son was with me we had to get a smoking room, and I am a ex-smoker (nothing worse than a reformed ex-smoker for nagging purposes!) We ordered two fried chicken dinners room service, which were very good, and sat at the table in our room looking out at the swimmers and sunbathers while we caught up (he lives there).The pool was really special to me. The resident birds flew to and fro the palm trees in the courtyard with the pool as the center (I really love birds, and their singing in the morning was so soothing.) It's a large classic pool, not the water park extravaganza found, say, at The Flamingo or The Mirage, but a wonderful pool especially in the early morning (before it was open for swimming) as a place to sit with my morning coffee (from Jitters in the lobby area) and just enjoy the R&amp;R. Being from the South, I loved being able to be out that time of the early morning and to sit undisturbed by even one mosquito!!It was a great place where I felt very comfortable, unhurried, and welcome. I just fretted that it was too classic to be able to remain for much longer, given the &quot;blow 'em up and build a theme park&quot; Las Vegas thing. Enjoy the Riviera soon!	
Jun 8 2006	smelled	No non-smoking rooms where available and they said that they will change me to a non-smoking room the next day...but never did. This hotel is far away from everthing. Next time I will stay on the south end of the strip.	
May 30 2006	Great!!	i love this place, right when i was checking in the hotel staff were really nice , unlike the ones at rio , were they were horrible not going there agian..this is a nice casino very good location. nice rooms.	
May 17 2006	Tropicana getting a bad wrap by critics	When reading reviews from published critics (&quot;...unless you're getting a cheap room, don't bother.&quot;), I got the impression that we should not have made reservations at the Riveria. However, we were pleasantly surprised at the condition, cleanliness and appearance of the hotel. While understanding this is an older hotel, I believe they are keeping the rooms in comfortable condition, given the uncertain future of the hotel.	
May 16 2006	Good value!!	We stayed at the Rivieria Hotel &amp; Casino April 18-22, 2006. This was our first trip to Las Vegas and we were really pleased with our room. It was very clean. They also had a very reasonable price for their rooms. We really enjoyed our stay and would stay at the Rivieria again!	
May 10 2006	Great Value For Money	We stayed in the Riviera from 17th - 22nd April. As with many other reviewers, we were expecting the worst, but found most of the complaints to be untrue. Check in took a while, i had changed credit cards since booking so couldn't use the touch screen booths. We were asked which part of the hotel we'd like to stay in and were given the Mediterranean South Tower, which was a deluxe room (we paid for a standard!), easy to get to the strip, the casino and pool. Room was huge, beds comfy, a bargain at £20 a night! No complaints with the maid service. The casino was ok i guess, i don't have much experience with gambling, but i didn't think it smelt smoky. In fact it always smelt a bit like air freshener! We only played on the penny slots, one paid out £5 which i was chuffed with being a gambling novice! Only ate in the hotel once, in Kady's Coffee Shop the morning we were leaving, food was ok but service was terrible! Go to the Peppermill a few hundred yards out of the hotel - food and service amazing in there, they serve breakfast all day too! Never got to the pool, it was too cold the first few days, and we were too busy the rest of the time, but it looked nice! Went to the American Storm male strip show in the hotel - i would recommend it to the ladies, the guys were great! The MC Josh is a real cutie!I do agree that it is quite far up the strip, you can walk to the Fashion Show Mall and TI, but after that you're dead! There's a deuce bus stop just outside, when they come they're great, only $3 for 24hrs. I don't know if this is the norm or if we were just unlucky, but on more than one occasion we waited for a bus for nearly an hour, they're supposed to come every 10 minutes! We had looked at hotels that were off strip, and were very glad that we went with the Riviera.Overall, it's not the newest or most luxurious or most convenient hotel on the strip, but if you get a good deal on it then i'd recommend it. I would prefer to stay at a lot of the nicer hotels, but if budget demanded it i would definately go back to the Riviera.	
May 9 2006	Treated great	We booked our hotel stay at the Westward Ho prior to their closing and were switched over to the Riveria Hotel. That was the best move we could have made. The Riveria was fantastic. They treated us extremely well and it felt very comfortable there. The casino area was extremely well layed out and as I said we felt very comfortable there. We wish to thank the Riveria for a very nice time.	
May 3 2006	Much better than expected	Our 15th trip to Vegas, Apr29-May02, was our second venture to a Mid-Strip property, taking advantage of a &quot;free room&quot; offer rec'd via mail. Our total cost was as advertised....Zero. Were very apprehensive what with posted reviews, and previous experience @ Sahara. Furthermore, did not recv conf # until two weeks prior, leaving us retaining our backup plan in place. Had rental car, and parking was easy. Leave the bags in the car until you inspect your room, as the distance from the garage to the registration desk is lengthy, and requires navigation through a small corridor, around a normally busy bar, and various parts of the casino. Yes, there is a strong smell of smoke in the hotel, but, that in my opinion is to be expected, and, was amplified by the Dart Tournament taking place near the entrance from the garage.Our room was awesome. We knew by other postings to request, and did receive, a room in the Monte Carlo Tower. It did not smell of smoke. Room #2303 was clean, and the refrigerator saved us the &quot;Ice Ritual&quot;. The bed was very comfortable, and for all our efforts, did not find a single bed bug. Housekeeping, well, it's a mixed opinion. Attentitative, and thorough, yet, perhaps that cost us a lost &quot;personal&quot; pillow. I think it boiled down to the fact that we left a nice tip the first day, and instead of leaving our sheets on the bed as noted on their &quot;Environmental Card&quot;, they went above and beyond, when, it was not expected. I consider it an honest error. The bathroom was amply supplied, and quite nice.Elevators were great.Gaming is okay, as we feel the odds are much better off-strip, where our game, Video Poker, is much more prominent. The $40.00 play for $20.00 is okay, if you go in knowing that you are playing for a &quot;chance&quot; for cash, but, reality is, it's for a garment or promo item of The Riviera. The &quot;Free&quot; Slot Tournament looked fun, if you have the time.The Buffet was below average, and over price. Print the coupon @ website to save $2.00 each on Bkfst/Lunch. With the car, we are able to dine at Ellis Island, home of the TRUE $4.99 steak dinner. We did that meal two nights in a row, leaving us with a daily craving until our next trip. The pool was nice, however, if you trek down after 2:30, take a towel from the room. We were told by the attendant that they only get so many per day issued, and they were out. No Hot Tub.Of particular note, the ABC Store was convienent, and realistically price on items such as water, soda, personal items, etc. I mean, shame on the airport for charging $3.26 for a bottle of lemonaide, that is $1.29 at The Riviera. The Riviera, along with The Stardust and Circus Circus, are obviously in their final years, and we are very happy to have stayed at The Riviera. The Mid-Strip is undergoing alot of changes, and walking to any other than those mentioned above is not an easy trip. The closest tram station is at The HIlton, or, Sahara.Picture......dag, what's up with the shower heads in hotels being made for those five feet or under, when they have up to 24&quot; to make it suitable for even an average size person at five ten. I'm six three, wife five three, we both had to duck to use the shower.The Riviera is recommended, and receives a ***	
May 2 2006	ow my feet hurt	The hotel was nice, but I wouldn't stay there again just because it's so far down the strip.I didn't see any of the shows, but the stores were great, the rooms all have great views, and hey, a bed is a bed. The room was really clean, the housekeepers come during the day when you would be gone, not at 9 in the morning like some places, and the water pressure in the shower was better than mine at home. I was pleasantly surprised htat it wasn't grody, because it was one of the cheapest hotels there. Nicer than Circus Circus!!	
Apr 30 2006	good room at a good price	We stayed at the Riviera the beginnign of April. ( april 8-11th)We were upgraded to a petite suite because we used our Mastercard when we paid for our trip thur the Tour Company we used.It was equipped with a hairdryer and also an ironing board, which we used quite a bit.The room was more than fine for the two of us. It was clean, the maid service was fine, and we really had no complaints. However the suites are near the elevator shaft so it takes a bit getting used to. You can hear the elevator running at night when you're going to sleep.We did not spend a whole lot of time in our room,. We were more than pleased with it.We were able to sit by the pool only one day due to the cool weather . It is a nice pool area. The pool is small but adequate. Its clean, there are more than enough chairs, towels are provided, and cocktail service also provided too.We went to the Danny Gans show- which we all really enjoyed.We rode the Rollercoaster at NYNY which I thought was a bit overpriced,We took a mini tour to Hoover Damn which was a wonderful experience.We ate at the Wynn dinner buffet and also at Toby Keiths bar and grill .We went to the top of the Eiffel tower. We ate at Mr Luckys for the 7.77 special.We ate at the lunch buffet at the Riviera- we had 2 for one coupons. The food was good and there was a huge variety.We gambled a bit.We had a great time.I would defiently recommend the Riviera Hotel .We were more than fine with our hotel choice.We ended up walking more than we thought we would , but that is not the worse thing.As much as we liked the Riviera we both decided,next time , we would stay somewhere more towards the middle of the strip.	
Apr 29 2006	It's the Riv!!!	My girlfriend and I went to Vegas for 6 nights to see the NASCAR race and enjoy SinCity. We stayed at the Westward Ho the previous year and spent quite a bit of time gambling at the Riv, so we knew what to expect when we booked this year. Quick check in late Thursday night, got the Monte Carlo Tower as we requested, very nice room, even had a hair dryer for my GF (heehee, private joke about earlier whiner on this site). I'm not a big eater so I found the Mardi Gras Food Court and the cheap eats at Penny Town quite satisfactory. The staff were fine, Breeze and the gorgeous Patricia were very prompt with drinks, Sonny at the bar was a hoot, although a bartender named Harry was a little rude, but you find that everywhere. Didn't leave a winner but got good play and it's a nice central location to visit other casino's Hilton was nice, Circus Circus is OK if you can tolerate all the people with small children (can't understand why you take babies to Vegas), Stardust is close, and the bus system is very handy to the rest of the Strip. On the morning of checkout we were pressed for time and the checkout option on the TV was down, so I quickly checked out at the desk and found I was charged for all 6 nights, I thought at least 3 would be comped. When I got home I sent an E Mail to question this and got a call the next day from Ms Pappas saying we were comped for all 6 nights and they credited my account, VERY nice of them. All in all, it's the Riviera, it's old Vegas, affordable, and we're going back. It's a shame if anyone judges this place by some of the snotty comments made in some of these reviews, some people just can't be pleased.	
Apr 24 2006	Didn't want to play room roulette	I had to switch rooms 4 times; and, in Vegas all I expect from a room is non-smoking, relatively clean, with bed and working bathroom--as advertised amenities are a big plus (usually reservations come through one of our employers for conventions). If rumors of Riviera's demise are true, maybe there's the explanation. I'll get to the room roulette; and, about 75% of our convention attendees had similar complaints (granted the other three locations of this convention were at much ritzier places so attendees had higher expectations than I.)The convention center, staff and classrooms associated with were excellent. A bit of a hike from rooms. Pool looked nice; with April chill weather not usually open.The casino looked like it had potential; during my week stay I never saw more than 1 or two tables for each type of game working. It was nearly impossible to get a seat at any table game (and with the center strip incredibly crowded I would have preferred to gamble there). Looked like a ghost town.Slot machines seemed all to be working; and several of our convention attendees (Creative Arts Textiles Stitching Festival) did well (alas not I -- but not hotel's fault). The $40 for $20 gimmick other reviews mention made its details clear before they took your $20.Free drinks at slot machines were below average and nearly non-existent. My usual ploy of reaching the cocktail waitress $5-$20 and asking to stay refilled not only didn't work here; but, she didn't even bring me my first drink. The $0.99 to $1.49 Hound Doggery food was actually pretty good. Katy's 24 hour coffee shop was pretty average but oddly pricey (the usual Vegas specials that sock you with high drink prices). The breakfast we had in convention, excllent; the dinner was inedible. Buffet, for the price, wasn't a good one. I didn't eat in the other restaurants. Valets and maids were friendly and apparently hard working. Dealers were relatively quiet for Vegas (and myself and associates were tippers); bell hops were apparently non-existent; checkin staff seemed harrassed and unfriendly (in fact, they had automated checkin kiosks one staffer was supposed to lookout in case of user questions/errors -- and the reality was no one could auto-checkin because of questions or bad automation).The story of my room roulette:As a birthday present in February, my husband booked this April trip for me online including an extra week of vacation, choosing the unknown Rivieria because it was hosting the CATS festival, and insisting on a non-smoking room (convention rates for same room were three times higher so did not book through convention). A couple of days later I called them to verify non-smoking reservations. The week before I got on my plane and the day I got on my plane I called and verified non-smoking reservations.In the meantime, I researched hotel and chatted among my friends. Consensus was that north end of strip was isolated and the Rivieria rooms were dirty. So I kept a list of phone numbers, rates, etc. for my favorite hotels in case I had to switch. A big fight and a big political march in town made switching (unless I wanted to check in and out of three different hotels) a very tricky matter or I wouldn't have stayed in Rivieria.At expected 6 p.m. checkin (with extra luggage because of class needs) the automatic kiosk tried to give me a smoking room. Exasperated checkin clerk assured me that was okay, it was a program glitch and I would have my non-smoking room.Got to room; nope, definitely smoking, definitely filthy bathroom. No toilet paper, iron or hairdryer (not a deal breaker but room was advertised as having). Lug everything back to checkin (still no bell captain to check bags with). Clerk actually rolled her eyes at me, went back into an office and came back and gave me a different room.New room had advertised amenities, okay bathroom, smokey floor with complete absence of non-smoking signs, and strong perfume spray attempting to cover smoke -- with the perfume fixatives that can give me hives and are worse for me than cigarette smoke. I didn't stay long enough for hives, but had red eyes and the beginnings of red skin patches and ear swellings to show clerk this time (still lugging my luggage). Clerk suggested I wait for sprays to die down and try again. I suggested she tell me where to get water so I could take my antihistamines and where I could plug in my cell phone to contact my travel agency to see what they suggested I do next; and where was taxi stand to take to my next hotel. Back into office. For one night only they would put me in their mini-suite and then (they kept repeatedly telling me this during my stay so I don't know if it was a bait and switch tactic) tomorrow I could move to my non-smoking room or keep the mini-suite for $50 more per night (I had coupons in my pocket for weekday stay at Paris for $59 a night total). Mini-suite was non-smoking but okay -- it consisted of an extra long room to which they had added a couch with coffee table and another tv (for one person hardly worth another $50 per night). No iron or hairdryer.I spent that night making calls and finding out the hard way it was the wrong week to get accomodations elsewhere.Next day, they wanted me out of mini-suite before 10 a.m. and into my new room at 5 p.m. (no bell desk to check luggage in the meantime). Again, the extra $50 a night bill was offered.Being stuck with luggage at north end of strip -- aaargh! I got a rental car, loaded my luggage and went off shopping for cleaning supplies, hair dryer, etc. and was driving further out checking the looks of off-off-off strip hotels.Some vacation; some extra couple of days to get adjusted from jet lag, relax, etc.Back to hotel; this time it really, really was a non-smoking room. No hair dryer, did have iron and ironing board. Cleaner than it looked (I had cleaning products and cleaned/disinfected room myself and some of the &quot;dirt&quot; was actually stains). Most days maid service was fine; on two days I had to request maid service and clean towels.The day before I left, they did have some bell people at bell captain's desk. I tease the other attendees for being spoilt; but, this time I realized my husband and I usually get odd airline arrival times, check our luggage with bell captains, and then wonder off to eat or gamble until everything is ready for us -- apparently this is something I've come to expect.My convention and classes were great; but, I didn't stay in the hotel any more time than I needed to for classes. We were supposed to have a 24 hour stitching lounge with lights and stuff -- and we did; but, less than 20 people at a time could use it which made it kind of useless. The friends I thought I'd be hanging out with I didn't because we couldn't use the stitching lounge and because they were afraid (because of the looks of that end of the strip) to leave the hotel with me.All in all, the room roulette spoiled my trip for me and made me go to classes already exhausted. Badly spoiled my trip. Rooms, if supplied as advertised and maintained would have been okay. And, the casino had potential. But one very unhappy visitor. And very surprised at how many of the other attendees had smilar horror stories.To be fair to the hotel (again, bear in mind that in my case I had booked an extra week and did not book at convention rates or in their block of rooms), all wanted non-smoking rooms. Even the smokers couldn't have smoke damaging some historical pieces, hand-dyed (not colorfast or washable) fibers and textiles, etc. But, if they couldn't accomodate us, they darn well could have said so.	
Apr 21 2006	Don't gamble here!	Me and my wife did their $20 for $40 slot promotion. What a rip off. They give you 40 dollars but you got to play the machines they pick out for you. THE ONLY WAY YOU CAN CASH OUT IS IF YOU WIN ONE OF THREE HIGHLY IMPROBABLE JACKPOTS. JUST STEAL MY $20 IT WOULD FASTER!. Won't spend another dime at the at the rivera.	
Apr 19 2006	Always loved the Riv	Scotland calling - we've stayed at the Riv 5 times and can't find fault. Staff are always helpful and friendly too. Unfortunately we couldn't get booked in the Riv this year, but we'll certainly be going along to get the vibes again!!	
Apr 13 2006	It's a hotel room...do you really spend much time in it??????	Just returned from Vegas. Stayed at the Riviera, it's not that bad. I'm beginning to wonder if some people can ever be happy. In Vegas you get what you pay for. I see no reason to pay big bucks for a room that I spend roughly 6-8 hrs in a day(sleeping.) Yes, the rooms are dated, but my room was clean and quiet. Our room was in the Mediterranean Tower. We went to Vegas last year and stayed at the Luxor, payed too much, for the amount of time spent in room. The north end of the strip, where the Riv is located is a cheaper area, where you can still get $1 drinks and $9 steak and shrimp. They have a eating area called Hound Doggies which had shrimp cocktail, giant brownines, popcorn chicken, margaritas, etc. for .99 to $1.49 and it was good. Where else can you eat for $7-8 for two. As far as the casino, of course never won anything big, does anyone? It was a little smoky, but not much worse than the Bellagio, if you can believe that. Never had a problem with rude staff, encountered more rude staff at more upscale resorts. So if you want to go to Vegas without breaking the bank stay at the Riviera. I'll be staying again.	
Apr 8 2006	Don't Let Negative Reviews Scare You Off !	I'm sorry but I just laugh at these people who have negative reviews about this place. If you want a good place to stay that is equivilent to staying at a Holiday Inn, this is the place. Besides, you're not staying in your room all night. The people who are looking for &quot;luxury&quot; here is not going to find it. It's the old term:&quot; you get what you pay for.&quot; If you spend virtually nothing for a room, you get nothing. If you spend over $200 a night for a room (TI, Mirage, Aladdin, etc.), you'll get something. We stayed in the Monaco Tower and our room was fine. We had a King Size bed that was comfortable and there was new carpet in our rooms. The bathroom was fine. It's was just a standard bathroom. So don't let people's negative tone keep you from staying at this hotel. The rooms are fine and I never seen food in the hallways nor did the rooms smell bad. I just think people's expectations were just way to high!As far as the food goes... Kady's coffe shop was just okay. Nothing fancy. They do have food specials sometimes. The most we paid for breakfast for two was $21. The food court was great. They had a variety of things to choose from. We didn't eat in the other restaurants though.Slots....they were okay I just wish all machines gave tickets rather than the change dropping out, but they do have machines that give tickets. Didn't win much there but had a good time across the street at Slots a Fun! I would recommend this place to people on a budget or people who want to save their money to gamble or something else worthwhile.	
Apr 8 2006	Basic Hotel Average Casino	I stayed at the Riveria in September of last year with my work. We were in town for the MAILCOM conference. It was my first time in Las Vegas, but I must say, I was expecting a little more from a hotel/casino with such history. The Riveria used to be a landmark in Vegas, but not anymore. Check in was somewhat lengthly, and the rooms were a hike from everything you wanted to do in the casino. They were your very basic,no frills holiday inn quality rooms. I must say they were very clean and were kept clean everyday. Wait time for elevators were good, hardly ever waited longer than a minute or so. The casino was actually somewhat above average. Great slot action, but do stay away from their promotional slot area where you get $20 worth of free slot play. It is little more than a child's aracade. You don't get a real chance at winning any money, instead they let you pick some cheesy prize, even if you don't win. Tables games are great and most of the dealers are nice. The roulette game at Riveria is pretty good. The roulette &quot;dealers&quot; are usually very nice and soemtimes allow you to make less than the minimum table bet. That kinda nice sometimes.The restuarants leave something to be desired, but are good enough.All in all, The Riveria is a decent, just barely below average hotel/casino. This place is way...way on the end of the strip so its hard to walk anywhere without your legs feeling like they aren't part of your body. I don't know if I would stay here on my own dime becasue I thought the rates were way to high for the quality. I have stayed at worst spots in vegas since then, but I was paying for it myself and that changes everything dosen't it? I have a trip planned in May for THE IMPERIAL PALACE. Problaby not a great one either, but its 3 times cheaper than my company paid for The Riveria. Stay here if your on a medium budget and want an average expierence. If your like me, your looking for value, after all how long are you gonna stay in your room? ITS VEGAS! Go see stuff!	
Apr 7 2006	Good room - smokey hotel/casino!	What do you expect from Vegas? Of course the casino and hotel were smokey!! Our room, however, was really good! We had 3 nonsmoking options at check-in, and took the King room in the Monaco tower. Our carpet had been shampooed that day, and seemed NEW. NO SMOKE ODOR at all. WARNING!!! They NEVER guarantee a smoking preference - even our travel agent told us that when I double checked. Don't believe them if they say otherwise!! The bed was comfey, the room large, and marble floors and vanity in the bathroom. We loved the marble shelf above the sink - lots of room for stuff, and none of it got wet. Housekeeping was very accomodating - left us extra pillows and washclothes (I'm sure the tip helped, although small each day - $3). Nice view of the Stratosphere. The Deuce bus seems a bargain at $5 a day, although ALWAYS FULL and often passed stops by. The Las Vegas strip trolley, although runs less frequently, seemed more relaible and had lots of room when we were there. Their Italian restaurant good - others are NOT at Riviera! AVOID breakfast buffet!! 20-30 min wait for EGGS and every table dirty . . . go to McDonalds across the street! Also, if you MUST eat at the BBQ, try the corn wraps - the only thing that seemed good. The Splash show was OKAY, not great. Patti the bartender at the Italian bar is awesome! Other places to eat: Quarks (by Star Trek experience)at Hilton EXCELLENT!, Olives at Bellagio - EXCELLENT!DOUBLE WARNING!! If you shuttle to airport, tell them your flight is an HOUR ealrier than it is - I know more than one person who MISSED their flight due to late shuttles, and extra hotel stops on the way!! OR spring for a cab - it's CHEAPER than a new ticket!!!!	
Apr 7 2006	Be careful in your beds............	I stayed at the Riviera in March 2005 and enjoyed my stay despite what some people say about it being old or rundown, too far down on the strip, etc.. -so I had no hesitations about staying there again. However, on our first night there this second visit I had a run-in with bedbugs. I found 2 bugs and put them in a plastic cup from the bathroom. I didnt know that they were bedbugs until the security officer confirmed it for me. While he was videotaping my report in the room, he found what I now know was a baby bug(after internet research). He asked me if i was bitten but i thought I wasnt because I thought bedbug bites were big swollen red marks. After showering after our room switch I saw threee small round marks in a row that almost looked like tiny punctures -but i wasnt concerned. Now after getting on the internet i know that they commonly bite in linear twos &amp; threes -uggh! Now i feel worse knowing they sucked on me!!I'm just praying that i didnt bring any home -i never layed my clothing on the bed or anything -i wouldnt even put my suitcase on it.Even though this was probably an isolated incident (and the security officer was very nice) shouldnt the hotel have done something for me -a free buffet -anything? The front desk said they never had bedbugs, yet our maid said she hadnt seen any in a long time. I never even got to speak to a manager, because there wasnt one staffed that day -yet nobody ever called our new room to see how everything was. I hope they really did quarantine the room like they said they were going to. (Monaco tower room 5743)Be careful!!!	
Apr 5 2006 	Not Good	The lobby really sets the tone. Run down, dirty and depressing. As for service, I was &quot;bumped&quot; from a non-smoking room for a miner's convention. They can upgrade me tomorrow. Lucky me. Meanwhile I'm at the Riviera for a convention too and at this point I would be happy if my wireless connection did not think it was dial up. The room is extremely dated, tiny tv, gnats, bad lighting, NO bathroom amenities and you can forget about hair conditioner, I'm just relieved to find shampoo. I have seen worse: A hostel in Europe while backpacking in my 20s, living on chocolate, bread and cheese. I'm not 20 anymore. If you are backpacking, stay here. If you want a luxury vacation, don't. I have two more nights, wish me luck.	
Apr 1 2006	casinocashand broken safe	stayed at the riviera three times on two trips, and in three rooms three times the room safe was broken and never fixed!this is a casino people bring lots of cash!! but on the flip side the hotel safe down stairs is free.only stayed because it was comped	
Mar 27 2006	Good value no frills	Stayed at the Riv for three nights. I got an avg rate of $55, but was charged an extra $3/day 'energy charge' Whatever... just need to add that into the daily rate.I did not gamble there at all. I don't like the feel of the Riviera casino. I was travelling alone, and I wanted an affordable hotel on the strip. I found that the Stardust casino was more comfortable for me.The room was clean, quiet,and had a fridge. Bathroom was fine, and houskeeping was fine.The elevators were efficient.Proximity to the Peppermill is a plus, and the 1/2 price ticket booth is right there as well. I saw the Rat Pack review (great show and good value) at Greek Isle, which is walking distance from the Riv.The north strip location keeps the foot traffic low, which can be a nice break from the action at the center strip properties.I walked to and from the Riv to the IP. I enjoy walking in Vegas, and I beat the bus most times.	
Mar 23 2006	They blew it this time...	Well, I gave this a 2nd shot as I got to stay in a beautiful suite as nice as my friends in the Mandalay Bay the last time I went. Then, I guess they just overbooked and I didn't offer tip or anything. Place was great that time. This time, way different and I was with my wife (her first visit). While I knew it could be hit and miss per previous reviews, I went in with the best plan I could (without throwing lots of money at them). I called specifically 24 hours in advance to request a non-smoking room, but when I got there, all they had was smoking (on a Sunday night as well) - this was even as I had a $20 slipped under my credit card as I checked in. I asked if there was any upgrades available, she said I could get a non-smoking suite for an extra $50. I said forget it, and took back my $20.So the room was just 'standard' when we got in (which surprised me as it was in S Meditteranean which I thought was the best tower!) - large king bed that was extremely hard - so sore back every morning. I will admit that the smoke wasn't too bad in general, but you really notice it once you are lying down - this was a huge issue for me - if this happens as much as it seems (overbook non-smoking), why not air out &amp; steam clean the heck out of a few smoking floors and try to convert??? I was really upset given the fact that I did pre-call and put in a request. As to the rest of the room, generally spacious and very basic, but it did have all the extra's which is always nice (hair dryer/iron/shampoo etc).Casino in general - spent some time there, but it isn't my typical game plan - spent most time elsewhere. I felt ripped off by the $40 slot play for $20 promo (which I knew going in). You can win $40/$200/$1000 at the machines but I'm sure 95% of the people just end up getting the gifts (mostly riviera shirts/pullovers.....fine if that's what you want). Best thing was the $10+$5 slot play with the players club. We just plugged it into the penny 100 hand poker machines and did pretty damn good....took about $35 by the time we cashed out (you have to bet your $15 before it's available). Definitely a good way to waste a day and take the casino's money (Golden Nugget, Sahara, NY NY the others we found that offer the free money)....Also not impressed with the poker room experience there - had an awful dealer that couldn't keep track of the side bets, got easily distracted, and even twice handed a pot to the 'winner' even before everyone had folded! The play at the limit tables was just stupid as well - pre-flop raise with a 10 2 suited kind of stuff. Bad vibes there...steer clear!Buffet was average at best - great variety, but quality not there compared to others (we did Spice Market which is best in Vegas, but also the breakfast and brunch at Stardust which was very good value)....if you find 2 for 1's though, why not!Other than that, pretty much what you pay for is what you get - I knew it looked old, but didn't care, but the smoking room fiasco basically means I will never go back (if it is still standing).Any questions, feel free to email.I am not a person with unrealistic expectations and have no problems staying at basic hotels - I think this is a very 'fair' review for what I dealt with on my trip.	
Mar 23 2006 	Better than expected	We were extremely worried about this hotel after reading numerous negative reviews on this hotel. Our flight was cancelled 2 days in a row and were finally put on a flight transferring through LA and made it to the Riveria at 10 PM. Missed our whole first day in Vegas... Unfortunately, by the time we showed up, the hotel had our room as cancelled, but did re-open our reservation after some waiting. This was something that AmericaWest was sopose to take care of prior to our departure.... We were given a very clean non-smoking room in the Monoco Tower (4722) with a nice view of the pool. It had 2 Queen size beds, TV, Alarm Clock and washroom with tub/shower. Big closet with lots of hangers, and a dresser with drawers. We didn't expect the hotel to be so big, as this was our first Vegas experience. We did get lost the whole time there, but it was always an adventure. We did have a meal at Kady's quite late and the food was fine. There is also a food court attached with has Pizza Hut, Quizno's etc and its very convienent for that late night snack. The casino was never as busy as the other hotels which was great. The waitress's come around and offer the free drinks as long as you are gambling. We never felt out of place even coming downstairs to get our first cup of coffee in the morning. I will be returning to the Riveria. Viva Las Vegas.	
Mar 22 2006	Pretty nice place to stay	Stayed at Riviera during Nascar weekend from 3/10-3/12. We arrived around 9pm on the 10th and check-in was a breeze. The clerk was going to put us in the San Remo tower but after reading all the reviews I made sure to ask for the Monte Carlo or Monaco tower. We ended up in Monaco on the 20th floor of the building facing the pool and the strip. The view was amazing and we could see most of the center strip from where we were at.The room itself was very clean and although it was a smoking room, you weren't able to even tell until we lit up our own cigs. The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom adaquate. Room was large enough for us and all of our luggage.We had a meal at Kady's 24 hour Coffee Shop where I had the Beef Stew in a Bread Bowl. The food was great and our server was very friendly. She recommended that I get one of the chocolate desserts which I did and enjoyed.I signed up for the slot club and was awarded $2 free slot play which was a little less than I hoped for but still cool.I would love to stay at Riviera again. It is in a nice location away from the main section of the strip which was nice as we were trying to have a relaxing trip and not have to deal with too many crowds. The resort is well kept and the staff was great.	
Mar 21 2006	better than expected	just got back from staying four nights at the riviera. we stayed in the monocco tower which was quite a walk from the casino. you had to walk thru the pool area to access it. my husband got lost everytime he tried to get back to our room. the room was your basic room with two double beds, tho we requested a king. the view was great,tho, overlooking the strip with the mountains in the background. I was quite surprised to find out that there was no complimentary coffee anywhere and the cheapest i found was $2.25 a cup. Check in was easy using the credit card. the front desk people were the only ones that we encountered that seemed rude. Everyone else seemed very nice. Took a cab from the airport and it cost $25.OO including tip. Should have taken the airport shuttle, but we didn't know any better. Took it on the way back and it was only $12.00 for the two of us. The rest of the time we used the deuce which stopped directly in front of the hotel. Worked out good.Only ate at the buffet and thought it was good, except on the cold side. you get one free one for staying there so for the price we couldn't complain.All in all the hotel was just fine and the location was within walking distance to many of the more expensive places on the strip. i lost in the casino playing slots, but did much better across the street at slots r fun.Went downtown one night and loved the light show. Don't leave vegas without seeing it. Also the bellagio fountains are a must at night.I have to say that if you stay here make sure you visit the peppermill which is on the left of the casino about 1/2 block. I read about it on this site and was amazed. We had an appetizer in the bar which was l4.95 and included shrimp, onion rings, stuffed potato skins and cheese sticks. it was plenty for us with an atmosphere to die for. it definitly was the nicest and friendliest place we visited. they are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner with portions you can split. don't miss it.	
Mar 18 2006	Cheap crash pad for the penny slot crowd	Sadly, the Riviera's day has come and gone...one of the last vestiges of &quot;Old Vegas&quot;. While the forgettable rooms are acceptable for sleeping, they have Motel 6-grade furniture, dinky 19&quot; TVs, plastic bathtubs, and few amenities. My 5th floor room in the original 1955 6-story tower was far from the elevator but very quiet.Rooms appear to have been last remodeled in the 1980s, except the air conditioning had newer digital controls. A plus to the old building design: The room windows open for a breath of fresh air. The hallways look dated with cheap, worn carpeting, wall coverings and trailer-court light fixtures. The maintenance and housekeeping in the public areas is mediocre, although the housekeeping in my room was OK. Half empty glasses used as ashtrays and litter stayed in the hallway for two days. The main casino shows a few vestiges of character from days gone by. It was half full of senior citizens and bargain-hunters half-heartedly jamming coins into penny and nickel slot machines. Various sleazy strip-tease shows fill the lounges..not a hotel for families. The hotel's layout is a confusing hodgepodge, having seen many additions over the years. Check-in is an annoying semi-automated nuisance with touch screen kiosks that only half-work and the desk personnel were not particularly helpful. The service at the bar is pathetic...I left without getting served after being repeatedly ignored. The only restaurant I tried was the coffee shop, Kady's, which had good food and good service with typically overpriced convention hotel menu, and it has a nice view of the pool. The pool area between the buildings was quite attractive and looked meticulously groomed. Unlike the fancy new hotels at the other end of the Strip, Riviera features a wide selection of small shops with items a &quot;real&quot; person might actually buy...luggage, clothing, sunglasses, jewelry, souvenirs and convenience store items, at reasonable prices. The location is 15-minute walking distance to the convention center, a good &quot;overflow&quot; hotel if the Hilton is full or if you're feeling cheap. I hear rumors this 51 year old once-legendary landmark is due for a date with the dynamite...it's just too small for modern Vegas.	
Mar 18 2006	Not that bad!!	We recently stayed at the Riviera for Nascar weekend and were a little nervous after reading some of the reviews! When we checked in I expected rude people and a long wait, the whole process took 10 min. and the people were nice. We asked for rooms in the Mediteranian and we got them no problem!! The rooms were clean, the only complaint is no outlets in vanity area. We asked for extra pillow and only waited 10 minutes. We enjoyed our stay and will probably stay here next year.	
Mar 10 2006	Not as bad as other reviews say	My first trip to Vegas was in May 2003, my mom and I stayed here, my sister got married. Our room was a good size and clean. We had one minor problem with the toilet, but it was fixed promptly. Pool is huge and clean. Kady's restaurant was great, fast service and great food for a good price. My mom found a rubberband in her drink that she had gotten at one of the casino bars. When we brought it to the front desk, they offered to move us to a bigger room, but since we were leaving the next day, they offered either free show passes or free buffet passes. Quickly fixed. Not as bad as some reviewers are saying!!	
Mar 8 2006	Riveira ok for first timers	we've just arrived back 7 March from Las Vegas - spent 5 nights at the Riviera - its not the Bellagio but the room was comfortable and clean, staff very helpful and friendly - check out the inhouse restaurant Kristophers -fantastic - no long line for checkin - reception staff very friendly and helpful - bell captain surly and not helpful- tourist informtion not in a very prominent place, we found the rack containing the brochures etc on our last day although the Las Vegas Visitor Centre had been excellent - would stay again	
Mar 7 2006	Don't let the reviews worry you	I, too, was worried by the reviews I read here. Less than stellar hotel, terrible desk clerks.... What I experienced was the total opposite. I had to stay at this hotel because the convention I attend here changed hotel locations. I did not arrive at the hotel until 11 p.m. and of course there were no non-smoking rooms. I had no choice but to take what I could get. I was told to come back at 12 p.m. the next day...that something might be available. The desk clerk (who was brand new) gave me incorrect directions to my room, but a very helpful employee gave me correct directions. My smoking room was in the Mediterranean Tower. The only sign of smoke was in the hallways. The room itself was very fresh and clean. THIS IS AN OLDER HOTEL, it is showing signs of age, but it is not a subpar hotel. I went back at 12 the next day and there was nothing available. I tried again at 3 p.m. (the desk clerk said that at such a late time, there probably wouldn't be anything), but lo and behold, there was a non-smoking room available. The room had yet to be cleaned, but she told me and my roommate to go pack our stuff and she would send an urgent message to housekeeping so that by the time we got to the room, it would be ready. It WAS! This room was in the Monaco Tower and a little nicer than the other. Every single person I encountered in this hotel was very nice and I would definitely go back. I'm not a gambler, so I can't comment on that, but the food court was handy and the ABC store had good deals on water and snack items. The convention area itself was very nice, too.	
Feb 27 2006	Better than expected	I read many of the reviews and was very skeptical about staying at the Riviera. We stayed in the Monaco Tower the rooms were like a room from the Comfort Inn. They were clean and pleasant. We didn't spend that much time in our room anyways.They had a food court which had great chinese food. We tried the morning buffet which had alot of variety and you can see your omelet be made. The convience stores were great. If you needed wine,beer or other adult beverage they had it. Also had bottle water for $1 can't beat that. Our room had 1/2 price tickets for the Comedy Club which was so funny brought tears to our eyes. The Casino wasn't near as busy as the other end of the strip which was great. Great location to go either either down town to freemont or the other end of the strip. We bought the $5.00 (you need exact change) a day pass and rode the bus. Also next store was a half price booth for other shows around town doesn't open until 11;00 a.m. A great place to stay for the price.	
Feb 26 2006	Okay for the Price but some problems	We just got back from a 4 night stay at the Riviera. Check in was pretty easy but we didn't get a non-smoking room as we requested. The room reeked of smoke. The windows can't be opened to air it out. The first morning there the toilet overflowed. We called for Maintenance. They didn't arrive while we were still there getting ready; came sometime during the day. After that, I was always afraid to flush. They must have very old plumbing. There were four glasses outside our room from previous guests that remained there for 3 nights as well as outside other rooms. The last night the glasses were gone but there was an ironing board and iron in the middle of the hallway. Very odd. We called about it but they were still there in the morning. We did have a pretty nice view of the strip from our room. Saw some decent shows there, but they really pack them in for the La Cage show and the room could use some air conditioning. I'm glad we didn't pay full price for the tickets. We supposedly won one free ticket on the free slot machine pull. I think it was just a scam to get you to buy the other ticket at $68.00. The comedy show was pretty funny and reasonably priced but The Comedy Stop at the Tropicana was much better for about the same price, plus you get a free drink. Also, check out Lance Burton at the Monte Carlo (amazing). We discovered 3 5 7 poker at the tables and did pretty good with that. Keep your eye on the dealer. One of them made mistakes every hand for every player and he had to be told about it by the players.	
Feb 23 2006	Front Desk Service needs some TLC	Booked a room way in advance with a special request to be in a non-smoking room, and close to the elevator due to a leg injury from an auto accident, and having asthma. I was told that I would get this room to accommodate my problems. My flight was late and we arrived late about 1am to check in instead of 10pm. When we checked in it was a mess! Desk Clerks were in each corner getting yelled at by upset customers for not accommodating thier reservation. When I checked-in they told me that I had to take a smoking room. The room was totally disgusting, windows were so filthy with smoke we could not even see out the window, the air was not working properly to clear the air of smoke, and the linens on the bed had to be changed to get the awful smell of cigarettes out. Due to having asthma i requested a non-smoking room and the hotel didnt seem to even care about my health issue. The clerk was rude and basically told me to take it or leave it at 1am in the morning. It was very loud and we didnt get a wink of sleep due to the noise level being a 10, parties above us with screaming and yelling, hotel maintenance going on outside. It was a disaster! The hotel does not accomodate anyone who has a health problem that requires a non smoking room, nor do they care whether you sleep in the streets or not. The service was bad, we didnt seem to find a smiling happy courteous employee there to help us at all. We do not recommend this hotel for anyone who is a non smoker, good luck!	
Feb 21 2006	Better than expected!	I read many of the reviews and was apprehensive about staying at the Riviera. In the past I've stayed at the Flamingo and Luxor and the Flamingo is only slightly better than the Riv. For this trip I was looking for an average hotel and that is what I got. I can only vouch for rooms in the Mediterranean Tower and the Monaco Tower and they were like your typical Holiday Inn type of room that we've all stayed at a dozen times. Some signs of age, but nothing terrible. They were clean and adequate. After all, how much time do you really spend there. We ate at the breakfast buffet, which was fine. The food court had a decent Mexican option, a Quizno's and others and the hotel deli was decent for wraps and muffins etc... All the staff that we encountered were pleasant and helpful. The only downside for me was the smokiness in the casino. I'm assuming since it is a 50 year old hotel, they don't have the smoke filtering systems that the newer hotels have...plus the ceiling are lower so there is nowhere for the smoke to go. Aside from that I wasn't disappointed at all. We printed 1/2 price tickets for the Comedy Club off the Riviera website. We never laughed so hard in our lives. I highly recommend it. We also bought discounted tickets at the &quot;hot tix&quot; booth near the hotel for La Cage, which was decent. I agree with the other person who rated the Riv a 7 1/2 out of 10.	
Feb 21 2006 	Good location	We stayed at the Riviera for 3 nights from Jan. 11 to the 14th. We were a small group that were in town for the World of Concrete convention. This hotel is a 6 min. walk to the concention center, that was the reason for the 4 star rating I gave rather than a 3. This is a great hotel if your in for a convention. It is in the middle of everything. 12 Min. ride to the end of the strip or to the down town area. I liked the casino. It is a smaller than then the new giant hotels and it's a little brighter. You don't feel like your in a cave or it's going to rain. You don't feel like a needle in a haystack. You get to know the dealers and visa versa. The rooms are very old. This is somthing that needs attention. The hotels worst attribute. The air worked when it felt like it, my bed was cocked a little to one side, toilet ran when it felt like it, it was just a bad room. I would say just under Red Roof Inn quality. It was cleaned early and they did a very nice job thats the only reason I would not rate it lower. It is cheap and I would go back, the good out ways the bad.	
Feb 12 2006	if you want the in depth truth read this !!!! nothing but facts here !!	Well lets see here is the honest breakdown of what to expect . 1 ) checking in ..... was more than great. we were there for a special billiards tourny. They were very busy, but they shortened the wait by taking us in VIP even though we were not. 2 ) the bellhops ...... very nice, hard working gentleman who were more than helpful. 3 ) The rooms ....... oh boy here is where we had some issues. Our rooms were suppose to be clean when we got the keys. We walked in only to see that the maids hadnt been there yet. The rooms were non smoking, however they had cigarette butts everywhere on the floor, in the toilet, even in the sink. So needless to say the room still wreaked of smoke, and did for most of the trip which was 5 days. the room was so filthy that we didnt want to put our luggage down when they brought it up, cause there was no clean spots. We tried to get the room changed, but there were no available rooms . 4 ) Restaurants ...... The restaurants were pretty decent for an old hotel. They have a restaurant called Lindys which is a moderate priced restaurant, a buffet style restaurant, which is very good, and they even have a small fast food type restaurant called Nickel Town where everything cost 1 dollar. Thats right 1 dollar !! smaller portions of course, but good food. 5 ) The casino ....... The casino is very nice for an older casino, all the up to date games just like any other casino. The only complaint here was at the poker table. Very unprofessional dealers, who seemed as though they really didnt know the rules. Lots of times bad poker etiquette by some of the players, that would normally not be allowed in other casinos flew right passed the dealers here. The servers were better than the average casino servers though. They were very quick . 6 ) the cleanliness ...... overall ( other than the room we were given ) the cleanliness was fairly good, casino was clean, clean floors, restrooms were very clean, restaurants were very clean, and the courtyard was also very clean. Overall rating I would say ( considering its age ) a 7 1/2 out of a possible 10. For the price of 69.00 a night, the price was right for this hotel to get me to go back again. any other particular questions regarding this hotel feel free to email me at sugarshayne76@yahoo.com, I have spent many nights here and other Vegas hotels, and I dont mind giving my expert opinion to help someone make a choice of where to stay in Vegas.	
Feb 11 2006	Eh it's ok. Not great but not the worst.	We stayed in the Riviera Hotel and Casino in February 2005 for the World Archery Competition. LOCATION: This hotel is slightly farther down on the strip than I would have liked but we took a cab down to the Bellagio, Paris, etc. It is still close to several other large hotels and things to do so it's not out of the way by any means. UNIT: We stayed in a non-smoking 2 full size bed room (don't remember what tower, there are multiple). Our view was looking over a parking lot under construction and the rest of the city. I didn't mind, it wasn't bad. However, I did not like our unit's bathroom. It was quite old and outdated and there was some mold under the faucet cap. The pillows and bedding were pretty worn. I have stayed in worse so I'm rating this about 'average'. AMENITIES: The Riviera does have a fitness center, restaurants, a theater, and a 'salon'. The salon I went to was not very good. Old, blah, and ghastly overpriced. I would NOT recommend it at all. I got a pedicure and the technician did not wash the basin before the next person. They also had a very limited collection of polishes and products and overall weren't exactly 'customer focused'. Do yourself a favor and if you're needing spa services for a wedding, pay the extra cash for a nicer hotel! The restaurant also has a buffet which is fine, it's not 'horrible disgusting' food as some people have said. It is average. Not fantastic but a good selection and I would eat there again. The bottom line is this is a good place to stay on a budget but it is not fancy. I would stay there again but probably would pay for an upgrade to a nicer room.	
Jan 31 2006	You get what you pay?	The hotel was ok. First impression was disappointment but maybe that was because we were tired after our journey. Reception and bar staff not friendly, no hairdryer, etc in room. There was an ironing board but you are on holiday. Buffet eaterie was very clean and value for money &amp; plentiful. Rooms very disappointing though, a bit worn out. Beds were fantastic and gave you a really good nights/days sleep. I have been in cheaper hotels that have been better quality. I suppose it is the people who make the holiday. Guys behind the bar were just rude and not at all like bar staff anywhere we had been bfore. It's an old hotel that maybe needs a face lift. It was clean so would not want to put anyone off but at least it was better than Circus Circus. Really good location, handy if you feel like a walk, bus stop at the door both ways, local double decker really good value at 5 dollars for 24 hrs and you can hop off and on as much as you like. WE enjoyed this as a lot of the locals were really friendly and chatted away about places to go, etc. That was fun and mnuch better than taking a 'cab'	
Jan 30 2006	First And Probably Last TIme	Stayed at this hotel Jan 23 - 26th. This is the first time I had ever stayed at the Riviera (have been to Vegas many, many times) and I was reluctant after reading the reviews on this website. We went with friends and it was not my first choice, but decided to go with an open mind. Our first problem was when we checked in. I liked the self check, but they did not have any non-smoking rooms as we requested. This was a Monday at 4PM (check in at 3PM) and they could not accomodate us. We could get back to them tomorrow and change rooms but we did not. Second problem was that there was no hair dryer in the room even though they claim it on their website. We did call housekeeping and was told that one would be brought up to us. Thirty minutes later (by then my hair is dry) they brought the dryer up to us and said that they would be back in an hour to retrieive it. So apparently, you have to call them every morning to bring a dryer to you becasue they will not leave it in your room for a couple of days. The safe in our room was not working and the front desk said that it could not be looked at until the morning because another company owns them. I did not see a sign with a price in my room, but our friends said that it cost $3 per day to use the safe. Unless there are no other rooms available in Las Vegas, I will not stay here again.	
Jan 29 2006	Here is what to expect for the price	Here is the deal. This hotel is on the northern end of the strip directly across from Circus Circus. The closest new hotel is the Wynn. This location isn't really the best but the bus the &quot;Deuce&quot; which is an awesome double decker bus can pick you up right outside the hotel and take you up and down the strip. Now I am going to explain this as best I can without offending anyone. If you are young meaning 20-40, you won't have as much fun at this hotel. If you are middle aged and aren't into hanging around people who dress nice and like to shop at the fancy malls, then this is the place for you. It's an older hotel with several towers. When we arrived in late January, I got to the computer kiosk and found that my choices of rooms were only in the Monoco tower. I asked the lady behind the counter if I could have a room in the Monte Carlo Tower like everyone says to try to get. I tipped her five dollars and she secured me either a room in the Monoco tower with a view or we could have a non view Monte Carlo tower room if we waited to check in a little later. I took the Monoco room with a view. By the time I entered my room, the girl called the phone to check to see if I like the room. The room was what I expected, nothing frilly, just a room with a nice view of the strip. We kept the room. Besides, we were not planning to spend alot of time in the room. The hotel was busy. I think there was a convention going on in the hotel. The Kadys restaurant was packed too. We ate dinner there the first night and got a steak, salad, bread, fries for $10. One of the best deals we had all week. If you have never been to vegas, don't stay here. Stay at a resort in the middle to south strip. Stay here if you need a cheap place to stay and don't mind walking or taking the bus. If you are kind of the hillbilly type, this might be the place you'll feel most comfortable. If you're into the best location but not too pricey, then stay at Harrahs or the Flamingo. If you're into a hotel with lots to do, then stay at The Venetian, The Luxor, or Mandalay Bay. I have been reading the negative reviews and I don't think they have been fair. You generally get what you pay for. If the negative reviewers would have done their homework, they probablly wouldn't have stayed here because their expectations are way too high for this hotel.	
Jan 19 2006	ripped off by riviera and priceline.com	we booked our 5 yr long awaited vacation through priceline @ the riviera in las vegas because of the pictures of the room. when we arrived our room ( in my opinion } was sub-standard and looked nothing like the pictures. i immediatly went back to the check in and was told to get the room in the pic would cost an additional $70.00 per nite. declining that, for 5 nites. we went back to the room and found furniture missing, empty spots where furniture was at a time. and then burn holes in the carpet and in the spread. we called front desk, to no avail. then left a note for the housekeeping dept. furniture was never put in, but they did replace the spread, the windows were filthy, the t.v. was 1/2 the size of the hole of the center it went into, all in all, we found this all to be dingy, dirty and we were very dissapointed, i have contacted priceline over and over, the response was not satisfactory in my view. $10.00 per nite allowance @ the riviera again. total of 5 nite stay. that would not happen again.	
Jan 14 2006 	Budget accomodations nice pool worst buffet ever	The room was clean-ish and the pool was quite nice, and it's on the strip, but despite this I would not stay here unless you absolutely cannot find better accomodations. Las Vegas is all about the hotel. On some level, the 50's music being piped into the pool area, and the middle-aged waitresses with tight skirts serving cocktails is funny, but the humor was lost on me when my girlfriend and I paid $15 each for the breakfast buffet the morning we were flying out and it was, simply put, inedible. I have NEVER, EVER seen worse food, and I have stayed in some real budget places. I laughed out loud when I read the previous reviewers remark about a 'hunchback sweeping floors' at the buffet. I absolutely believe it. For the same price, the 'Starlight' across the street had a truly excellent buffet (which we knew about thanks to a tripadvisor review). If you can, find a deal, or pay a little more, and STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE.	
Jan 13 2006	just what las Vegas should be	my husband and i stayed with friends at the Riviera for the new year, although not one of the plushest hotels in Vegas, it had everything you could want at one of the most busy times of the year. The staff were helpful and friendly, the rooms were always clean and well equipped, t.v., phone, hairdryer,iron, ironing board, safe,air con. etc. loads of relevant visitors advice and the dutch buss stops outside which was great $5 for a 24 hour pass and you can go anywhere on the strip as may times as you want. saves a fortune in taxi's. The tables were not too busy and the crupiers where friendly and always willing to advise on table etiquette etc. always a help to novice gamblers. Some good shops but with no shopping mall it kept the crowds away so it was a pleasant experience rather than a chore to just sit and have a drink and watch the world go by! .Some of the other hotels although wonderful to visit were so busy you couldn't get a drink or seat without a long wait. if you don't want the crowds and the feeling of never being dressed up enough the Riviera is the place to go.	
Jan 5 2006	Excellent Value	We have just returned from Riviera having spent 7 nights there over the New Year period, we had booked to stay at Westward HO, but due to it,s closure our reservation was transferred to The Riviera. After our arrival from England on 12/27 we were greeted st chck in but a completely inept receptionist who was extremely rude and took 25 mins to check us into 2 rooms, We were given rooms in Monaco Tower, which were very good value and clean.It's a pity the first impression (check in) was not acceptable.We will return!!!	
Dec 31 2005	The Worst Buffet In Las Vegas Period!!!	I recently went for a buffet at the Riviera and it was the worst food I had ever tasted. Horrible taste to everything and badly cooked. Everything I tasted was just sampled and discarded.The restaurant was full but many customers were just eating and leaving their food in disgust. One of the servers is a hunchback who is bent over double and can only see the floor rather than what is in front of him. The restaurant is badly staffed and plates were left on the tables for a long time.Never again!	
Dec 30 2005	Bed bugs stay for free	Just wanted to say a few things about our stay at the Riviera--we arrived at 1am Monday, were suppose to have 3 rooms from Sun-Thurs., needless to say they had rooms but they needed to be CLEANED. By 2:30 AM we all finally had a bed (although not all with new, clean sheets). Staff at check-in were borderline rude, very sarcastic and not extremely helpful. Food was decent, gambling decent, shows decent, cleanliness INDECENT! By the end of the week one member of our group was actually covered with disgusting itchy lesions which we could only attribute to this hotel!!! Remember to bring a can of Lysol or Raid, plus cleaning supplies.	
Dec 15 2005	Riviera was great!!	The people who have written bad reviews about this hotel must have very high expectations because I was there in early December and I have no complaints whatsoever. Check in was easy...staff directed us on what to do and where to go. We reserved a standard room and we were upgraded to a very large suite in the meditteranean tower. It was clean and had everything we needed( except a coffee maker, but no big deal). Ignore what people say about it being &quot;too far up the strip&quot;. We walked from the Riviera to the MGM Grand and back...no problem. We ate a Kady's restaurant late at night back at the hotel and our waitress was very friendly and the food was great.... If you are on a budget and don't need anything too fancy then the Riviera is definately the place to stay!	
Dec 15 2005	Nice Room/Stingy Casino	My husband and I just returned from our first trip to vegas (December 9-12). We enjoyed our stay at the Riveria. We had a double room (non-smoking) and it was nice, clean and we had no problems with noise, etc. We ate at the buffet the first night and enjoyed it. I'm a very picky eater and I filled my plate twice. We had a 2 for 1 coupon and that was an extra plus. My only complaint with the Riveria would be the casino...the only time I lost money was at the Riveria. I had luck at the Frontier, Fitzgerald's and the Saharah.	
Dec 8 2005	Clean 	My husband and I spent two night at the Riviera in November. The electronic check in was easy and fast for us, however many people had trouble and help was hard to find. The room was clean, carpet and inexpensive furniture looked newish and the bathroom had been recently tiled. Apparently they forget to order new pillows, as they were flat. We called housekeeping and had a couple more delivered without a problem (still flat). We only ate at the fast food places in the Riviera, so I will not comment on the food. We saw the comedy show, it was funny and enjoyed hanging out at the Splash Bar. The video poker paid very well. I would stay again if the price was right - the big drawback is taking the bus during the busy evenings to get to other hotels.	
Dec 8 2005	Fantastic Vegas	Recently returned from our 2nd visit to vegas this time we enjoyed a five day break at the Riviera Hotel and was more than satisfied with the hotel, casino and staff. The rooms were spacious and very clean, cocktail waitressess always available and the casino was great fun plenty of small bets available. All in all we had a really great time.	
Dec 6 2005	great for the money	The Riviera is at the older end of the strip. This was my third time to Vegas and have stayed at other hotels of a similiar caliber before, therefore knew what to expect. This is certainly not the Bellagio. Las Vegas has some truly upscale hotels. If that is what you are looking for, try the Bellagio, Venetian, Wynn or Mandalay Bay. However you will also pay at LEAST double the cost of the Riviera (maybe more). For us, we wanted to experience Vegas at a reasonable price. For that, the Riviera fit our needs perfectly.Location: again, it is at the older end of the strip but we walked everywhere and enjoyed stopping at different places along the way. You can take the bus which is $2 one way or $5 all day. Great value but takes forever (lots of stops and traffic) but ok if you are not in a hurry.Rooms: ok. Not fit for a queen, but certainly not discusting. sure it could use a few updates but again think of what you are paying. it was cleaned everyday and the maid responded very fast to our request of extra pillows. All other staff was helpful and polite as well. we went with funjet vacations and included in our package was 60$ free slots, buy one get one buffet, and half price show tickets (which we did not use) add that to the already good value for your money.The casino: Decent size with all you could need. Not as glitzy as the higher end resorts but again cheaper. five dollar minimum buy in verses 10 dollars at Ceasars Palace.Pool: Was closed since it was december, but looked nice and sure I could enjoy it in nicer weather.Food: we only ate there once, as there are so many fantastic places to eat in Vegas. took advantage of our buy one get one buffet for brunch. It was OK. We left full. Again (this seems to be the theme) we had the buffet at treasure island which was much better but guess what... over double the price (even at regular price)Ok, I think you get my drift. If you want to spend some time in vegas and are on a limited budget, try the Riviera. It is a fine Hotel. If you are looking for something more and have the money to spend there are better hotels. I would love to stay in one myself someday. Hope this helps	
Dec 1 2005	Not Impressed	Rooms looked worn, not as clean as they should, needed repairs and updated. Staff was ok except some were clueless. Breakfast Buffet was horrible. If you take the room and Breakfast buffet out of the equation, I would have been overly satisfied with my stay. The room and buffet were not exceptable.	
Nov 25 2005	enjoyed the holiday but	At this hotel during Celtic Convention Rooms were grubby and hotel put price of drinks sollar extra but tried to kid you on with voucher for one dollar discount	
Nov 22 2005 	Some Reviews Don't Lie	I just returned from a trip to Las Vegas. I was attending a conference originally scheduled in New Orleans. Due to the conditions there, the conference was moved to Las Vegas at the last moment. At least, you would have to think it was a location of last resort for them.I made my reservations a month in advance specifically requesting a non-smoking room connected to two friends in my party. When I arrived, I was given a smoking room and no connecting rooms. The self check-in left a lot to be desired in terms of customer service. When we requested assistance with the smoking room, we were a given a take it or leave it attitude. We took it, actually we took it for about 10 minutes until we arrived in the rooms. I understand &quot;smoking room&quot; but the smell in those rooms were unbearable. I might as well have had someone sitting in corner smoking at that moment since it smelled like an old stale ashtray. Needless to say, afraid of bed bugs and the like, I decided to check out immediately. It took some time but we were able to find availability at Excalibur and they took much better care of us.	
Nov 5 2005	Everything you would want.	The only criticism you could make would be that the gaming part of the casino is a bit on the small side. But with big casinos only 2 or 3 minute's walk away, it's no big deal. The rooms were great - (we were in the Monaco Tower); the buffet was nice, and great coffee shops for breakfast (&quot;Kristoffer's,&quot; under Monaco - healthy and cheap). Really nice pool; and beautiful views of The Strip. We read a lot of negative comments about the place, and these guys must have been SO fussy. Us having stayed all around the world, the accommodation is at or near the standard of: Sydney Hilton (AUS), Westin Bonaventure L.A. (USA), and Holiday Inn, Paris (FRA). Enjoy a nice, quiet stay in a good part of the Strip, in a nice place (And don't be fussy; when there are 2700 rooms, there is always someone who can find something to complain about.)	
Nov 5 2005	Not too bad	We stayed at the Riviera for 3 nights (Oct 29-1st of 05). When I made the reservation, I told them that we had 3 rooms that needed to be together. She made the reservation joining the 3 room reservations togther. My husband and I were paying for two of the rooms.Our trip was to celebrate our youngest daughters 21st birthday. Our oldest daughter and son in law flew in from Nashville, then my in laws and my niece came too. There was 8 of us.We checked in about noon and they checked us in and all, but didn't tell us that our room was not clean. So we get up there and all of our rooms were still dirty. We called down there and they said that check in isn't until 4pm, but we can leave our luggage there and our rooms would be cleaned soon. This was not a problem, I just wish they would have told us this when we checked in. My daughter and son in laws room was not a good location because it was right next to the closest where the maids get there stuff, so she went down to the front desk and ask them if they could be moved and also told them it was their annivesary (it was, their 1st anniversary), so they upgraded them to a suite! No charge! Much better!We ask for non smoking rooms and they were. The rooms weren't bad, but the bathrooms are tiny. Only had a pedastal sink so there is no where to lay anything except on the toilet tank. Not good. However, there was a makeup area just outside the bathroom, with a mirror. This helped. Luckily I had brought my organizer, or I don't know what I would have done. Good water pressure and hot water!We got the first nights room for a promo rate of $40 which was excellent it being a Saturday! My husband already had a players card which was necessary to get the rate. Then the next two nights rate was $59 per night, but if we earned at least 100 points, then the rate would drop to $30 per night. We did earn the 100 points and we did get the last two nights for $30, however, I failed to check the points and ask for a voucher to take to check out before we checked out, so we were charged the highter rate. Then when we got home, I called and they gave me a credit on my CC for the difference. So we only paid $100 plus tax for 3 nights. Not bad at all! This is why we chose the Riviera to begin with. Because all the other hotels were charging $100 a night plus, because the SEMA convention was there and the PBR finals. Oct. is generally an expensive time to go. But since we were paying for two rooms this time, we had to go budget, so we thought we would give the Riviera a try since it was cheap.We were there over Halloween so I think we earned extra points, but when we did check our points, my husband had $50 in cash, I had $10 and my daughters each had $5. Not bad!There is one thing I must add about the Riviera casino. Most of the dealers there are BORING!! Oh my gosh. I have never seen NO personality in all my life! Terrible! One dealer was good though...Bruce! And one nice pit boss...John!There is a $1 slot machine there called Monte Carlo, that my husband hit on. He was up about $400 after just a few pulls. But other than that, we didn't win too much at the Riviera. But let me tell you where the slots were HOT! The Stardust. Sizzling sevens towards the back of the casino. Hot Hot Hot!! Triple sevens on every machine one right after the other. My mother in law hit on every one of them, bam, bam, bam! I only hit on two of them, $200 each time.We had a rental van, so being so far down on the strip wasn't really an issue. We ate at the Peppermill and it was good! We also ate at the cafe in the Riviera, Katie's corner I beleive the name was, several times. It was good but the service was slow and really kinda of expensive. Ate at the buffet once and it was good. I think it was $16.99 for dinner. But there is a $2 off coupon you can use from the coupons you get there at the hotel.The Westward Ho and Circus Circus are both coming down. Westward Ho's last day is Nov 17th, not sure about Circus Circus. I'm betting, the Riviera will come down in the next couple of years if not sooner.Overall, our stay was good. Just being with my family made it so much more enjoyable.If I was comped a room, I would stay here again. Only because of the bathroom size. But probably not if I had to pay. Unless I was really broke, then I shouldn't be going anyway! It might sound silly to some, but to me it's important.Enjoy your stay in Vegas! Hope this helped.	
Nov 3 2005	Good value average-to-good hotel	The Riviera has a few strikes against it right off the bat, due to its north-strip location. I was worried about that, but it didn't turn out to be so bad. Everything's a long walk in Vegas - and if you are anywhere (even the Bellagio, right in the heart of the strip), you're going to be tired of walking if you want to see everything.We had a perfectly nice, clean room in the Monaco Towers that overlooked the pool. This atually turned out to be a nice view to have - you see the strip plenty at night walking around. Our room was quiet and the air-conditioner worked so well it could get quite frigid in there if we left it on high. Maid service was prompt when we needed something taken care of in our room.The casino is large and confusing, but they give you maps. Valet service is distracted and they did not have bellmen waiting to take bags, they said it would be about 10 minutes if we wanted a bellman, so we carried our own - no big deal. Bell service in general seemed to be lacking - I noticed this while hanging around watching people check in while my husband checked out. If not carrying your bags is important to you, you might want to look elsewhere. One other negative is the $2.00 a day energy charge PER PERSON staying in your room that is added to your bill. No other hotel seems to do this.If you get a rate that is cheap here, go ahead - it's a prefectly nice, fun casino with nice standard rooms. If you want &quot;swank&quot;, go elsewhere. If you want decent, here is fine and frequently cheap.	
Oct 15 2005	All Bets Are Off On Service At The Riviera Hotel	There could be no more approriate hotel for the saying &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; than the Riviera Hotel in Las Vegas. Granted, the rooms are simply just &quot;okay&quot;. But the lack of service here is just inexcusable. It starts from check-in with workers who don't want to help you, who give you attitude, and who would rather stand and chit-chat with fellow workers than be of any help to the guests.Then, there are the restaurants. Kristophers steak house was just okay. The Steakhouse at Circus Circus accross the street is soooo much better, for the quality of food and for service. Kady's coffee shop (24 hours) is a poor excuse for a coffee shop. The food is horrible, and I'm not that picky about food. We sat and waited for 15-20 minutes and no one took our order. We flagged down the manager, and he said that he couldn't take our order because it's against union policy. We ate there 3 times hoping for something better, but each time leaving more disappointed than the time before. Avoid eating in the hotel at all costs and you would have won half the battle.There is a general &quot;I Don't Care&quot; attitude from servers, dealers, front desk, lifeguards, cashiers, etc. The hotel was all the rage in the early days, and I believe they left all courtesy and consideration back there too. Pay a little more for a better hotel and you won't regret it.	
Oct 12 2005	Great Place for a Great price	I'm so ashamed at these people who are writing terrible reviews about the Riviera. 5 of us couples just got back yesterday from 5 days at the Riviera and we all had an awesome time in a nice hotel.We go to Vegas every year and usually stay downtown at the Nugget. We took advantage of a great deal I received from the Riviera and I have no regrets.From check in to check out, nobody was rude or snubbish. Our rooms were in the Monte Carlo and they were clean and farely new. I'm a clean freak and I was very comfortable and happy.If you want to be where the big time action is, then stay in that area. If you want a fancy room with marble and all the glitz and glammer, and want to pay the price, then stay at one. Don't put the Riviera down for their location or their grade of hotel. They are what they claim to be and nothing more.As far as the food, we had a few good meals and a few ok meals, but that is the case at all casinos. The pool was nice, lots of stores to browse and shop, great drink service, and nice dealers.Give the Riviera a try, you'll like it!	
Sep 27 2005	Never again	I should have known better, but I stayed at the Riviera anyway. Old, stinky rooms, broken room safes, terrible food ... but the worst was the lack of service. They are SO RUDE it is incredible. I've never experienced this kind of treatment. Vegas is normally great to its tourists, but this hotel is not. No cocktail service at the pool, dealers with bad attitudes, guest service reps who got smart with my sister, and so on. I've never felt so unwelcomed in this city that I love. No amount of savings is worth this.	
Sep 27 2005	OK but could be better	We went to The Riviera thru a Funjet deal because the price was right at the time. The apperance of the hotel is OK. It looks a little old compaired to the hotels further down the Strip, but looks better than most on the end we were on. We supposedly got an room upgrade because we used a Master Card. The room we got was clean and fairly large with a sofa in it. But the room was very dark and the view we had was lousy. It had a window that was smaller than most of my windows in my house and it overlooked an apartment complex with a filfthy swimming pool. The rooms the other people got in our group who didn't get the upgrade had nice size windows that let in plenty of light and had a halfway decient view. Also, we were right behind the elevators, so we would hear them going up and down most of the night (but that did not bother us that much). The service is terrible. At check in, counter people were very short with us. When asked about the upgrade, we got a very snobish reply. Then when the other couples asked about their upgrade, the girl at the counter started to get upset, like we we taking up too much of her time. Later, we tried to get an extra pillow for our room and it took over an hour for them to bring it. We went to the buffet on the first night and after we got our food, we waited 10 min. for something to drink before going to get it ourself only to be scolded at by the staff because we were not supposed to do that.The only good thing about the Riviera is that the Slots seemed to be rather generous. They almost paid for our whole trip.Would I stay here again? Probably not. It will depend on what is available at the time we go. Would I reccomend it to someone I know? No. There are other places in Vegas that are better.	
Sep 18 2005	First time in Vegas!!!	We've just got back from our very first trip to Vegas. Needless to say, we had a wonderful time.As for the Riviera Hotel, I found it okay but it was lacking in personal service (Check In). When we arrived, we had to check ourselves in (computer) &amp; our room was not ready. So, we decided to go ahead and take a walk down the strip. The hotel is far from the hub. But do take the trolley $2.00 per trip or $5.00 for an all day pass.Later, we came back to our room because it had been a long day and ordered room service. The food was terrible!!!! But the waiter &quot;Alfonso&quot; made up by giving us really nice service.If you are looking for a great Vegas show, I recommend the &quot;Jubilee&quot; at Bally's. As for the act at the Imperial &quot;Legends&quot;, it wasn't the greatest.Another piece of advice, the airport shuttle is a good way to get to your hotel $4.75. But on the way back, you might prefer a taxi (about $10.00) since shuttle service only runs from 6:30 am to 6:00 pm (unless you reserve prior).All in all, we had a terrific time and hope to return to Vegas soon. Maybe next time we'll try a different hotel.	
Sep 11 2005	kat	we just got back from las vegas on sept. 9 stayed 5 nights at the riviera.this was our 2nd time .yes it is at the north end of the strip,but not to crowded and not to pricey. rooms were clean, stayed at the monaco tower .5doller tables, didnt break us the 2nd night.buffet ok and not to pricey if u need something better and priceyer grab a bus and head south. overall not great but not bad	
Sep 11 2005	Not A Bad Place If You Get It Really Cheap!	The Riviera Hotel and Casino is one of the oldest big hotels still left on the strip. Built in 1955, it has 2,136 rooms as well as numerous restaurants and cafes, a convention center and a medium-sized casino. It’s on the north end of the strip, a good distance from the action of the newer and glitzier establishments. Some of the lots around it are under construction or being torn down, so the neighborhood is trashy looking in spots. The hotel décor and furnishings are a little dated, and the place isn’t as lively as it used to be, but on the whole, it’s a good value for the money when you can get low rates or a package deal (we got a very cheap package from America West).We arrived on a Labor Day Weekend Saturday and were able to check in about 2:30 pm without any wait. We had a large king-sized room on the 14th floor near the rear of the complex. The décor was plain and the room looked a little sparse. At first, I was dismayed to discover that the bed was actually a Murphy bed which could be lifted into the wall to allow the room to be used for meetings, but the bed turned out to be comfortable enough. We also had two sofas, table and chairs and a desk area which gave us plenty of room to spread out and relax. The bathroom was fairly small, but very clean and all the plumbing worked well. The noise level was not good; we could hear the clock radio go off in the empty room next to us at 6:00 am on two mornings and voices in the hallway could be annoying. Luckily, the air conditioning worked well and was able to drown out the noise well enough to allow us to sleep.We did not spend much time in the casino after the first evening. It is very smoky and I just didn’t get a good vibe there. We took advantage of two-for-one coupons for the breakfast buffet which allowed us to eat for $9.99 total. They have an omelet chef and plenty of hot and cold options. It’s decent enough if you pay half price. We did not use the pool, but there were plenty of people lounging and swimming. The nearest monorail stop is about a ten-minute walk to the Hilton from the back of the hotel, which is a ten minute (and hot!) walk during the day, but I’d hesitate to walk there alone at night.The Riviera is not luxurious or in the heart of the action in Vegas, but if you get a good price, it certainly provides clean rooms and adequate amenities. Not the best, but far from the worst.	
Sep 8 2005	Close to cheap gambling!	We used to stay downtown at the Golden Nugget and gamble at the Horseshoe Club. Now that the Horseshoe Club has changed irrevocably, we've moved to the strip. I've stayed at the Riviera several times now. We find it reasonable, and close to very inexpensive gambling spots. Across the street is Slots-of-Fun, with a great craps table that is at times only $1. Next door is Westward-Ho, with great poker machines that are cheap and great payers.Now, that doesn't really address the Riviera. It's great for bargain-hunting people who don't care about staying in the best hotels. Circus-circus is depressing, and takes so long to get to the casino from your room. Westward-ho doesn't really inspire confidence with the looks of their rooms, although I've never stayed there. All the girls in my family (26-83 years old) stayed at the Riviera in 2004 and it was just fine for all of us. I've made reservations for my 85 year old mother to go there with her similarly aged friend this month (Sep-05). I think they'll have a great time. They will undoubtedly have multiple shrimp cocktails for $1.99 and play the nickel slots at the Riviera, and be able to wander to a few other spots just across the street.	
Sep 7 2005	Riviera had it's problems	We just returned from Las Vegas where we spent 3 nights in the San Remo section of of the Riviera and found the room to be very clean, the bathroom was large and nice, the view was pitiful. We also found the front desk to be less than friendly. My main problem was with the door slamming throughout the days and nights, I could not sleep well. The problem stems from the faulty construction and I'm sure the age contributes to the slamming also. In order for us to secure our door without the noise, we had to be very very careful and sometimes it slammed anyway. Also, the odor at the elevator waiting area on 4th floor was most unpleasant. We found the restaurants and concessions to be very expensive. I will not stay there in the future.	
Aug 30 2005	Not a bad choice at all.....	Hi Friends,I was skeptical like everyone else after reading all reviews. But I had no choice. I got this hotel from priceline for 80$ on the weekend for standard room. So, I reached there on saturday early morning ( 3 AM). Upon checking they upgraded me to one bedroom suit ( or something like honeymoon suit, where u have big bath tub right behind bed...big balcony, refrigerator, nice kitchen....) for one day. They said it was completely full. ( hard to believe...baut may be who knows) We enjoyed this room very much....view wasn't too good.But eberything inside the room was nicely decorated. Next day they moved us to monaco tower. That room was okay. It wasn't great but it was nice and clean. House keeping service was regular. Front desk answered all calls right away. I'm not a big gambler....so I don't know how the people were at the tables. But cocktail service was excellent. I played slot machines...at different times and they were quite regular in service. They were not at all bothered about tip.Overall, I don't have anything to complain...more over they upgraded me to suit. So I'm all happy. Note: Join play club for free and you'll get some rewards and freebis. Also there is a free mug , not great but ok. I think monorail is waste of time and money.	
Aug 22 2005	Stay Far Away from the Riviera!!	To everyone thinking about staying at the Riviera...save your time and money, spend an extra 80-100 bucks and stay at another hotel. This hotel lacks just about everything required to have a good time. The rooms are o.k (we stayed in the Monaco towers) but you don't spend much time there anyways. The food court was gross and everyone that worked there was a moron. We got accused of not paying for food when we had paid not even a minute prior. Luckily we had our receipt and even then, they couldn't figure it out....duhhhh!! Playing at the tables is like being at a funeral...nobody talks to you, the dealers are all miserable and even when we asked them if they were having a bad day...they answered by saying &quot;I'm not a talkative person&quot;....well what the hell are you doing in the hospitality industry then??? The washroom cleaners were friendlier and they have a lot more to complain about than dealers making much more in tips. The Pool was nothing special. Circus Circus is right across the street and it was also a major disappointment. Went for dinner at the Steakhouse because it was nominated best steakhouse 7 consecutive years and it was awful. The hotel itself is scary and full of punks. We saw 2 people being arrested the first night we got there. Went to 9 for dinner at the Palms and that was amazing. Food was great, service was fantastic and the crowd was fun. Played blackjack at Alladin, Caesars, TI, Paris and Luxor and always had a good time. You definately won't find this service at the Riviera. You could never reach the front desk by phone....one night we waited an hour and still didn't get through. Cocktail waitresses won't serve you unless you keep tipping and it's a good walk to any other hotels. This place is old, run down and employs miserable unfriendly people. The only reason we stayed here was because of the cheap flight and hotel deal through American West. I would never stay here again. We stayed at the Paris last year and that was AMAZING!! Go visit the more vibrant hotels like Hard Rock, Paris, Rio, Palms and Caesars.	
Aug 21 2005	Better than expected....but location is not great.	I was a bit apprehensive after reading all of the reviews on-line, however, my wife and I found our experience at the Riviera to be a positive one. To be sure, the hotel is due for a &quot;make-over&quot;, but the rooms were clean and the service was excellent.This was our first trip to Vegas and we stayed 5 days/4 nights. We enjoyed several shows at the Riviera and the Casino is a &quot;classic&quot;. Still, the location is a bit too far north for our taste. It wouldn't be so bad if the monorail was closer, but it's a good 10-minute walk to the Sahara or Las Vegas Hilton to reach the train. Not too bad during the day, but a little scary at night given the route you have to take to get to the Riv.Hopefully, new construction around the Riviera will bring this location back to prominence and give reason for the Riv to have a make over. if not, my recommendation would be to go farther south to the middle of the strip....Flamingo or Tropicana are better bets.	
Aug 20 2005	We like this hotel	My husband &amp; I stayed at The Riviera for a week in August. Although this hotel is getting a bit run down, we certainly don't feel that it is deserving of all the bad reviews I've read. We have stayed there for at least the last 10 years on our trips to Las Vegas and plan to continue to do so. We don't expect the place to be as plush as many of the others on the strip as we don't pay as much as we would have to for those! Our rooms have always been clean and the maids very helpful. Check-in can drag on sometimes but we were able to get into our room shortly after noon this time and were happy with that. All of the staff members we had contact with went out of their way to answer questions we might have. My husband even placed some small bets on football and baseball games while we were there. He was new to sports betting and the gentleman who took care of the bets was very knowlegeable and helpful.Yes, The Riviera is a bit of a walk to many of the better known hotels on the strip but there is a bus stop right out in front or across the street. Easy to hop on and get to wherever you want to go. With a &quot;one day&quot; pass available for purchase when you board for just $5.00, one can get on and off as many times as they want in a 24 hr. period. I feel that there may be some major changes coming to the Riviera end of the strip in the near future. With The Wynn going up so close, my guess is that some hotels may be coming down and bigger ones going up in their places. We may see The Riviera either remodeling drastically or being replaced. I just hope that all of the hotels on the strip don't get too plush and price themselves out of the picture for some of us that prefer to stay in a reasonably priced hotel and spend their cash on shows, food, and fun!	
Aug 16 2005	save your money--don't stay at this hotel	I was dumb enough to book a stay at this hotel after reading several reviews about this facility. The hotel is at the northend of the strip and is a good 10 walk from the closest monorail station and even further from any decent hotel. The walk to the monorail during the day is okay, but in the evening I would not recommend it. The room was clean, but definitly in the need of a remodel. I had reserved a non-smoking room and by the time I check in only smoking rooms were available. I will never stay at this hotel again and I would recommend to stay on the southend of the strip in general. Try the Flamingo or the Tropicanafor the same price and much better location and accomidations.	
Aug 9 2005	Okay because it was free.	This hotel was okay for me because my family got to stay here for free (timeshare presentation deal) for five days. It wasn't as far from the good parts of the strip as I thought, though I'd prefer to be closer. I'm young so the walk doesn't bother me (but I did start feelin' it on the return trip from the Excalibur area). The Casino is old, service is decent. Buffet was decent with no lines (went when it opened). By the way, people say Sahara has the worst buffet in Vegas. I went there and thought it was better than Riviera's. We saw some free show with cross dressers that was surprisingly entertaining, especially since cabaret/Vegas-y shows eventually bore me to tears (Vegas is so tacky...). It seemed like the majority of the people here were from conventions or organized groups. Lots of elderly folks smoking and gambling. There is a large food court with regular fast food (La Salsa, Pizza Hut, Burger King) but expect to pay quite a premium. View from our room was depressing so we kept it closed. Would I stay here if it cost me money? Only if it were free or borderline free. Otherwise, I would gladly spend more to stay someplace nice. This weekend I'll be staying in MGM. Not &quot;terrible&quot; because I had a decent time and it was free.	
Aug 4 2005 	Not too bad!	I was a little leary after all the reviews, but it was 1.) Cheap 2.) Spacious and updated room 3.) Wifi for my laptop.Room service was horrible, took 90 minutes for breakfast and 2 hours for two mikshakes, but the valet was good, the location decent and for the price a deal.I bought a standard room not a superior room, and was really pleased overall. I stay in Vegas a lot, and this is an up and coming location, walk to the Wynn and right next door to the Walgreens and Fireside Lounge. That is a great place for 24 hour food and drinks....The casino was typical, penny town impressed my girldfriend and she won some money on the slots. We would stay here again. Overall it was good, cheap Vegas fun on a budget.The bed was a typical hotel bed, not comfortable and not uncomfortable. We stayed 5 days.	
Aug 4 2005	Pretty nice But a little too far to walk	We're writing this review mainly after reading some of the bad reviews other people gave. We can't believe how many people ripped this place. We really liked the Riviera, our only problem was just the location - a bit too far from the strip. But that's our only complaint. Our room was clean, and everyone was friendly to us. The pool area was well maintained as well and had a good atmosphere.	
Aug 3 2005	The worst hotel we ever stayed in Vegas	My husband was playing in a tournament and out of 5 nights we had 4 different rooms. The first night we had an in room shower the second night we had no air (they had to order a motor) the third night we had raw sewage come up the drains filled the sink and overflowed onto the counter and all over the floor. We wanted to leave and go to another hotel for our last two nights and they wouldn't refund our money for the two nights we hadn't stayed. The manager was extremley rude. I will never stay there again and will try to warn anyone who will listen. They gave us a free buffett. Whoopee!! When you only take one vacation a year you hope it isn't ruined like ours was and then to have to deal with their staff. I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. We were even offered free air fare from spirit air because they over booked even though we had extra days off we couldn't wait to get out of Las Vegas all because of Riviera Hotel.	
Aug 3 2005	Horrible experience	The hotel badly needs refurbishment and new staff. When we got to our room, there were half-consumed food and drink lying around. A dirty towel was on the bed and the toilet looked filthy. The whole place reeked of smoke. We had to wait twenty minutes for someone to come to give us a new room. When the chamber maid came, she was rude and complained as if it was our fault that the room was filthy. (Why in the world do we need to tip off such lazy staff, as per the normal practice in Las Vegas is beyond me). The room we were subsequently given was big but the bathroom was old and the beds had bugs. Notwithstanding that we requested for a non-smoking room, we were given one that reeked of stale cigarettes accumulated in the past ten years. This place was a terrible dump. I would NEVER stay here ever again. Plus, it was not cheap.	
Jul 31 2005	Staff needs a lesson in guest relations	The first sign of trouble at the Riveria was how long it took to check in. The hotel has twenty windows for check in and other services but only two were manned by hotel personel. To be fair, it was 9:30 P.M. But, it took over 45 minutes to check in.Everytime we asked a question of the staff they either didn't know or just ignored us. For example, we had a comp to get coffee and muffins at the VIP lounge behind the Bell Captains desk. When we asked, the Bellman simply said he had no idea. Didn't bother to find out for us. We found it right behind him. Another example, we were looking for the Casino Host. We went to the players club desk and they sent us over to her office. She was out helping others on the floor. We asked one casino worker and he flat out ignored us, another said he didn't know where she was, the third worker sent us back to the Pllayers Club Desk and said they could call her. Thank goodness for him or we would still be looking for her. We did bump into a man who radioed her from the floor and she met us at her office She was very helpful to us after getting a negative response from the registration desk.I would have to say, I was very confortable in the casino, the buffet was good and I like the idea of the Food Court, our room was huge and was always cleaned for us.Overall, the casino was okay but they sure do need to brush up on their people skills. This would stop me from going there again. After all, Las Vegas has many many slot machines and people who work there would be glad to take my money	
Jul 27 2005	Once is Enough	We used the automated check-in instead of waiting in a long line and ended up with a 2nd floor room in the Sam Remo tower with no view to speak of. The room was larger than I expected and appeared quite clean. It was a smoking room (that's all that was left), but it did not smell of smoke. There is a vanity with a teeny, tiny light above it that was absolutely useless. The light above the entryway was also pretty useless. The bathroom counter had plenty of space and there is a cabinet under the sink for storage. There was no hairdryer so I was glad that I packed mine at the last minute. The bath towels are horrible, thin things. There was black mold on the ceiling above a bed, and I saw a cockroach running along underneath the bathroom counter. It was 115 degrees when we there so we only went out in the evening until early morning and slept during the day. We put a Do Not Disturb sign on the door, but housekeeping never failed to knock on the door and wake us up to ask if we wanted our room cleaned that day! We ate at the coffee shop twice and had good food with large portions. We had a 2 for 1 for the buffet so we tried that, but it wasn't that great and I would not go again. I will not stay at this end of the strip again. The only highlight of our stay at this place was my hubby winning $850 at the Let it Ride table!	
Jul 24 2005	Family affair	My husband and I have stayed at the Riviera numerous times. Every visit was beyond our expectations.All the staff were courteous and helpful. Our rooms were always clean, with a great view. I felt very much at home here, The slot hosts always took the time to say hi and let you bend their ears about home, kids, &amp; pets. These were the people who went above and beyond their call. Especially Perry Albert. He is not just a GREAT host, but also a dear friend, and that is why we will always return!The restaurants have a great variety of food, the amounts were huge and the prices were fair.There are shows shops, &amp; bands we even have a great Elvis! The pool is so nice. always well maintained. Something going on every day.Things can't always be perfect, but the Riviera does all it can to make your stay enjoyable. Five stars isn't high enough in my opinion.If you want comfort, fun, and that homey feeling, don't take my word. Book a room and see for yourself. You won't regret it And don't forget to ask for Perry !Rita &amp; Ray BuchanSaint Petersburg, Fl	
Jul 20 2005	Mistake!	This was a terrible mistake. For the money we paid we should have chosen a hotel closer to the middle of the strip at least. The rooms were gross. They gave us a room at the absolute back of the complex. To get there we had to walk another 5 minutes through the hotel and casinos, then through the pool area and finally, walk all the way to the back of the other building. We felt duped (by our priceline purchase and it wasn't even a 'good' deal). The place looked cheap and much the worse for wear. If you have the 140 bucks to spare, look harder - you can surely find something better in LV.	
Jul 15 2005 	Ringworm and migraines	These are just a few of the surprizes waiting for you. I've stayed at the Riviera twice, which is twice too many. Both times were for a conference that was hosted there. The first time I had a migraine for 5 days straight from all the smoke. The second time, I had not only the same migraine, but came home with a lovely case of RINGWORM! Then there's also the thick black mold on the bathroom ceiling.I am heading back to Vegas in early Sept for year three. This time, rather than using a conference grant that would pay for my airfare and 50% of the hotel stay (and requires a stay at the Riviera), I am paying my own way and staying at the hotel of my choice. Thankfully, the conference contract with the hotel runs out this year, and next year we'll be off to greener pastures.Bottom line - it's not cheap for nothing. Stay at your own risk.	
Jul 12 2005	Just Married	We stayed at the Riv over the 4th of July. There was a long line to check in and they could of cared less about us getting married. The front desk help on the 3rd and the 5th was less than superior. Rooms were ok but not well kept (holes in sheets, mold on shower curtain, stained bedspread). Pool hours are not posted and don't even think about going for a night swim.	
Jul 4 2005	First time going to Vegas...	First time going to Las Vegas and stayed at the Rivera. Excellent service, clean hotel, and everything I needed was at that hotel. We only paid $44.00 a night - check the internet for specials and use them.	
Jun 28 2005	We walked out	We were booked here for 'The Black Hat Convention' in 2004 and were so appalled we left. We were paying $130 at the Mandalay Bay, which was amazing, and couldn't see staying at the Riviera even on the companies dime. We ended up losing the first nights deposit and moved to the Mirage for $100 a night, it was worth it.The resort is VERY old, covered in neon, disco lights &amp; diner mirrors. It seemed dirty, stunk of smoke and was VERY crowded.	
Jun 17 2005	Riviera not for young guys who watch Fear Factor	I stayed at the Riviera in May 2005. My opinion is that it is an average, older-style hotel/casino. That's why they charge less. I got what I paid for. Smoking everywhere, couldn't avoid it -- but that's Vegas, not just the Riviera. My one regret is that the Riviera was far far walking distance away from where the center of action seemed to be in the newer mega resorts, e.g., Bellagio, Mirage, Venetian, etc. My preference turned out to be in those places (it was my first trip to Vegas), and so I spent a lot of time waiting for taxis (from the mega resorts like Bellagio, etc.) or walking. The new tram system is great, except that it too is a bit of a hike to get to from the Riviera. Bottom line, not a bad option, but if you are the kind of person who loves being where all the buzz is, this is not the place for you.	
Jun 16 2005	Fun time at the Riv !	Had a great week June 5-9th. stayed in monaco tower 5th floor looking out at the stardust, not a great view but who stays in their room?ate the breakfast buffets, Katy's and the wonderful Kristoferson's for prime rib. Enjoyed our food at all the restaurants.The Riv has good comps(we missed our plane and they comped us a free night) its their 50th anniversary so they seem to have alot going on, ELvis in the casino daily, liberace's car and pictures of yrs gone by, different random games going on through the slots etc..this is our second year coming to the riviera, we have always had a nice room,good water pressure and quiet halls (very few children around).We enjoy the pool area which is large and stays in the sun most of the day.Also very good at serving drinks, the waitress's soon learn what you drink and will be by to see if your ready for another!We find the staff pretty much helpful and nice. There may always be one or two somewhat rude but hey i'm in Vegas and nothing is going to ruin vacation ! If your considering the Riviera for cost and yet a fine clean room than go for it !	
Jun 14 2005	Riveria	Stayed at the Riveria the third week od May,2005. Had a great time,good inventory of slots,all denominations. Good entertainment,have seen most all the shows there. Jay White was great as Neil Diamond. La Cage,and Crazy Girls also very good. Not much oi the way of comps for the money we put through the slots. All in all. it was a good time,we would stay there again. Marion	
Jun 14 2005	Not a bad stay at the Riviera.....	I booked my hotel through a bidding travel site and was a little apprehensive when the Riviera came up as the hotel. But since Vegas was busy that weekend I didn't really have a choice, as all the rooms were $150 on up and I was looking for below $100. After reading the posts, I was aiming for the Monaco tower. When I got there, late on Thursday, all they had were smoking rooms in the San Remo tower. I was surprised to find the room large, clean (except for slight cigarette smell) and appeared to have been remodeled. I went downstairs to the large casino and played blackjack. At 3am, I headed to the Late Great NY Steak Buffet, which runs from 12am to 6am. Expecting the worst, it was actually pretty decent, especially for $9.99. They made me a fresh steak and an omelette to order, which was quite tasty.The next day I effortlessy was moved to a room at the Monaco tower...much nicer and clean. No problems at all with the room. Most of the rest of the weekend was spent elsewhere, so I can't comment on the other restaurants or shows, but the Riv was a great place for a casual weekend with friends who like to gamble.	
May 27 2005	Old School	The Riv is definitely old school in comparison to the many newly built hotels located centrally on the strip. However, be leary of the many negative reviews you read about this hotel and casino. You must remeber that those who have a great time tend not to write reviews about the hotel they vacationed in. Reviews typically come from someone who had a bad experience during their vacation and want to take out their bitterness by writing a negative review. If you are out and about and typically do not stay in your room throughout the day, I would recommend this hotel. However, if you are going to Vegas to enjoy your hotel and to spend most of your time there, you may reconsider. The hotel and casino are both much older. Both the interior and exterior definitely shows signs of wear and tear. As far as location, it's right across the street from the Stardust which I would recommend if you can get a good price. Although the Riv is at the north end of the strip, it is a very close walk to both the new Wynn Hotel and Casino as well as the Fashion Show Mall and Treasure Island. If you are a walker, the location is definitely not bad. Overall, if you get a good price and or you go to Vegas often, it's a great place to stay for a couple of days! If you're a first timer, spend the extra cash on a nicer hotel. Stay somwhere cheaper on your second or third trip to Vegas. Have a great time!!	
May 24 2005	An oldie but great	My boyfriend and i stayed at this hotel in Nov 04 i have just got round to writing a review on it! Well what can i say a lovely hotel...yes it lacks the volcano of the Mirage, the pirates of Treasure Island, the rides of the Stratosphere, and the Roller coster around New York New York amongst other things.But as a hotel goes it was great, we even got lost in it and struggled to find the elevator to our room every time! I recommend that everyone tries a yard of frozen margarita from the splash bar located in the casino.The only thing that i could say dissapointed us was the safe in the room it wouldnt open we reported it to the very friendly staff and we were promised it would be fixed, but never was. On check out we informed the receptionist we hadnt used it and were so shocked by the huge phone bill my boyfriend had ran up failed to notice we had been charged every day of our stay for it until we were on our flight to Miami....therefore we couldnt really turn back!!!! But i guess it was our fault for not checking.To sum up this hotel it is located just over the road from Circus Circus just up the strip a short walk from the Wynn hotel, fashion show mall, and Treasure Island it is in easy walking distance to the Hub of the strip ie. the Venitian, however you may want to take a taxi right down to the MGM Grand and Luxor ect. Stratosphere Hotel is a short walk in the other direction however do be careful when walking up to the Stratosphere as we walked up there about 2000 one evening and were offered drugs three times!!! Not something we wanted to be offered as well as alot of porn flyers...it does get a little seedy as you walk up!!! As well as that we were asked for some money off one very shifty guy...need i say more if our wallet had come out i dont think we would still have it.I think this is a great hotel if your on a budget or on a tour like ourselves and only get offered one hotel in our opinion much better then The Stratosphere and Circus Circus hotels.The check yourself in procedure was great to!!!!!!!	
May 18 2005	Enjoyed the Riviera Hotel	I stayed at the Riviera Hotel for the annual BCA pool tournament. TheRiviera is one of the original hotels in Vegas (50 years). It still remainsone of the major hotels in Vegas. It is somewhat dated by the newerhotels. The hotel is very expansive, and it is easy to get lost inside thehotel. The rooms are huge, clean, and comfortable. The hotel has all the amenities that the other hotels have. Kady's Coffee Shop is nice, and it is right beside the pool. There is an expensive Steak House, and also a food court. The hotel was accommodating, and the staff there were very friendly. The room rates were reasonable for a large hotel. Overall, the Riviera is still a good choice in Vegas for an older hotel.	
May 13 2005 	Great Hotel	Hi, I recently stayed at the Riveria Hotel in March. I have stayed at the Riveria for the majority of the times I have been to Vegas which is quite a bit. I like that it is not overwhelming and it is fairly easy to find your way around. We were lucky enough to be sharing the hotel with a large number of Air Force ladies and gentlemen. We spent time with them at the Splash Bar, which I love. I believe it is Nick the bartender who always seemed to be in a good mood. I am a players club member, but for the most part always seemed to forget to put my card in the slot machine. But thankfully because of being a member we were able to get a room, an affordable one at that. My only complaint is that the weather was cold and rainy. Not typical for Vegas. Thank goodness that our photography convention is scheduled for April 9th-13th 2006. At this point it appears to be booked the whole month. Which is really sad because we were hoping to lodge there again. Thanks again for such great memories.	
May 6 2005	The Riv will keep you within Your Budget!! Not Great but Not Bad either.	I stayed here April 22 - April 26. The main reason I chose the Riv was due to PRICE! I was coming in on a Friday and everything else was insanely HIGH. I was booking a room for myself &amp; husband AND my father and his wife so I needed something that wasn't going to break the bank. The hotel is much older and very smoky but it was a lot of fun as well. I ended up paying $90 for Friday and Saturday and $45 for Sunday and Monday.Check-in was very easy and accommodating. We arrived at 11am Friday morning and were told by the bellman they were already checking people in - what a relief! Very short line that moved quickly, got to the kiosk and informed the lady behind the desk I had 2 rooms reserved. She told me to hold on one second and she would block them off next to each other, she also asked which tower I would prefer and the floor level. After she performed her magic we went through the kiosk to sign in and get our room keys - very easy and convenient. So I ended up with 2 rooms right next to each other in the Monaco Tower (the newer one) . . . 5537 &amp; 5539. The rooms were surprisingly BIG, bed was very comfortable but the bathroom was on the small side and the shower pressure left a little to be desired. I know people talk about having to wait for elevators a lot on the boards but we never had to wait more than 30 seconds for an elevator at any given time.Everyone was very nice and cordial, from housekeeping to the dealers and slot attendants. In PennyTown they have a .99 counter where you can get a footlong hot dog and a margarita for .99 each! Can't get that down the strip - it was really good too. They have a lot of other stuff for .99 cents if you're looking for cheap eats.The Rivieria was doing their 50th anniversary thing so every day they had this huge cake and champagne they were giving out to anyone and everyone from 1p - 5p. They were also great about their free slot pull everyday - wonderful way to get free souvenirs (1 per day either a deck of cards or a coffee cup that they were selling in the gift shop for 3.95!).On the down side their buffet isn't too great for the price you have to pay, unless you do the lunch for buy 1 get 1 free. Kady's coffeeshop was terrible - food not that great and service was a nightmare. Splash was very outdated - unless you win free tickets like we did skip it. The casino itself has a horrific air filtration system so if you're a non-smoker you're going to be hating life!!! I was stunned at how many people really still smoke in the world. Guess I'm just surrounded by non-smokers all the time. Anyway, we were fighting breathing problems by the time we checked out on Tuesday.All in all it was a fun time. 4 days was a little long just due to the problems the smoke was causing us. I won't stay here again because of that but I would still recommend it to others.	
May 3 2005	Riv was ok but getting old	I just returned from a recent stay at The Riv and I found the hotel to be ok. Not really good or bad, just ok. It is very smokey or at least smells like smoke, the hotel and facilities are very dated, it just turned 50 and it shows. I probably will not stay there again unless other places are very expensive, but only because I like the new resort hotels and being in the middle of the strip. Also, I only come to Vegas every few years and don't mind splurging a little on the hotel. I just wanted to try a cheap trip this time. The rooms were fine, but showed some age even in the newer Monaco tower. The shows there were the older Vegas shows. The monorail is not convenient at all, its a long walk from the nearest terminal. The way it is built there doesn't seem to be lots of good views. I paid a little under $100 a night and would have been real upset had I paid more. The story is that 50 years ago The Riviera was one of the best places in Vegas. It probably was, but so many newer nicer places have been built that it is probably in the third or fourth level of places now. It seems to be comparable with The Stardust, Frontier, Circus Circus and Westward Ho. On the good side, the location is not bad, just a little up the strip on the North end. The new Wynn Las Vegas is fairly close in Vegas terms, basically next door but about a 5 - 10 minute walk. The bus stops right outside the hotel. Things are cheaper on this end and you can usually find $5 or less games close by(Riv, Westward Ho, Slot-of-Fun, Circus). Check in is automated and took a minute to get use to, but worked fine. The room was clean, just dated.Overall, it's not a bad place to stay. I had no problems with anything. The rooms were fine. Housekeeping was fine. The dealers and other staff were nice and polite. If you are looking for a destination resort, this is not it. Do not stay here. If you just need a place to lay your head and rest, don't mind cheaper hotels or a little smoke smell and can get the room at a good price, stay here. But it is not new, it's not super nice and it didn't cost 2.8 Billion to build as Wynn did.	
Apr 28 2005	Don't worry the Riv's okay	Just got back from a three-night midweek stay at the Riviera. I had read some of the negative reviews before we left and was anticipating much worse than what we actually got. As one of the lower-priced &quot;name&quot; hotels on the strip, the Riviera was a nice surprise.THE GOOD: Check-in was super-fast. The registration desk has been outfitted with kiosk-style check-in terminals, kinda like those at airports. What you lose in the &quot;personal touch,&quot; you make up for with speed. The terminal gives you several different room options (bed size, smoking/non, etc.). Our room, in the Monaco Tower, was reasonably large, very clean and comfortable. There is a small deli/grill counter in the nickel slots section of the casino that had everything on the menu for 99 cents each (including small margarita, draft beer, nachos, shrimp cocktail, pizza slices, etc.)THE BAD: It may have just been a case of bad timing, but everything at the Riv seemed quite crowded, especially for a midweek stay in April before &quot;peak season&quot; really gets going. We never tried the buffet because there was always a line to wait in. Ate at Kady's Coffee Shop (very good breakfast) once but there was usually a line there, as well. We were told they could not put us in the Monte Carlo Tower, which was recommended here in some other reviews, because it was full. There was also always a 5-10 minute wait for the &quot;free pull&quot; promotion in the casino and I never saw an uncrowded roulette or craps table. I played slots here and did not notice the Riviera paying out any better/worse than other casinos, including Slots-a-Fun and Westward Ho across the street.THE UGLY: From the exterior, it does appear that there are pretty significant differences in the various additions to the Riviera in terms of room quality. Even our room, in the newer Monaco Tower, had a better view of the rooftop A/C equipment, HVAC ducts and construction on the adjoining property than it did of the strip. In closing, I'd recommend the Riviera if you haven't stayed in this part of the strip in the past, especially if you can get a good rate. While some casino hotels on the strip are destinations within themselves, the Riviera is more of a place to stay if you're planning on being out on the go more.	
Apr 25 2005	average at best	I have stayed at this casino at least 10 times. I think that this hotel/casino has some of the most rudest craps table dealers in Las Vegas. They always seem to be annoyed at their customers and their management. Some of these emplyees need to be retired or replaced because they are bad for their business. They also get paranoid and try to interrupt the shooter's flow when the shooter appears to be having good run.  The rooms appear to be clean but can be noisy because of the hvac systems and a terrible design of their utility infrastructure. Most views from the rooms are of piping, hvac, plumbing, etc. This hotel is in need of a major renovation or better yet completely rebuild a new hotel casino. The restuarants are ok but I would avoid the buffet restuarant since their food tastes bland. CT	
Apr 17 2005	Had a great time April 9 thru the 13th....	the staff was very friendly and accomodating. Received free tickets to a Neil Diamond tribute show. I am not a 'high roller' and the casino managers were not stingy with the comps for buffet's which were good. Also got a late check out time from Slot Host with no hassles. Room was cleaned daily by a pleasant staff. Granted, the place is not the Bellagio or Venetian but for the price, I was not expecting that. Location on the strip is good, the public bus goes right by the front of the hotel for the trip in either direction on the strip. (fare is $1.00 for senior citizens, 55 and over, the driver does not routinely let that be known). Right across the street is the Westward Ho which has some great meal deals and very good strawberry short-cake for $1.49....I noticed an earlier reviewer stated the monorail is not convenient. I agree, too bad they were not able to place the monorail more centrally to the strip and downtown but the bus service was a good alternative. p.s. The roundtrip non-stop flight from Hartford to Vegas for $180.00 on Southwest Airlines was also great.	
Apr 13 2005	not bad but could be better	We stayed at the Riveria in October of 2004. Check in was not bad. Several wickets open. We were not told that in order to use the phones in the room ( even for calls to another room), as we went with 2 other couples, that we had to leave a credit card number at the desk. There is a $3.00 per night energy charge. We ate at Katys and the food was good if a little slow at times. It was confusing getting around the hotel from the casino as it all looks the same. Housekeeping was fine. Our room was always cleaned when we returned after a day of seeing the sights.Only thing I found strange was that they asked us not to leave the towels to be enchanged each day to save on laundry. The room was adequate. The beds were comfortable and clean. The bathroom had no kleenex in the box and was never filled in the 4 days we were there.Overall the staff was friendly and the casino staff were great. Will we stay here again. If the price is right and we have a chance to upgrade, maybe.	
Apr 12 2005	WHATS with the life guards?	first off, the marketing people do a great job, alll the travel sites really make this place look great.......my number 1 problem was the life guards, i actually stayed there last year, and the year before, so i guess my 3 trips are up!........the life guards, were rude, bossy , and really couldnt speak that good of english.......and what happened to the days of going to the hotels, and having smiling faces, nice looking, in shape life guards?.....well it does exist, only the cut off is Treause Island and up.any thing past the T.I. is totally bottom of the barrel, no matter what they say, or advertise, its not &quot;PARADISE&quot;......get what you pay for!......this really bothered me and my girl freinds,. since we were spending the majority of the day at the pool,.the pool side cocktail wait staff..i mean the non cocktail staff, when they did come around were toally miserable....anyone else had this problem?........we wanted to take a few pictures, with the life guards, but after seeing them and hearing the attitudes they had, NO WAY!..... anyone else had this problem?... thnaks so much , and have a great summerDenise.	
Apr 7 2005	Risky Riv	Just returned from 4 day stay at the Riviera.Went with relatives who had comped room stays. What a mistake.Booked 2 mos. in advance, confirmed type of room day prior to arrival. tried to upgrade and extremely rude check-in girl, assigned us a broom closet by the HVAC equipment.Went back to check in and requested original room back. Hotel staff and managers were terribly rude. This was an America West package deal. Hotel grounds clean up staff was non existent. The outside area was filthy, and by all means, don't venture outside at night alone, scum of the earth hangs around there. Best thing about this stay was the room maid, who was wonderful, in every respect.Will never stay there again, a few bucks more will get you some class and service.Food was also overpriced and terrible.	
Apr 1 2005	Pleasantly Surprised	We just returned from 4 days at the Riv. Have to say I was pleasantly surprised after reading other reviews. We booked through America West and paid a pittance for the package, so was not expecting great things. We checked in around 12:30 a.m. with a live person at the counter, asked for an upgrade and he put us into the Monte Carlo tower. Room was HUGE, clean, marble bathroom, and nice view of the Strip. We never saw or heard anyone else on our floor the whole time we were there. Was very nice not to have kids running up and down the halls!We ate in Kady's for 2 breakfasts. It was so-so. Service was slow and food was just ok. Ate at Kristopher's one night. Again, service slow and food pricey $$$$ So, when does a baked potato cost 2x as much as a gallon of gas??LOLGambling was lousy, so we headed across the street and played at Westward Ho. Did very well there. Cannot believe Riviera did not have $5 black jack, minumum was $10. Another reason we went to Westward Ho. I did like the fact the casino at Riv was lit, nice not to stumble in the dark.Even though it was Spring Break, only saw 5 or 6 kids in the Riviera, and they weren't in the casino. However, some of the bigger resorts mid strip, aye yi yi. Kids everywhere, even little babies. Don't get me wrong, I love kids, have a few myself. Just didn't want to deal with them on MY vacation.So, if you are looking for a clean, inexpensive place to lay your head, the Riviera would be a good choice, in my opinion. If you want to pay for glitz and fancy, and lots of kids, crowded, stay central or south strip. Would I stay there again, certainly.	
Mar 28 2005	Could have been better.	I stayed at the Riviera over the Easter weekend and it was my first trip to Las Vegas. I would have to say that next time I go I will definitely be staying at a hotel on the south end of the strip. We were so far away from the monorail and any of the better sights that it was tiring to find something fun to do. We decided to go to the Primm Valley Outlet Mall and had to make our way to the MGM Grand in order to catch the bus. This took us about 3 hours from the time that we left the hotel to the time that we were finally able to find the monorail and then get to the shuttle. I would have to say that the rooms were alright I have had some bad hotel experiences and that is how I begin to rate my trip. The hotel was very dated and I wasn't really excited about eating the food there. Overall I will be staying at a hotel like Paris or Mirage next time I return. If you are definitly on a budget then go with the Riviera if not stay away.	
Mar 27 2005	A Great Place To Stay	We spend at least two trips a year in vegas and would'nt think of staying any where else. For the price, you cant beat the RIV.	
Mar 26 2005	Much better than expeted after reading reviews!	A group of almost 30 of us stayed at the Riviera. We were pretty worried about staying there after reading many bad reviews. I will agree that it is not brand new and fancy. But for the price, it is definately a great place to stay. I have previously stayed at Bally's &amp; Mandalay Bay, both awesome by the way! Our check-in took only a few minutes. Our room was in the Monaco Tower. The room was very nice, very clean &amp; spacious with a great view of the strip. The bathroom outlet didn't work, so it was a good thing I had brought my own dryer. The casino has plenty of free offers. Make sure you do the free slot pull every day. You get a prize no matter what you get on the pull! The cocktail waitresses are good at coming around. The casino is not as crowded as the newer casinos, so I feel you actually get more service. You can get on a table without waiting &amp; plenty of slots to play.The food court is okay, there's a few fast food places.The worst part of our stay was standing in line for the Players Club card. The wait is way too long at all times of the day or night. I was pleasantly surprised at how fun the casino was &amp; how great our room turned out to be! The Riviera is a definate must if you want to save some money on a room, and spend it somewhere else while you're there!	
Mar 22 2005	Better than expected	We stayed at the Riv over Nascar weekend. Rates were good and a friend had been there the previous year so we booked it. I was extremely worried after reading all the reviews on this site! Check in was easy but they encourage you to use the kiosk-therefore my requested tower(Monte) was not assigned. We were put in the Monaco Tower and I lasted 5 minutes in this very bad room. The front desk sent someone up within 10 minutes with a key to a &quot;much better&quot; room. The room was a little better but at midnight I was at the front desk requesting a different room. The air conditioner was so loud you could not sleep, but without the air on the room was very hot and stuffy.Third room in the Mediterranean South Tower was nice-clean and had refrig. and safe. These rooms are not fancy but they were fine.The coffee shop is okay-not great but fast and friendly service. I loved the casino-not fancy but loose slots and great Roulette! It was the only casino I won in. Everyone very nice! The pool was nice. Valet very good-fast and easy. Overall--not as bad as expected!!	
Mar 20 2005	Frommer's is dead wrong!!!	I have stayed at the Riviera 5 out of my 8 trips to Las Vegas and I love it! My room has always been clean and easy to find. I've gotten lost at Circus Circus in the past, but never at the Riviera. Frommer's travel guide really rips on the Riviera, but just because it's not brand new or has some eye-grabbing attraction doesn't mean it's a bad place to stay. You can get to the parking garages without having to drive on Las Vegas Blvd. (at least from the airport).I have always found it very nice!	
Mar 17 2005	Well past its prime	We stayed at the Riviera during February - we were there for a conference so had no choice as to the hotel we chose and have to be honest would not have chosen this if we had!We found the hotel to be extremely smokey - everywhere! Which, if you are a non-smoker is just horrible. On the plus side, the rooms were very clean, big and roomy and with great views but obviously all the hotels in Vegas are geared towards the shows and gambling so all carpets led to the casinos! The hotel contains a restaurant called Kristophers Steak House which was excellent with a great menu and very well prepared food. Also, a brief respite from the smoke!Overall, the hotel is reaonably priced and still prides itself on its past glories - &quot;enjoys a legendary past as one of the first top-notch Las Vegas hotels&quot; is the statement they use on their own website and personally I think says it all - it probably was one of the best when it first opened but it ain't the best now!	
Mar 12 2005	vacation and business	excellent service,fast check in and out,helpfull staf,grate location,won on slot machines,	
Feb 23 2005	You get (almost) what you pay for..	Wow, don't ever follow up a trip to Las Vegas staying at, say,&quot;Bellagio&quot; or &quot;Rio&quot; with a stay at the Riviera. The place may have been something special in it's time, but today it is almost sad. From the less polished and non professional staff (we went to one of the bars and although we were one of only two parties in the bar, we never got waited on- on a Thursday night!) to the needle disposal rules posted in the guestrooms- it felt like a sleazy experience. Like others who stayed recently, our room overlooked a bunch of industrial junk and the air conditioner was so loud and annoying, it was tempting to turn it off and listen to the endless noise. My husband changed rooms 2 or 3 times in order to finally get a non-smoking room with a king sized bed. The bath was small and cramped and the lighting was poor. On the theory that you only go to Vegas once in awhile, splurge on something better.	
Feb 22 2005	Strange characters	I stayed at the Riviera with my sister and friend. Overall, the hotel is clean and worth the little money a room costs. If you are in the age group of 20+ like we are, I do not recommend it. This hotel seems to get a large mix of locals and rednecks. Being New York City girls, we stuck out like soar thumbs. There was a constant stare from many of the guests and I had hard time getting past the chain smoking slot machine addicts. It is almost depressing to watch.The hotel is located all the way up the strip and can be an inconvenience when you go clubbing at night. You can always catch a cab but its about a $12-15 fare. Overall the hotel was decent, but if you have a little extra money to spend, I recommend New York, New York.	
Feb 21 2005	Good to sleep in	Cost of a room here was in close proximity to a room at Paris LV which was hard to believe! The hotel is a bit dank. Cost of the food is less than other hotels. Pool was a disappointment as there was nothing special about it -- opens late/closes early. We have been to Vegas four times. During one visit we stayed on Freemont street for one night just for the experience -- I would compare this hotel to one of those. Each time we have gone we stayed at a different hotel. NY NY -- Paris, Belmont, all have their benefits as well as their down falls. I will not stay here again. We're staying at the Sahara in April.	
Feb 20 2005	First time visitor	Our first trip to las vegas and was booked in at the riviera. The checkin was somewhat long and had a hard time finding the registration desk upon arrival. The room was nice, clean. We had a nice time in the casino and didnt take long to find our way around. Two main complaints are that they still charge an energy surplus charge per day of about $3.27 and we did not learn about the players comp card until we had been back home for about a week. Now that we know some things we would probably not stay at the riviera again mainly because we would like to see if we would have a better experience at another hotel/casino in the future.	
Feb 17 2005	Not Great	The Riviera is in serious need of an update. The rooms are very dated, bathroom fixtures old and rotting. I also found that the bathroom was not particularly clean when we checked in. The buffet was horrible. The hotel is located very far down the strip, so we spent time and money trying to get anywhere on the strip. Friends of ours stayed at the Stratosphere for less and it was a nicer hotel. Or I would suggest spending a few extra dollars to stay a little closer to the action.	
Feb 9 2005 	This is the definition of POOR SERVICE!!	I have never in my life dealt with as many rude people employed by one establishment. There were several incidents involving more than one person.  It started on our arrival on the 6th. After our flight and spending two hours on the never ending shuttle ride, we finally reached the hotel at 2:00, ½ hour before our meeting was to start and already a little bit frustrated. We were first told that to check in, we needed to use our credit card on the machines. The attitude behind the desk was rather bored and uninterested. Since none of our credit cards had been used to book the room, I had my doubts as to that working and while I the creditcardless stood in line to be helped, my companions unsuccessfully swiped every card in their wallets before getting in line behind me. It is important to note, that there was no one in line before me and two women at the desk. Finally, the woman on the far left waved me over. I had a cigarette in my hand (remember two hour shuttle ride) and she says, “Oh, I can’t help you” and when I said “what?” She said she had asthma. Okay, you are working in a hotel/casino with smoke everywhere and you couldn't find a job in the many places that don't have their check-in in the middle of a smoky casino??? I said fine and stepped way back and proceeded to be assisted. (more dialogue on you’re checking me in) She then had me booked into a room that was non-smoking and it had been listed that I smoked. So the asthmatic woman began searching for a room (I assume that was what she was doing as she was typing in her computer) after a while she tells me that I can check in at VIP and I ask if she is close to finding a room and she tells me, she is still looking and I should go to VIP.  I then go to VIP and they finally find me a room.  Then on the 7th, we were to meet in Valet parking for a group of us to go to dinner. None of us were aware that they had more than one valet and we were all at different ones. I went to convention valet where there were two men in the valet booth. I didn’t see my friends and asked if there was another valet, (at this point recognizing that this valet had a special name) I was told there was two and I asked if they could call over to the other valet to see if my friend was there. They had several heavy suitcases and couldn’t have been missed. They said sure but one was on the phone, having a personal conversation and held up his finger. After waiting for several minutes, at this point being 10 minutes late. I asked another valet parker where the other valet was. Hurriedly he said, “just inside the door of the casino, down the escalator”. I confirmed that it was JUST inside the door and he said, yeah and ran off. I was already late and wanted to make sure that I could make it to the other valet and I knew that it took almost 15 minutes to get to the other side. About half way there, I knew it wasn’t just inside the door.  I finally get back to the booth in front of the hotel check-in, lost and very late and another guest (not with us) and myself, asked directions to valet from the lady passing out “free pull” cards. Apparently this wasn’t her job because she quickly told us it was around the corner and also stated it as though we were stupid for asking such an obvious question. The other man and I discussed how rude the people were here as we went down the escalator. By now, I am ½ hour late to meet my friends and I am speedwalking to get over to the next valet.  I walked up to one of the valet men and said, “I’m late to meet my friends, and I am about to die here” I again had a cigarette in my hand, which must be a crime at the Riviera because the valet parker looks at the cigarette and says sarcastically, “yeah, you think you’re going to die huh?” Or something along those lines. Now, I’m ------ off. Twice, I have been criticized by their employees for my smoking. Okay, I understand if you don't like smoking but is it okay to insult a CUSTOMER??? No one apparently thinks customer service is part of their job description and when I ask that they call to see where my friends bags were taken. (which valet, because now I know there are three) he points me to a phone across the way and tells me to call them myself at some ext # 90 something. Which by the way, never answered when I called.  I finally call baggage, near tears and I get Judy! Thank God they hired her because she was the only person who apparently gave a damn that I needed help. (I was too busy running to get the other peoples names but since I reached Convention valet at 6:20pm and the other valet at 6:45pm, you’ve got a time frame). Judy tries to call around for me. Of course, at this point I am over ½ hour late and they are gone. If I hadn’t run into another person from our board, I would have been stranded completely.  Then on Saturday morning at Jitters, I again faced the same, “I’m going to do my job but customer service isn’t part of it” attitude and then again at the hot dog stand at lunch.  I reiterate, I have NEVER dealt with so many rude people working in one place in my LIFE!  Later, I wrote them to complain. I never heard ONE word from them, not a single I'm sorry, NOTHING! Then what do you expect from the hotel that is the anti-customer service hotel.... 	
Feb 7 2005	High Class Price / Low Class Facility	Our experience started with a lousy check-in process. We arrived mid-morning, but were certain that a hotel that big would have some way to accomodate early arrivals. We stood in the check-in line at about 10:30 but were told to get out by one of the staff as we were not 'hotel invited' guests. My husband had to go to his convention, so at noon I returned for the permitted check-in time. By noon, the check-in line was about a hundred people deep and it took about 45 minutes for me to get to the front. Check-in was automated, so I had to wait again for the single 'real person' who could help me. They almost didn't let me check in as the reservation was in my husband's name, but the desk clerk (who was friendly and helpful) consulted his manager and I was allowed to give them my credit card and go up to the room.The room was not made up, so I met the maid (friendly) while I waited for my bags to come up (the bell staff was great - very helpful). The room, however was very disappointing. We had paid for an upgrade so the expense was significant, yet the room was like a midrange motel chain. The furnishings were ordinary, and there was no hair dryer. I hate goign out with wet hair, so we called housekeeping to request one, but it never arrived. The bed was uncomfortable and we tossed and turned all night trying to sleep. I would expect to pay one-third of what we paid for such a no-frills room.My husband volunteered to get us a new hotel for our second night, but the timing was inconvenient and no way did I want to risk going through another check-in mess like I went through the day before.Kady's was ordinary, not bad, not great. We had a good waitress. That was the only place we ate. All in all it seemed that the staff was trying hard to make things work, but the room itself, and the company policies were conspiring to undermine their efforts.We will not be back.	
Feb 2 2005	Riviera a total surprise. We didn't know what to expect.	Hotel was fine, staff mostly friendly and helpful. Comedy show great, Crazy girls was stupid and awful.Food not good at Kadys, stay away. Bad employees, I mean horrible, the head lady was curt, unfriendly, very poor. The wait staff was simply negligent. Stay away.The Buffet is.....well its a buffet. Some food is good some not. The prepared to order omoletes are a joke and bad. Go elsewhere.Stay in the Monaco Tower, very nice, clean well done.Why is beverage away from the casino floor so expensive in Vegas? I mean its crazy and like they try to show you your in a desert. A glass of soda or a coffee in a restaurant 3-5 bucks? Finding good coffee is really tough, I just want plain old good coffee, and its harder to find than a hot slot machine I thinkThe strangest thing I found is the small numbers of people we saw at times, I don't think we passed more than one person going to or from our room in the Monaco Tower on the floor we were on. 44 by the way, but thats only the fourth floor. Even the hallway lobbies had people but by no stretch in any number at any time day or night we would go through. Just thought it odd and expected super busy and it wasn't. Love the feeling of the enclosed outdoor area between the towers and the casino were the pool is, it is really super to spend time out there but people from warmer climates than we come from in Minnesota think your crazy I think that you find it marvelous to be out in the evening when its a mere 55-60 degrees, we thought it was great, the green well cared for grass and beautiful palms. we couldn't get enough and if I did over again I would have spent hours out there.I didn't find and slots particularly friendly, but try money storm, hillbillies, sizzling 7's, the seem to pay a little. the single deck black jack in pretty cool and you can play for some time for next to nothing. If your better than me and got more guts and money, you could pick your times and make some money I think.	
Jan 16 2005	Classic Vegas at The Riviera	The Riviera Hotel &amp; Casino Las Vegas. Less than twenty years ago, this was the largest Casino in the world. It still holds onto that old Las Vegas Charm - you almost expect to see Frank and Dino walk sitting in the lounge. We got a room in the Monaco tower, which was immaculate, comfortable and well decorated. Basic rooms, nice sized bathroom, and owing to older construction- thick well insulated walls. We always get misplaced here, as the walkways serpentine throughout their still, rather large casino floor. The Las Vegas Convention Center is one block east- which makes this a lower cost natural for conventions. We walked out the back entrance, and across Paradise Road for a brisk 10 minute walk to the LVCC. Anyone who has stayed at the higher priced Hilton realizes that there is a rather long walk through the Hilton Casino, past the restaurants, through the Barron Room, across the delivery alley, up the escalator, through the suspended walkway, and then finally into the halls, and then more if your destination is the South Halls- so this walk from the Riviera is just a morning constitutional.There really is no problem with the services at the Riviera, nor the Restaurants. The service is very good, the Restaurants offer good fare. I appreciate that the Riviera doesn't feel like it has to compete with the Bellagio- which would probably cost millions in renovations and upgrading- which of course, would be passed along to their guests.It's really a time capsule back into old Vegas. By the way, we recognized the casino as the one used in the Robert De Niro film &quot;Casino&quot; from a few years ago. The location which is opposite Circus Circus on the Strip is not a bad one. It's a couple of blocks to the fashion SHow Mall to the south. So, we found this place more than adequate and clean. If we wished to be pampered, and sleep on Egyptian linen with silk pillows, and indulge in marble bathrooms, we would have chosen a higher priced property. The Riviera does a good job of offering clean, basic rooms, with good amentiies- food, and entertainment.	
Jan 14 2005	You get less than you Pay For!	They are celebrating there 50th anniversary....and it shows their age. I stayed at the Riviera for a Saturday Night for the CES 2005 and AVN conventions. Paid $119.00 for one night. First of all, starting with the parking......The parking lots for those who dont want to Valet are 300 yrds from the hotel. Which means if you dont bring all your stuff with you the first time forget it. Secondly, Checking In.....when I arrived at 11:30 there was a line 40 people deep, as they dont let you check in untill 12:00p and they are very adament about this. Very inconsiderate and staff was not too friendly. When I arrived there was a sewage spill all across the parking lot that required those who wanted to check in to smell the nice aroma from their sewers, they blamed it on an &quot;oil spill&quot;. Once checked in it is again a walk to your room where you have to walk another 50 yards to get to the 2 different newer towers. Beware they have 3 towers there. One the orriginal 1950ish, and 2 newer ones. I stayed in the San Remo Tower the room is very small, with a view of the north strip and of the parking lot and of the many apartment or &quot;ghetto&quot; hotels below. The one good thing about this place is the location if you are going to a convention. It is walking distance to Hilton Convention Center and about 2 miles to the Sands Expo Center. Overall, room was pleasant however probably will not return unless I had no other choices. Thanks	
Jan 3 2005	clean room but AC extremely loud	I got a non smoking room in the Monaco Tower as requested. I heard that the Monaco and Monte Carlo towers were better than others. These two towers were suppose to be the deluxe rooms, but when I asked for them, front desk just said ok. That was pretty good. When I got to my room, I was very happy to see a view of the strip. Very beautiful view indeed! The room was a bit smaller than Sahara, since I had stayed in Sahara the previous day. (just to try the two different hotels since they were about the same price. The view wasn't as nice in Sahara though) Everything was clean. However, the rooms in this tower did not have a central AC unit. The AC was by the window, and GOD it was loud. I didn't turn it on while we slept because it would be impossible to do so. Over all, we were happy with our stay. And they also had a free pull desk and $10 play when you join their club. That was pretty good. You get a souvenir (a mug) after you do your free pull.	
Dec 21 2004	Wonderful trip	Took my wife to the Riv for our anniversary and had a great time. Staff was very helpful and friendly, room was clean and comfortable, and the casino was what you would expect. We really liked the location, the North end of the strip gives you the option of being as cheap or as extravagant as you feel. The Riv feels like old Vegas as opposed to the Glitz and theme-park atmosphere of the mid\south end of the strip. While these resorts are a must see when visiting Vegas, you are within a few minutes from them at the Riviera by bus or taxi. We had absolutely no complaints about anything regarding this hotel. It is not Ceasars or the Venitian, but they don't charge like those hotels either. I was concerned with some of the negative reviews I had read on this site before our trip, but had no problems what so ever. If you want to stay at a high dollar corporate theme park, go to the south end of the strip. If you want the Old style Vegas experience for a moderate price, consider the Riv. We have already made plans to return to the Riviera next year. Good luck.	
Dec 4 2004	Awesome	We got one of the best rooms for less than $90/- during the busy thanksgiving season. They even upgraded to a suite. I think it was called the Meditarranean tower and we had a glimpse of the Stratosphere from our window. This place was awesome and well worth the money spent.	
Dec 1 2004	Avoid it if you have any sense of expectation	Ugh. Knew that we were going to stay only one night so did a Priceline bid. First mistake. Our flight was super delayed in Boston b/c of mechanical problems. We called ahead of time to let the hotel staff know that we would be arriving 6 hours late but to hold our room.When we finally got there at 2am, they said they were totally booked. I told them we had called and were assured our room would be available. The guy said it would take about awhile for them to get a room cleaned and ready for us and would we like to go to the restaurant! The nerve! We were very tired. I looked at the guy and said &quot;What? Are you all renting these rooms by the hour? You're telling me the room has to be cleaned at 2 am?&quot; He went back to &quot;talk to his boss&quot; came back and said well, we have one room, but just to come back if the room was being cleaned.When we got to the room it was OBVIOUS that the room had not been cleaned for HOURS. Needless to say, they at least hooked us up with free brunch which was not half bad. But I promise you I will NEVER EVER stay there again. Our room was icky and overlooked an abandoned hotel with icky mattresses layed out in front of it.	
Nov 30 2004	Terrible	It was our first time there, and we had gotten this great deal from vegas..now i know why!! check in was a horrible experience, our two rooms both had plumbing problems, my hamburger at Kodys restaurant was raw, and the premiums I got for gambling there for hours were a joke!! about the only good thing was the buffet,, actually quite good. Use the two for one coupons you get a check in for the sunday champagne brunh ( be forewarned..have to request the champagne and it comes in a plastic water glass. Was quite far from the actual strip. Dont stay here unless they make it worth your while	
Nov 16 2004	We stay again	Stayed for 3 days Nov. 7, 2004. Yes, it's not the newest or most up to date but we enjoyed. We were in the Monoco tower king, non-smoking. No problems. Quiet and clean. Ate at Kristophers steakhouse. Service could have been better but food was good. Buffet one night (2 for 1). Also not bad. We had rented a car and found the parking close and convenient. Slots paid sometimes. Husband was looking for low minimum blackjack. Unable to find here but just across the street, Slots of Fun had $1 and $3 tables. We'd stay again. Never got further south than Stardust but we didn't need to be around the &quot;look at my money people&quot;.	
Nov 15 2004	Pleasant stay	We stayed at the Riv March of '04 for one week. Our convention was held there. I must admit that I was quite concerned after reading some of the reviews. Almost booked at another hotel as the reviews made the Riv sound quite horrid.What a pleasant surprise! True the hotel is older but well kept and the staff was very congenial. I can see where check in might be confusing for those unfamiliar with computers but for most, it's a breeze. Ample staff available for the computer illiterate.Our room in the north tower was clean and comfortable. Really enjoyed 'Splash' except for the little accident the motorcycle daredevils had which ended the show earlier by a few minutes. We were quite concerned about the riders and were relieved to hear there was just a minor injury.Overall we were quite pleased with our stay and would definitely recommend to others. Don't let the outlandish reviews disuade you, you'll have a good time and save money.	
Nov 13 2004	great hotel and staff 9 Nov. to 11 Nov. 2004	The Riveria Hotel was great. I have looked at all the complaints. Yes it is an old Hotel but in great shape. The staff was helpful. It was may wifes first flight and trip to Vegas. She had a great time and enjoyed herself and wants to return to the Riveria. I have made about 8 trips to the area and I have a good time each time. If people would do there homework before going to Vegas, there would be less complaints and problems. The food was good, and the room was nice and clean. Check in and check out was fast and easy. It was very effecient and hospitable.	
Nov 9 2004	Read before choosing	I reserved 2 rooms at a set price for myself and a business associate prior to the SEMA Show. We were able to check in after a 2 hour waiting period. The desk clerk was very short (not stature) as she informed us that there would be an &quot;energy&quot; surcharge of $3.81 per room per day for electricity. We also had to sign an agreement that &quot;Food or beverage purchased from any source other than the Riviera hotel catering or room service departments for hospitality purposes is strictly prohibited. I agree to pay an additional $200.00 per day for each violation___________ (guest initial)&quot;. Also, &quot;Local, 800 and 800 type calls are charged $1.00 for first 3 minutes and 7 cents for each additional minute. (3 minute rounding). Additional surcharges apply to each long distance call________(guest initial)&quot;. In-room safes are $3.00 per day.The food court consisted of 4 well known fast food franchises that would take only cash, no credit cards.The Riviera doesn't seem to be as interested in the customer's satisfaction as they are in their money. The rooms were not all that bad for an old hotel...the limited number of channels on the small TV (color) seemed to work ok...the courtesy shampoo (dark blue) was somewhat questionable...the bed was adequate for sleeping. If you just want a place to stay that is neither nice or friendly then you should consider the Riviera.	
Nov 9 2004 	Clean and adequate Splash was great	We stayed at the Riviera Nov 1 - 5 for the SEMA show. Very convenient to the Convention center. We reserved a King non smoking but when we checked in there wasn't one available, according to the clerk. Then my brother-in-law checked in behind me and, low and behold, he got a king non smoking room on the same floor as us. Kind of ticked me off since he was single. We stayed in the Monico Tower. Our double room was clean and comfortable. Good water pressure. No coffee maker but a blow dryer. House keeping kept us in clean towels and she was very friendly. We went to the comedy club, waste of money. The Hair Salon is old and dingy. Needs a remodeling desperately. I went there looking for relief for my tired old feet and requested a spa pedicure. Toni Jo was the tech and I got a great pedicure and massage, but WAY overpriced at $55 not including tip. I expect to pay that an upscale spa.Hubby won tickets to Splash on the Free Spin in the front of the hotel. After seeing the comedy show we didn't expect much but were pleasantly surprised! Beautiful topless women in a dance, comedy, ice skating, variety show. I would have paid to see this show. Recommend it. The men in the show could have been more attractive. (must be equal!)Ate at Kady's for Bfast and lunch, good food and service. Printed 2 for 1 coupons on the Riviera's webpage that we could use for lunch and dinner.I would stay here again, but because of the big SEMA show we paid too much at $92 per night. During off season I am sure we could find a better hotel at the same price.	
Nov 2 2004	No Problems!	Just returned from the Riviera on the 21st. We stayed there for 4 days. I felt I had to write this review since I rely on this web site for many of my hotel options. First of all, we could not find one thing wrong with this hotel. No, it's not the Luxor or Mirage, but then again we didn't want to pay those prices for the little time you actually spend in your room. We booked about 6 months in advance through Funjet and paid a great price! I kept checking the paper to see if this hotel went on sale up until our departure date. It did, but the price didn't even come close to what we paid. Rooms: We stayed in the Monte Carlo tower, 21st floor. Nice room, clean, maids were there daily. No problems at all. Food: Ate dinner at the buffet twice with our 2 for 1 coupons. Food was good. Many choices. Even if you're picky, you will find something you like. Went to Kady's for breakfast once. Food was average but felt prices were high unless you had a coupon.Casino: Always clean. Slots varried on payouts. We would win one day but not the next. Waitresses were friendly and always around.Check in: They need more kiosks. The lines are long checking in. There's someone behind the counter to help you if you've never done it this way before or if you want an upgrade. They were very helpful and cheery.Check out: I suggest using the check out process on the TV in your room. Really speeds things up. No problems and easy to do.Over all, I would stay at this hotel again. I feel we got our money's worth and more. I don't know about the people who say this place is a dump. They must be comparing it to 5 star hotels. For us hard working, middle class people, it is just fine!	
Oct 23 2004	First time in Vegas don't stay there	We went to NASCAR for the first time and stayed atthe Riv. The in-room safe was broken, no towels and no shower curtain. We finally got housekeeping to come for the shower curtain but the front desk did not assist us in the 6 days to fix the safe. They told us we could pay to use theirs. The staff were not particularily friendly and you wait for a long time for a drink when you are gambling. The room was dirty and old looking and the price for the room should have been alot less. We are going to NASCAR again and will stay across the street. The only great thing about the hotel was the NASCAR fans were the most kindest, friendliest and welcoming we found in Vegas.	
Oct 18 2004	Great room and great restaurant next door! We had no problems.	This was our sixth trip to Vegas this year and first time at the Riviera. We booked it through Priceline as it was far and away the best price we could get at on a Saturday night for the 3-star level. We were just there for one night as we had a concert to see at the MGM Grand. The electronic check-in IS very tacky, but works easily and there are people behind the counter to assist you to use it, or in our case to get us changed to a updated, renovated non-smoking room. You do not have to go wait in the regular long check-in line to the right to get your room changed after check-in, just ask the people standing behind the electronic check in are. Room was very clean with brand new furnishings and carpet. A typical motel style room you would find at a Holiday Inn or the like. This is an older hotel, but not awful at all and certainly fit the bill for us for a one-night stay and I would recommend it provided you are ready to ask for an updated room. If comparing to The Venetian or Mandalay Bay or MGM (where we have also stayed), of course it is not the same but neither is the price. It is a HUGE upgrade from the San Remo where we stayed last time we had a Saturday concert to see at the MGM. That was just awful. A good trek to the MGM Grand Arena though, we took a taxi which cost about $10. each way, so figure that in if you are doing some up at the other end of the strip. NOTE: There is a FABULOUS, unique restaurant/bar next door called The Peppermill that serves food and spirits 24/7 that was recommened in recent Budget Living issue, and it was terrific!! Highly recommend you try this great place which is only 20 steps away from the Riviera. You will feel like you are in another world when you are there!!!! Check out the fireplace with fire in a pool of water in the cocktail lounge.	
Oct 11 2004 	Worse than awful	The Riviera hotel is a 50 year old casino/hotel that looks and smells like a 50 year old hotel. I have to believe that they have not spent any money in the past 30+ years to do anything to this place. All the hallways smell like something died under the carpet and was never recovered.This hotel has absolutely the worst customer service I have ever come across in a hotel or even motel for that matter. The staff had the attitude that I was doing them a favor by staying there so I should just shut up and be on my way. I don't usually do this, but my stay was so bad that I wrote a long letter to the President of Riviera explaining the horrid conditions. Please stay away from there. Avoid it like the plague.	
Oct 8 2004	Worst Vegas experience	I stayed at the Riviera as part of a SANS conference along with 1200 of participants.The hotel staff was rude, unattentive and uninformed. Checkin is automated, but when I came up to the kiosk, the room I wanted - King/Non-smoking was not a choice. I had to wait and argue with the desk clerk to get the room I requested and paid for - the make you give one night's deposit while making reservations.The rooms are old and poorly equipped: no hair dryer, no coffee maker, terrible toiletries. The room felt 'dirty' though it probably wasn't.I asked for a hairdryer and was told that I could check it out for 2 hours and that they would charge $25 a day if kept. What hotel does this? I've had better rooms at Motel 6.In Las Vegas where hotel competition is huge - this hotel is a waste of money. I checked - at the same time Bally's was offering a suite for $89 while I paid $99 for a regular room with a view of a dirt pile behind the hotel.Restaurant Kristoffers's is overpriced and the $35 steak came w/o sides and tasted like a shoe leather. Disgusting! If you like school caffeteria lunches - you'll like the buffet. The choices were plentiful but everything looked overcooked, charred or just like it's been sitting there for days.Out of all the hotels I've stayed in (over 500 in my lifetime) this was one of the absolutely the worst ones, including a roach infested motel in the forests of Romania.Go somewhere else!	
Oct 6 2004	loved the Riviera	My husband and I stayed at the Riviera in June 2004. It was our 4th Trip to Vegas and first time in the Riviera - I read all the horror stories so was absolutely delighted when we discovered a lovely hotel. The room was clean, staff friendly and helpful, food good, and slots where quite loose. I can honestly say we had a great time there. Have stayed at the more glitzy hotels before but will definitely be staying at the Riviera next trip. Great value for the money.	
Sep 15 2004	Don't be put off by poor reviews	My husband and I stayed at the Riviera from the 1st September for 5 nights. We have stayed there previously, although not for a few years, so we knew it was old and was beginning to show its age. After reading all the previous reviews we were extremely concerned that we had made the wrong choice, however, we were very pleasantly surprised. Remember, this is a budget hotel, not a palace. We stayed in the Monaco tower at the suggestion of the hotel receptionist. Room had been renovated, new wallpaper and carpet. Bathroom suite was old but clean. Towels and bed linen were clean. Room was more than adequate, staff were very helpful and friendly, and facilities are great. We would definately stay there again.	
Sep 9 2004	Terrible	My room was filthy! My kids found a used Q-tip under the bed and used facial tissue sticking out from under the headboard. The shower trickled out water and the housekeeping staff was very rude.	
Sep 8 2004	riviera very nice	We stayed at the riviera in july 04. Don't let the reviews run you off if u get a good deal!!! The room was nice as were all the employees and the property in general. Only eat the buffet if you have 2 tor 1 coupon....expensive for variety. Not very many low limit tables...but slots-o-fun and westward ho right across the street...This hotel did not seem dirty or run down or smell bad like I saw in review(almost cancelled). Pool is a little small....but not very crowded and has drink service.We like to stay somewhere different every year but would recommend to any1 on a budget.(shop around...we got in for 40 bucks a night!!!) Slots still pay coins..not the stupid tickets every1 is goin to...have fun and gl!!!	
Sep 6 2004	gotta get your own drinks	rooms were not bad, not great either, staff extremely rude like your bothering them being there. biggest complaint was having to quit gambling to go find a bar and get a drink the waittress staff sucked will never go back again.	
Sep 6 2004	Very Pleasantly Surprised!	We were very pleasantly surprised on our recent (8/27 to 9/2/02) stay at the Riviera. After reading the many reviews, some good and some not so good, we were pleased that we gave the Riviera a chance. Ambiance. The atmosphere in the Riviera Casino is like &quot;old Vegas&quot;. Not overly classy and not tacky. Easy to access, not too smoky, and clean.Check-in. It went very quickly and smoothly (we did not use the automated check-in) and the desk staff for check-in, check-out, and a mid-stay room upgrade was friendly, polite, helpful, and enjoyable.In fact, every staff member we enountered was friendly and helpful. They all wear name tags with their home cities, and it makes a great conversation starter. They appreciate you taking a minute or two to talk to them. They always treated us well. I saw several guests who treated them like servants, and they likely will write bad reviews of the service.Room categories. We stayed in a very spacious, nicely furnished deluxe room in the Monte Carlo tower with a king bed, chairs, table, armoire, and frig. It seemed to have been recently redecorated. Everything was very clean and housekeeping service was excellent. Upgrade.The last three nights we upgraded to a one bedroom suite on one of the high floors of the Monte Carlo tower and it was much more than expected. It was actually nicer than some of the suites we had visited at other newer &quot;highly-touted&quot; resorts where friends were staying, and a lot less money. The only reason we moved to the suite was for business meeting purposes, as the standard room was more than adequate for the two of us. The suite accomodations included a large living - dining room with sofa, loveseat, chair, and dining table with four chairs, a wet bar with three barstools, and a marble half bath in the foyer. There was a very large bedroom, with separate dressing area and make up vanity, and a full marble bath with separate tub and shower. Oh yes, can't forget the balcony with a great view of the strip all the way to the Mandalay Bay. Decor was Country French and the other possiblility is Tudor Style. Housekeeping was again top notch. Suggest that you get your best rate for a standard room, then check out the upgrade rates once you arrive, subject to availability. Not so good...As nice as the rooms were, the elevators really need to be cleaned and elevator carpet replaced. That was the only negative we could find during our stay.Due to business meeting schedule, only ate at Kady's restaurant for some breakfasts and lunches. Our food there was very good, especially for price and hotel has plenty of 2 for 1 coupons for this restaurant (available on line at their web site) and the hotel fun book. Service was very good and friendly. Not so good...Didn't care for the pastries at the JAX coffee shop. Good for building a fireplace. Tasteless..but coffee is great. JAX is a business leasing space, not Riviera owned.Only had limited time for gambling, but hard not to gamble at the Riviera with all their promotions and coupons for free pulls, 2 for 1's and much more. Much more relaxed atmosphere than many casinos, very comfortable. Joining their free Player's Club had many fun benefits.We were offered free tickets to several shows, but had to pass due to business schedule. Transportation was easy using the local Bus, as the bus stop is right in front of the casino heading north and directly across the street in front of Slots of Fun for southbound. At two bucks per person per ride or $5 per person for a 24 hour pass, it is a good deal. Just have to allow time for traffic on the strip.We own a travel agency and have stayed at many of the newer, fancier, higher-priced, casino resorts, and have enjoyed them, but can say that we enjoyed our experience at the Riviera just as much. We always try to stay at a different location each trip to further our own knowledge, but we both agreed that we would like to go back to the Riviera to enjoy it without business meetings.	
Sep 1 2004	disatisfying stay	The room was noisy due to the fact that the room next door was being repaired, and we weren't in-formed of this. There was banging going on, on and off. this would start around eight-thirty in the morning. The buffet was'nt all that either. The mexican food was good, but the rest was average.The desserts sucked! They were dry and stale. Long long long walks to the tower rooms and back to the casino. problems with the shower not working right. We had to get maintenance twice to fix the problems. Then to top it off, I used the restroom at the buffet,and a woman had barfed all over the sink area--YUCK! GROSS! that was my first day and only only stay at the &quot;wonderful&quot; Riviera. 11/2003	
Sep 1 2004	NOT BAD FOR THE PRICE	We stayed at the riv form aug 12-15 2004. Not bad for the pricegreat dealclean rooms and servicedecent low roller casino	
Aug 12 2004	Dirty Laundry	Our self check in process went well, but getting help finding our room wasn't so easy. After walking around enough with our luggage we figured we should figure it out on our own. The sheets on our bed were dirty. I dont know how housekeeping didn't notice the lipstick and blush marks from the previous guests on the pillows and sheets. After we called housekeeping, it took 8 hours to have them replaced and they only replaced the sheets and left us with the same comforter. we also payed $18 each for the buffet and it was the worst in town. I have stayed at cheaper hotels and had better service.	
Aug 11 2004	Great trip to Vegas	We stayed at the Riveria Hotel and Casino and we loved it! Las Vegas was a wonderful surprise in that it was enjoyable every minute!! We visited in July 2004 when it was super hot but all the casinos were really cool. Only bad side was checking out.............very long line and wait. Guess they didn't want me to leave either :)	
Aug 8 2004	Not Bad If You Get a Good Rate	Not a bad place to stay at if u can find a good room rate. I stayed in may 23-25 at the Riviera for $39 a night. Good deal..right! Yes the check-in process is automated. We found it to be quick and easy. I saw others having a hard time, non english speaking tourist/vacationers and senior citizens. This made the line a little long but not that bad. Finding the rooms was a little bit of a pain. I booked a standard room in the San Remo tower but I was pleasantly surprised to be find out my room was a Superior room in the Meditterean tower, a surprise free upgrade. I was quite happy because I noticed that to get to the San Remo tower u have to go outside and stroll through the pool area to get to those rooms..LOL! The Meditterean room was suitable but nothing fancy. The carpet needs to be replaced,old and mismatched colors of green in certain places. The bedsheets are kinda old and a drabby color. The bathroom was very clean but small. The vanity table is too small if u carry alot of makeup and colgnes. I didnt like the connecting door to the next room. I could hear our neighbors talking or leaving their rooms which made me feel a little uncomfortable about the volume of our TV or when we spoke to each other. We didnt have a good view of the strip or pool instead we had a view of the air conditioning unit, but thats ok. Especially since we got an unexpected free upgrade and the price was GREAT! The parking garage is kinda bad and quite a walk to the hotel lobby to check-in, I recommend valet. Lots of shops and restaurants inside the Riviera and a food court. Alot of super saver coupons to eat,shop and gamble at the Riviera with the Funbook u get at check-in. They really want to keep you their. The location is &quot;so so&quot;. You have the Circus Circus,Stardust,Westward Ho across the street. All the newer Hotels are at the south strip. Gambling is great at the Riviera, we arent big gamblers but we won quite a bit of cash at the slots. the food at the buffet, I couldnt tell you because we opted instead for a GREAT dinner at Kristofers steakhouse at the Riviera. let me tell you the service was excellent, they treat you like a king and queen. What I liked was that we didnt feel rushed to eat our meal so they can sit someone else at our table! We started out with Ceaser salad and then an amazing Onion soup with melted cheese, to die for. The hot bread rolls were warm and tasty. My filet mignon and baked potatoe were Excellent as was my husbands Double Lobster Tail dinner. The server came around quite often to refill our water/drink glasses. My husband was served quckly every time he ordered a cognac. We were in great spirits! At the end of the meal u get a complimetary chocolate covered bon bons! I also ordered a cheescake for dessert it was deliscious! What we liked about Kristofers was that after every course of your meal they gave us time to let the food settle, they didnt bring out all of our dishes at the same time. We felt like if we had someone watching over us until we finished and then bring out the next plates or refills of drinks, which is great! Felt very well serviced and special!The only pitfalls of the Riviera is that housekeeping didnt clean my bathtub/shower the next day, i could see my long hair on the bathroom wall..lol...but whatever, at least it wasnt a strangers hair! We did get fresh clean towels and more shampoo and lotions. Houskeeping seems honest since we had left expensive bottles of cologne/perfume and designer handbags out in plain view. Nothing was missing out of our room. We saw plenty of security throughout the Casino which is good. Overall we had a very fun and pleasant stay at the Riviera. I think I would return if I found a great deal again like $39 a night, by the way I wasnt their during midweek. This is the price I got for a Saturday and Sunday stay...isnt that great! Dont come to the &quot;Riv&quot; if you are used to 4 or 5 star accomadations. Good place to stay if you arent planning on staying in your room alot. Comfortable bed,good food choices, so so location, nice atmosphere and good service. Didnt encounter any rude staff, but Valet is slow to pick up your car. Next door to the &quot;Riv&quot; is the Peppermill and my husband and I had a very cozy romantic evening at the lounge sipping drinks and eating appetizers in front of the fireplace in the middle. Very sweet and romantic place to hang out.If u can get a room here for under $70, its a good deal, if not stay or look someplace else. Luxor ,Bally's and Orleans are excellent hotels!	
Aug 6 2004	More than I expected- July 25-29	I booked a vacation trip at the Riviera through a travel club. After reading the reviews for months, I became really scared about staying here for almost a week. Nevertheless, my credit card had already been charged for the special rate. We had no problems checking in. Staff were available if you did not want to use automated check-in. They were not rude as others had stated they would be. We were given a room in the Mediterranian South Tower as the newest tower was full. This section had been remodeled. It was very quiet the whole time we were there and the maids kept the room clean and filled with extra towels daily. We visited other friends at more expensive hotels and you could hear your neighbors at night. The food court was just what we needed since we were nearly broke from expensive dining at the other strip end. We were able to get a coupon book that had discounts for the food court and other areas in the Riviera. The waitress never stopped asking if we wanted free drinks and we were not avid gamblers. My one complaint was after being given our room, staff throughout the hotel led us on a wild goose chase as noone knew how to get to our tower. Eventually, a chef took the time to locate a map and made sure we got there. Also, I had a free upgrade to a petite suite. However, I was told that there were only king beds and the hotel did not have suites with 2 beds. Their vending machines were even less expensive than the other hotels we visited. As stated by others, the Riviera is not the MGM or the Mandaly Bay, but for the price paid, it was fine. The monorail was up and running and we caught a bus to go shopping. Get the all day bus pass for $5 and you can go up and down the strip all day. I was so relieved that everything went well after reading such nasty reviews.	
Jul 28 2004	good for the $$$$$$$	Have stayed at Fifteen hotels in Vegas. Of course The Riv is not &quot;elegant&quot; as some are. If you are only interested in a clean room, good food, and a handy spot. This is it! I would especially say ifyou want elegance upgrade your room and be pleasantly surprised.....Also , they take care of those who frequent the hotel. A free party at the &quot;top of the Riv&quot; was the nicest and fanciest timeI have attended. Not being a high roller, I sure was treated like one.......Loved my Ballagio but enjoyed my Riviera. and will return again.....Anne Tracy....	
Jul 26 2004	You get what you pay for	Remember you are staying at one of the old, unremodled hotels on the stip. If you want to stay at somewhere classy, don't stay here. I find if funny how people complain so much about the quality...did you think it was going to be nice when its one of the cheapest hotels on the strip??? Anyway, we had low expectations and that was good. My husband and I (both 25) booked the trip a week before July 4th, and this was the only reasonably priced place on the strip with rooms left. Don't eat there, don't see any of the shows...its basically a place to sleep and shower. We actually did go to the pool 2 of the days, and it was not crowded at all. We didn't get a lounge chair but spent the 5 bucks and got two rafts...watch out if you leave it alone for more than 5 seconds, twice someone grabbed my raft and started laying on it. I had to chase after them to get it back! Be careful if you are planning to take a cab to the airport to leave...we had to wait a 1/2 hour and the bell&quot;boy&quot; (he was like 80 years old) was horribly rude and slow. Have fun, remember you're in Vegas, you can go to any casino you want, it doesn't really matter where you stay!	
Jul 25 2004	Good Value Good Room 22-25 July 2004	Was plesed with everything, room was clean, hotel had a nice staff. I liked the location of the hotel. For the value price we got more than we could ask for. With the reveiws I read before we went I was worried. I have been to Vegas 10+ times and have stayed at all different price ranges, but the Riviera was more than I expected. The Buffet was excellent. I don't beleive alot of the reveiws after staying at the Riviera.	
Jul 24 2004	The Show You Cannot See	La Cage may have had potential, however, due to the newly designed seating set-up - the show was not seen! The eager show-seekers were rustled into the showroom and crowded into a row-by-row seat arrangement with no room to stand, stretch or breathe. As for the show itself, the view provided for the overpriced fee of $49.45 included an armpit and earlobe from the couple in front and the show itself was a peek in between the performers movements! This was a 2nd attempt to catch the show as the 1st was memorable - there will not be a 3rd.	
Jul 20 2004	Smells Like Vomit	Don't stay here. Save a couple more bucks and stay somewhere nicer, you won't regret it. Every time you walk through the casino, escpecially by the bar it smelled like the high school stuff they put on puke. Extremely bad when you walk by in the morning after a night out drinking.	
Jul 19 2004	suprisingly exceeded my expectations!	my gf and i lodged here from 7/1 through 7/5 (4th of july weekend-'04) and we were quite concerned after reading some of these sharp reviews prior to our arrival. upon arrival from the airport, we proceeded to the automated check-in kiosks after waiting only 10 minutes in line. it was quite easy to operate and also an enjoyable 21st century experience. behind the kiosks are front desk staff that are ready, willing, and able to assist at any time during the process. it was slightly busy on this thursday afternoon, but i was helped in a timely manner. i requested the clerk to place us in a renovated room and she was more than happy to do so. certainly one of the best decisions i made on this trip because it made a TREMENDOUS difference. the rooms more than exceeded our expectations and everything in there was very contemporary and well layed out. definetely worth the $61/night i paid on hotwire. i would say this room was better than other hotels i've stayed at, such as the sahara and even the tropicana. contrary to these reviews, my overall impression was positive and i would recommend this establishment to others. i guess we may have gotton lucky and caught them at a good time. yes it is a bit aged, however efforts are under way to upgrade. the pool was only ok because there was no hot tub...very disappointing! the restaurants and buffet were decent. my only complaint is the poor performance and quality of the shower heads. it made for such a difficult shower! the elevators were most efficient, smooth, and virtually flawless. check out was also manageable after a 15-20 min. wait. all in all, i must award the riviera proper credit and an above average score based on our experience there. i was more than happy to have my expectations exceeded and i'm confident you will experience the same. please feel free to contact me with any questions you might have. thank you!	
Jul 17 2004	Disapointed in service and cleanlyness	I visit Las Vegas once each year. I am researching for another trip in November and decided to check to see if the same complaints are being made now as they were when I stayed there in 2002. I found both good and bad experiences both times. It's like cookie cutter houses...It may not be a custom home but it's a home for an affordable price. Just like the Riviera is not like a new hotel but it doesn't charge like one either. They are providing a service comenserate with the price. However, the hotel should always solve a problem and not sweep it under a rug. When a room key opens a door and people have belongings in there is unexcusible and whoever is in charge should find out why this would happen and the new client should not be charged for their stay.	
Jul 17 2004	Not bad	&quot;The Riv&quot; has been around a while, and in some places it shows. But the hotel part of the property is kept in very good shape for its age. I saw a few minor signs of wear in the room, but it was clean and well-kept during my three-day-weekend stay. The casino is medium-sized, with a decent selection of popular slots and table games. Staff seemed reasonably friendly, though I really didn't have as much of a chance to interact with them as I typically would in a casino. Some things are typical Vegas-cheesy, like &quot;Crazy Girls.&quot; Some are ripoffs, like the &quot;guaranteed winner&quot; slot come-on deal. Fun book is freely available, and has some match-play and discount value. Good food court and video arcade. If you play a reasonable amount (enough to get some cash back), you'll get good promo rate offers through the mail. It's a good value for those of us who can't afford the stuff at the other end of The Strip.	
Jul 16 2004	NOT A GOOD EXPERIENCE	Only visited the casino and purchased tickets for LaCage show. The show was outstanding but the staff at the box office and casino would have to improve to be rated poor. These people need customer service training in the worst way. However, the people that worked in their various gift shops were wonderful. I would definitely recommend the show, but I'll never stay at their hotel nor spend another penny in the casino. Again, the show was TERRIFIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1	
Jul 16 2004	Not as bad as expected	As with some of the other reviews just before mine here, we were at the Riviera for a dance competition my daughter was in. We were there July 5th - 13th. We got there early on the 5th (probably 10am) - and we were told we couldn't check in until noon. That wasn't unexpected, since the normal check-in wasn't until 4pm. However, we walked back to the front desk around 11am and saw an extensive line already forming - so we joined it. They opened up for check-ins about 12:15 - and we were able to check-in at 12:30. I didn't understand why they didn't have more than 2-3 check-in agents available - considering the clerk told us they were expecting 800 check-ins that day! My Dad arrived at noon, and also had to wait an hour and a half. Once we were able to check in, our clerk was very friendly. I wanted to check-in with a &quot;person&quot; and not the kiosk - because I used the infamous &quot;$20 trick&quot; - and asked to be upgraded to the Monte Carlo tower - a non-smoking king with a rollaway. He gave us exactly what we asked for. (I knew from prior board browsing that the Monte Carlo was the best tower.) Our room was clean and spacious - and seemed to have been renovated fairly recently. They brought up our luggage within 5 minutes, and a rollaway followed within another 5 minutes. Kady's was ok (Denny's quality) but I thought overpriced for that quality. There were also times we had to wait even when there were empty tables. The buffet was bad. We tried it for one breakfast. There were a lot of uncleaned tables (seemed short-staffed), and food was mediocre at best. For the price, Kady's was better. Kristoffer's was good (great service). We liked Ristorante Italiano the best - great food and service (great atmosphere). The pool was nice and spacious BUT they need more shade there! We would get down there early to camp out under the palm trees near the Monaco tower. That way, we had shade until about 1pm. The casino was so-so. They didn't have enough table games. There was one $5 blackjack (always packed), one $5 with 6:5 (wouldn't play that) and one $10 - both times we tried to play. We played $10 once - but the dealer wasn't terribly friendly. I played roulette once - that dealer was fine. The casino smelled of smoke (but that's expected in an older, low-ceiling, casino). The convention facilities were fine - but it was a LONG walk back to the Royale ballroom! I wouldn't stay here again unless we had to for a convention. (We prefer other places we've been - like the Mirage and Caesar's.) The competition itself was great!	
Jul 11 2004	Nice Experience at the Riviera	Stayed with my family at the Riviera from July 4-10 during a national dance competition held at the hotel. Found the accommodations (2 standard rooms in the Mediterranean South tower) very satisfactory. The rooms were clean and comfortable and everything in the rooms worked well. Check-in was no problem and took all of 15 minutes. Check-out was even easier using the automated system on the TV in the rooms. We were mistakenly charged for usng the room safe in one room, but a phone call to the front desk at check-out time quickly led to a credit on our bill. We found all staff (front desk, room service, maid service, pool and restaurant staff) to be courteous and helpful. The food at Kady's Cafe was good and reasonably priced. The pool area was clean and spacious, and the water comfortably cool in the 100+ degee weather. The casino promotions were lame, and the fun book quite useless. Had a better time playing across the street at the Westward Ho and Slots o' Fun, with $2-3 blackjack, crap and roulette tables. Don't miss the 27 ounce Margaritas and Heinekens (99 cents each) at the Ho or the 1/2 lb. hotdogs for 99 cents at Slots o' Fun. Overall, our experience at the Riviera was a good one and we would definitely stay there again given the right circumstances. While not as luxurious as other places we've stayed (Caesars, Monte Carlo or Mandalay Bay), the Riviera was a good value for the price (we booked the trip through a Southwest Airlines Vacation package).	
Jul 10 2004	Will never stay at Riviera again	We made reservations to stay at the Riviera from July 5 til July 12 for a dance competition. When we found out my daughter needed to there earlier I e-mailed the hotel and they changed my dates to July 3 til July 10th. I also made sure I let them I would be arriving late. And I did arrive late at about 2 am. When I arrived to check in it was about a mile from the parking garage to the front desk. I proceeded to check in and was told they didn't have a 2 double bed room for us. At this point I didn't care and took a room with a king bed and was assured a roll away would be sent up, well that never happened. So myself and my sixty year old mother-in-law slept on the floor so the kids could at least get a good nights sleep. The next morning I went to the front desk to switch rooms and was assured a room for me was ready to move into. Well I went to this room and opened the door and looked inside to see other peoples belongings still in the room. I was so upset. I thought the room keys were all changed when people checkout. Do you really want someone walking in on you. So I proceeded back to the front desk and was told they can't help it if people check out of the room and don't leave. Does this make sense. So I got another room which was empty but wasn't cleaned yet which was fine. The room was your basic room without a coffee pot. But could use in dept cleaning splatters of food in some places windows were dirty. We had to call room maintenance because the air conditioning was not cool enough which was taken care of promptly. Hallways smelled like septic about every other day. Housekeeping did leave extra towels when we asked for them. Food court overall was filthy I was afraid to touch anything. I realize alot of people come and go in and out of the casino on a daily basis, but I work at a casino in connecticut and believe me it can be done. I guess you could say I will never stay at the Riviera and I will tell everyone I know who is going to Las Vegas not to stay there. And I also know of alot of other people who also were there for the competition will never stay there either.	
Jul 4 2004	Only if you have to...	It may have been something in it's day, but stay here if you can't find another hotel. La Cage was wonderful, and I would love to see it again. That was the only thing good about this hotel. We have stayed most places on the strip, and only wanted to stay here because we haven't.Now, we have, and never again!	
Jun 28 2004	Not a complainer but this was bad..	Our second time to Vegas we decided to stay closer to the stip so chose The Riv. Trying to find your way around from the parking garage is difficult. The hallways are very narrow and crowded. Our room was ok until I had to share my shower with roaches. The do it yourself check out didn't work. The buffett was bad, the booth we sat at was broken and the cushions were all torn. Christophers restaurant was the nicest place there. The pool was small and not unique. The employees got into a fight over who was working the &quot;towels&quot; and who was selling bottled water. Coming back from dinner one evening with a take out box, I tripped over a fold in the carpet (wasn't the only one and it wasn't the first time) dropped my box and food spilled on the carpet. 2 housekeeping employees were standing off to the side and started laughing. I started to clean up and asked about towels and they shrugged their shoulders and laughed. I was so upset that I left the mess and left the hotel. We stayed at the Stratosphere before and are booked there again. I don't complain if I don't spend alot of money, you get what you pay for and all, however this was really bad. We did not expect to be compensated for our troubles and we weren't surprised. Maybe you will have better luck, but I would rather try my luck at the casino rather than where I stay.	
Jun 26 2004	Riviera Great in our book!	Stayed at the Riviera from June 8th thru 12th. I had stayed there about 10 years ago and loved it, however was a little worried because of some of the reviews. First off, you do get what you pay for, so for 55.00 a night my expectations were not that high. Check-in was a breeze, used the automatic check-in, a very polite young lady was there to assist. The room was o.k, the hotel is old and it shows, but for the five or six hours a day we spent in the room it was fine. We go to las vegas to gamble, party, see the sights and enjoy the sun, not perform room inspections. As for the the time share solicitors, just say no and keep walking, if they get rude, get rude back. Only was bothered a couple of times. The restaurants in the Riviera are very conveniently located and the Food Court offers alot of variety for food on the go. Didn't gamble alot there, we like the low table rates at Slots of Fun and Westward Ho. Went to the Comedy Show, was excellent and a good price as we had a two for one coupon. This hotel is in a great location and met all of our needs. We go to Vegas at least once a year, have stayed at many different places and will definitely stay at the Riviera again. As for all the bad reviews, these people obviously spend alot of time in their rooms and expect to be treated by staff members like they are at the Ritz. This is a no nonsense hotel, meets basic needs and is close to alot of fun things and places in Vegas. Oh and the pool is nice too, it is large, chairs were readily available and we didn't have to walk a mile from our room to get there.	
Jun 20 2004	check in blues	My husband and I stayed here recently for a business conference. The check-in line was two hours long with no apologies or comps offered. The rooms were like a cheap motel from the 1960's. A very shabby old Las Vegas property that should be torn down. I'm certain this group will not book a conference there again. Our companies were charged top dollar for these worn and tired rooms and poor service.	
Jun 14 2004	Hotel stinks very rude service doorman tries to cheat	This is the absolute worst hotel on the strip. Like the other reviewers said, the hotel staff are terrible. They treat you like crap if you ask for anything like even a toothbrush. The doorman tried to cheat us into taking an expensive limo to the airport. He actually lied to us about how long it would take to get to the airport. Called room service and they were extraordinarily rude. The hotel smells like a whorehouse. Also it is a bit too far from the center of trip or hotels like New York, New York. Incidentally I got this hotel via a Southwest airlines vacation deal. I wonder why a reputed airline like Southwest would have an arrangement with such a crappy hotel. Trust the other reviews here. Don't be silly like me and believe it will be a better experience for you. I've stayed in many hotels - this one is definitely the worst.	
Jun 14 2004	Good Time!!!!!	Stayed at the Riviera for my son's 21st birthday. Had a really good time. The rooms were clean. The food was good. The gambling was excellent. I think people who write bad reviews are normal complainers all the time!!! The only thing that I didn't like about the hotel is the way you check-in. Other wise this hotel is a plesant place to stay.	
Jun 14 2004	Great Trip	 The hotel was clean and the service great, we saw the comady show and also Splash they were both excellent, Splash has to be one of the best shows I have ever seen, the size of the casino makes it not over crowded and leaves you with plenty of oppertunity to have some fun, stayed for 7 days and the room was cleaned good everyday. Food was also good with plenty to chose from. Priced right for a working class person. We will stay everytime we are in Vegas, games like to pay-out also..	
Jun 8 2004	Not Nice	I have just returned from Las Vegas and stayed at the Riviera Hotel - what a bad mistake that was. Check in was a complete nightmare. You are supposed to check in electronically but the screens never work and the staff are very indifferent. Rooms were clean and adequate, nice size but very dated. Buffet was mediocre, food was lukewarm and unappetising. Ate there only twice and that was enough. There is a lovely place next door called the Peppermill and we ate mostly in there. Also there was nowhere to sit down, unless at a fruit machine. They had only two bars (both sit up bars) - no lounge to relax and have a quiet drink. There is no free entertainment here either. Most other hotels provide some sort of entertainment in lounge bars. We spent most of our time at the Stardust across the road. They have a lovely quiet lounge bar and also a free enterainment lounge every night. Considering it is the same price range of hotel - it won hands down over the Riviera. On checking out we were informed that we had to pay £3.48 per day for electricity. Can you believe it!! I objected and said none of the other hotels were doing this and she said &quot;they all must have increased their prices instead&quot;. I think I would rather know beforehand. All in all I would not recommend the Riveria to anyone. Las Vegas itself on the other hand is a fabulous place and we enjoyed our holiday immensely. The hotel did not spoil our holiday as, in the end, we only slept there. Please go to Las Vegas - you'll love it	
Jun 8 2004	Its Ok for us	We've been staying at this hotel for many years, and also got married there 9 years ago. Yes, for the &quot;picky&quot; traveller who is going to spend all there time in their room, they probably wouldn't like it, but for somewhere inexpensive to stay, just for a place to lay your head for a few hours its great. We have never had any problems and were there the end of May, and are going back in July. If you want the plushness of a newer hotel, the be prepared to pay the prices for that too. If you just want a place to rest, then this is the place for you.	
Jun 4 2004	Riviera hotel petite suite...perfect!!	Well..after reading many reviews on the Riviera.. I was quite concerned about what kind of room wewould get...we ended up in the monaco tower inwhat they call a petite suite, well the room wasgreat, tons of room, wet bar, fridge, 2 air conditioners!! The shower nozzle was above myhead, good water pressure and lots of hot water.not like some other hotels in vegas,. we had a kingsize murphy bed...you know the kind that pushesup into a closet.. deal out of the way..this reallymade the room huge..which helped as we had alot of people come up between matches, ( I was playing in the BCA National 8-ball team champ-ionship May 2004). We were given a non smokingroom and it truely was a non smoking room...nosmell of any kind...the room was spotless....I wouldrecommend this to anyone....I will be back here next May	
Jun 1 2004	This place STINKS (literally)	All you need to do is walk in off the street, and you are overwhelmed by the stench of this old place. The casino has a various array of bodily odors that turn your stomach, as do the hallways and rooms. The check-in &amp; check-out process are a nightmare. They treat you like cattle, and not customers. The maid for my room, and every other staff member that I came in contact with were absolutely rude and nasty. The bed linens and bedspreads had stains on them, and there were various stains on carpeting and furnishings. Even the taxi drivers seemed to stay away from this place - I stood in line for 20 minutes, and not a single taxi cab came into the bowels of the building to pick anyone up - I ended up carpooling with several others in a limo to make sure I made it to my destination on time. Kady's Restaurant was one of the few redeeming features of this place. Other than that, not much else good to say about the place. Needless to say, I will never stay in this hotel again (not until they implode it and build new). Stratosphere or Stardust are much better deals for similar money.	
Jun 1 2004	Buffet Blues	Having eaten at this buffet several times....I was quite prepared for the standard fare but found myself let down twice this weekend. Though it is memorial day weekend and quite busy.....most establishments found themselves quite stocked for their needs. I am told that Riviera didn't have Champagne for their Champagne Brunch( though they sure did charge me for it without a damned problem) and wouldn't offer a refund. They just explained to me they were out of Champagne and never even addressed my question of why this wasn't told to me before I even paid. Horrible.Then Monday Morning( this AM ) in the buffet, I went and paid their fee to find HALF the normal late night/ early morning fare and despite a well meaning and jovial chef who offerred steak and omelettes, the cute litte waitress who appeared promptly at my table when I sat down disappeared for about 30 minutes so I had only one cup of coffee and one cup of soda. I would have just helped myself but didn't know where to go. When another couple became tired of waiting, they flagged down a woman mopping the floors who spent 5 minutes hollering across the restaurant to staff who spent their time laughing and joking and playing with their hair( At THIS point I couldnt take it any longer) and walked out. I hate to say it, but this may have been the VERY last time going to this restaurant. I was so dissapointed given the level of service I had had in previous trips.Riv, you really are losing it.	
May 30 2004	Needs to be demolished	This is probably one of the worst hotels on the strip,Check-in was a nightmare waited 2 hrs, if you get a room in the wrong tower it is old and everything is worn out, I heard there food was bad, so we didn't eat there until our last morning we were scared to venture to far because we had a plane to catch, paid $9.99 for breakfast, I don't see how they can live with there self charging that much for that puke. I would never stay here again, do yourself a favor and stay downtown at the nugget, thats where the fun is at is downtown, unless your loaded don't even go to places like the Venetian, they only cater to people with lots of $$$$$. have a good time and enjoy. OH yeah you want a good buffet the best is Main street Station downton, it is out of this world. 	
May 28 2004	Great time	Visited Vegas 5/23 thru 5/27/04. Took family for our son's 21st birthday! Stayed at the Rivieria and it was wonderful!!! Rooms were clean, service was good, employees answered questions, helped and accomodated anything that was asked! Long line at check in was intimidating but moved very quickly! Toured the city and always went back to our area by the Riveria. The area of the strip by the MGM, New York New York et al is very, very crowd and congested. There were however several conventions in town as wel as the County Music Awards that week. All in all, I would go again and stay at the Riveria!	
May 25 2004	The worst Hotel in Vegas	I have been to Vegas numorous times, from the moment I walked in this place, I knew it wasnt going to be good. I get to the front desk to check in and the people are very rude. I had to snap back at them a few times to let them know I was the customer here. The room was nasty, I dont think they have bought new bed spreads in 40 years. Every where we went in this hotel the staff were very rude, even at the comedy club. It would be well worth the extra $ to stay at a little nicer hotel were the employees treat you like your on vacation. My personal favorite is Mandalay Bay	
May 19 2004	Must have changed a lot!	The Riviera must have changed a hell of a lot in the last few years! We stayed there {&amp; married from there}, found the service excellent, nothing was too much bother for the staff. Rooms were clean, comfortable &amp; reasonably priced. Food was pretty good. Would definitely stay again.	
May 17 2004	What is with all the complaints?	My husband and I just got back from a Las Vegas honeymoon. I had booked us a really inexpensive package deal that included a room at the Riviera, and I must admit that I was a little scared after reading some of these reviews. What is all the complaining about? We got there about 11 at night and our room wasn't available, so they put us up in a huge suite for the night and didn't charge us anything extra. The suite was gorgeous! Huge whirlpool tub, walk-in shower, two bathrooms -- just gorgeous. Our actual room -- king sized bed, eating area, nice bathroom. No faded accessories, no problems with the carpeting or the lighting. It's a hotel. Think about all you are getting for the price! Alot of people have also complained about the time share people --- guess what - they are everywhere! They are in all of the hotel/casinos, and also on the street; it's part and parcel of being in Vegas. Just don't speak to them. Simple as that. All in all it was a great trip. My feet are still hurting -- bring some comfy shoes -- but it is a great place to visit. And if we go back we will definitely consider the Riviera again. 	
May 13 2004	stayed at the "Riv"	We just got back from Las Vegas. Stayed at the Riviera. Hotel was clean and neat. Toilet made a squeaking noise (like a car's brakes) when flushed. Staff was polite and courteous. Food was very good.  I needed to iron my husband's dress shirt and the iron didn't work. I called housekeeping and they sent up another iron. That one didn't work either. I called again, and finally got one that worked. The guy that brought it up said, &quot;I tested this one to make sure it works.&quot; I thought they should have tested the first one.Most hotels of this price include a coffee maker and complimentary coffee. Not included here. (I think they want you to call room service to get coffee)Overall, hotel amenities were on a par with Holiday Inn.	
May 10 2004	Great room trip was not.	The wife and I stayed at the Riv. from may 6th through the 9th. We arrived to the hotel about 3:30 in the afternoon and were expecting a long line at check in, but there was only about 15 people, which turned into a 10 minute wait. There was a guy making sure the line was moving along and helping with the people who couldn't figure out the touch screen check-in. I asked him how I was supposed to ask the computer for an upgrade. He instantly called one of the counter people aside, and after only 5 minutes and a $20 bill, we were set up with 2 bedroom suite. The room was awsome. Super clean, did not smell of smoke, huge shower, and the best bed and pillows I've ever had had in a hotel. The reasons I will not give the Riv a perfect rating is because of the casino. Very low ceilings = very smoky. The gambling was awful too. However, we played all over town and had no luck at all. There was never a time for the three days that we could have cashed out and been ahead for any particular session. By far the worst gambling weekend ever. The only little bit of luck we had was playing VP in nickletown. Still lost but at least we were able to play for a while and get a few drinks. As far as the rest of the hotel: the pool is basic, but nice. Kady's was just average at best for a coffee shop. The food court serves a purpose if you want to eat cheap. We also took in the comedy show on friday. They pack the people in like sardines and don't have any drink service inside the club. The timeshare people aren't a problem if you don't talk to them. Overall our trip kind of sucked because of the tight gambling but we couldn't have been more pleased with our room and the friendly Riviera staff. We will stay here again.	
May 10 2004	good food average everywhere else	I agree with the May 3rd review on the check-in. We found the check-in clerks to be rude and unwelcoming. Check-out was ok, but besides the surcharge - ANY - and I mean ANY phone call (except room to room) costs a fortune. The buffet was excellent, Kady's was ok but expensive for the type of dining it offers. The Italian restaurant was excellent, both in quality of food and service. This is an old hotel and requires a lot of walking due to additions, etc. The maid service is slow, but efficient. The rooms are fine for the rate - clean but not fancy. For the price, go to the Imperial Palace. Same type hotel, but center strip and easier to find your way around in.	
May 3 2004	I will not stay here again!	I have stayed at a few places while vacationing in Vegas. This was the first time and the last at the Riviera. Check in was impossible - I was instructed to use the automated and had to change my room because it was booked incorrectly - major attitude from the clerk behind the desk - eventually the room was changed. After walking five minutes to the room - not including the 5 minute wait by the elevator - I discovered it only to be adaquate. The bedspread on one of the beds had a large worn area in it, you would think a hotel of this size could afford new bedspreads. Listed in the amenities were iron/ironing boards. If you need to use an iron, plan on ironing all your things at once, becuase when I called to get one, I was told that I had two hours and she would be picking it up, which of course, they didn't. I would think that for what they charge per night, even on a deal, they could also afford to obtain small coffee pots for each room. I just loved getting up in the morning, getting dressed to get a cup of coffee, of course, I could have used room service, but I could not see paying over $7.00 for coffee in a hotel like this. Check out wasn't any better. I prepaid this and still had charges of $11.43 for energy.	
May 1 2004	Excellent	First trip to Vegas i stayed here. At first i must admit i wished i'd booked into one of the newer trendier hotels. By my second day i knew i had made the right choice and would definately stay again. The newer hotels are major tourist attractions and i would have hated that. The Riviera is an older lady but very full of charm. The location is ONE OF THE BEST ON THE STRIP for visiting all the attractions on offer. The Casino was marvellous and the shows top rated. Although there is buzz 24 7 in the hotel i never heard a thing once in the privacy of my room, which was excellent and very well equiped. Eating in the hotel was great but hey eating anywhere in America is great. I'd re-visit. APlus	
Apr 14 2004	Hot Slots!	I did not stay at the Riv this year but did spend time in the casino. I probably had three sessions over three days and I won money each time. The dollar slots were hot. One of the slot personnel suggested that I play a progressive machine since it had been hitting lately. But I kept on playing my Double Diamond machine for a few minutes.....and it hit for $600! (Good thing I didn't take her advice!)Certain other machines were hitting for smaller values but it kept me on the plus side for my trip!I will return!	
Apr 13 2004	my new home in VEGAS !!!!	Vegas vacation for 5 days got back 4/12. Booked the Hotel b4 looking at the reviews, I thought was a bad thing upon reading some of the reviews &amp; ratings.But when I got there it was the best hotel room I've ever stayed in. It was also a good deal,and the view I could see the strip &amp; mountains atleast the top of the hotels,it was lights everywhere. The room was standred and it had a large tub,the only problem was the 19 inch tv...lol.The tower I stayed in 2714 I don't know the name but I could see the pool and the south of the strip and the new hotel they're building.Damn good view, better then the room I had at the maraige a year ago.Check in was a breeze, we got there a 11pm so there was no wait. Useing the computer was cool to check in the front desk was there to help if we had a problem. No bad smell or nothing..the only thing it always smelled like steak. Had no problem with that cause it just made me hungry and i love steak..lol. I would recomend this hotel to everyone it was a really nice one . DON'T LET THESE PEOPLE SCARE YOU THE HOTEL IS NICE.	
Apr 12 2004	No Problems at all !!	This is the second time we have stayed here April 8 -11th, 2004, and we have had no problems whatsoever. We had originally booked a non-smoking king bed room and upon arrival, they informed us that they only had smoking !! Asked if they could give us a pool view, she said she would check and the next thing we knew she had upgraded us to a mini-suite overlooking the pool, king bed, mini bar, etc.... it was great... the bottom line is &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;, we do not want to pay for a room for $200 and up in Las Vegas.... we loved our rooms both time, great pool, we had invited friends from california, who had never stayed there and they agreed for the price you cant beat it... 99cent margaritas and draft beer, nickel town , great casino, the dinner buffet was great on saturday night, busy !! we had rented a car and went to various casinos/restaurants to eat..... we enjoyed Stardust dinner buffet.... and loved Fremont street at night, we had so much fun.... but the BOTTOM LINE is if you intend to spend your money on hotel rooms in which you only sleep in then go and enjoy spending the big bucks!! but if you want a great room with a GREAT pool, casino, and the chance to visit elsewhere then stay at the Riviera,..... you wont be disappointed....	
Apr 10 2004	Worst Hotel Ever	I have travelled a great deal and this is by far the worst hotel I have EVER stayed in. I don't know what the other reviewers were talking about......The casino reeks of cigarette smoke and you can't get away from it (I had a headache for my entire stay), the food is average quality but overpriced and the rooms are lack luster. My friend had mold growing around her sink! All 5 people I travelled with developed some type of ailment, from headaches to sore throat and cough. If you want a low quality hotel with average food and enough second hand smoke to kill you, this is your place!	
Apr 3 2004	A most enjoyable experience	My wife and I stayed at the Riviera for a week leading up to the St Valentines weekend this year. Having read some of the reviews here I was a bit worried about what we were letting ourselves in for.We arrived at around 9.30 on the evening of Friday 6th February. There were no queues at the check-in and whilst being unfamiliar with the automated check-in system, there were staff on hand to advise when required. We were put in the Monte Carlo Tower at the rear of the block, which was a 5-minute walk from the main casino area. Our room was clean and tidy with all the amenities working.A couple of days into our stay we were awoken in the morning by drilling emanating form an adjacent room. We questioned this with the check-in desk only to be told that our floor was in the process of being refurbished. However we were immediately offered an up grade to a junior suite (which we accepted) and our stay was otherwise trouble free.We particularly liked the buffet breakfast, which at $8.99 is a bit more than we have experienced elsewhere on our visits to the US. We did try the buffet across the road at Circus Circus one morning as it was a dollar cheaper, but I didn' t think it was as good (no steaks).Apart from checking in &amp; out we had little dealings with the staff as we spent most of our time away looking at the other casinos.This was our first visit to Las Vegas and my wife was surprised by what was available. We felt that we did not have enough time there as there were some casinos we did not visit. However, we would stay at the Riviera again.A few useful pointers. Our taxi from the airport cost twice as much as it did going to the airport. If your planning on going up and down the strip, get a 24 hour bus ticket for $5. It works out cheaper if you intend to make more than 3 trips in the time. Do the night helicopter trip over the strip Â itÂ s amazing! Do the helicopter trip to the Grand Canyon. We took the plane, it was very turbulent and you donÂ t get inside the canyon.Most of all, enjoy the experience and if you gamble good luck!	
Mar 28 2004	It was a great value	 I went on a vacation with three other couples who all stayed at the Rivera. We all had petite suites. Our rooms were clean, the buffet was good, and the atmosphere was better then I expected. Check in was a major hassle with long lines but if I could get a cheap deal again I would stay there. I go to vegas several times a year. After reading the reviews I was scared but our experience was great. Crazy girls was a great show too. 	
Mar 28 2004	just ok	The room was ok it was clean enough the view was not so good as all we could see was the air conditioning units.	
Mar 25 2004	Good Value and price	We stayed at the Riviera from March 19-22, 2004. Check-in was either self-serve using the computer or talking to someone behind the desk. At check-in there was a 5-6 minute wait. We had a upgrade for a petite suite, but was told there were none available. We then asked for a deluxe room instead of a standard room. We were on the 20th floor in the Monaco Tower overlooking the pool and could see down the strip to Treasure Island. Nice View!! We were in Vegas for a wedding at the Monte Carlo, so we did not spend much time at the hotel. The best way to get up and down the strip was using the bus. A ticket for 24 hours of use cost 5.00. It was slow, making stops and lots of traffic, but its better than walking. We did not do much gambling but enjoyed the casino. On Monday, we were eating breakfast in the buffet and the smoke alarms started going off. We were told to leave at once and no one panicked. The staff was very professional and cleared everyone out. The fire was in the casino area, where an AC unit started smoking and overheated. 7 firetrucks, 1 ambulance, and 3 TV crews responded. We were given the all clear and went back to finish breakfast. Everyone was well prepared. The pool was good size, but did not use, plenty of lawn chairs also. Check-out can be done using your TV or going to the lobby. Took 2 minutes. We wanted to stay past 12:00 checkout but the hotel was full. (Did not seem that way.) We did not leave for the airport until 2:00pm, so you can leave your luggage with the bellhop. He was rude that I did not get in line to wait for help and I was the only person outside at the time!!! I walked up to the desk and stood there. He said next time to stand in line and wait. Weather was in the upper 80's to 90. We used the Showtime tours to get from the airport to the hotel and back. 9.00 round trip. Over-all we had a clean room and good water pressure in the shower. Elevators are FAST! The only time we ate at the Riviera was breakfast and .99 hot dogs and shrimp cocktails. There were plenty of waitresses to get you drinks while gambling. Any questions, e-mail me, Jeff	
Feb 25 2004	Not for that price	This was my first time in vegas and I had no idea where to stay on the strip or how far everything was from each other. I stayed at the Riviera from 16-19 Feb04, and for almost $60 a night, no way, never again. I would rather pay $10/$20 more and go stay on the centre strip. Check-in is just awefull, oh my gosh, it was all computerised with a staff personnel standing behinding the counter, what her purpose was i dont know. that is the last thing you need after a whole,long day of flying. The room was very very standard, thank goodness we only used it to sleep and shower. we were on the go the whole time. The staff aint pleasant at all except those bugging you cause they want to sell/offer you something. Our view was of the stratosphere and a small part of the circus circus. Plus we wanted to use the spa facilities which they list as hotel amenities on the internet but you have to pay $15 to use it, apparently it isnt part of the hotel. Personally for me it was to far from all the action, it was almost right at the end of the strip and its a $10 cab ride one way to the centre strip, as for vegas and the centre strip, I loved it. Its everything you would imagine vegas to be, its so overwhelming. so much to do and see, i needed another week there. Must see, would be Club studio 54 in mgm, awesome, fountain at Bellagio, volcano at Mirage. the atmosphere and people are terrific. All I can say is if you need to pay that little extra for service or quality, its worth it. We went to see most of the hotels and Tropicana, Luxor, Excalibur, Aladdin etc, are all above average, same range and a great location. At least now i know for next time, and there is gonna be a next time. Absolutely Loved Vegas!!!!!!	
Feb 18 2004	riviera great in my book	we stayed at the riviera for 3 nights feb9-12 2004 we loved it we went with another couple staff was very cordial they made you feel welcome rooms were clean they gave us side by side rooms we had a little problem with the heater but they fixed that right away pit boss and dealers were great especially willie&amp;john also enjoyed jay white as neil diamond great show but a bit short i am just glad that we went and did not change our mind after reading some negative reviews it not the venetian but for the money it can't be beat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 29 2004	SURPRISED	After reading some of the reviews, I was afraid that we had made a bad choice. However, it was a nice surprise. Check in was fast and easy; our rooms were nice and clean; the elevator was extremely fast; and the hotel in general was fine. It is not a high dollar hotel by no means, but for the price it was fine. We did not gamble very much there because we wanted to play poker and did not find poker tables. It is a distance from some areas. However, we could just walk across the street to see Wayne Newton. The parking area was close and easy to get to. We always came back to find our room had been cleaned and ready for us. Overall not a bad deal at all.	
Jan 27 2004	Energy surcharge Walk a mile to your room	Our package price turned out to be an additional charge (energy) of approximately $22.00. Sure, there was a sign at the check-in about the surcharge, but it was 1:00 AM, and aftera flight of 4 hours, we were bleary eyed. The walk from the check-in to our room seemed like a mile. Out the south entrance, past the pool, into the Monaco Tower, to the elevator, and then to the room. Never again.	
Jan 21 2004	lousy customer service	I stayed at the Riveria twice (guess I'm dum didn't learn my lesson) my stay was for 7 days 6 nights on the 5th night I heard someone at my door there was a couple standing outside indicating they were assigned my room. Immediately went downstairs to see what happened the desk clerk and the manager on duty told me &quot;too bad your reservation was for 5 days 4 nights I told him that was wrong but he said &quot;can't help you there is a convention in town and you will have to check out in the morning mad as hell got up the next morning checked no compromise, no excuses, management told me the women who took my reservations screwed up but because I did not check my confirmation it was my fault!! When I got home wrote a letter got 4 free nights to make up for what happened??? the room was crap dirty carpet stale cigarette smoke and dingy towels NEVER AGAIN WILL I STAY AT THE RIVERIA I WILL SLEEP WITH THE HOMELESS FIRST!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 17 2004	just ok	I was very disapointed with the helpfulnes and friendliness of the front desk staff upon check in and check out. I will not be staying there again because of this reason!The rooms where ok for the price we paid( free for the time share pkg.) I was glad to be leaving after the third day.The best spot was Juan in the buffet, if everyone was as pleasant and proficient it would be a great place to stay! Thank you Juan!!!!	
Jan 13 2004	Good Value	The room and bathroom were clean and reasonably spacious.Maid service couldn't be faulted.Check in and out were excellent taking 5 mins to check in and check out via tv.Slots were uncrowded with drinks available from friendly waitresses.Bar tenders were very chatty and knowledgeable about places to go.Takeaway food court was very good offering a varied range.Breakfast brunch Buffet was okay ,but not as good as the Sahara(bit crowded too).Lifts were good and never had to wait more than a few seconds.The heaters in the room were very poor(you don't expect snow in vegas even in December!).All in all would stay here again ,its cheap and cheerful.	
Jan 5 2004	The valet parking sucks	I just got back last Monday from a quick trip to Vegas. While we were there, we went to the Riviera to gamble a bit and see the La Cage show. I found the casino to be okay, the show not worth the $53 it cost to see it, and worst of all, the valet parking was horrible. When we came out of our show, at the same time the show Splash let out, there were many people waiting for their cars. My sister had accidentally thrown away her valet parking ticket, and the attendant PUNISHSED us for not having the ticket by making us wait outdoors in the cold wind for at least 45 minutes until he had retrieved every single car and there were no more customers. His demeanor was unprofessional, disrespectful and rude. My advice is not to use the valet parking at the Riviera!	
Jan 4 2004	sewage "the riv" and you	Let's be honest. People stay at the riviera because it's cheap and technically it's still on the strip. So my complaints may be petty but are still warranted.Complaint number one: The place is in major need of a renvation from top to bottom. 40 years ago the place was probaly a 3* hotel but now you feel as if you stepped back in time with ugly carpets, drapes and waitresses. Complaint number two: The funny musty smell in my room from the second i walked into it. Then expieienceing it's metamorphosis into the smell of RAW SEWAGE. A slight sewage smell but a smell none the less. I think it was coming from the bathroom. Speaking of the bathroom (and we could for days) it too had other smells as well. The tub was moldy and the mold was actually visable. Complaint number 4 or 5 (whose counting anyway) was the fact that the heater didn't work and it was about 40 degrees in the room. I went in january and the outside temps were in the 30's. so the room got cold. When i turned on the heat the musty dust filled bucket of pbroken parts spurted out cold air for about a half hour before heating up to a blistering 40 degrees. Final complaint: The leak from the ceiling put a cap on the riviera experience fo me. For some reason the ceiling above the heater and window beagan to leak. This was just a place to flop at night for me so i really didn't care. Apparently neither did anyone else. The maid cleaned my room that day nd fixed the leaky problem. She put a fresh dry washcloth under it as it dripped. Problem solved why didn't i think of that.  The riviera is cheap and if your not picky then stay their but if you can afford another 25 per person a night then stay at treasure island. I will next time. I went to vegas 12/29 to 1/3 2003. New Years in vegas is something everyone in should do. Pay the money for a hotel party somewhere. it's worth the bucks because. A: the don't let anyone who is not a guest into the big casino's on new years. and B: The strip is cold and packed with low lifes.	
Jan 4 2004	Not bad	I've stayed here with friends a few times. An older hotel/casino but well-kept. Clean. and Cheap compared to comparable hotels. If you're on a budget, this place is often featured in those &quot;travel packages&quot;. Good deal.Right across the street from Slot O Fun and other cheaper gambling spots (and $1 foot long hot dogs!) You laugh about the hot dogs -- but at 3am, and totally blitzed, these dogs hit the spot.This hotel/casino is pretty north of the bellagio, etc (about a 1/2 hour walk). But its one of the few cheap rooms that are actually clean and well kept.	
Jan 1 2004	Riviera Stay	After flying from our weeks stay in San Francisco we flew to Las Vegas to stay at the Rivera Hotel &amp; Casino for Christmas week.The hotel is huge with over 2000 rooms, first impressions were good. Depending on the type of room you stay in - the standard rooms are clean and quite large for a standard room accomodating a kingsize bed, TV with pay per view movies and a small table with two chairs and a full size ironing board with iron. There was plenty draws space and a sufficent wardrobe space. There is a gym located in the South Tower on the 12th Floor where you can get a steam, gym use and sauna for $15.00, and the facilites are very good.The hotel has a Buffet for Breakfast lunch and dinner. The dinner buffets we OK, but could have offered more non meat products as my partner was a Vegan. Las Vegas is unfriendly when it come to catering for Vegan or Vegetarian eaters. Unless you go to a Chinese or Indian Restuarant you won't find anything in the hotel food courts.The hotel Food Court offers Chinese meals, Sandwiches, Burger King and a Mexican Food, along with a Icecream and Coffee parlour. The outside sign says 24hrs but closes at 12.00 midnight.There is also &quot;Kadys Steak House&quot; which is open 24 hrs offering steaks and other breakfast items and a Italian Resturant and &quot;50's style hot dog dinner. Staff are friendly and helpful - but be careful when asking for directions, as the streets of Las Vegas go on forever and you might find yourself walking more than 2 miles (as we found out), before you reach your desitination. The local CAT transport bus service runs outside the hotel bus no 301 - that takes you right to the top of the strip and further on to the bus depot, where you can transfer to the bus that takes you to the Las Vegas Outlet Centre offering a good selection of factory shops selling clothes shoes, jewellery etc. Fares on the buses are $2 per trip, where ever you go. We got a $5.00 24 pass which is much better and saves you money.The hotel has a constantly busy casino with fellow Americans who travel from other states to gamble away their cash from dusk to dawn - as with every other hotel. There are regulary shows at the hotel too. The swiminging pool is closed during winter months (but considering the amount of rooms the hotel accomodates its not very large). The only downfall with the hotel is that you have to pay an Engery Surcharge - we we charged $3.26 per day, per couple. The hotel state the charge is due to increase electricty costs. In my opinion this is unacceptable as electiricy costs should obviously be included in your rooms charges. - &quot;One catch to watch out for&quot;.Overall the hotel is in a good location across the road from Circus Circus and in North End of the strip. Towards the South end are Luxor, Mandlay Bay, and New York New York and many other hotels which welcome guests from all hotels to see their shows and outside themes.	
Dec 16 2003	I was scared for no reason...	I just returned from a weekend in Vegas and I stayed at the Riviera. After reading the reviews here, I was TERRIFIED. Well, I don't know what people were complaining about. I saw NOBODY trying to sell time shares. I smelled NO mold or mildew. Check-in and check-out were both quick and easy. the room was fine. The buffet was fine. The coffee shop was fine. The casino was fine. The employees were ALL very nice - the blackjack dealers were a little sassy, but I like that.All in all, it was a perfectly pleasant place to stay. Then, factor in the fact that I only had to pay $25 A NIGHT for a Friday and Saturday night, and I think I got a fantastic deal.The Riviera is not fancy. It's not supposed to be and it doesn't pretend to be. If you want fancy, go someplace else. The Riviera is a reasonably nice, comfortable, clean, pleasant place to stay in Vegas at a great price. Good for them!	
Dec 9 2003	Older Hotels Are The Best!!!!	You people who do not care for the Riv. Hotel are not looking at the big picture. Who goes to Las Vegas to spend all the time in the room.? You go to see the shows and eat and gamble and see the sites. I have been going to the Riv. for several years and I think I will continue for years to come. They keep the rates down so low who can help but visit them. They do this for you.! I have more money to gamble with...YEAH!!.. The Hotel has alot of history and can you imagine the stars that have passed through those hallways over time.!!!!!!!!!!!! I have never had any problems with the staff. They all seemed well trained in the jobs assigned to them. Very polite and ready to assist. The carpet is a little old and the rooms are a little outdated, but they are still nice and clean. So you want the carpet changed and all the rooms re-done, well be prepared to pay a higher price for the stay you have in mind. They (The Riv.) stay affordable for all the guests that continue to come back. I am one of them. If you want the glitz and glamor and the marble and all that stuff, go ahead and go to the south end of the strip and pay double or triple for the same bed. The RIV. HOTEL is a great place to stay and I am one who will return time and again.	
Dec 1 2003	First Trip To Vegas...Had a super time	We arrived thanksgiving day and left Sunday morning...Check in was very quick(less than ten minutes)...Had a very nice stay. The rooms were very nice and clean... We stayed in the Monaco Tower...We ate in the buffet two times and the food was super...We even ate at Kristoffers...the food was excellent but a little pricey...They have a very nice casino...played blackjack and did pretty good...My only complaint would be trying to walk different places,,,I would advise you to take a taxi.(mostly under 10 to 15 dollars including the tip for the driver)..Casinos look a lot closer than what they really are...Also rent a car and see Red Rock Canyon...It is beautiful...We got out at the first scenic stop and walked out on the rocks...We even seen a rattlesnake that my husband almost stepped on....That was his most exciting part of the trip there....Ha Ha Ha....Next we stopped and walked up to the wild burros which was pretty cool...All in all we had a fantastic first trip to Las Vegas and I would stay at the Riv again...	
Nov 18 2003	Wrecking Ball can't come too soon	I stayed here Fri 11/14 thru Sun 11/16. The price I paid certainly was less than anything else on the strip in Vegas for this weekend. But, the rule &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; absolutely applies in this case and there's not much to write home about here.&quot;The Riv&quot; was once considered a glamorous, swinging place in the first 40 years or so of existence, but it is now an old, tired, dirty, ugly, smelly, depressing eyesore. It's located in the older, uglier &quot;low roller&quot; section of the North strip among other old school casinos that have been renovated perhaps more recently and successfully: Stardust, Frontier, Sahara, Circus Circus, Westward Ho, etc. It's quite a hike to the more glamorous and exciting Center and South Strip locations and the time share and prostitute pamphlet hawkers you must navigate along the way are quite annoying.uNow to my experience at the Riviera... I arrived around Noon to a very confusing lobby area swarming with guests checking out. I stood in line for quite a while and when it came my turn to speak to the desk clerk she coldly told me I could &quot;try&quot; to check in now at one of the automated terminals otherwise I could come back at 4:00. The automated terminal got the job done, but obviously there's no chance to ask for bedding or smoking changes, certainly not a possible upgrade. I was assigned a 2 bedded non smoking room in the Monaco tower. This is one of 4 towers built at various times over the past 40-50 years and is located at the far rear of the property. It's quite a hike through several doors and outside past the pool area. I was assigned a room on the 4th floor with a view of the parking garage, casino roof and a back entrance below. If I looked further past that I could partially see the Stratosphere Tower and Sahara at night. I was immediately repulsed upon entering the room (well actually after stepping off the elevator). The room was musky smelling, claustrophobic tiny with horrible carpet, drapes and linens. My guess is they probably are original to this building when it was built in the 70s. There was a very loud and smelly a/c unit under the window, a small safe that could be used for a fee and a very small TV with limited channels. A table and two ugly, uncomfortable and out of proportion chairs were jammed in between the closet and the TV. I then ventured to the bathroom to find a strong smell of mildew, with a horrible beige colored fiberglass tub with stains and a beige sink and toilet to match. The vanity was a bad faux dark brown marble that has lost all shine and texture over the years. The sink also leaked from the sides so that it would wet your clothes if you stand close and didn't put a towel around it. Later when I tried to get some sleep I discovered that the double beds were apparently shorter than normal. I'd say they're 6' long at most as I'm 6'3&quot; and my feet hung off the end even if I slept sideways. The mattresses were lumpy, super soft and topped off by the smallest, worst excuses for pillows I've ever seen. Finally, I could hear lots of noise all night long as cars pulled in and out of the valet and people were coming and going through the back entrance, including lots of very vocal Marines who were there for some sort of a formal ball that weekend.All I can say is if you only need a place to place your bags, stay up all night and try to take a very quick shower without touching anything, then this dump might suffice. But don't expect to sleep or not leave without feeling repulsed and depressed.Also, &quot;The Riv&quot; is apparently still under the impression that there's a severe energy crisis going on, since they charge a $3.27 per night energy surcharge. What a joke!This room was certainly not 3* quality... I've stayed at many much nicer and cleaner 2* motels. Although I've heard that some rooms in other towers are somewhat larger and relatively nicer, I would avoid bidding 3* Strip in fear of getting stuck here. The wrecking ball can't come too soon for this dump in my opinion.	
Oct 26 2003	Wonderful Time at the Riviera!	This was our first trip to Las Vegas. We arrived Oct. 4th and left Oct. 11, 2003. We were very happy with everything about the Riviera. Our room was spotless and housekeeping did a wonderful job daily. Everyone in the casino was very pleasant and drinks were always offered to us while gambling. We were never and I mean never harrassed by someone trying to get us to look at timeshare deals. We had a wonderful time there and would definetly go back. The food was very good and I don't think the buffet was overpriced for the large selection that was offered. I am sorry for people who didn't enjoy their experience but, we had an absolutely fabulous time at the Riviera!	
Oct 26 2003	Riviera exceeded our expectations	We went to Las Vegas Oct. 4. The whole town was packed with conventioneers. All rooms were taken. We were reserved at the Riviera (it's all we could get when we reserved). We were a little nervous because of the comparitively low price but figured we could live with most problems for a few days. We arrived at the hotel at noon (four hours before check-in). We anticipated leaving our bags and keeping busy until check-in time but that was not the case. Our room was ready! It was large and very clean. We were allowed to check in early and were able to begin our vacation immediately. We ate at Kady's once. Did not care for it. Loved the breakfast buffet across the street at Circus, Circus. The slots at the Riviera were loose and there were plenty of nickel slots to choose from. The cocktail waitresses were there on a constant basis. They were polite and friendly. We visited the hotels on &quot;the Strip&quot;. Found them to be so crowded that they were barely enjoyable. The Venetian was the most roomy with plenty of breathing room. Still, we could hardly wait to get back to our peaceful end of town. Could not get any waitress attention while playing nickel slots at any other hotel except the Riv. Ate at the Frontier. That was very good. Went downtown and enjoyed a buffet that was quite good and reasonable. The slots were loose there, too. The light show downtown is spectacular. We will return to Vegas and the Riviera. The friends we traveled with knew of a place for locals called Klondike Inn. Two dollar blackjack and terrific waitress service kept us busy two nights in a row. Met some great characters there, too. The dealers were friendly and fun. We did all this because we rented a car. Well worth it. If you use a Visa or MC know that the extra charge for insurance is covered by your card so the cost of the rental is very cheap.	
Oct 24 2003	Nice Place	We arrived in the late afternoon on a Sunday and the check-in line was a little bit long. The staff of the company selling timeshares, are abundandt, but are easily brushed off, just ignore them. The room was a BIG, bright king non-smoking room and had a nice light colored decor. The carpet is getting worn, but it was clean. The &quot;24 hour&quot; restraunt, Kady's was only open 6AM to 10PM and the food was only average at best. The steak house, Kristoffers, was EXCELLENT. Go to Jitters for early morning coffee and danishes. La Salsa in food court is good too.This is not one of the fancy, updated, new HUGE hotels, but it was a nice place to stay. All of the staff were very courteous.	
Oct 21 2003	Awful	My husband and I stayed at the Riviera for three nights to celebrate our anniversary and his new job. Upon entering the hotel, we were approached by a hotel staff member that was offering &quot;free&quot; tickets to any of their shows. We had to go and visit their time-share property. We politely declined, and walked away. From the side entrance of the Riviera to the hotel lobby, we were approached two more times. We had to check ourselves in using their &quot;express&quot; check in service. The &quot;express&quot; check in service consisted of a computer that provided very little instruction, self made hotel room keys, and the hotel staff behind the counter were very hesitant to help anyone who needed additional instruction. There were quite a few elderly people who were obviously unfamiliar with a computer system, and the hotel staff did not offer any guidance to the guests. Needless to say, the &quot;express&quot; check in service is not very fast. Once we were checked in, we were immediately approached again by a staff member. He provided us with a map of the grounds, asked us if we were celebrating anything special, and then went into the time share routine. I explained that we were not interested, and that we had already been approached three times in the forty-five minutes that we had been in the Riviera. Instead of apologizing, he called my husband and I &quot;impossible&quot;. I was appalled. I asked him what he meant by the word &quot;impossible&quot; and he told me that the guests that turn down the timeshares are impossible to work with. We had a bad taste in our mouths from the second we entered the Riviera. We did not spend an incredible amount of time in our hotel, but each time we walked through the lobby on our way to our room or by the restaurants, we were haggled about timeshares. Altogether, we were approached approximately 12 times, and we were insulted each time we declined the offer. The hotel room was nothing special, and there was a notice in the bathroom regarding the agreement with the American Hotel Association (I think that was the organization, I am not sure). If we wanted clean towels, we were to throw the used ones on the floor. If we wanted to use the towels again (which was strongly suggested) we were to fold our towels back onto the rack. We were charged between $1.00 to $2.50 for phone calls, even though I used a prepaid calling card to make the calls. The buffet at the Riviera had good food, but it was WAY overpriced for the menu. It was very, very hard to get a drink while gambling. The only good thing about the hotel was Kady's coffee shop. It was open 24 hours, had a great atmosphere, and wonderful food. I would not recommend staying at the Riviera, and we will not be back for another visit at that hotel.	
Oct 21 2003	Worst hotel ever	Just came back from three nightmarish days at the Riviera. It is without a doubt the filthiest dump I have ever stayed in. Unfortunately since I was going for a conference I never thought to read the reviews before I went. Big mistake! The rooms haven't seen new wallpaper or carpeting since the Reagan administration. One of my compatriots stepped out of her shoes to discover that her carpet was soaking wet. She tried to convince herself that it was shampoo. I, personally, never walked on my carpet barefoot. The difference between smoking and nonsmoking rooms is completely lost on the management. I spent my entire time in a smoking room despite having reserved the opposite over six months beforehand. Fortunately, this is so common at the &quot;Riv&quot; that the room wasn't the least bit smoky. I'm sure the last twelve occupants were nonsmokers. I'm sure this place will be torn down soon. Hopefully I'll be able to come back and help.	
Aug 19 2003	use to stay here not anymore	i have stayed at the riv at least 8 times, and have always gone out with a group. our groups have been the minimum of 26 people and the largest being 54. you would think bringing out a group that large and being one of the people who arranges this that the hotel would at least take care of the people who brought out this many people to gamble at there place. WRONG&gt; the riv is not that great a place so even getting an upgrade to a bigger or better room would not be all that great since the rooms there are old and worn. but in all the times we have gone out i have never complained and never asked for a thing, even though i have done alot of work to get all these people together collect the money etc. last time there i had a filthy room, and was grossed out. i complained for the one and only time to a pit boss i knew there. he got a hold of someone who could have helped me and told him we were big gamblers and that i arrnaged these groups to come there and explained the situation to him. not only did i not get a well deserved upgrade, i did not even get moved out of the dump of a room i was in. i spent the whole vacation in that crappy room. i wound up never taking the group back to the riv we moved our party over to the stardust instead where they take great care of us. we are by no means whales, yet were not low rollers either. we figured it out that everyone on our trip on the whole bought out a thousand a day to gamble. we go during the week so it is not like the hotel was full and they could not have given us a small upgrade etc. also this place besides being tired looking and looking very dated, the rooms are a disgrace, it has now turned into slot player haven, forget the table games anymore. i dont understand how the riv which when we started going there use to get there fair share of high rollers went so far down hill. on one of our trips there they had a guy take them for something like 50,000 dollars it was like the place was going to go bankrupt or something. all the help was talking about it and they lowered all there table limits to 3 dollars to recup this way no one could hurt them anymore. needless to say we dont go to the riv anymore and now you can see why people dont go there or go back the casino stinks, the rooms are crappy there is not reason to go there anymore. like i said went there 8 years in a row and for the past 4 we have never stayed there or for that matter even walked in the place. if you go there good luck, about all they attract now are low roller, drunks, white trash, and besides there steak house, all there eatting places also suck. dont even go to the buffet it is the nasty food you ever will eat.	
Aug 7 2003	Tired old hotel	I had not stayed at this hotel for 10 years, and I should have made it another 20 years. This place is a rat hole!!!! We check in to find out there were no non-smoking rooms available. Get to our room in the Monaco tower and it is horrible!. Small bed, bad lighting and a horrible view. The carpet was so filthy that you could not tell what the original color had been and I was uncomfortable just walking with my bare feet. Also a very large section of the carpet had been patched and the patch was coming up off of the floor. Crusty shower, small bathroom. Every time someone in another room flushed their toilet it was so loud it sounded like a thunderstorm was moving in. The casino was dark and boring. Even though there was a large convention taking place at the time, the casino was dead on Saturday and Sunday night. I will never stay at this old flea bag hotel and casino again. If you want a nice room, stay somewhere else!!! If you want to stay cheap, stay somewhere else!!! Bottom line--STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 28 2003	Multiple stays...but not my choice!	I've had the &quot;pleasure&quot; of numerous stays at the Riviera, only because our client books events there and they provide the room. This is one of the most tired, run-down hotels I've seen...in a city of many great hotels! They are the only hotel I still know of charging the &quot;energy surcharge&quot; that all others dropped quickly. It's obvious that the owners are trying to milk what they can out of it without making any updates or improvements. They don't even supply luggage racks unless you are in a VIP room in the Monte Carlo tower! Time for the Riviera to follow in the footsteps of the other memorable Vegas hot-spots...and be demolished!	
Jul 16 2003	Home away from home	In just a few short weeks, we'll be returning to Las Vegas for a fun-filled weekend. We've always stayed at the Riviera and always have had a wonderful time. For the money, the rooms are adequate, nothing fancy, but who stays in their room?? We have eaten at all 3 of their restaurants, one steakhouse, one Italian, and one Oriental, and have loved them all. The service in the restaurants was great and food was out of this world. They also have a coffee shop that is just about average. Long wait in line and the service and food so-so. Our experience playing Blackjack and Carribean Stud was great since the dealers we had were fun and very helpful. I prefer the Nickle Heaven area, where I've been lucky on each trip. Though not in the middle of the strip which many prefer, it's only a few minutes away by trolley or cab. This is an old-fashioned casino, and that's fine with me. I can hitch a ride to Ceasar's or Mandalay Bay, etc., but we're happy to stay here. Have ready some of the bad reviews, don't really have an answer for them. Guess we're just easy to please...AND creatures of habit. They have some great shows, and over the years we have seen them all and enjoyed them all. For the money, it's definitely worth it.	
Jul 7 2003	regular visitor	I've stayed at the Riv at least a dozen times and I have always had good experiences there. The rooms are nice enough, always clean and the staff have consistently been helpful. I think the Riv has the best Player's Club deal going. It doesn't take very long to earn free meals,cash, or other merchandise. And, they have some great calendar rates for Card Members. The pool is nice and the buffet is at the very least average. I've stayed at a few of the newer establishments in the past (Bally's, TI, Excalibur) and didn't find much difference in service or accomodations. I will continue to be a regular at the Riviera and reap the benefits of the comp system there.	
Jul 6 2003	Never Again	spent ten days in vegas a few weeks ago. unfortunaly chose this hotel. Terrible. the hotel itself seems to be rotting. there is a very strong smell of smoke all over. the room i had smelled. to get from my room to the lobby took a good ten minutes. they charge a bs energy charge which they do not tell u about. will never stay there again	
Jul 5 2003	Clean The Rooms	Upon check-in we were told that there was an additional surcharge of $3.67 per day for the electrical. The front desk has a sign that this was temporary. I asked the front desk clerk and she said they have had that sign for two years...so much for the surcharge being temporary.  Clean the Rooms!!! There was a dirty pair of tennis shoes with socks under the bed upon arriving in our hotel room. Where are the housekeepers? Upon letting management know, I was given an apology.	
Jul 1 2003	Quite a suprise!	We were looking for a one night Saturday check-in and found a $59 rate on the internet. (we had booked at Harrahs for the Sunday and Monday) We had never stayed on the &quot;North Strip&quot; area before, so we had no(if not very low) expectations of the Riviera. Check-in took about 20 minutes, which is long in my standards, but the room was very nice, very large with a king bed and a couch with a nice view of the pool. The only complaint about the room was the lighting in the bathroom was poor. The casino was good to us. We didn't win, but we didn't lose at this casino. The nickeltown area was pretty fun. I usually don't play slots, but playing in this area with a great draft beer selection than you would find in a big casino was a suprise. The rest of the casino was well spread out and the drink service top notch. The only complaint is that the sportsbook is tiny and very smokey. We didn't eat at any resteurant except the food court area, which not all the new casinos have(but they should). The Riviera would not be my first choice in Vegas, but if the price is right, I would stay there in a heartbeat.	
Jun 29 2003	pleasantly surprised....	My friends decided to get married in LAS VEGAS,NV and were staying at the Riviera. In the beginning, I was hesitant to stay here since it was on the older part of the strip, but I ended up loving it! The room was big, clean and we had a great view of the strip. The housekeeping staff were very friendly and helpful. The pool was modest, quiet, very neat and clean. Although, the drinks via poolside were incredibly expenisve.The only complaint I have is that communication was terrible. No one told us about the players club card for gambling or where anything was located ( pool, restaurants,shops etc). I started to find my way around when we were about to leave! Overall, I would definitely recommend it!	
Jun 27 2003	Lack of Service at the Riviera	For the amount of money spent at this establishment, and all the hype about how wonderful of a place it is, it is not worth it.First of all the wait to check in is long and they don't have a sense of urgency, and employees just seem not to care.Then we were suppose to have a room with 2 beds had 1 king sized bed, no coffee maker, no hair dryer, very small, also lighting terrible, on 2 of 4 days at this hotel house keeping tried to enter room, even with do not disturb sign on door, room service is lazy trays setting in hall over a day.Then the reps from the area resorts will hound you and pretty much make you feel threatened because you turn them down, there are 3 booths in this hotel and these reps are very much a nuisance, the hotel should do something about this.Then we played in this casino 4of 5 days we had been served 2 drinks the whole time we played, floor workers very slow and seem as though it is a pain to serve the guest.Then the 24 hour cafe is not open 24 hours it closes at 12:30am,when you get your fun book you will recieve some nice offers, but if the business closes you can't use the coupons.We called the front desk 2 days in a row to speak with someone in management and the phone just rang and rang, we left a comment card with our displeasure but we doubt we will get a response.We usually don't want to gripe or complain about a business but this was our 1st visit and it was suppose to be our special honeymoon, we had renewed our wedding vows in church saturday and flew out to Vegas Sunday. From the time we walked into the hotel until the time we left, it was an awkward feeling. No hospitality or concern for guest, just rake in the money and send you on your way.Also get prepared to pay a $3 additional energy charge per day, because they are having a crisis in Vegas.The place is clean and the shows are good,I just hope that they soon learn how to treat their guests with more care.	
Jun 14 2003	Customer service training suggested	We spent 3 nights at the Riviera Hotel and Casino. I wonder what kind of training they give thier employees at the Riviera. If you asked me I would say &quot;To be as rude and offer as little help to the customer as possible&quot;. Being treated rude was only one of the wonderful benefits offered by the Riviera. We also had no water one morning and were stuck in our room until noon. We were told that they would compensate us with a free buffet or a show, just see the manager!!! Never could find him or get any help from anyone to find him/her. Free drinks are also offered to the casino players when playing slots, ect... we found a cocktail waitress once that brought us a tiny little drink, but she never reapearred, so we went down the street to another casino where we were served drinks and treated a little bit better.	
Jun 10 2003	Worst hotel ever	I was the coordinator for a trade show that was flying in about 100 reps from the Far East &amp; booked a large block of rooms at the Riviera. I arrived first, 2 days early, at 2am &amp; was told my room was not available...at 2am, when I told them I would be there! When I was put in a room it was in a completely different tower from where all my reps were, which was very inconvenient, on the bottom, floor, bordering an alley, where I was awakened each morning by drunks smashing bottles and the garbage dumpster being emptied. The room was dingy, smelly, and felt most unsanitary. This is one of the original hotels from the 1940's era &amp; I do not think it's decor, carpet, linens, or sanitation practices have changed one iota since the Rat Pack was in town. The casino had low ceilings, garish (even for Vegas) colors, smelled horribly of 50 years of cigarette smoke accumulation, and the carpeting was threadbare. I was most embarassed to have my reps in this horrible place &amp; suggested, after checking out other hotels that they only sleep, shower, &amp; change in this rathole &amp; spend their leisure time, outside of the conference, down at the Bellagio or the Luxor, which is where I spent all of my free time. When I checked out I was handed a bill for not only my block of room, but another convention's also. The hotel tried to bill me for another company altogether &amp; then acted very hostile when I pointed out the error. I will tell everyone I know to NEVER stay at the Riviera whether on vacation on on business. You've been warned, this place sucks.	
Jun 6 2003	small	love the Rivie becuase it is small the service is good it is small enough that you can find any of you travel friends when looking for them	
Jun 4 2003	Worked for me	The Riviera actually exceeded my expectations in some ways during my 2-day, 1 night convention trip to Las Vegas. I was upgraded for free to a larger room; the room was extremely quiet, clean and nicer than I expected; front desk personnel were friendly; location was easy walk to LV Convention Center. Coffee shop service &amp; food were ok, but nothing to rave about. I've alot of biz travel experience....for the discounted weekday price I paid, it worked for me.	
Jun 3 2003 	Friendly	When we couldn't find the front desk, a staff person walked us there. The line was long so we were afraid we would be waiting an hour. We were directed to the kiosk line to check in and it went very quick. In 10 minutes we were on our way to our room and the lines in the lobby were almost gone. The room was clean. We saw the show Splash which was fun. We got confused on the show times, but they were very helpful and worked us in. We used the kiosk to check out too. We like this hotel because of the bargain prices and clean rooms.	
May 22 2003	Excellent	Loved the Hotel. Was there in July 2000 for 5 nights and had a great time. Received a free show with booking at the Riviera and had fun playing their slots - luck was on our side.I would recommend this hotel highly and am planning on another trip for New Years (2003-2004) and will be surely staying at The Riviera.	
May 4 2003	Stay somewhere else	I didn't stay here, but then again, one walk through the place convinced me not to. Tacky, seedy and just horrible were the first words to come to mind. I was damned near accosted by no less than 5 people hawking their stupid shows. (here's an example: &quot;Why don't you want to go? It's free!!) What a dump! I was supposed to be there for a conference, and thank God the Riveria was sold out on the Sat. night I wanted to stay. The travel agent at my Association found a room at the Embassy Suites Convention Ctr for that Sat., but I walked to see what the hotel looked like and I BEGGED the mgrs at the Embassy Suites to let me stay there longer at the convention rate (had to justify to get reimbursed). Horrible, horrible, horrible place -- spend the money somewhere else.	
Apr 28 2003	No problem here!	Stayed here from Tuesday through Saturday, no problems noted. Felt the staff was very polite and helpful whether I was asking for directions or for more pillows. The pool area is clean and roomy, with deck chairs available (and brought to you!) on request. This hotel is centrally located to many of the best places. They also have a very good &amp; resonably priced buffet.Would not hesitated to stay here again!	
Apr 27 2003	Great Stay at the Riv!!		
Apr 23 2003	Stay Somewhere Else		
Apr 23 2003	Wonderful Service		
Apr 14 2003	Stole my bag!		
Apr 7 2003	Not Bad		
Mar 16 2003	Location is the reason to stay		
Mar 11 2003	Rivieradirtbag hotel		
Jan 31 2003	loved the female review		
Jan 20 2003	forget the non-smoking room!		
Dec 28 2002	Not bad for first time		
Sep 16 2009 	Langweilig		
Aug 17 2009 	?????????????		
Aug 6 2009 	Nr. 1 von Preis und Leistung in Vegas		
Aug 2 2009 	Pessimo Hotel		
Jul 11 2009 	????????????		
Jul 2 2009 	?????????????????		
Mar 30 2009 	???????????????		
Mar 14 2009 	??????????		
Mar 5 2009 	??????????????????????????????		
Feb 28 2009 	Un hôtel correct		
Feb 28 2009 	me robaron el equipaje en el hotel		
Feb 21 2009 	très bon rapport qualité prix		
Jan 4 2009 	Carino ma vecchio.		
Dec 26 2008 	??????????		
Oct 25 2008 	très bon hôtel		
Sep 23 2008 	excellente expérience		
