	Seriously? Rude staff dumpy rooms - don't bother	1st trip to Las Vegas, stayed at Harrahs. I gamble enough in Atlantic City and New Orleans that my room in Vegas was comped. I checked in, went to my room and discovered the only view was that of some dirty pipes and a brick wall. I went to the desk and asked to have my room changed. I was told by the desk clerk that I had already been upgraded to a junior suite (news to me) and there was nothing available. She then coughed all over my paperwork and handed it back to me. I checked in on Monday afternoon and left Thursday. Didn't spend one dime in their hotel/casino - went to the Bellagio and spent tons of money - their service was impeccable.	
	A little disappointed	We stay at Harrahs whenever we are in Vegas and have ALWAYS been more than satisfied. However, this four night trip for our 46th wedding anniversay was a little disappointing. We arrived around 11 am and were tired from our flight and had all our luggage with us. We were told we could not get into our room until after 3 pm. Asked if there was anything available and were told yes if we wanted to upgrade which we did. We thought for the extra money we paid and the fact that it was our second year staying at Harrahs for our anniversary not to mention the many other times we have stayed there that we would get a pretty nice room. It was the most disappointing room we have ever had. It must have been the smallest room in the hotel and the swimming pool was outside our patio door so that must have been what the upgrade was all about. We were very disappointed. The other thing was the noise from the room next door which continued all night long for two nights (swearing, crying, screaming and the TV). After the 1st night we could have requested to be moved but thought maybe the people would be gone the next night. Nope. This is one isolated incidence. We really do like Harrahs and hopefully we have a better experience with our upcoming stays there. The majority of the staff are gems.	
	DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL!	Where to start....thousands of dollars worth of items were stolen from our room. This was do to a door that did not close and lock properly (I have video evidence) The security guard that came up made a PERSONAL CALL in our room right in front of us. A majority of the staff we dealt with either did not care or kept reffering us to a &quot;Risk Management Department&quot; which seemed to comprise of one man that worked for 2 hotels. We were told we can charge some things to the room as we had most of our clothes stolen and had nothing to wear. After buying the clothes we were told we COULD NOT charge them to the room. We were also told it would take three days for a &quot;third party&quot; to review the evidence. Upon returning home we discovered that the security guard had never filed his report as he was on holiday. It had been a month and a half since the incident and nothing had been done about. We have been calling the hotel nearly daily and there are no updates. One man said that they checked the lost and found and could not find a suitcase....REALLY? A MONTH LATER? WOW! We want compensation for the stolen items and somebody to fix the doors. Also, installing cameras in hallways and elevators might help so theifs can't come in detected. Don't beleive most of the security information found in the pamphlets in the room as it is outdated, the security manager told us this!!! I have been in contact with the CEO of the runs Harrahs among other thngs and am currently speaking with the better business bueau of Las Vegas. I could write more but it would take forever. Don't stay in this hotel, it's all good until something bad happens!!!!!	
Nov 25 2009 	Enjoyed our stay at Harrah's	This was our first trip to Las Vegas for my husband and me. We are from Australia and we came for the SEMA &amp; APEX trade show. So we booked our accommodation through SEMA.It was to my surprise that after booking the accomm. that I saw all these negative comments about Harrah's. What have I done? But we were pleasantly surprise that 1. No waiting time for booking in, 2. our room was ready 3. The room was clean and comfortable 4. The location was excellent close to the everything we wanted to see this end of town. 5.Next door was Dennys Restaurant -good value, McDonalds there too. 6. Cheep beer at the Casino Royal (next door). We had a meal at the Cafe downstairs that was good. We were never in the room during the day and only came back to sleep at night. Bed was comfortable. We really had a good time there and would stay there again.	
Nov 24 2009 	Harrah's great place to stay	Recently stayed at Harrah's and was very pleased. Our room was located in the Carnival Tower facing the Mirage and we could see the valcano show at night from our room. At first we were not pleased that our room did not have a direct view of Las Vegas Blvd. but we quickly adapted and loved our view. The beds were incredibly comfortable, very clean room with new carpet, and housekeeping did a great job during our stay. Here's a bonus if you're a smoker - the bottom window in the room actually opens out and the room does not smell of smoke. Being a smoker, it was a great bonus not to be surrounded by my own cigarette smoke. The casino was packed 24/7 and the craps tables were always full. Great location - within walking distance of everything, Star Bucks inside, nice gift shops, fast food places next door, the buffet left a little to be desired taste wise but the Chinese restaurant inside was excellent. Maybe not as upscale as many of the newer casino hotels but we would definitely go back. It was the most comfortable place we've ever stayed and they honored our comps without question. If you're looking for an excellent sandwich, walk across the street to the Mirage and eat at the Carnagie Deli , only a few steps away from Harrah's. Loved it! Had a great visit at Harrah's.	
Nov 21 2009 	Have stayed many times at Harrahs disappointed this time.	We have always stayed in the Carnival Tower, average rooms with views of the cooling/heating systems. Was talked into Mardi Gras Tower room upgrade, still same view of the metal contraptions, and were told we would have view of the strip. To compare the rooms with average vs average. I wouldnt pay extra for the TV cause you usually dont stay in your room to watch it. Coffee Service??? the pot was there, but no coffee. Just wasnt happy with this stay.	
Nov 20 2009	great overall	We always stay in Harrah's when in Vegas, love everything about it - the location. food, rooms and service.One down side is a shuttle service to Rio. Lat Sunday my mom and I had to spend over an HOUR waiting for the shuttle to come, and it was freezing cold! Had we known, we would definitely take a cab, but the driver told us that the next shuttle is on its way, but as it turned out he simply lied to all of us. People were very angry about that , and they were right. I think the management has to do something about it to keep a good reputation of this wonderful hotel.	
Nov 18 2009 	Fabulous Stay	After having read bad reviews about Harrahs, I wasn't sure about whether or not I had made a good decision booking our vacation there. Well, right from the moment we walked into the hotel it was great. Check in was fast, no waiting, and our room was ready right away. Our room was very large and spacious and had *almost* everything we needed. The room had a &quot;convenience&quot; refrigerator, but you could not access it and I was not paying a huge deposit just to be able to open the fridge! So, Harrahs...please an in room fridge would be great for daily use for your guests. Also, the pillows were very hard so if you like a softer pillow, you might want to bring your own. These were the only issues we had with our stay and all in all I would go back and stay there again. It was affordable with friendly staff (always important!) and TWO Starbucks :-)	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Value	We stayed at Harrahs for 4 days and had a great time!!The hotel has a deliciousbuffet (flavors) as well Toby Keiths Country and Western Bar which was alot of fun. Would skip the cafe - food was pretty terrible.Rooms are clean and spacious, bathrooms were big.Great Value for strip location and whilst Harrahs doesnt have an &quot;attraction&quot; it is within walking distance of most of the hotels with attractions. Would definately stay again.Only down side was had to pay for internet and the walls were pretty thin!	
Nov 17 2009 	First trip to Vegas was awesome!!!	We had a blast in Las Vegas and stayed at Harrah's. Let me say first, the food, was incredible... every restaraunt... We loved Flavors and Mings Table the best. We tried a couple of other places to eat outside of Harrahs, but it was not as good. The staff are awesome... There are 2 dealers that stood out and were so friendly and fun... they were Carlos and Jonna.	
Nov 16 2009 	better than expected--great location!	Stayed at Harrah's Las Vegas 10/28/09-11/3/09 with 5 of 6 nights comped. No line at check in upon arrival at 4pm on a Wednesday. Check in hostess very friendly and helpful, but would not upgrade room without and additonal fee per night--not worth it.We were given a non-smoking two bed room next to our traveling companions--these requests were honored with no problems. Our room was in the Mardi Gras Tower, but was not one of the newly refurbished rooms. Room was very small, but clean. I appreciate the fact that the hotel has gotten rid of the traditonal bedspread in favor of a down blanket with duvet-like sheets--you at least feel it is clean. Our view was of the Mirage Volcano....and the rooftop below with air conditoners. Would not advise paying extra for a &quot;view&quot;.Housekeeping did skip our room the first day. We had to call for extra towels. They were brought to us promptly. After that, housekeeping did a very good job. We left a tip in the envelope every night and the housekeeper actually thanked me for the money--a very polite first for me!Casino was enjoyable, but not my favorite. Did ok on the slots here, was happy to play the five dollar let it ride table for a while.Tried out the Flavors Buffet for breakfast one morning and it was suprisingly good. Went for a late night snack at the 24 hour restaurant and was incredibly displeased with the length of time it took to get a bowl of soup--30 minutes! Waiter did not apologize for the delay...just stated &quot;when I get it, you get it&quot;. Poor customer service.Location could not be beat. I have stayed at 6 other strip hotels over the years and loved the fact that I could be out of my room, through the casino, and out on the strip in under five minutes. Mirage was directly across the street and this was one of the few spots that you can actually cross Las Vegas Blvd. on the street level.I would not chose this hotel as a first choice and it is not luxurious by any means. It was a very convenient, economical, and clean spot for a base of operations. In room safe was free and easy to use, felt safe in room. Hallways were not too loud. I would chose to stay again if the price was right.	
Nov 15 2009 	Room Nice - Resturants awful	Stayed at Harrah's for the first time with some friends for the Big Smoke Cigar convention at the Venetian. Have been to Vegas a few times before but not Harrahs Las Vegas hotel. Harrah's has a great location on the strip. My room was on the 29th floor of the Carnival Tower with Strip view. Very nice room and could see the Mirage volcano, etc. Room was very nice and bed comfortable. Excellent value in terms of room quality and price. Easy check in, no problems with room service. Elevators mored fast. The casino itself is just okay. More happening next door at the Imperial Palace or for a better place the Mirage across the street. The Toby Keith Bar ( had good live music and no cover which was nice. Good night life at this place for all ages. Bar drinks were reasonably priced for vegas. We were really disappointed with the Cafe at Harrahs. Most hotels/casinos have a staple resturant for all meals 24 hours and moderately priced. I had breakfast and lunch at the Cafe a few times. Each time the food was awful and the service was very slow. I mean over 30 minutes to get your breakfast after you have ordered, takes 15 minutes to get to order. Definte impression that this organization really does not care about the quality this resturant is delivering. Servers were pleasant, but hostesses and managers could care less. Bad food, Bad Service. But still Vegas prices. I walked acrossed the street and had breakfast at the Mirage at their deli location. Much better quality and service. Recommend Harrahs managment improve the Cafe Harrahs. Customers will pay for good food and service.	
Nov 15 2009 	Not recommended-Watch your wallet-Scams abound	We experienced 3 money grubbing scams from this hotel. We arrived on a Tuesday morning at about 11AM and were told that we could not get access to our room because it would not be ready until 4PM, however for a $50 dollar room upgrade we could get a room right away. We drove to Las Vegas so we just parked our luggage in the car and came back at 4PM to check in again (Another waiting Line).Tuesday morning and no rooms available?? I doubt it. I always arrive at 11AM at other Hotels on the strip and this was the first denial of a room for ransom.Second scam: A $16 Additional to our bill for refreshments taken from the mini bar. Never used any of that stuff and they removed the charge from our bill.Third Scam: One night we arrived at the parking lot in the dark and parked our car at the end of the aisle away from all of the other cars to prevent dings etc. It turns out the lane markings are impossible to see at night because they haven't been painted in many years, we just assumed this was a good parking spot, based on where other cars were parked. What we missed was the diagonal stripes that designated this spot as NO Parking. You could not see any lane markings at night. They put a boot on our car, and demanded $50 to remove it. We asked to talk to the head of security, and he showed up on site and would not forgive our unintentional mistake, I guess the $50 was more important to him than customer service or future business. I told him to take my picture because this would be the last time he would see me in this or any other Harrah's hotel.If you want the internet it is $12 for a 24 hour period. Local calls are $1.25 for the first 15 minutes.This establishment ought to be ashamed of themselves.	
Nov 10 2009 	Fooled me once Shame on You	Fooled me once, shame on you. I won't be fooled again. I'm a seven star player for 2 years now. If you have heard we are treated special, don't believe it and waste your time and money. So you think you are treated bad when you are a Diamond Player, just imagine how bad it is when you are ignored as a 7star. Staff here are rude, angry that you inconvience them with any question. Computer System broke down for 3 -4 hours, do you think they would credit you with they play, no way. I think the forgot about loyalty. I don't have to stay or play here anymore. I've learned my lesson and will be staying at an MGM property. They treat you like a VIP every time, not just your annual trip. Adios	
Nov 8 2009 	Good Value and Toby Keiths Bar is the best part of Harrahs	We went for a getaway from reality and thats exactly what we got. We booked thru Allegiant Air and when we got there we upgraded the room which was definately worth it. Carnival Court is a great place for a drink and the flair bartenders are extremely entertaining. THe Piano bar is a blast. Every night has a different crowd but the more the crowd gives the more the players give. We spent a lot of time at Tobys bar. Leo is an awesome bartender. I have never had such great drinks. Order the mason jar drinks. He put the vodka bottle upside down in my cup and then ran around the bar twice till the jar was 3/4 full of vodka. It was awesome. The house band was great. Harrahs is getting a little old but for the price is still a good base for your vegas fun.	
Nov 8 2009 	Fun casino and great customer service	DH and I stayed at Harrahs October 28 through November 2 in a classic room, sixth floor, no view, but we do not spend much time in the room anyways. Room was very clean - housekeeping was wonderful leaving plenty of clean towels upon request. The casino was fun, lots of variety of penny slots, drink service was good once the cw found us, the dueling pianos bar was lively. Enjoyed the Flavors buffet for breakfast one morning - food was fresh and hot - waitress was pleasant and kept our coffee cups full. Every Harrahs' employee (check in, cashiers, housekeeping, security , valet, waitresses) we came into contact with was polite, helpful, and thanked us for visiting Harrahs. And of course the location is a real winner!	
Nov 6 2009 	AWFUL	To start with they had our resorvation's for the day before our check-in and informed us we were cancelled as a no show but would see what they could do. The next day when I went to take a shower the shower handle kept slipping up to hot, THANK GOD I checked before stepping in or I would have been burned and then the water did not shut off &amp; dripped &amp; dripped,when I called (4am) to inform them they asked if I wanted someone to come &amp; look at it...DUH....YES!!!! On our return to our room (10hrs after my call) NO ONE had come to fix the problem so I called again &amp; someone came to look at it &amp; informed us HE knew of this problem from a previous complaint, but could not fix the problem without drilling the shower handle. No One called to find out if our problem had been resolved or to change our room with a working shower, So instead of a nice shower with my husband he held the handle from outside the shower to make sure I did not get burned. WHAT A VEGAS EXPERIENCE!!!!!	
Nov 2 2009 	Not so much...	One thing I have to say about Harrah's is that I absolutely love the dealers and the Flavors Buffet....but beyond that, not so much. Stayed in the Mardi Gras tower as we were told by the rude check in guy that the rooms were newly renovated. I asked about the noise..his reponse..&quot;this is Vegas, if your in you're room before 3am, you can't really blame anyone but yourself for the noise.&quot; Really??? Ok, so on to the rooms. After our 2 hour wait (yes, the rooms were not ready at our 11pm check in) the first one was against the elevator shaft (yay, vibration and clanking all night long) and our friends on the other side did face the Carnival Court (and yes it does go until 2am....on Halloween it was until 4am.) The odd numbers seem to be on the carnival court side and the even numbers face the parking lot and some type of cooling units that do produce some type of hum...but not that bad. Yes, you can hear toilets flush and individuals in the room next to you. The rooms were nice and well appointed with coffee makers (no decaf) but there was just too much noise for my taste. Won't stay in the rooms again and the slots are entirely too tight...but would still gamble with the dealers. And management...you need to spot check the front desk staff. They are horrible and rude. Housekeeping wasn't much better.	
Nov 2 2009 	Never again....	I have always been loyal to Harrahs no matter what other people said. After this last trip..... never again! I booked a complimentary Deluxe Executive Suite (that i've stayed in before) only to find that there was no way they were going to let me check into that room. I was given several different excuses - mostly to the effect of, you're not important enough to get into one of these suites. The funny thing is.....I have DIAMOND status there! Go figure! I guess Harrahs doesn't want to keep their most loyal customers happy. They were going to put me in one of their basic rooms and i was literally in tears before they put me into a mini suite, which happened to be a shoebox with awful furnishings and a large bathroom. I had to go back down and once again, BEG for a nicer room( which ended up being an oversized basic room). I have never been treated this way before at any property in Las vegas. On the other hand - my mom who had a basic room at ceasars palace booked was upgraded no questions asked to a mini suite with two bathrooms, a huge jacuzzi and a dual headed shower. I will never stay at harrah's Las Vegas again.... you have just lost my loyalty!	
Nov 2 2009 	One Huge Relaxing Week Of Vacation	This is our fourth trip to Vegas and this time we stayed at Harrah's. What a relaxing, comfortable and exciting location. We both needed a getaway and Vegas is the spot. We are not big gamblers, but we do enjoy comfortable guest rooms and we really enjoyed ours at Harrah's. (See Picture) Nothing fancy, did not asked for anything large, and we had plenty of room for whatever. Great hospitality from everyone, good food and great service and great golf at Angel Park.	
Nov 1 2009 	mediocre	stayed for one night. booked the room through harrah's website, $39, weekday. i was assigned to a room with cooling tower view. room is tiny, but clean. some parts are loose in the room. $39 per night on strip, what can you complain.	
Oct 31 2009 	Harrah's = Good value for money.	Not the nicest hotel on the Strip but does the job. Room was basic but clean. Housekeeping was prompt and efficient. Been there twice now and never had a problem bar the awful Penazzi experience.Great location and monorail is added bonus.	
Oct 30 2009 	Harrah's Cafe....AVOID!!!!	I generally like Harrah's in terms of the Improv and the Mac King show was great, never gambled or stayed here, but seemed like a very decent, run of the mill casino and hotel. Even the Flavors buffet was decent enough, as far as buffets go anyways...so I was very surprised when I had breakfast at the Harrah's Cafe right before caught a cab to the airport. $16 bucks for one of the worse cups of coffee I've ever had, biscuit was dry, hashbrowns average...OK, I can handle that, wasnt expecting much really, but the omelette was so terrible...omelettes are supposed to have at least some cheese, right? We wanted to avoid another buffet before a day of traveling, but now wish we had just gone to starbucks...a breakfast experience for my nightmares, makes Denny's look good by comparison. So many great places for lunch or dinner...where are all the good breakfast places on the strip? Have to go to the Rio or off strip for a decent breakfast it seems in Vegas.	
Oct 29 2009 	GREAT LOCATIONS GREAT CASINO/HOTEL ACCOMMODATIONS!!!	Awesome, awesome, awesome!The staff was really friendly, we got a great rate on the room, and the location of the casino on the strip is PERFECTION! No matter what you're looking for, this casino has it! Nightclubs like Pure are across the street and shops are just a few steps outside! Right next to Paris, Flamingo, Ceasers, and Mirage.Tables are always open and the dealers are super friendly.Can't wait to go back!!!	
Oct 28 2009 	Great location great price - will always go back	Harrah's is right in the middle of the strip, you can't get any more central than this. The price can't be beat. The check in and check out went smoothly. The shuttle to the Rio is right at the front door. The rooms are very nice and spacious. No noise at all from the Carnival outdoor bar. The pool looks nice, though it is small and I didn't spend any time at it. Housekeeping was always very well done. There is a Star Bucks right in the lobby - perfect place to grab a Vivanno smoothie or your morning coffee. The buffet is really good here as well. I will go back to Vegas again and again, I love it. And I will always look to Harrah's for a place to stay.	
Oct 28 2009 	HARRAHS OFFER LONG LINE UPS 	I suggest the RIO! Tons better than the 4 days I had to suffer at Harrah's last week. I checked in as a Diamond member only because my client had processed my reservation with this upgrade. God forbid you check in at the normal line up. People were waiting for over an hour - unforgivably bad service as they know how many check ins they get - massively understaffed.No other hotel I know of outside of Las Vegas charges you a per minute usage even when you are making a 1-800 local phone call! The Diamong Club they offer is a joke, the food cheap, nasty and smoke everywhere. My initial suite a/c system sounded like a loud vacuum cleaner. Last but not least every guestroom iron is locked down to the ironing boad - insulting and renders the ironing board unusable.	
Oct 26 2009 	Harrah's Accomdation Surprised Us	Based on others comments about the size of the hotel rooms when I read the TA Vegas forum, I was kind of nervous about staying at Harrah's since my spouse is almost 6'5&quot; so not a small guy. We both were glad when we finally checked in and saw our room, because it was not only fine but better than we expected. We were assigned a room in the Carnival Tower (happens to be the farthest from the Carnival Court noise which seems odd, but just so you know that little fact...and it was a very quiet room that also exceeded our expectations)! The bathroom was large with a shiney marble floor and large countertop with a sink that offered more than enough room for us. We had requested a King/Non-smoking room and were fortunate to get that, and there was also a table with 2 chairs by the window and also a small couch so plenty of seating space. Our room overlooked the McDonalds and little food court right outside the north entrance of the Harrah's casino and also a view of the Mirage volcano. Housekeeping did a great job, and we were pleased at check-in with the service we received and also didn't have a long wait to check-in even though it was around 3:30PM on a Saturday. We will definately stay at Harrah's again since one of the reasons we chose the hotel was the central location on the strip.	
Oct 26 2009 	AWFUL!	MY husband and I stayed here this past weekend, we had booked the room several months prior, i am a gold card member and have stayed here several times due to location. Management must have changed since our last stay as the staff was rude and very unaccomodating. Despite my request months ago for a non smoking room with a king sized bed, I received a smoking room with two full beds, the room smelled disgusting and all they could offer was housekeeping to spray air freshener. I complained to the front desk and then telephoned a manage to advise I am six months pregnant and the smell was making me nauseous. They did not offer an apology, a resolution anything, I was told they were full and the best they could do was move me in the morning. WEll by morning, I couldnt breathe and ALL of my clothes smelled. It was a miserable vacation thanks to the staff of Harrahs and I would neevr stay there again, even if it were free. I find it hard to believe that all of the non smoking rooms were full considering Harrahs owns several hotels in the vicinity and no one could help me. Its not even worth complaining that my sink was stopped up and dirty.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great Location Monorial Stop Don't Gamble Here!	I celebrated my birthday a few months ago in Las Vegas and stayed at the Harrah's hotel on the strip. My friend's parent provided us with a free stay, which was one of the best gift ever! Harrah's owns hotel/casino across the U.S., and many in Las Vegas such as Ceasar's Palace, Flamingo, and Paris Las Vegas. The Harrah's hotel is in a fabolous location on the strip next to the Venetian and across the street from the Forum Shops at Ceasars. Harrah's offers two towers and the one we stayed was nearer to the Strip. However, the room we stayed in had a view of the back of the strip overlooking the parking garage for the Venetian. Our room was comfortable and clean, which is all you need in Las Vegas, a place to sleep. We were able to fit up to five people in the room with two double beds. The bathroom and linens were clean. There were now rowdy people in the hallways so the sleeping quarters were very quiet. I didn't personally try the buffet, but my friends ate the breakfast buffet and said it was amazing. However, if you come into Las Vegas late at night do not take the $5.99 steak and eggs offer. My friends and I was not too happy after eating it at the small restaurant downstairs at Harrah's.The monorail stops in the back of the hotel near a bridge the connects both Harrah's and Imperial Palace next door. This monorail can take as far north as the Sahara hotel and down to the last stop at the MGM Grand hotel. My take in the monorail is that a day pass was a waste since we walked on the strip most of the time. If you are in a group, I would suggest riding the cab instead of paying for the monorail. We literally only used the day pass for one ride to the MGM and walked to strip back to Harrah's. I had fun gambling, but lost most of it at Harrah's. The issue I had with the casino in this hotel was that it felt stuffy and enjoyed to more open space the Venetian and New York New York offered to gamblers. I have checked the Mirage and Treasurer Island and remembered it being kind of dark in the casino floor. However, there is this hole in the wall casino next to Harrah's that my friend won big and the minimum bets are smaller than the hotel casinos.I would reccomend Harrah to other travelers because you can't beat the location where it is walkable up and down the strip and nearby major shopping at the Venetian, Forum, Wynn, and Fashion Show Mall. There is a monorail stop in the back of the hotel to take you up and down the hotels on the strip. The rooms are clean, well maintained, and comfortable. Good Luck at the Casino and BON VOYAGE!	
Oct 24 2009 	Rooms need updating	Attended a conference recently. The 'deluxe' room is misleading. They need to update their rooms. However, staff is very nice and accommodating. Changed my room with no questions asked when I was dissatified with the first one. I was first given a room on the 6th floor then moved much higher. I think the higher floors are a little better.Don't know how they stay competitive with all the other beautiful choices in Vegas.	
Oct 22 2009 	Hotel just okay...not planning on ever staying again.	Arrived at 5:00pm...I had booked a Classic room (cheapest category) with a Queen bed...of course, the only one available was at the very end of the hall, away from the elevators. Not a strip view...I got to look out at 2 parking garages. The room was spotless...that was much appreciated. I can never understand why the Total Rewards desk is not open in the evening (have stayed at The Rio recently, and it was the same there). No kiosks available to check/get comps. This was annoying, as I was in town for a 3-day all-day seminar at The Venetian, and did not get back to Harrah's until after TW desk was closed. Drink service almost non-existant, and slots were horribly tight, not just to me, but did not see anyone else hitting much of anything. I feel no need to stay here again...ever. Nothing to make me want to go back.	
Oct 20 2009 	very nice what more would you want ??	This is a big, clean hotel at a fair price.. Parking is free and location is central.. Right on the strip in the middle of the action...	
Oct 20 2009 	girls just gotta have fun!!!!	Have a group of friends that head down to Vegas twice a year, we stay at a different hotel each time, this hotel we flipped a coin to decide whether we wanted to stay there based on some terrible reviews. Well gotta tell you we we're all very impressed the rooms were updated ,clean and the perfect place on the strip to be!! Check in was quick and are rooms were ready even though we got in 2 hours before check-in. We will definitly stay here again, oh Legends in concert was awesome check it out!!!!!	
Oct 20 2009 	great 50th birthday in Vegas	I was planning on spending my 50th birthday in Vegas and had decided to stay /suites at various hotels, I noticed that through my Total Rewards Card I could get a suite comped for 4 nights at Harrahs. Thought that was odd but booked the suite, received a confirmation. I noticed on other reviews that some people were having a problem with Harrahs honoring their suite reservation. I contacted Harrahs and was told that there was a computer glitch earlier in the year causing rooms to be comped in the internet site that should not have been. I got the standard reply that they would do everything they could to honor my reservation but could not guaranttee a suite. If this wasn't a special occasion I would not have minded as the room was free to me all for night. So I called asking for a manager. Got to talk to Dallas Holmes. He explained that only the casino host could comp the suites. But in the course of 2 months I spoke with him several times. He put lots of notes on my reservation to make sure that I got some sort of upgrade if the suite was not available. I give this man an A+ for customer service. He understood where I was coming from and did what he could to make sure I got the suite. As it turned out I did get my suite for free for 4 nights. I also got to meet him which was great and gave me a chance to thank him in person for all. Harrahs is an older property and I usually stay there because I can get comped. And because it is an older property things are not perhaps as new or as nice as some of the other new propertys. But over all I feel Harrahs is a good place to stay if you don't want to spend alot of money and don't care about fancy stuff. For me all my experieces with them in the past have all been postitive. And yes their pool is not great but it's old!!!!!! And yes food is expensive at their coffeeshop but food is expensive all over unless you leave the strip. Depending on your budget and taste, do consider Harrahs.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great location Dont pay for upgraded rooms	HOTEL -Harrahs location is perfect but the hotel has many problems.We arrived at the hotel at 11am and were told that 1 of the 3 rooms were ready. So I explained that we were told that we would have our rooms ready when we arrived at 11am. We were told to come back at 1 and our rooms would be ready, we returned at 1 and no rooms were ready, so I requested that we take the one room that was ready earlier and they told us that now there are no rooms ready. We were finally given our rooms at 415 and they still weren't together like we had requested. The front desk personnel were extremely hard to work with. The rooms that face Carnival Court are loud and you can't sleep until 3 or 4 in the morning. We were on the 9th floor and it felt like we were in the bar. We paid 15 dollars a night for a room upgrade and it was not worth it. The rooms were still outdated and we were told that we had a balcony, the balcony was 2 foot wide and 1 foot deep, only one person could fit on it. So I could wrap up the hotel by saying great location but horrible rooms. CASINO- The casino was nice, a bit outdated like everything else, they had all the games like everywhere else and slots as well. I played mostly black jack and the dealers were nice.RESTAURANT- Buffet was OK food was average nothing to write home about. Toby Keith restaurant was good, service was a bit slow but the wings were great. Dueling Pianos bar was fun, good drinks reasonably priced.SPA-My wife got her nails done at the spa. Like the hotel and casino, the spa was nothing spectacular but the service was good and so were the prices.  Harrahs is an ok hotel with ok rooms and an ok casino. Harrahs has many other Vegas properties and I will be staying at one of those my next Vegas trip and not this one.	
Oct 18 2009 	Not as nice as one hopes not as bad as ...	I agree with several of the reviews. The rooms are dated, but clean. For the weekend fare, I feel like I'm overcharged for my room - with its view of the rooftop machinery. For the gambling crowd who don't spend a lot of time in their room, this might be good. For the business traveler, non-gambler, it's not so great.My room seems dark, worn, and cramped. The noise from the hall and other rooms is quite noticable. The staff does keep the room clean. Since I'm on an extended stay, that is a plus in this corner of the hotel.	
Oct 17 2009 	Harrah's has a great location/value on the Las Vegas strip.	We booked a package (hotel and air fare combined) thru Expedia -- for this second trip to Las Vegas (last trip there was 11/2003). Excellent price, nice coupon book as promised, very comfortable room (although we ended up with 2 queens instead of a king as requested (we said no to a $25 a night upgraded room from the classic we originally booked). Stayed in Carnval tower 2606--very clean, quiet as promised, large marble bathroom, and comfortable beds, &amp; close to the elevator. Pool/hot tub area closed at 5pm (beginning 10/1/09) but was a nice afternoon distraction. We especially enjoyed the 24 hour McDonald's right next door (because Harrah's has no coffee makers in the room) and the $1 marguaritas @ Casino Royale next to McDonald's. Harrah's is an older hotel, but very nice if you don't need super fancy. We also enjoyed the free shuttle to Rio (although we were disappointed that Show in the Sky was on vacation the week of our trip). Harrah's is also a monorail stop and catching the &quot;Deuce bus&quot; is very convenient from Harrah's, although we walked to alot of the other hotels/casino's on the strip. Plan on using your cell phone, so that you don't have to leave a credit card on file at the front desk. Flavors buffet is good (especially with the $5 off coupon per person in our booklet received at check-in).	
Oct 16 2009 	Location Great Service Not So Great!	We have stayed at Harrah's before and it is a great location. However, this trip the customer service was terrible. We checked in on a Sunday at 11:30am. My husband and I were traveling with 2 other couples. When we checked in our room was not ready. However, one of the couples's rooms was ready. The 2nd couple's room was not ready as well. We all requested King Rooms. But when the 2nd couple went to check on the status of their room an hour later, their room was ready. When I checked an hour later, our room was not ready. We continued to check every hour, only to be told that our room was not ready. No one ever offerred to search for a different King room for us. They only kept offering a room with 2 doubles, which we did not want. At 4m, which is supposed to be check-in time, when we checked on the status of our room, we were told it was not ready. My husband asked to speak to a manager, and we were told check in is from 4 pm - 6pm, and a manager would not even speak to us until after 6pm. The clerk was very rude to him. Finally at 5:55pm, our room was ready, 6 1/2 hours after we arrived. Once we got into the room we discovered that the light was out in the entrance area of our room. Also our deadbolt did not work. We notified the hotel every day that we were there, and they never fixed either problem. Overall, we were very disappointed in the hotel this trip. We love being in Vegas, but we will not be staying at Harrah's again!	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Time - Place	Stayed for 6 nights, 5 of which were comped. Have stayed here twice before and had the deluxe rooms in the Mardi Gras tower - a renovated room. My husband loved the tv in the bathroom and the flat screen in the bedroom. And finally a coffee maker, though only had one cup to use. We overlooked the pool which is just a standard pool, nothing fancy. We were down with 2 other couples who were staying at the Mirage so used the Mirage pool which was fabulous and just across the road from Harrahs. The Carnaval was below us and the noise carries if the patio door open (have a small balcony) but was silenced once the door closed - didn't bother me as I was usually went to bed early and up after midnight til early AM. Staff very friendly though some dealers could have been more social. Drinks were fairly quick once they saw the tips. Had breakfast at the Cafe and price reasonable and food good. Hotel is decent and the location is the greatest plus of all - handy to most everything on the strip. Very easy to get around the hotel. We used valet service when parking and they were great - quick and friendly. the speed bumps could be knocked down a bit - way too high. We always had a great time and will return again. We did sightseeing and day trips and spent the early morning hours gambling. Always something to see and do - love Vegas.	
Oct 14 2009 	Just OK for the price other than that we probably will not stay here again.	Overall it was okay for the 39 dollars we spent. However the gambling was not good, the food at their cafe was definitely not worth the price (club sandwich and chili bowl for 30!!) and the buffet was so-so. We have eaten better for half the price. Also, the concierge needs a lesson in customer service. We were very disappointed that they would keep people like that on staff. The only thing we enjoyed was the fact that it was connected to Imperial Palace and the location near the center strip.	
Oct 14 2009 	Honest and Straight Forward Review	The Good: For the location on the strip Harrah's and Imperial Palace (connected) have unbeatable prices for rooms, if thats all you are looking for. There is a monorail station right above the lobby, which was wonderful (the stations at MGM and Bally's were LONG walks from the road). All rooms we saw were very clean and tidy, and housekeeping did a good job. The front desk was quick and efficient, getting through long check in lines faster than other hotels we have stayed at. The Carnival Court bar was loads of fun, with bartenders doing bottle tricks and live music (also outdoor blackjack tables), and the Poker Room was nice.The Bad: We were booked into a regular room, so we paid a $35 a night upgrade to a &quot;minisuite&quot;. Apparently &quot;minisuite&quot; means that the room has 2 phones and a coffee maker in the bathroom, but is otherwise EXACTLY like a regular room! Don't bother paying to upgrade!  We found all of the food choices lacking, even the &quot;newly remodeled buffet&quot;, however that was easily remedied with the short walk across the street to the Mirage, which had great food. The Harrah's Sunday breakfast buffet changed over to lunch at 9:45 am, since when is that lunch time??The pool in a word: Terrible. The actual pool is tiny and freezing, so don't bother trying to swim. How could a pool in the desert be cold? Because its completely in the shade ALL DAY. If you want to catch sun you have to walk up stairs from the pool and sit on the &quot;sun deck&quot;, or as normal people refer to it as: the roof.The most annoying thing by far was the room temperature. They use energy efficient motion detectors on the thermostat, so the AC doesn't kick on if you're not in the room. Unfortunately the wall the unit was mounted on is angled away from the bed, so when you are sleeping the AC never kicks on! Two nights we had to get up in the middle of the night and dance around the other side of the room to get the temperature to a reasonable level.For young people that have never been to Vegas, think twice about Harrah's, or anywhere on the North Strip for that matter. Our group of just under 30's was easily the minority, and the same looked true for all of the surrounding properties besides The Mirage. As an example, we sat down for drinks at the piano bar during karaoke hour, just as &quot;High Ho Silver, Away&quot; started being sung. No thanks. Young people would have much more fun in the South Strip area of Excalibur and MGM, or the insane club scene over at The Palms.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Location Great value for the money	Great Place to stay on the Strip. I've stayed on the Southside of the strip before, but wanted a more central location. Staff was friendly and were very willing to accomodate requests. Rooms were clean and roomy. One minor drawback is that even though a fridge is in the room, you were not allowed to use it, as it was only for their merchandise only. Another note to mention is that drink services on the gaming floor was hard to find. I would stay there again.	
Oct 13 2009 	no problems at harrahs	having just completed our third stay at harrahs,I can say that we are glad that we ignore all the negative reviews. have yet to have any problems with service, staff or the rooms. However, the pool area could use some improvement.	
Oct 12 2009 	Recommended by friends -- we give two thumbs up!!	Harrah's was recommended highly by friends who frequent Las Vegas. We compared hotel prices online and were impressed with the price and quality ratings as well as package deals. Upon arrival to Harrah's there was a bit of a line at the front check-in desk, but moved very quickly. The woman assisting us was very friendly and did not make us feel rushed. She took time to answer any questions we had. Our room was very clean, quiet and had a beautiful view. The buffet was excellent with a variety of 'eye and stomach' appealing cuisine and prompt table service. Toby Keith's I Love This Bar was fantastic and had us 'rocking' the night out. When we come back we will definately stay at Harrah's not only because it is in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip Action, but because of the friendly staff there.	
Oct 12 2009	very happy with stay very accesible for disabled	Very happy with check in. Staff could not have been more helpful. Was able to get a room for people with disabilties, very easy to get around, bathroom was huge. Elevators were easy to get to and took you where you needed to go. Have stayed at RIO before but this was much more central. I cant tell you how impressed I was with the gentlemen that checked us in. He treated me like I was a family member when there was an unclear issue over the reservation. He went over and above what I felt was the travel agency fault. The casino was very easy to get around. Restraunts were perfect with nice people working there.	
Oct 9 2009 	I would stay here again!	Price. Location. Casino. Monorail. This hotel was a great value and I was very pleased. We were upgraded to a &quot;volcano view&quot; room. The same room at The Mirage would have been at least double.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great time!	We stayed at Harrah's in Las Vegas the past 3 nights. Our room was comped which was great. We stayed in the Carnaval tower. The room was very clean and comfortable. The staff at the Hotel were all very nice and pleasant. The only down side is at the resturants we had to wait what we thought was too long to get recognized by a wait person to even get coffee. Three times we had to ask someone to get us water or coffee. It was nice to be able to sit and eat and still play some Keno and be able to watch the board, This was our first trip to Vegas as we usually go to Atlantic City. We are already planning on visiting Vegas next year and will stay again at Harrah's.	
Oct 9 2009 	Better than I expected	I was skeptical at staying at this older hotel but since it was free I wasn't going to complain. I have to say I was pleasently surprised. The rooms were nice and the hotel staff was very pleasant. My only two concerns were the casino is much &quot;smokier&quot; than the other casinos we gambled in and the pool area cannot compare to the other pools at the new hotels.	
Oct 8 2009	Good Value and great location	I took my mother on her long awaited first trip to Las Vegas, and stayed 4 nites at Harrahs. The location of the hotel was perfect, in that it was near to many casinos that was an easy walk for my mom. Ceasars, Bellagio, The Venetian and The Wynn were walkable. The rooms in the new tower were clean, but small. We hardly noticed since we were out almost the entire trip! Harrahs is not as opulent as the other casinos, but is priced accordingly, and we were also comped by the casino for the room. I did not eat at any of the restuarants here. Harrahs is smokier than the other casinos, but I think that is due to the low ceilings.Unless you are on a special trip or honeymoon, this hotel is perfect.	
Oct 8 2009 	Rooms are wonderful...if you get one that has been remodeled	The pool and fitness center are pathetic! The rooms are nice if you stay in one that has been redone, the old ones are in bad shape!	
Oct 8 2009 	Geriatric Center Of the Strip	I stayed for 10 nights due to my employers participation in a trade show and the company selected Harrahs for us to stay in as it was the cheapest offered through the convention booking service. Having been to Vegas before I knew Harrahs is at the bottom end of the food chain so my expectations were dismal prior to arrival but it was not as dire an experience as I had braced myself for.There are 2 towers of rooms at Harrahs. The Mardis Gras and the Carnaval. On arrival at 5PM we were informed our room was not ready - this seems to be a common theme for this hotel based on other reviews.After dinner and some lounging around we finally got our room at 7.30PM - not a good start and the front desk staff were rather indifferent to their customers first impressions. The room was in the Mardis Gras Tower and was small, dark, depressing and had a connecting door to the room next door that was occupied. The bathroom was also small and dark. After 3 nights in this room we moved to the Carnaval tower after being peristant in our complints of noise. I would equate the Mardi Gras tower room to a Motel 6 style room.The Carnaval tower has beeen somewhat refurbished and the room was slightly larger. Bathroom, lighting etc was similar to the previous room. TV's are from the 1980's with poor channel choice and picture quality. The room was only marginally quieter. You can hear your neighbours activities quite easily, toilets flush with an immense &quot;woosh&quot;, doors slam easily and if it is a room within 20 yards of yours it is akin to a gun shot if the person is inconsiderate (and let's face it most people are). So in the 10 nights we did not get one uninterrupted nights sleep. I would equate these rooms to an older Hampton Inn.Internet is charged and is not exactly lighning fast. We ate dinner in the oyster bar (mediocre food) once and had breakfast in the cafe. Breakfast quality was reasonable but not cheap - average $20/head (including tax and tip) for a fairly basic offering. There is ALWAYS a wait for a table for breakfast yet the restaurant was always half empty - strange. Valet parking is fairly efficient but you naviagte ridiculous speed bumps to get in and enter through a smelly back part of the hotel.The other guests in this hotel were mainly elderly and obviously on a strict budget. Walkers, riding carts etc were common and the vast majority of them smoked. The smell of cigarette smoke permeates this building and everything in it - nasty. The casino has low ceilings, feels cramped and slots/tables are almost shoe horned in next to one another. If you don't smoke you soon will be in this casino - again nasty.Our room service was reasonabley prompt and the room was fairly clean, carpets did feel a little nasty though. Shower water escapes the tub easily and volume is low. There is a safe in the room and we used it or anything valuable.Basically this is a bottom feeder hotel and casino and is only saved by it's location and an apparantly loyal but aging clientel.If you are over 50, on a budget, smoke 40 a day and have the dress sense of Archie Bunker - this is the place for you. If not don't bother.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel for Adults	We've always stayed at the Excalibur but decided on a different part of the strip this time. Harrah's has a great location on the strip - close to everything. The hotel itself is layed out great. You don't have to walk for miles to get to the rooms or the show venues. And the choice of slots is fantatic. Our room was exceptionaly clean - and had a very nice scent to it. First time I've enjoyed the smell of a hotel room!. We'll be staying here from now on.	
Oct 8 2009 	Not too shabby - great service!	While I'm finally getting around to writing this review, I really enjoyed our stay at Harrah's. We got an upgraded suite when we checked in via the airport and were impressed with how big our room was! Additionally, we got room service one night and it was pretty good - I was constantly surprised with the level of service. I love how Harrah's is connected to the Paris too - where my parents stayed - so it was nice being able to easily walk over to their room and meet up with them, etc.	
Oct 8 2009	Great location!	As long as you are ready to stand in line to get checked into your room, the rest of your stay should be enjoyable. There were not enough hotel clerks available for checking in, so the wait was approximately 1/2 hour. We had booked our room through Harrah's website and received a great deal. The price quoted us was different then the price the clerk had in our records. However, they honored our price without question.The rooms were comfortable if not fancy. Location is centrally located on the strip which makes it convenient to walk to many of the casinos.We didn't eat any meals at Harrah's since we wanted to venture out, so I can't really comment on the food.All in all, it was a great experience.	
Oct 8 2009 	It's my favourite....what can I say!	I just enjoyed my 3rd trip to Harrah's Las Vegas. I had a 5 night stay from the 26th Sept until the 1st October.Check in was for the 1st time ever dismal. 3 agents working on a Saturday afternoon, is almost inexcusable.....however, after a 45min wait, I was served by one of Harrah's friendly staff....and all was forgiven.I was given a room in the Mardi Gras tower. Standard un renovated room.....and it was fine. This is a 3 star hotel and I know what to expect, so no disappointments or surprises. The rooms are around 350sq/ft.....which to me as a solo traveller is ample. The furnishings are of sound quality and the bed was very comfortable. The linens were not scratchy and the towels were fluffy and clean.The bathroom though small was spotlessly clean. The television was the old crt type and the stations were limited.The thing I love about staying at Harrah's....and the reason I chose it over Caesars or Paris, even on a comped stay, are the staff! Just fantastic.I love how the staff are willing to help and are friendly. The poker room staff are brilliant and run a top quality show. The tournaments are fun, and the new deep stack tourneys are incredible value for money. The cocktail waitresses at Harrah's are honestly apreciative of a tip, remember your drink and it's always service with a smile.Harrah's location is pretty hard to beat, slap bang in the middle of all the action. Carnival Court is a blast that slowly kicks off after lunch and parties until the weeeee hours of the morning. The restaurants are reasonably priced, the atmosphere is fun, the staff are friendly, the customers all seem to be repeat stayers, the buffet is yummy, the rooms are comfortable, there is Starbucks, the location is unbeatable....there are just so many things to like about Harrah's.... if they were ever having a bad day....it's pretty easy for them to be forgiven....like when I checked in.Would I stay at Harrah's again?...You bet!Would I recommend it to friends, family and fellow travellers?...Yes, if they were looking for a brilliant location at a reasonable price with friendly staff.Is it a luxury hotel...No, but it doesn't pretend to be. Harrah's is a middle of the road place, for middle of the road type of people who like good value for money and a nice comfortable, not flashy place to rest their head.cheersshirl'	
Oct 7 2009 	Very Pleased!	Stayed 10/3/09-10/6/09. This hotel is all about conveniences. It is in a great location on the strip. There is plenty of food options in the hotel and in its surrounding outside that are affordable. It is easy to walk to other properties from the hotel; that are also Total Rewards points. I was traveling with seven others who all felt very much the same and no one had any bad experiences. Our group stayed in both Mardi Gras and Carvanal Towers. The rooms were very clean, the beds were comfortable, but our alarm clock did not work. We stayed in a standard room and the decor was slightly modernized but needed TV upgrades, etc. The housekeeping staff was friendly, they did not knock on your door at 9:00 am wanting to clean them and did a nice job when they were through. The bartenders were cool and talkactive and the drinks were reasonable. Carnival Court is constant action, the bartenders put on a show. There are different bands playing throughout the day, dancefloor, $3-$5 drink specials. If you wanted to drink in your room, the hotel had two mini convenience stores that you could get alchohol, mixers, beer, cigarettes and gifts. If what you are a looking for is a good, solid hotel that can basically accomodate most types of Las Vegas travelers and wallets, then stay at Harrah's. It is not a value motel, but it is also not a posh resort. If you you are looking for a more standout, upscale experience, then you would not like Harrah's. My only real complaints were that I had to pay $10 to use the gym, no free wi fi and I did not like talking to their Reservation agents (not at the hotel - over the phone). They weren't very friendly, they sounded annoyed with me for only asking simple questions. I booked the reservation through Expedia and needed to make special requests for the room and they really wouldn't work with me. The reservations they had on file, weren't what was stated on my Expedia reservation. Expedia had to call them and get things corrected, twice. The booking part of the trip was a pain. Outside of that, this hotel completely suited my needs and we enjoyed staying there. I'd choose there again but would book direct with them, they seemed more helpful if you did.	
Oct 6 2009 	Harrah's Was "OK"	I first stayed at Harrah’s about 10 years ago when groups of guys would go from college to Vegas for a weekend. Harrah’s was cheap and in a good location. Plus, we were college guys, what did we care how the rooms looked or how the service was.Well, 10 years later and not much has really changed about the hotel. I stayed there as part of a wedding so I did not have a say in the matter. Going into the stay I pretty much knew what to expect from previous experiences, reading reviews, and looking at pictures. This is one of those situations where you have expectations of what your hotel experience was going to be. I will admit that my expectations were a little lower than what my experience was so that was a bonus.Pros:- renovated rooms, to a point. New color scheme of linens and updated bathroom look.- great location on the strip- good Starbucks locations- very friendly dealers and valet and bellmen- super sized Wheel of Fortune wheel- a craps table in the sportsbook ($5)Cons:- very outdated tv’s in the room- unfriendly front desk - very loud doors that close with a loud THUD- could not keep the water in the shower to save my life- uncomfortable pillows- strong smell of smoke- not many good views - ridiculous sized speed bumpsOverall, not a place that I would choose to stay but would not be overly disappointed if I end up in a situation again where I do not have a choice.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great stay at Harrah's	Booked with Harrah's for several days beginning on September 28, 2009. No problem with checking in as the personnel were very friendly. We had free rooms but upgraded to one of the new renovated rooms (they have coffee pots) on the 15th floor overlooking the strip. Everyone seemed very friendly, helpful and I never felt unsafe in going back and forth to our room by myself. This makes about the fourth time we have stayed here because it is centrally located on the strip. Casino seemed to be full all the time we were there. Will return again.	
Oct 3 2009	Would definately stay again!!!! Great Service!!!!	Stayed at harrahs for 4 nights sept 28th to oct 2nd. What an excellent place to stay. It is my 9th visit to vegas, and harrahs beats out the other places i have stayed for service by far!! Marie was our housekeeper. she was great, room was always spotless and she even left little notes to wish us luck and fun. Front desk was very friendly and efficient, despite what other reviews have said. Felt very safe, no issues with security etc. although i really wasnt fond of playing at the casino, no luck, went to other casinos to play, it was a very nice atmosphere and drinks were always flowing and servers were friendly. Location is the best for anyone not wanting to adventure very far, everything you could possible want is right close by, being you are smack dab in the middle of the strip. Went to a different buffet everyday, and found as well that Harrahs flavours buffet was by far the best with the best selection of different foods and desserts were great! If you go to the carnival court around lunch time will recieve another $5 of your bill with a coupon they hand out.Entertainment is plenty at Harrahs. The duelling piano bar was very entertaining, the outside carnival court concert venue was very happening all thetime, and went to see the Legends show as well at Harrahs. Wow!!!!!! It was one of the best shows i have seen. Definately recommend as a must see while you are there.Dont take any of the other bad reviews on here to heart. Experience it yourself and see Harrahs will not let you down, I will definately be back!!	
Oct 2 2009 	Harrahs was OK.	Stayed at Harrahs from 9-27 to 10-01, Room was located in Mardi-Gras tower #745,no view what so-ever overlooked roof and other side of hotel. AC unit in room was warm,maid service was good,and most hotel staff was good, The hotel could use a major make-over,this hotel is not like the gorgeous one in Atlantic City, The hotel is in a real prime spot on the strip. In my opinion, Harrahs was OK. I had the rooms comped and was with a buddy so we overlooked many small things but if I was with my wife she would not have been happy.	
Oct 2 2009 	try it you'll love it too	I read some of the reviews and I was a little leary of booking here. The line at the front desk moved very quickly, and we were in our room in about 20 minuets. Before noon, as we were early. I had asked for a mini fridge and they were there in 15 minuets, also someone locked the safe and housekeeping was right on it, 5 minuets. The room was on the 15th floor and at the end of the hall, which we asked for..it was very Quiet all week. Housekeeping service was great every day, rest of the hotel staff were friendly and attentive. Dealers were fun as well, We ate a few meals in the cafe and were happy with them as well. I don't know what all the griping is about, we had a great stay and we will be coming back for a second one for sure. Didn't make any money, but didn't loose my shirt. Thanks!!! Harrahs, for a great stay.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great Gambling - Great table service	We did not stay at Harrah's - we were at the Mirage, however we spent many hours gambling in Harrah's. Great table survice particularly from CAROL who served the rapid roulette table - she is the best! Friendly feeling overall in this casino. Big thanks to Carol, you kept us at the table for many hours and the drinks were great.Can the management of Harrah's forward our thanks and reward her for outstanding performance.Thanks from the four Brits on the p*ss!	
Oct 1 2009 	casino great service awful	multiple trips (harrahs twice), love the casino, all dealers are exceptionally pleasant and we had a ball. the servers (not all) were as rude as i had ever experienced. Tried to get change from one ( to give her a tip) and was told that was my problem. An old bartender in the sportsbook made my drink wrong and when i brought it back, he said GET THE HINT. Planning another march trip and not sure what to do	
Sep 30 2009 	Harrahs always a great stay	I stayed at harrahs, Las Vegas for 6 days in Sep. and had a great time. I had comped days and got a premier room, with a coffee pot (Yeah). Housekeeping was great, room exceptionally clean, great pillowtop bed. also tv in bathroom, (which I never did watch). room very comfortable, and plenty of room for me. I had a few small wins, but mostly just had fun playing mostly penny slots. Harrahs is right on the strip, close to many other big casinos, (Flamingo, Ceasars, Mirage, etc. also some small fun places, (Bills, Oshea's, etc.) I always felt safe, no matter what time I was wandering around, Used the shuttle (which you can get right at harrahs) one day to go to Rio, Everyone from the front desk, cocktail servers in the casino, housekeeping, and security were all great and very helpful. I have stayed at Harrahs several times in the past and have never had a bad experience.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good stay great location"	I stayed at Harrah's from 9/23 thru 9/28. The location is excellent. The staff is very friendly. The room was small, but had 2 flatscreen TV's and was clean. I heard the noise coming from Carnaval Court, but it didn't bother me too much. I was in the Mardi Gras tower, so ask for the other tower to avoid the band playing at night.The casino is smokier than most, and I didn't win a lot here. But that's why they call it gambling.Harrah's is a good value in a great location. It's not the Venetian, but it's not trying to be. I give it a thumbs-up.	
Sep 29 2009 	Avoid rooms facing the Carnaval Court	We just returned from our annual trip to Vegas and decided to stay at Harrah's for the first time since we always end up having so much fun there. It is definitely one of the &quot;happening&quot; casinos - lots going on all the time. The location has to be about the best - you can walk almost anywhere you want to go and there are lots of choices for food from restaurants to fast food. There are 2 Starbucks in the hotel which I loved. We were in one of the newly remodeled rooms in the Mardi Gras tower - rooms were pretty nice, beds were wonderful - like sleeping on a big marshmallow. The only drawback was that our room faced the Carnaval Court and that party never seems to stop. We heard loud voices and music until 4 in the morning every night. If you are drunk enough to pass out it is okay - otherwise don't plan on having any peace and quiet. The hallways are also very loud - there was a pretty big gap in the door all the way around where the light comes in. Maybe that helps contribute to the loud noise level. We mentioned to the clerk when we checked out that we loved the rooms but didn't like all the noise and she pretty much said that our room was comped so quit complaining. Whatever - doubt we will stay there again.	
Sep 28 2009 	good location nice rooms	I have stayed at Harrah's many times and have always been very satisfied with rooms. Yes, color sceme could be up graded and LCD TV'S. Have always been clean. Enjoy having coffee pot in room, great plus to the expensive hotels which you do not get so you have to go downstairs and pay fortune for cup of coffee. I have always had check-in and out personnel to be very nice. I'm fortunate to always having comp rooms and quite frequently automatically upgraded to a mini king suite. You can't compare amenities of this mid priced hotel to very expensive hotels. Has great mix of slot machines and great location to strip and monorail.	
Sep 28 2009 	Terrible Experience	Do Not Stay Here. Staff is terribly rude, rooms are small and ugly, pool is very small. Had to have the door between my room and the room next door fixed because they didn't lock. The tub would not drain when taking a shower, never did get that fixed. They charged us $5.00 for opening the frigerator, which I found out later by my Wife that there was nothing even in it. No coffee pot in the room and no free Wi-Fi. This is in my opinon the worst hotel on the strip and I have stayed at four of them so far. The staff alone is reason enough not to stay. I actually had a manager that didn't even acknowledge me while at the information desk and the old lady at the information desk was so rude and seemed to not even care about the issues I had. I can not believe the experience I had at this hotel.	
Sep 27 2009 	Harrahs Las Vegas was FUN!	My husband and I stayed and Harrahs Las Vegas for 4 nts for a convention. We stayed in the new updated Mardi Gra tower. The rooms were nice. The bed was very comfortable. I slept like a baby. Usually in a hotel I am up all night uncomfortable... not here. Although if asked again I might not choose a room on a low floor overlooking the pool like we had... It was a little loud when the band was playing. Also, having such a low floor(4th) made me feel as if we were at the pool when I looked out. But we were on the floor with the SPA. I had a massage, facial and a manicure. It was a great experience. I have been to many spas. The technicians for my services were top notch. Unfortunately the relaxation area with the HOT tub could have been updated.	
Sep 24 2009 	Weekend at Harrah's	Flying back to Ausin from Seattle after cruising to Alaska, we decided to stop in Las Vegas. (Sep. 18-21) It is easy to change your plans with SW Airlines. Harrah's comped us a Deluxe Room in the Mardi Gras Tower. We checked in at 6pm. friday and checked out at 11am monday. It took about 10 minutes both times. Wow! We were on the fourth floor (non smoking) with a view of the roof a/c. MS M406 was the room. That was about the only thing that was wrong. The bed was very comfortable, 2 plasma tvs, the motion detector a/c worked fine, the room looked like it had been redone, and the bathroom was nice. We were very impressed with our room. Our maid Marsella took good care us while there. Harrah's is also a good location to stay. McDonalds, Dennys, Sub Way, Burger King, etc. are all close by for a quick meal - between the great meals and buffets at the casinos. We also gambled at Paris, Bally's O'Shays, Flamingo, and Imperial Palace ( all Harrah's properties close by). We really enjoyed our weekend at Harrah's. It sure beats the South Tower (last trip/1 night) at Bally's, before moving to the North Tower. Thank you Harrah's. We will be back!	
Sep 23 2009 	Fun Stay	Our room was updated with flat screens in bedroom and bathroom. Service was excellent. Location is the best on the strip, no need for taxi's . Overall had a wonderful stay &amp; will stay again.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great Hotel Food and LOCATION!	Just spent 4 nights at Harrahs Las Vegas - Rooms were clean and nicely decorated - housekeeping service was efficient and timely - food was good - and can't beat the location - center Strip!	
Sep 21 2009	Harrah's security supervisor out of control and should be arrested	Stayed 3 nights with wife, 25 yr old son, and 21 yr old daughter. Toilet leaked in one room. Noisy hallways made it hard to sleep. Rooms would get hot at night. My son had too much to drink one afternoon and was a little wobbly. The security would not let me take him to his room. He was not the least bit violent or being verbally offensive. Security supervisor Keith Smith created a situation where there was none. I was physical abused and verbally threatened by this &quot;man&quot;. Please avoid all Harrah's casinos.	
Sep 18 2009 	great value!	I stayed at Harrah's for the first time and was pleasantly surprised! I got the 3 nights comped on my Total Rewards card, and I hadn't even played that much. Then I got a petite suite as my comped room, which I was shocked to get. The room was very nice. It was clean and the bed was very comfortable. My boyfriend also has many comped nights to choose from since he got his Total Rewards card there and we are planning another trip later this year. I thought about staying in another Harrah's owed hotel instead, but I've decided that the location and the casino itself is worth staying here again. We did ok on the slots, probably broke even, which is a win to me. We looked at the pool, which just seemed ok. The buffet had a pretty good breakfast. It is a nice comfortable place to stay. We had a coffee maker since we were in the suite, which I'm grateful for, but the regular rooms don't have coffee makers. This will be dissapointing if we get a regular room next time.Overall, you can't beat the value and location of Harah's, and I've stayed at many of the hotels on the strip! It is a fun place!	
Sep 17 2009 	Dont Expect anything flash	Casino nice and clean - smart poker room. Rooms are in need of an update - if all you are looking for is a roof over your head - this is the place - I allegedly had a luxury room! Hate to think what basic was like. Very 80s style decor - shower came away from wall - bed comfy though.Hotel is in great spot on the strip - the Piano Bar is fun - but if you want a bit of class - go across the road to Mirage or Caesars or try next door at The Venetian.Would I stay here again - yep - but I will really barter and get the room as cheap as possible - reckon you could stay for about $40 a night if you hit them at the right time!	
Sep 17 2009 	Shweaty Harrahs	Do not stay at this hotel, the most disgusting service i have ever received in my life, The rooms are small the showers in the bath, the food is very average. Rather stay at Planet hollywood a fraction cheaper however the value is tremendous. The pool at Harrahs is a joke guys beware of this hotel, i would say the worst hotel in Vegas. I would rather stay in Arizona in a tent at the bottom of the canyon than Harrahs. A def no-go STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Sep 14 2009 	Alright stay	Even though there were mixed reviews for this hotel I booked it because it was on special 40 dollars a night AUS, so i couldn't really go wrong as it was located in the middle of the strip.Although everything is close by, because Las Vegas is so hot it is difficult to walk long periods of time. It is situated near the monorail which is a big plus. The check in was slow because the staff was busy chit chatting to the guests before me. Also the concierge was not at all pleasant or helpful maybe because it was busy. i asked the concierge to confirm my transport to the airport and would not do it and told me to use the payphone. The rooms were adequate, had a safe, and the appropriate amenities, I was at the carnaval tower. However, I could hear every noise made to mankind. Could not sleep well but got earplugs. The buffet was really good, had fairy floss,crab legs, chocolate fondue, really nice for 24 US. Overall it was a good stay for the price compared to other hotels I visited like Circus Circus or stratosphere. If it was any expensive I would not book it.	
Sep 13 2009 	I Love Harrah's	We stayed at Harrah's for 7 days 5 of which were comp. The rooms were great, the beds were so comfortable and the location is wonderful. I rented a car and we only drove it a couple of days. You can walk to everything. The staff was great . I will stay at Harrah's from now on.	
Sep 11 2009 	Ignore the Negative Reviews. Harrah's is the BOMB!!	We just got back from a 5 night stay at the Harrah's. The Hotel staff makes this hotel. From the front desk to the cleaning people - all were friendly, and extremely helpful. As a blackjack player, I must say Harrah's has the funniest, friendliest dealers on the strip (and believe me, I've played everywhere!) Donnie, Gary, Judy, Lyle, you all ROCK!!The rooms are clean, beds comfortable. The water pressure in the showers could be stronger. Room service and house keeping superfast.Yes, we ate there too. The buffet is huge! The Range steakhouse is spectacular - biggest lobster I've had in years. My husband was especially fond of the wee morning steak and egss deal at the Cafe for $5.99.I could go on and on. We will definitely stay at the Harrah's on our next visit to Vegas!! Mahalo!!	
Sep 10 2009 	Well located well priced midrange hotel.	This hotel is brilliantly located smack in the middle of the strip. My room in the Mardi Gras tower was a good size, very clean with a comfortable king bed and superbly fast wired internet connection. The front desk &amp; concierge service was not the most useful or friendly I have ever experienced, but not offensive either. The restaurants looked fairly un-inspiring and I generally chose to eat elsewhere. I wasn't particularly interested in the poo,l but it did look to be a bit of a joke.However you definitely get more than what you pay for here overall; the place has a nice atmosphere, great location and very good rooms. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would consider this property to be excellent value for money.	
Sep 6 2009 	Stay #2 probably not a 3rd	Just returned from a 4 night stay at Harrah's, we had booked a package with Westjet vacations to stay at Harrahs with accomodations in a deluxe room. As we had travelled last year to Harrahs with Westjet vacations also in a deluxe room we new what we were to get. Upon checking in the rude clerk told us that we only had confirmation for a classic room, even though all of our documents, hotel voucher and receipt clearly showed that we had paid for a deluxe room, she insisted that it should have been only a classic, well upon going over this again with her, she finally went to her manager who said that as a favour they would upgrade us to a deluxe room, excuse me, a favour, this is the room we had paid for. I am sorry but we travel to Vegas 2 to 3 times a year, and we will never stay at Harrahs again because of this. As we have stayed at Harrahs we chose the deluxe room, because of the slightly upgraded room with comfy beds, the room is very small and the pool virtually useless, but the location is good, that is about all Harrahs has going for it. Next time I would actually rather stay at the Imperial, we have stayed here in the past for a cheap room, and hey they at least treat you with respect. Didn't let this ruin our vacation, had a great time in Vegas as always.	
Sep 3 2009 	Patio - what patio?	We got a cheap rate through Expedia - and when checking in asked if they had upgrades. We were told by a very rude woman that for $25 extra a night we could go to Mardi Gras building that had a patio and better beds. It was the world's smaller &quot;patio&quot; - more like a Juliet balcony - with pigeon crap all over it. The pool was lame, room service people were great. Would most likely NOT stay there again.	
Sep 1 2009 	It ain't the Wynn	This is place is old and fun (kind of like me). If you want fancy haul it on over to the Wynn. You don't always get what you pay for in Vegas and if the room is free or cheap, who cares? The Harrah's Total Rewards card gives lots of good comps and I'd rather stay for free at Harrah's or Imperial Palace than pay a fortune for down pillows on the bed. Harrah's is in a great location on the strip, Toby Keith's bar is fun, and the food is good in the cafe too. I'm staying at Harrahs again next month.	
Sep 1 2009 	Reasonable-priced Hotel	We stayed at Harrahs from 8/17 to 8/22. We had purchased roundtrip shuttle services so they dropped us off at Harrahs about 10:30am. We waited about 5 minutes in the check-in line; however, our room was not ready. Was told guests ocuppying had not checked out. So we left our luggage with luggage services and check out the areas. At about 1:30pm, we checked back in to see if our room was ready - it wasn't. They had another room in the Carnival Tower that was 2 queen beds that were available so we took it since we wanted to check-in and put our stuff away; besides, the King bed wasn't important (this is what we had reserved).Ours was a non-smoking room on the 7th floor. I thought the room was decent given the price we paid. Everything worked - we had no problem with it. We spent most of our time out and about so the only time we were in the room was to sleep. As most say - you get what you pay for. There was some noise (like a woodpecker pecking) but when we called the front desk we were told that it was due to construction and that we shouldn't hear it during bedtime. True to their words. Our room was a reasonale walk to the casino floor. We thought the location was a good place on the strip. We checked out all of the hotels on the strip during our stay. Looking back, I didn't think the Harrahs was smokier (meaning a lot of smoke floating around) than most. I think what it was is that it has a heavy smoke smell due to poor ventilation, perhaps? Outside of that it is the same as most other hotels. We thought their buffet was OK - we had coupons so that helped with cost. We at their Cafe' restaurtant and I thought for the price we had paid for 2 breakfast entrees - we would've found more value at the buffet but couldn't go there because it was after breakfast hours and we wanted breakfast. We also ate at Ming's Table - didn't like it so much.They have express check-out service via using menu on the TV. Based on others' reviews of the long lines, we took advantage of this feature and used the Express check-out. We didn't use any services while we stayed there nor touch the bar fridge so our account was '0' which made the Express check-out much easier. We then left our luggage with luggage services and kill 2 hours inside the casino until our shuttle pick-up services arrived. For the most part, we were comfortable with our stay at Harrahs.	
Aug 31 2009 	Worst Ever...Bait and Switch	Booked two premium rooms and upon arrival were given standard rooms. I was very pleasant and tried to win-over the very rude check-in clerk. Not only was she rude, but she lied and said the rooms she assigned were what we had reserved. Thankfully I had reviewed the pics on-line and knew the difference. Manager provided better room, but only after much hassle. Even in the &quot;better&quot; room, the A/C has motion detector and room was hot upon entering and during sleep time. We expected at least basic ammenities, but no such luck. The hotel was not even &quot;ok&quot;. It was terrible. Will never stay here again.	
Aug 31 2009	The Harrah's Las Vegas	The hotel was clean, the rooms were big and the price was right. The checkin staff were among the friendliest I have ever come across in my travels. The only criticism I have is that the restaurant food was terribly expensive and not quality for what I paid. Also the information desk kept giving me wrong information, the cleaners knew more then the info desk did! All in all a hotel I would recommend.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great Location dead cheap rates Katherine at front desk is a marvel!	Ok so Vegas is Vegas. I go all the time and to be honest it is not one of my most fav places to go but i wanted to see the Phantom Show at the Venetian Hotel. We paid the extra expensive full price to be in the front row so my friends stipulated the hotel had to be cheap. This was a gem find. Less than 5 minute walk, the room was huge, and almost free. The rate was so ridiculously low and to boot I had a coupon on top of that. All was well with the stay. The lines to check in at any Vegas hotel is always long.You have to just expect that. Every time I go I wait in line and I have stayed at the very fancy and expensive ones too so I won't hold that against a hotel. It really wasn't that bad 10 minutes max and it was worth the wait because the girl who helped us was a gem and even gave us a free fridge! I found the casino was not as smokey as the other places in town ( liked that) and I loved the little bar they have out back with the 70's band. That was a hoot load of fun! You really can't beat the location and rates. I do have one complaint though. I left my power cord in the room and called right away. All of my calls have not been returned. This I find very dissapointing. Even if they did not find it( Even though I know it was there when I left so the maid stole it I am guessing) I would have appreciated at least a call back. I( rude but so Vegas) I even offered to have it shipped on my dime.	
Aug 29 2009 	Excellent Everything!	Wow... I just can't believe that the rooms are so reasonable for a hotel casino right in the middle of everything. The staff is so friendly and very good service. Carnival Court and the Flair Bartenders are so entertaining I can't stop telling people about it, I have never had that much fun watching a bartender make my drink before, a definate must. I have stayed at other hotel casino's before when visiting Las Vegas, Now Harrah's is my home away from home.The only BAD THING IS my stay there is never long enogh.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great first stay - and I will be back!	I chose Harrahs for my latest trip because I had been wanting to try it, and I received 4 nights comped in a &quot;Deluxe&quot; (renovated) room. I arrived Thursday evening around 8:00 pm with no one in the line to check-in. The check-in clerk was unable to give me the &quot;Deluxe&quot; room type because the smoking rooms in this category are only on the 3rd floor, with no view--and I always like a high-floor with a view! So I accepted a regular room on the 25th floor of the Carnival tower with a nice view of the Mirage and the exploding volcano! I got my view!The room was decently furnished and had everything I needed for my stay. The weird thing (that I had previously heard from other reviewers) is that the HVAC system is motion-activated. When you are not in the room, it doesn't cool down. It begins when you enter the room, but because of this setup, it never seemed to get as cool as I wanted it.The location is perfect! Right on the strip, with easy access to Imperial Palace, Flamingo, Caesars, Mirage, Treasure Island and the Venetian. The monorail is steps from the back of the property. Also, shuttles to various off-strip properties are in back by the valet/shuttle area. Very convenient!I used the spa 2 different days, and went after 4:00 pm when the price drops from $25 per day to only $10. I also sat out at the pool 2 days, although the pool deck is very small and doesn't accommodate a lot of chairs, so I had to sit up at the &quot;over-flow&quot; area. This wasn't too bad, although I would have rather have sat with a view of the pool. Very frequent drink service, though!I only ate at one restaurant, which was the Flavors buffet for breakfast one morning. Good food, and I was able to use a $5 off coupon that they hand out in the Carnival Court area. I also got coffee each morning at one of the 2 Starbucks coffee locations right outside the Carnival elevators, or at the 24-hour McDonalds right next door to Harrahs on the strip.Gambling was not real kind to me until just before I left when I hit for $450 on a .25 cent machine. But I still enjoyed the selection of slot machines and video poker machines (I do not play table games). I didn't put a lot of points on my Total Rewards account during my stay, but I was glad that my room was free and didn't need to play for the comps (well, I guess I previously had done that!!!).I hope to stay at this property again, although I enjoy staying at different properties every time I go to Vegas. But if this is within your price range, you will not be disappointed!	
Aug 27 2009 	Terrible Service.	When we got to the hotel check in was fine and easy. Went upstairs to find our room and things went downhill. We were so tired from the early flight and the trek through the maze of hallways we didnt even realize at first that the room was never cleaned. Towels on the floor in the bathroom as well as used cups. Messed up sheets, garbage in the bins and juice bottles on the tables. We immediately called the front desk and asked for the room to be cleaned they said they would send someone up. 30 minutes later and no one shows up. We call again and ask for a new room because we had tickets to pick up for a show and they say they are sending someone with a new key. 20 minutes later and no one is there. This is ridiculous so we go down to the front desk and wait 15 minutes to talk to a manager. In the end we got a new room and for the last 2 days of our trip an upgrade to a junior suite. Which was so much nicer than the normal room I would book one of those! I would not stay here again just to jump through hoops to get to my room.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great First Time Experience	First time in Vegas. Stayed at Harrah's Augsut 20th-26th for my 25th birthday. Check In is at 4:00 pm but we were allowed to check in early (11:00 am). Check in was rather smooth. Harrah's was cool. The rooms were clean, beds comfortable, the pillows were even better . The only complaint that i have is that the bathtub did not drain properly. It was like taking a shower and bath at the same time some days of the trip. In the early part of the morning the water was cold sometimes especially on the weekend. We ate at the Flavors buffet in the hotel which was okay. It was better for breakfast than dinner. The crab legs at dinner were fantastic. Harrah's is located at the center of he strip. The slots were okay there. The hotel was fun, there is a very live atmospehere, there was karoke inside and party outside not too much to disturb you in your room. Harrah's is directly located near the monorial( which is pretty pricey its better to take a $ 7 bus trip over a $13 monorial trip). If you want to gamble at a reasonable rate go old vegas, the freemont experience was great. We spent alot of our time at O'Sheas and Bills Gambling Hall. The are right down the street from Harrah's and also accept the total rewards card.Overall, Harrah's was a good experience. I would definitetly stay here again.	
Aug 25 2009 	Excellent trip!!!	We stayed at Harrah's Monday 8/17 through Thursday 8/20 and had an excellent time. Check-in time from arrival at Valet Parking until we were on the Casino floor - 30 minutes. Room was ready, very nice and quiet all during our stay. Staff has always been great! We wouldn't stay anywhere else!!	
Aug 25 2009 	Terrible experience...And I hadn't even made it past check-in	We had a confirmed reservation with Harrah's in Aug '09. To make a long story short, Harrah's was not accepting our reservation at check-in. We were stranded in Vegas, 2,000 miles from home and after HOURS of trying to get into a room to relax and start our vacation I called the MIRAGE across the street and they got us in. Within 10 minutes we were poolside and spending our money at MIRAGE. I should have known better not to stray from a hotel as nice as the MIRAGE...we even tacked on one more night there.	
Aug 25 2009 	Brief and Enjoyable Stay	We stayed only one (1) night before a stay in another hotel we had booked. This was our first stay ay Harrahs LV Casino and Hotel and we really liked the room and service. The room was very clean. We had a downtown and north strip view on a high floor. The room was a premium room, bright and clean as were the hallways and other parts of the hotel we walked about. We have played the casino previously and we enjoyed our time once again. We would stay again.	
Aug 24 2009 	Jackpot Baby!!!	The hotel was in the perfect location......The Valet Parking made it very easy to get to your room........And......... the $3,000 payoff on a 25cent slot (max bet) was pretty cool too!!	
Aug 23 2009 	Multiple visitor to Harrahs Las Vegas	We stay at Harrahs Las Vegas twice a year. Perhaps we have been very lucky, but we have never encountered the negative things reviewers have written about this hotel. The casino and hotel are clean, easy to navigate, and the hotel and casino staff are cordial.Carnival court with Wonderboogie and the piano bar provide great, free entertainment as well.It's not a 7 star luxury hotel, but I don't think it claims to be.Harrahs Las Vegas will continue to be our casino/hotel of choice when visiting Las Vegas. I recommend this property.	
Aug 22 2009 	Reasonable stay	My husband and I stayed at Harrah's Las Vegas from August 16 - 20. I was quite scared to stay here after reading some of the reviews. I had booked the trip through WestJet Vacations. When we arrived there were two couples in line ahead of us, two clerks helping them. We only had to wait about 5 minutes or so to be served. It could have been the time we arrived (8:30 at night). The check in process was quick. I had asked for a King size bed, and shockingly enough they did not have any. I was then asked if I wanted to upgrade (I said &quot;no&quot; immediately) or we could come back in the morning and see if there was a King bed room available. We had decided we would take the room with two queen size beds. Since I had paid for all the taxes etc., unless we were going to charge things to the room, I did not have to leave a deposit or a credit card. We said we would not be charging anything to the room. We were directed to the Mardi Gras Tower. We were on the 16th floor. For the 5 days we were there we never had to wait for an elevator, and mostly we were alone in the elevator. The room was fairly decent. It looked like it may have been updated within the last year or two. We very rarely heard any noise in the room, except if someone used the bathroom, then you could hear the water/toilet. Check out was very simple. We used the in room tv check out, the keys were left in the room. Which worked out really well, as the line for check out was very very long. We ate in the Cafe three times, the service was OK but it was expensive. And you can't beat the location. Right in the middle of the strip. Overall we were happy with this hotel.	
Aug 20 2009 	Robbed Blind	Robbed Blind ? - althurman1? - TodayThe hotel was in aged and average condition Hotel staff very min able at best upon check out I found the had charged my account $150.00 for what they called a comp upgrade anybody staying in this hotel needs to be careful .. Don&amp;apos;t expect the kind of amenities or service you would hope fore in a upscale hotel .I will never stay in this shack again given the choices in Vegas	
Aug 17 2009	First time at Harrah's and it was just OK	Stayed at Harrah's for the first time during a recent trip where I divided the time between Mirage and Harrah's. I have always wanted to stay there. (Never go to a lesser hotel directly after an awesome one FYI...lol)I was staying on a comp but still had to come up with 100.00 per night for &quot;incidentals&quot; which I think is ridiculous on a comp but whatever...it just made things get started wrong...The walk to the room was quick and easy. We were in the Mardi Gras tower.I like the Harrah's breakfast buffet and did like the fact that my players card was also a line pass so we did not have a long wait. But with that being said..we already knew we liked it . Might not have chosen it if I was judging it by the front desk folks.The room was small and worn and cramped feeling. It was clean enough but just seemed a little dank or something. It was supposed to be an upgraded room but I really don't know. It seemed a little dumpy to be the upgraded version? I know , I know, you hardly see your room...but I want a place to put my stuff! No closet just a Chiffarobe. Most storage space was taken up by the refrigerators of over priced goodies. Had to lay my phone on the floor by the outlet to charge! The casino folks were friendly. The casino itsef was a little and a bit widy curvey and tight old but I enjoyed it. The walk to access tbe strip was simple except for when you were going thru all the vendors.The Valet parking was a little slow and getting into the valet parking from the strip is a Full On Nightmare...Like I said the place is okay but I won't go back and stay there. I will find another Harrah's property. I actually like IP much better as far as the room is concerned.	
Aug 16 2009 	Glad that we didn't pay heed to bad reviews!	One week prior to our trip to Harrahs Las Vegas, my daughter called stating that after reading recent reviews about the hotel regarding poor service, security issues in the hotel and casino, theft in rooms, hookers, etc. that we should book our stay in another hotel. Since we have been staying at Harrahs properties across the US for many years, I told her that it seemed unlikely that things could have deteriorated that much in a short time. If things were bad after we checked in, we would move to a different casino.From the moment we hit the property, we received the care and treatment that we have come to expect from Harrahs. Check in was a breeze; wait staff was exceptional - casino staff too; housekeeping was friendly and did a great job. Excellent trip!!!!!!!Perhaps those that complained, did have reason to, but then again, whine, whine, whine. We look forward to our next trip !	
Aug 15 2009 	Diamond Players avoid this property.	I reserved a Deluxe Executive Suite on a comp offer on the website and when I arrived I had to practically beg for what turned out to be an oversized,rundown Classic room! Outside of being larger than the very small standard room it was terrible. Harrahs seems to take pride in offending their best customers! Diamond Players stay away from this property!	
Aug 14 2009	Not the Harrah's I remember	We stayed there Sunday through Friday and it was horrible. Our room wasn't ready until almost 5 we got there at 10 am. I complained and got no response. Would never stay there ever again	
Aug 14 2009 	Enjoyed My Stay	Went to Las Vegas for my bithday weekend. The hotel room was very comfortable. The room was very clean. We had a leak in the tolet when I called maintenance they arrived to my room within 5 mins. I arrived early and even though check-in is not until 4 pm, I was able to check-in around 11:00 am. Check-in was a very easy and fast process. This was my first visit to Las Vegas and Harrah's and I will recommend them. I really enjoyed my stay at Harrah's.	
Aug 11 2009 	Excellent excellent	We stayed at the Harrahs for 5 nights in July 2009. Excellent location at centre of the strip within short walking distance to other major hotels and attractions. We paid next to nothing to stay here ($16 a night per person). I was overwhelmed by the welcome by the concierge and frontdesk staff on our arrival. This was not my first visit to Las Vegas, but this by far was the best hotel on the strip. We were 4 adults sharing a room and there was sufficient space for us all including 7 suitcases! We also spent a lot of time at the pool area during the day and we found that there were sufficient sunbeds and the staff at the pool bar were also welcoming and accomodating. I don't have a negative comment for this hotel an excellent stay was had by all.	
Aug 11 2009 	great first time experience	my husband and his aunt and uncle and i was in las vegas for the week of july 17 2009 thru july 20 2009 since this was our first time (me and spouse) we was very surprise we stayed at harrahs and was located in the middle of everything the food was good and our room was always clean and the staff was very friendly it was always something for me and my hubbie to do since we're young went to some of the clubs and also gambled alot i would recommond this hotel to our friends who want to go and already booking our next trip to vegas we walked the strip and visited some of the more upscale hotels which was very elegant and beautiful. i would have loved to stay at one those but since this was our first time harrahs hotel was great for us. for our 50th wedding annivarsary we would splurg on a more upscale hotel but for now harrahs or one of the sister hotels would be our choice...	
Aug 10 2009 	Paid for a view room didn't get it no refund	So the hotel has some rooms that are older, a little worn out. like this one. Okay. I paid in that category. I also paid for a &quot;ROOM WITH A VIEW OF THE STRIP&quot; per their website. I got a room with a view of a parking garage and a partial view of the tops of a few buildings. And was charged the rate for a full view room. And upon complaint was told, well, you had a kinda sorta partial view so that's good enough for you, and worth the additional $20 you paid for our kind of older, worn out room that SUPPOSEDLY HAD A VIEW OF THE STRIP.There are a million hotels in Vegas, most of them with better deals that $69 on a weeknight for an old room WITHOUT THE VIEW THIS PRICE CLASS ADVERTISED ON THE WEB.There are a million hotels in Vegas, ALMOST ALL of them with better customer service than this. Hmmm... why do you think Harrah's almost ALWAYS has available rooms?Hmmmm....did it ever occur to you that one of the people staying in one of your rooms might be a travel writer?Hmmmm...	
Aug 10 2009 	Good Time with only Two Complaints	I arrived at Harrah's on Sunday, August 2nd and departed on Thursday, August 6th. I always stay there. On the plus side:1. Great location in the center of the strip, within walking distance to many casinos and places to eat.2. Good service staff. beverage servers, slot attendents, check in /check out(except one) and housekeeping.3. In house attractions: Legends in Concert show, Dueling Piano Bar, Rita Rudner show and Mac King Show. Out side: Carnival Court.4. Free shuttle service to other Harrah's properties.5. Monorail access.6. Quietness of room.7. Variety of slots. (Didn't win much but no one does anymore.)8. Variey of places to eat. I utilized Flavor's buffet.9. Security personnel.10. Elevators, never had to wait more than a couple of minutes.Minus: 2 exceptions that I experienced.1. Upon checking in, the card key wouldn't function. I believe that the locking mechanism had become demagnetized. Had to go up and down in the elevator to the lobby check in 3 times due to this and was given a suite for my inconvience.2. I am a Diamond Card holder and was supposed to receive priority service when checking out. This did not occur and had to go to the end of the line of the regular line. I have written Harrah's regarding this..Like I will receive a favorable response?In summary, I enjoyed my stay there and will choose this property again when revisiting Las Vegas, probably in October.	
Aug 6 2009 	We love Harrah's!	My husband and I stayed at Harrah's and everything was great - the room was very comfortable. No waiting at the check-in and our room was ready when we arrived. They gave us a bunch of coupons which was nice - I recommend the Mac King Comedy Show and Legends in Concert - they were both great. Harrah's is in a great location - all the &quot;main&quot; casinos are in walking distance. We always stay at Harrah's in Atlantic City and this was our first time at Harrah's in Vegas and we will go back again. Highly recommend.	
Aug 5 2009 	Very Average	We stayed at Harrahs on July 28, 2009 - August 4, 2009 in Mardi Gras Tower Room 1514 which is a deluxe room. We asked for an upgrade to a Deluxe Suite but they wanted $75 per night and we would have to move to another room on the weekend so it wasn't worth it. The room is really small. I think it's good for one person. You cannot share the bathroom because the mirror is made for a single person. Also, the TV in the bathroom is good if you are sitting on the toilet. I didn't use it. I thought when people mentioned the TV in the bathroom, it was the kind that is IN the mirror but I was wrong. The tub was dirty so we asked housekeeping to clean it again. The tub and sink would not drain properly so we asked maintenance to fix it three days in a roll before it finally worked properly. Maintenance were nice and showed up quickly but I want things fixed the first time around. Housekeeping should have noticed when she was cleaning which gives you an idea of how well they clean...This room had a view of the Mirage Volcano and you can hear the music even with the balcony door was closed. It didn't bother us because we weren't sleeping during that time. The room was pretty quiet although you can hear the toilet flushing next door. The side table moved in circles but the granite is not secured so just be careful.The location is awesome. There's a McDonald's next door for cheap quick eats. We ate at Mings Table and the Cafe at Harrahs which are both mediocre food. I'd rather go eat at other places and highly recommend Mesa Grill at Caesars and San Marco at Venetian. We took the monorail and walked everywhere. Cabs were readily available and there is a free shuttle to the Rio. Going there is usually not a problem but you may have a wait coming back unless you're a Seven Stars, Diamond or Platinum player.Spa at Harrahs was okay. Facility is very mediocre and massage was okay. Definitely go to Caesars - awesome facilities and my massage and facial were also awesome. All the properties are running summer specials so they're at excellent prices. Also had a manicure at the Riviera which was decent.Pool at Harrahs was okay. There's a place on the right side with misters so you can stay cool. There's also a sundeck upstairs on the left hand side. However, Caesars pool was much nicer even though there was construction around, the noise wasn't that bothersome.Casino is small and there wasn't a lot of choices. I lost several thousand and I felt like they didn't care or pay that much attention to rate me. I only had $26 in comps. I felt Caesars was much nicer and took care of me. Ballys was okay.Even though my room was comped based on my previous play, I don't think I would stay there again. My boyfriend said he would stay again but he wasn't in the room that much. I think if you have never stayed in Vegas and don't need a high class place, this is a good place for you. Next time, I think I'll try Caesars.	
Aug 5 2009 	Horrible	Got a great rate through expedia for during the week. We stayed one night and that was too many! Started off by waiting in a line to check in for over 30min with over 30 other groups with only 2 people checking people in! Finally got to the desk and they did not have our king bed room but they could give us a room with two queens! Great romantic vacation, my wife and I in a room with two beds! They said we could upgrade for 10 dollars and get a king bed room. I heard this happening to many other guests as well. Sounds like a scam to make more money going along with some of the other reviews here. I remember customer service being &quot;sorry sir we made a mistake and over booked, let me upgrade you for free&quot; The lady at the front desk was very rude to both me and my wife and the manager was some kid that could care less!!! I will never go back to Harrahs las vegas We stayed at MGM the next two nights paid 40 bucks more a night but got a suite, great service and had a wounderful time. Wish we had stayed at MGM all three nights!! HARRAHS SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 4 2009 	I had a great time at Harrah's!	I was very pleased with Harrah's service. I'm not a high roller just a gal on vacation and was greeted every morning in the halls by housekeeping. My room was small but clean and that's all that matters to us. The casino staff was helpful as well as the front desk. I had booked a king but only queens were available when we checked in. Pool area is smaller than the big resorts but seems to make sure that its being used only by hotel guest. Nice little outdoor bar for adult beverages while taking a cool dip. I will be staying at Harrah's again in the fall.	
Aug 4 2009 	Good Stay July 31th thru Aug 3rd	We stayed in the newly remodeled deluxe rooms on the 14th floor. The room was clean with a lot of nice features. The large flat panel TV had good reception and the smaller one in bath also had good reception. The room was quite when sliding glass door was closed. The bed was very comfortable with extra pillows for setting up in bed. The buffet is about $5.00 over priced, but good quality. The drink service is very quick even when you are not playing the machines. The dueling pianos are a very good act, both the twins and the two guys. The outside bands are very lively. Great location on the strip, easy parking very friendly staff. This is our 2nd trip to Harrah’s; we usually stay next door at Imperial Palace. The quality is better at Harrahs but costs more. I would recommend Harrahs to anybody looking for nice clean casino in a good location.	
Aug 1 2009	good deal	i would stay here again in a heartbeat. it is located right in the middle of the strip. some of the newer hotels may be fancier but are at one of the strip or the other. i don't know about you but i don't go on vacation to sit in my room. this hotel is very clean and the staff was very helpful. the breakfast buffet was very good. all in all i would recommend it	
Jul 29 2009	Harrahs Las Vegas July 19 -24 2009	We are in our mid 50's and have stayed at Harrahs twice before. We always enjoy the friendly staff and casino also the short distance from your rooom to the strip. I had a comped room this time and did not ask for an upgrade or view. We were on the 6th floor of the Mardi Gras Tower. Very quiet and a short distance from the elevator. Beds had good linen and were very comfortable.I spent one day at the pool. Quiet and relaxing, no loud music that day anyway. An older crowd. A few young people but no kids. I ordered lunch there..food was good and reasonably priced. Drink service was good also. There were cabanas but none were in use that day.Drink service was good in the casino anytime of the day or night. Overall a good midpriced hotel right in the centre of the strip.	
Jul 27 2009 	Never Again	I had planned on staying four nights (comped) in a Deluxe room at Harrahs, which is supposedly one of their nicer renovated rooms. I checked out after the first night and will never go back.I checked in on a Wednesday night and there were about six people in the check in line ahead of me with two clerks working. It shouldn't have taken long but it took about 45 minutes to get checked in. I soon realized what was taking so long; the clerks were completely incompetent and moving at the pace of snails. When I checked out the next morning the women who helped me could have been the slowest clerk I have ever encountered. At first I thought the clerks were not very intelligent but after thinking more about it I am certain they were purposely moving slow. The deluxe room I was given was disgusting. The bathroom looked like it had barely been cleaned. There was all sorts of nastiness in the tub...I didn't even want to shower. The walls were paper thin. I was bothered by loud noise all night; toilets flushing, babies crying, kids partying. I had the worst night of sleep. The sheets, towles, and so on were of really low quality. I was definitely expecting more and maybe my expectations were not appropriate but Harrahs was no where near a four star hotel which is what it portrays itself as. I will never stay at Harrahs again.	
Jul 27 2009	Be Prepared for a "dirtier" Vegas	The cheap hotel prices and airfares recently offered on various travel websites lured us to Las Vegas for the week of the 4th of July. For airfare and hotel for 5 days and 4 nights, we paid $375.00 a piece. Great price, you bet. We stayed at Harrah’s which was okay. Again, keep the price in mind. As many have noted, the casino is very smoky and the decor looks old and washed out. It is listed as a 4 star hotel but I would say more like 3 at best. There were two things that I really noticed about this trip to Vegas. The first was that no one was winning anything, except at the craps table where the odds are best. No noisy, squealing slots, no excited Black jack players, no nothing. The bottom line, casinos are hurting and they need to make up for their lost revenue somehow. Gone are the days of inexpensive food as well.The second things I noticed was how trashy everything was, the streets, the hotels, the kiosks and even the people. Again, keep in mind the cheap prices and I think you can understand what I mean. Men standing outside of casinos giving out very graphic escort cards didn’t help much. I felt sorry for the people with young children.Bottom line, if you are going to take advantage of the cheap prices, makes the decision to spend a bit more and stay at a nice hotel such as the Wynn, Venetian or Bellagio. Once you realize that you don’t want to not be walking the strip viewing all the trash, you will be glad you have a nice place to go to.	
Jul 26 2009 	Only negative on an otherwise positive trip !	After booking 6 month's in advance i was asked to take a smoking room to have a room close to friends. It stunk, so i called the front desk to see if i could change and i waited on hold for 20 minutes with no answer. so i went to front desk and waited in line another half hour only to be told no empty rooms.	
Jul 24 2009 	fantastic hotel perfect location	was very worried no one in england had heard of this hotel but we had the best time the room was clean and very comfortable the staff were friendly and hotel was so clean . the hotel was in the best location right in the middle of the strip ,your room has no fridge but if you tell them you need a fridge for medicines you get one free of charge. was extremely happy and cant find any faults with this hotel will go back to this hotel .	
Jul 21 2009 	Not such a good deal	After at least 4 yrs. of being a high roller at Harrahs, staying there about 18 times a year we are ready to go else where. Since the new owners took over it has been going down hill fast. Everywhere you look they are making cuts. From rasing the prices for food, not giving you bottle water at the cafe or buffet, no place mats and when servered a drink in the casino they will only give you a napkin if you ask for it to all of the other cut back they are making. All of this in the name of saving money. The front line employees are still great and you won't find any better anywhere but even they can not make up for the cheapskates that now run Harrahs. I understand that Harrahs is cutting back but they are not maintaining any kind of good customer service becasue of the lack of personnel.If you're in the main part of the casino during the peak hours security is okay, but if you are staying in the hotel there is no security to prevent any drunk or thief from following you onto the elevator, which has happend to me. The call girls have even figured out that they can now do business there. My husband was approched by a call girl on Sunday at 8 AM and a couple of other people told me that the same thing had happened to their husbands, boyfriends or sons.Harrahs was a classie, safe place to stay but not any more. Now I would compare it to being only a step up from Whisky Pete's at Stateline. For the overall cost it is not worth it any more.	
Jul 20 2009 	I doubt I will ever return!	Don't expect to get quality service for the cheap rates! I would pay a little extra money somewhere else for better service &amp; nicer rooms! If you can't find a better place to stay then you didn't look very hard. We only took the offer cause we were comped 2 nights and paid $45/ per night for the next 2 nights.....	
Jul 18 2009	best place in vegas	I cannot say enough about how great all the staff are from the first day the room we had requested to the day we were to leave on the last day i became very ill they called EMS their own medical people i was put in the hospital they made sure my daughter had our room for as long as we needed at the lowest rate i think they could go plus a free nite they where so kind the food there was awsome other then getting ill look forward to going back had agood time.S.Spence	
Jul 17 2009 	Best Bed	Of all the hotels we have stayed in on the Strip, Harrah's had THE most comfortable bed. After a long day af walking and gambling it took 2 seconds to fall asleep. What a delight to wake up in a few hours, fully rested and not achy at all.The room was a bit small and the overall hotel was not the best but not dumpy either. That bed made up for any shortcomings.	
Jul 16 2009 	Heads it's nice. Tails not so nice.	I may have put down an overall rating of 3 but it's more like 2.5.First off, I truly dislike the current practice of offering a low rate at the time of the reservation only to fly in and find out there's a large deposit required in order to check-in. Whatever happened to, &quot;we just need a credit card for incidentals.&quot; This draws my ire and a considerably lower rating.The best part of my stay had to be the location, parking, and housekeeping. Harrah's is on the central strip, offers decent parking, and housekeeping was very kind and consistent. If it weren't for the housekeeping, I probably would've checked out early and stayed elsewhere.The worst part of my stay involved check-in (second worst ever) and the old television in my room. I think I was in one of the rooms that still needed a TV upgrade.Some things remain a constant. Range Steakhouse was fantastic, the gift shops I find very friendly, and it remains a terrific base location for the strip (as if it were gonna move anytime soon.) ;)I've stayed at Harrah's before so I know what it's like to have things nice and not as nice. All-in-all this is what I consider the Strip's average casino. Great location with a few random surprises.	
Jul 16 2009 	Won't be back to Harrah's	I was disappointed with this hotel. It started with us waiting almost 45 minutes to check in. That's just crazy. Although once we got up to the desk, the woman was pleasant enough. The hotel and casino needs to be updated. And the pool was the worse! There was ring of dirt around the rim of the pool. And there are no trees or cover of any kind. It was like swimming on the streets of New York City. I almost got a 2nd degree burn when I touched the metal railing of the hot tub. If you go the Vegas to relax at the pool, find another hotel. The room was ok but no real amenities because I got what I paid for, a standard room. Nothing horrible but nothing special, either. When we got home, we found that our iPOD docking station was missing from our computer bag. We put the computer itself in the safe, but not the docking station. It was definitely taken during our stay at Harrah's. All things considered, I would not go back to Harrah's Las Vegas.	
Jul 16 2009 	Adequate - Pay a Lot Extra for Everything	I stayed at Harrah's in early July 2009.The deal on the room rate was very good via Hotels.com.Unlike some other reviewers my room was adequate with a reasonable view from the 12th floor.The room was spacious and clean but bare bones - not even a coffee maker.The reason there is no coffee maker is they whack you [a lot] for absolutely everything.I knew the days of the 99 cent buffets were long gone [not that I want cheap eats anyway] but I was shocked at how pricy the dining was in Vegas.I paid $20 a day for a basic breakfast, a slice of pizza and a coke was $11 and decent dinners at steakhouses ran $62 to $97 for me for one person.Like the previous reviewer here I too had a security issue: after I checked in I was waiting for the elevator and a man &quot;helped&quot; me by holding the elevator for me. On the way up he gave me his tale of woe about how his buddies went home with his wallet and airplane tickets in their luggage and how he couldn't even get to the airport to get home because he didn't have any cash. He got off on my floor continuing the story about how nobody would help him and when I told him he should call the police he became abusive and threatening. I guess he thought I just fell off the hay wagon from Kansas but I've seen more creative scams in Prague, Shanghai and Bangkok.My check in time was nil but apparently I was lucky because there was generally a long line every other time I walked by (see photo.) I didn't receive any show or other comps so I didn't bother paying extra.Also like the previous reviewer I noticed a marked drop in machine payouts on the strip. I too thought it was on par with or less than local indian or state-run casinos. Downtown casinos were a bit better but I was amazed at how fast the money disappeared. I realize one should expect to lose every penny but they used to let you be entertained for an hour or two before it was gone. Not now.Overall the hotel was adequate and it's still fun to see the lights and glitz of Vegas but hold onto your wallet and don't trust anyone.	
Jul 14 2009 	Good overall but showing signs of the Vegas economic depression	Stayed four nights at Harrahs at an excellent rate of 42.00 a night. Nice clean room and pleasant enough atmosphere.. Services were hampered by the obvious cutbacks in staff. Check in only had two staff and I had to queue for over an hour despite it not being a peak time. I arrived late at night after a 12 hour drive and after the check in ordeal ordered room service. It took 2 hours to arrive and the harried but none the less pleasant server told me he was working alone. Its really sad to see the staff who are obviously depressed and worried but still trying to paste on a smile and be professional. The in room internet was free YAY! but not working for two of the four days...Those things notwithstanding this is still a good choice with its mid strip location, older furnishings but still very comfortable rooms, and friendly staff.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great 2 Night Stay	This was my first trip to Harrah's Las Vegas to say the least it was a very good one! The deluxe room was a great value at just 69/night (The one flaw was the Band at the Carnival Bar played until 3am). The service was great, and everyone was very friendly. Added with the prime location on the strip made for a great birthday weekend with the wife. I would highly recommend Harrah's to anyone and I will be going back next time I'm back in Vegas.	
Jul 10 2009 	My last trip to Vegas	I traveled with friends to Vegas from July 3rd to July 7th. I had not been there for about 3 or 4 years. This time we stayed at Harrahs on the strip. Harrahs is in a great location. Right in the center of all of the action. If you don't want to rent a car, it is a perfect location since it is within walking distance to the Flamingo, Ballys, Cesars, Imperial Palace, MGM Grand and Paris.  We got an upgraded room at check-in. We asked for a fridge for my friends medication, which they said was no problem and would deliver it to the room promptly. Check in time ( line) took about 50 minutes. The room was nice and clean. Very comfortable beds! However, the fridge did not arrive after waiting approx. an hour so my friend took her meds and put them in the &quot;mini bar fridge&quot; and we went on downstairs to gamble. When we got back that evening, the fridge still had not been delivered. We called the front desk and she told us it would be delivered in a few minutes. Again after waiting an hour we decided to go to bed. At noon the next day, stilll no fridge. We called again and finally after about 30 minutes the fridge was delivered. My friend changed her medications from the mini bar to the regular fridge.  Harrah's machines need to be upgraded. They still have the same old machines from 10 years ago. They had very few new machines. The machines did not pay off for us. The machines at our local Indian casinos are so much better and newer and they actually pay off! Be prepared to pay for every convience at Harrahs. They charge 4.99 at their ATM's for money or balance inquiries. They charge 3.85 for a glass of tea. An 8 ounce bottle of water is 3.95. 12.00 for a sandwich. An extra 2.00 to get anything to go from their resturants. It cost 5.00 to use their internet to try an access our boarding passes. The internet never did work for us after putting in 10.00. Some drunk on the second floor came out of the Toby Keith's bar and decided to hit me HARD on my butt while I was trying to get the internet access to work. He thought it was halarious. It has been 3 days and I still have a hand sized bruise on my butt. If I had not been so stunned by his actions, I would have immediately called security. Instead, I waited for about 5 minutes and called them when I got back into my room. I asked the front desk to put the 10.00 back on our tab since the internet never would work. They said they had nothing to do with that and I had to call the internet provider to get a refund. I told them about the man hitting me, they connected me with security, who told me I should have called them from the location it happened. Silly me, I thought they had security cameras everywhere. Oh well, live and learn. We had a nice dinner for four at the Outback Steakhouse. Steak and lobster tail for each of us , 3 teas and a water with tip was 176.00  We paid 60.00 per person at the Rio for the seafood dinner and I would not recommend it for the price.Over the course of 4 days, using our Harrahs cards and playing at their sister casino's we only recieved 41.00 in comps. But the biggest surprise of all was at check out. They charged us 50.00 for using the mini bar for my friends medications. Apparently, if you use their in room fridge for anything personal they charge 50.00. NO EXCEPTIONS!! I am guessing that is why it took 2 days to get the fridge delivered to our room. I guess when the economy is bad and people are not spending as much money gambling they feel they have to rob them any way they can to make up the bottom line. Anyway, that was my last trip to Vegas. I will drive the 30 miles to the Indian casinos where they have great comps, all of the newest machines that actually pay off and treat me with respect. Over the years I have been to Vegas probably 20 times. I have stayed in the some of the least expensive to the most expensive hotels. I have found the best way to do Vegas is to rent a condo, and rent a car. That way you have all of the comforts of home and a car to go anywhere you want to go, anytime you want to go. The condos are usually about 150 to 250 for a week and the car is about the same. The condo will usually sleeps at least 4 and has washer and dryers, dishes, cooking utensils, outdoor grills, complete kitchens, a jaccuzi in the condo and a pool outdoors.	
Jul 9 2009 	Best locationBest DealBest buffetLove the outdoor carnival theme !!!	We had the best time ever , great deal and room was very nice good size and away from noise .Great selection of economical food and stores One minor complaint staff at other harrah's have been much more attentive but for price don't mind if they don't look up when they talk to you . Will definitely be back !!!	
Jul 8 2009 	Served me well	I stayed at this property July 1 - 4. No complaints at all. Check in was great and a room was ready for me at 10:30 a.m. I was in the Carnival Tower and those rooms have not had a face lift in awhile but it was clean and had everything I needed. Agree with other posts that the pool isn't the best. It's a bit cramped and by late in the day there was lots of debris around that should've been cleaned up. I did not have any meals at Harrah's, but there are certainly plenty of options. Love the energy of the live music outside and the piano bar inside. Used the shuttle to Rio to check out WSOP. Good, low cost option in a great location.	
Jul 8 2009 	Excellent service	Me and my mom and my two boys stayed here while visiting family that lives in Vegas. Everyone was great and very nice even to the boys. Would definitly stay here again, great location and great service.	
Jul 8 2009 	Vegas Surprise	My husband and I stayed at Harrah's for our vacation. After reading the reviews I was scared to death because a lot of them were negative. Harrah's was totally awesome. I was stunned. The room was neat and tidy, roomservice was excellent, and my husband upgraded our room to a &quot;view&quot;, because it was my first Vegas trip. It was a perfect view. I could see the full volcano erupt at the Mirage. It was perfect. I did learn a few things as a first time Vegas visitor and expecting the worst. I feel obligated to share.1. There were lots of negative reviews about the &quot;smokey&quot; smell of the hotel/casino. HELLO! The hotel was built in 1972, people were smoking EVERYWHERE (you couldn't escape it). Have some freaking sense people! Smokers are going to smoke hence a &quot;smokey&quot; smell. I think a lot of the reviews were dramatized. My husband is allergic to tobacco smoke, he did not have one allergy attack. It wasn't that bad at all.2. There were lots of negative reviews about &quot;upgrades with a view&quot;. OK, I personally think that when people hear &quot;a view&quot; they think of the movies where you can see the whole strip. That ain't gonna happen at Harrah's, youre in the middle of the strip. The views are great but don't set yourself up for disapointment. 3. There were lots of complaints about the rooms, plugs, and things of that nature. What I don't understand is, why would you go on vacation to Vegas and sit in your hotel room and play on your laptop, text on your phone, and watch TV. That is a waste. The rooms are totally efficient to those who go to Vegas to play. If you have other intentions this is not the hotel for you. Only bad side of the room, no in house coffee pot. That sucked.There where a few other things that I wish I had a warning about. Here's the tips for first time Vegas vacationers. 1. Plan extra cash for food, we sooooo underbudgeted meals. It's not cheap to eat in Vegas no matter what people tell you. 2. There are people handing out &quot;dirty&quot; business cards everywhere. A teenage boys dream! These cards end up scattered all over the ground and can be easy to slip on. 3. Don't get obliterated drunk in Vegas. C'mon people, it's ok to drink but know when to say when. I thank God I have a big heart, I helped quite a few girls find their hotel rooms when they could barely walk. One girl was in the wrong hotel. Not good people.I personally think Vegas is not for families, but who am I to judge? I did have a personal problem with people with babies in their strollers, walking around at 1 AM. I do think that's way inappropiate. Please people, Vegas is great and I wish I would of had my little boy with me to see LOVE, the Volcano, and the Bellagio fountains. But as a parent, I know he can wait a while to see that stuff, plus I video taped it for him. Overall Vegas is an adult town, not recommended for small children. MY OPINION ONLY!Last tip: Check on Toby Keith's Bar and Grill. Good food, great service. A real hardworking and sweet serving staff.	
Jul 6 2009	Check-out surprise ruined my stay.	I booked a classic room, but upon arriving I decided to pay $15 more a night for a newly remodeled room in the Mardi Gras tower, after my $20 sandwich trick failed to score me a free upgrade.The room was nice, and it included an LCD tv. The bed was really nice, and they provided plenty of pillows, and a duvet, I believe. The view was kinda stank, but none of the Harrah's rooms offer a really good view of the Strip.The bathroom was also nice. Granite counter, nice tiles, a nice big mirror and a shower that provided plenty of pressure and hot water.But, my stay was ruined upon checking out. I left a cash deposit, so I had to visit the front desk before checking out. I was informed that I owed $60 in long distance charges. I asked how this could be, as I only used the phone 4 times, for a total of 10 to 12 minutes. The clerk told me there was a $11 fee just for connecting. WTF? How do they justify this? They can't! They only charge the ridiculous fee to fleece unsuspecting guests. Very greasy!	
Jul 5 2009 	When I go to Vegas again I will not stay at Harrahs!	We stayed from 6/27/09 until 7/2/09 and paid extra to have our room upgraded. The roomcould have used a refrigerator and coffee pot. We stay at Harrahs in Atlantic City all thetime and the new tower there is beautiful. I can't imagine what the room would have looked like if we didn't have to pay for the upgrade. The shows were good - comedyat the Improv and the Legends concert. The cocktail waitresses were nasty. We hadbooked a tour to the Hoover Dam and at the desk where we purchased the tickets wewere never told since it was a Sunday there would be horrible traffice due to peoplegoing home to Arizona and California. The tour guide informed us of this but it wasalready too late we had purchased our tickets. The woman at the desk should informcustomers when they are purchasing tickets. We were lucky because we did nothave plans for that evening otherwise we would have been late returning back to thehotel. Once on the bus the air conditioning was hardly working and everyone wascomplaining since the it was 107 outside. The tour guide was great but the company shouldn't have sent the bus out - and this was booked by Harrahs. The pool ishorrible compared to other pools in the area. Also,played slots for 5 days and couldn'twin anything. We went across the street to the Mirage and we won!!!A few days into the trip my husband got ill so I called my own doctor for a prescription.When I asked the information desk where the closest pharmacy she told me therewas one near the MGM. Had to take a cab there only to find out from the valet thatthere was one right near the Venetian - next hotel near Harrahs. They should bemore informed. So next trip I will not stay here - maybe will try a sister hotel. I stilllove Harrahs in Atlantic City much better.	
Jul 5 2009 	bowling tournament	stayed at the rio,,what a shame,, this was a classie joint 10 years ago,,now its worst than corner juke shop,, no courtesy,,jus money grabbers,, they shipped my bowling bag an destroyed the bag and would not even refund the cost of shipping,,, never go any where these people operate,, what a shame	
Jul 2 2009 	Great room great time	We just got back from a 5 night stay. I read a lot of reviews and thought that it was going to be a nightmare getting the correct room that I had booked. I had a room comped at Ceasers but then as I was watching the sight they had the executive suite at Harrahs available comped for all nights. So I switched my reservations because I was taking my son for the first time to Vegas and he is 25. I thought the suite would be better because it has a separate bedroom. Also Harrahs right in the middle of it all. When we arrived at the hotel I was prepared for an argument but when I checked in they didn’t even ask any questions and gave me the keys to the suite. What a room this was. There was a huge bedroom, huge bathroom with Jacuzzi with a separate shower area and a living room. The living room had a fold out couch for my son. No view but I never ask for a view. If I want a view then I would take the helicopter ride over Vegas. The maid service was great. We left notes and when we returned we had everything we asked for. Absolutely no complaints with the staff, they were all very helpful but I also didn’t have a lot of questions for them being I have been there in the past. Check out was a breeze. Check out early am and use the bell service for your luggage, there are no lines. The pool wasn’t the greatest but I only was there in the morning reading the paper. Things were great. We are going back in a few months and my son wants to stay at Harrah again. The weather was in the 100’s but if you take the monorail then that helps you get out from the heat. The best part of the trip was I won 3 jackpots, 2 at Harrahs and 1 at Bills. I have stayed at alot of Harrahs resorts in Vegas and AC and have never had a problem in Vegas, only AC.	
Jul 1 2009 	Harrahs enjoy life	Overall very good and an enjoyable experience.Check in was ok but was made to give a credit card deposit of $200 even though I paid in advance, the way they refunded it meant I now have an oustanding CC bill beware if travelling from outside the US as you will lose out.The room on the 27th floor of the Mardi Gras tower was everything i wanted spacious nice bed and bathroom which was fine. the view was not the greatest but having been to vegas many times before hardly bothered me.The facilities at the hotel are fine, try the spa the facilities are good nice gym sauna stream room etc.the pool is fine , I am not one for lying by the pool bou swim and the poo was good first thing in the morning to swim inThe buffet is the best I have eaten at in veas in a long time, the cafe was ok and I never tried the rest.I enjoyed gambling in there , but would prefer no smoking (when will they finally ban it) as it can get quite smokey in there.Location is superb no buses or expensive taxis to catch you can walk everywhere from here on the strip.I would definetely stop here again	
Jul 1 2009 	NEVER AGAIN	First night, no hot water, not even warm, they moved us next day, but because the room was not ready, they had to take our luggage to bell station (another tip), we were told to come back around 4, not to stand in line, just walk up and ask for key. I did this, only to be screamed at by one of the front desk clerks, who had no business working with the public, which embarrased me and actually made me cry, because I was sick, running 103, the manager tried to make me happy by giving me a $30 room service credit, which at check out they tried to charge me. The next 6 nights were in a room that the AC sucked and would not go below 78, but the front desk people are the main problem, they are rude and I would never, never go back. Harrah's your hotel is really going down hill.	
Jul 1 2009 	Good Hotel Great Location	My friends and I stayed in room 722 of the Carnival Tower June 25-27, 2009. The Good: Location! This hotel is center strip. Easy walk to other properties and there is a &quot;food court&quot; right outside of the door. We did not eat there. There is a Starbucks right off of the elevators too. Room was fine for 3 guys. It is a little small but we didn't have much with us. Room was clean and has a safe. Harrahs is willing to work with you on price to get you in the door too.The Bad: Self parking garage is confusing to enter. Table limits were $10 even on slow mornings. Casino Royal is right next door with lower limits. View from this room was of the parking garage. No big deal.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great Value	We had a room in the Mardi Gras tower, it was a newer room with a flat screen tv and even one in the bathroom. The room was very nice, a little on the small side but really didn't care because it was just me and the wife. Bed was comfortable and the location can't be beat (Center Strip). Very good value.	
Jun 30 2009 	great locaton	I would like to start by saying the rooms were very clean and spacious and the bed was very comfortable. That was the best part of the stay. I would suggest that they put a coffee pot and a small refigerator in the rooms. It would have been nice to be able to make a cup of coffee when you wake up.The negetive part was when we made the reservations I was not told that the hotel asks for a credit card and then charges that card $100.00 per night that you stay, even if your room is comp. You can imagine my surprise when they wanted to charge me $600.00 without telling me. Most hotels will take your card and hold it with out a charge until you check out. I would highly suggest that the reservation people explain this policy when the reservation made.	
Jun 28 2009 	Happy with our stay	This was our first stay at Harrah's and we were traveling with first timers to Vegas. I had read the reviews on the problems at check-in so I was more than a bit antsy. We (the wives) waited in line for about 25 minutes. I could see some unhappy people at the counter (I over heard one person and they had a reservation thru travelocity and it wasn't showing up in the Harrah's system). Once my friend and I arrived at the desk, the clerk took both our reservations (we booked separately) and we asked to be in the same tower but I knew we had paid for a newer room. She was able to put us both in the Carnival Tower (I think we were to be in the Mardi Gras with the newer flat screen tv's. . . whatever, I didn't come to Vegas to watch tv). Our room was on the 16th floor, very comfy bed, and a view of the volcano at Mirage. My husband and I were happy with our room. Our friend were happy with their room as well.Overall, we thought Harrah's was easier to get around than our previous trips to the Flamingo. We were also happy with both the buffet and their cafe.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great hotel..pool..just ok..	My husband and I stayed at Harrah's from May 4th- 9th..Upon checking in @ 11:30 a.m. our room was ready, we had a room on the 15 floor in the Mardi Gras tower..rooms were nice, nothing to complain or rave about...but when in Vegas..no need for a big fancy room. I was not impressed with the Casino. the layout did not make me want to gamble there..We liked the casinos on Freemont Street..much more variety, and the waitresses were always around!! Harrah's is right in the middle of everything, we went to the Revolution club at the Mirage..so wearing my heels wasn't a big deal because of the short walk. The pool was ok, smaller than alot of other Vegas pools, but we were able to find two pool chairs..and were out there till the closing time of 6..drinks were 10 bucks a piece for a daquiri, which I guess is reasonable..overall we are staying again in the end of August so I guess they got us to come back.. ( no problems with smoke in the room and we are non-smokers..	
Jun 24 2009 	Horrible!! Never again	My stay at Harrah's was from June 18-22. Once we arrived, I expected to at least be greeted kindly, but instead, I was greeted by a very grumpy woman who only appeared to be anxious to clock out. We were offered to pay $10 more for a room with a view, to which we agreed to do. Needless to say, once we walked in the room, it was old, it smelled bad, and the view was overlooking the air conditioners. I called the front desk to be moved to a renovated room, which she agreed to move us, however, since it was still an &quot;upgrade&quot;, we still needed to pay $46. My girlfriend checked in that same evening and was given the same room for no extra charge. The staff insisted that it was still an upgrade and the charges needed to apply. No one was flexible to give me a reasonable explanation on the charges. I can tell you that this was the last time I will step foot in that hotel.	
Jun 24 2009 	Horrible Front Desk Staff	They say the first person you meet sets the tone for the remainder of your stay and I never knew how true that is. I recently checked in at Harrah's while on a get-away trip with friends. When I got to the desk the girl was the most rude person I've experienced in a long while. McDonald's drive-thru staff have better customer service skills. I looked at the other checking in guests and they all seemed to be equally as miserable but the one I had won the prize. Since she couldn't handle the check in, 'Alame' didn't get anything right with the rooms. During the process with her perceived problems she went to a supervisor for assistance who seemed to just as unhappy with his job as she was. So, the check-in was terrible, the rooms were not right, and the rudeness of this person set the tone for the rest of my stay.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Location and Great Beds	Just got back from my first trip to Vegas. Birthday gift from my husband. Harrah's Las Vegas is a great hotel to stay in. check in was very quick and easy. Our room was average, but then again, if we slept for 12 hours in 4 days it was alot. I can't say anything bad about the hotel. It was clean, everyone was friendly, and the beds were OHHHH so comfortable (especially for those tired legs and feet). I would stay here again, because of it's location on the strip. It has a monorail stop right in the hotel, and you are close enough to all the action within walking distance on the strip. I loved it here. I did not find it smokey at all (and I do not smoke). The service in the casino was quick. I would recommend.	
Jun 22 2009 	Not bad for the price	This was my first trip to Vegas and my in-laws whom we traveled with love Harah's so that is where we stayed. The price was definitely reasonable, the room was clean and the pool was basic but totally satisfying. However I did have issues trying to get clean towels delivered to the room. I did tell management and they credited our room a small amount for our inconvenience. I thought the pillows were nice but the bed seemed a little hard for my tastes. If I were to go back to Vegas, I would definitely pay a little more and stay at the Venetian, Wynn or Mirage. The casino was ok but not as nice as some of the other hotels. I was upset that in order to use the fitness center, you had to pay a daily fee. As much as we were spending eating there and in the casino (not to mention paying for the room itself), this seems like a no-brainer in order to not annoy your guests. The hotel was in a great location in the center of the many other casinos which was nice.	
Jun 20 2009 	In Vegas you only need a bed	Harrah's is good enough because you'll be so drunk you won't care that it's only a three star hotel! The rooms are clean and you might get a room with a view if you ask, but who cares, it's Las Vegas! Go have a drink at a Blackjack tables and forget about your issues with the hotel.Do eat at the Penazzi restaurant rather than &quot;Flavors&quot;.	
Jun 20 2009 	Hotel - good value for the money ; Casino - run down 	Harrah's offers a reasonably priced hotel for such a great location. It is across the street from Mirage &amp; Caesar's Palace. We upgraded to a room in the Mardi Gras Tower from the Carnival Tower after finding our original room smelled like smoke even though it was a non-smoking room. We were told all the rooms in the Mardi Gras Tower have been recently refurbished/updated. If the view from your window is important to you, stay away from Room #506 and other even #'s rooms around it and the floors below it as it faces the heating/air conditioning units. The room was well appointed &amp; spacious. We could not hear hallway noise but we could hear our neighbors very well through the connecting suite door. If you like your room kept cool, keep the air conditioning set at the lowest temperature. We think the a/c might be motion activated since we found it became cooler the longer we were back in the room as if it wasn't on all day long. We pulled the curtains closed to try to keep the room cool but the maid service pulled them wide open every day after cleaning the room. The ammenities bar is set up with some kind of monitoring system that will charge you for just removing the item from its spot so if you do not want what you see, don't even move it! Bathroom was spacious and clean. Towels very clean. Shower pressure not so good but adequate. Flat panel television in the bathroom was a nice touch. Bed was very comfortable and sheets &amp; blanket were very clean. Onto the casino. Unfortunately, NOTHING influenced me to gamble here. The casino is very dingy &amp; outdated. I was surprised that Harrah's has let it go so much since it also owns so many upscale casinos on the strip. The slots are boring &amp; the tables mundane. I'm not sure what the theme of this hotel is as it's trying to be many things for many people at the same time. I would suggest they hire someone to clean the glass doors of the main entrance every 30 minutes as they are full of greasy handprints all the time. Nothing is inviting to the outside passerby to stop by &amp; gamble. Skip the restaurants especially the cheap steak &amp; eggs late night dinner. Go to Denny's for breakfast a few steps down the street. You'll save a ton of $$. I'm predicting that this casino will be the next one to be imploded because the cost to update &amp; refurbish it will be more than to just start over. If I had to stay here again, I probably would for the reasonable cost, the location &amp; clean/comfortable rooms.Hope you enjoy your stay!	
Jun 19 2009 	No where better....	We booked two adjoining rooms one for my handicapped husband and I and one for my 83 year old Mother who has health issues. We needed to keep her close as she takes needles for diabetes. We arrived late at around midnight on March 22nd and there were no adjoining rooms available. Our clerk discussed something with his manager and we were put in a two bedroom, three bathroom suite adjoining overnight and my Mother woke up on her 84th birthday in luxury as she deserved. They let us stay there until 1 or 2 pm and Susan Hayward (I believe was her name) on the phones constantly reassured us there would be an adjoining room available. Within an hour we were settled in a great room adjoining my Mother and we thoroughly enjoyed our trip and the first class service we received everywhere in Harrah's. We will be returning.Way to go Staff!!!!Lynne Kowalchuk - Winnipeg, Canada	
Jun 19 2009 	Good location but poor service	My stay at Harrah's was from June 7-10. I was given a room on the 16th floor although my reservation had requested a room on a lower floor. On June 8 it was necessary for me to speak to management before I received an extra pillow. One day before departure a soiled pillowcase was left on top of my cosmetics in the bathroom. Although the location of the hotel is good, security was not visible. On several nights I observed young men loitering near the elevators.	
Jun 17 2009 	so'so stay at Harrah's	My girlfriend I and stood at Harrah’s from June 7th till the 11th for a quick getaway and some fun in the sun. At Harrah's you get pretty much what you pay for an average hotel at a very good price 40 US a night. There are some pretty good things about staying at Harrah’s for one the location is amazing, Harrah’s is pretty much center strip so if you want to go on the gondolas in the venetian or see the fountains of the Bellagio it’s all a short walk or a monorail stop away. Secondly contrarily to what people say I felt the prices at the restaurants were pretty reasonable. We ate at Toby’s on two occasions and our meals as well as our drinks came out to 35 dollars or less on both occasions, “12 dollars for two pitchers of beers is a great deal for all you drinkers out there” Check in was a breeze we arrived at 10am and our room was ready for us and we got free coupons to see Mac king “with purchase of drink at show”. The rooms are pretty small true but you’re in Vegas there is no need to stay in the room for long periods of time.  Now for the bad, the pool is terrible. They are definitely going to have to close the pool soon and change the lining on the floor it’s lumpy and falling apart and to top it off the pool area is extremely dirty. We stayed there for four nights and went to the pool every day to tan and there was a bloody bandage right next to the steps of the pool from the day we checked in till the day we left. Also we went to use the Jacuzzi at nine thirty am one day only to find that there were cups and beer bottles still laying around it from the night before pretty gross. The room we were staying in seemed to lack any plugs so if you wanted to charge your cell phone you would have to either unplug something or charge it in the bathroom.  For all those who have already booked a room at Harrah’s beware check your credit card statements while you are there. Harrah’s ask for a deposit when checking for room service and incidentals the receptionist will say you can either give her two hundred dollars in cash for this or your credit card will be charged one hundred dollars a day on incidentals, which the hotel will hold until you check out. Needless to say we gave them cash only to find out two days later that they were taking money out of my card anyway, I had to go downstairs and speak to a supervisor twice before they fixed this needless to say it was a big headache. Overall the hotel is average I would say above average if it weren’t for the terrible pool area.	
Jun 17 2009 	Very Good	No coffee pot in room, would have been nice, (stayed last time a Planet Hollywood, same thing no coffee pot), would be nice if one was provided.Left time for cleaning lady, but had to keep asking for her to leave conditioner, if didn't would replace used one. Cocktail waitresses seems in all of the casinos, were very rare, but noticed that at the tables there was always one there, machine players spend just as much as table players would have been nice to see more cocktail waitresses. Overall the hotel reception was very helpfull with our questions we had.	
Jun 16 2009 	Below Expectations	My husband and I stayed at Harrah's for 6 nights from June 9th thru the 15th. We stayed in the Mardi Gras Tower, which was clean but very small. Upon arrival we updated to a newly-remodeled room, flat panel TV, nice bedding and a safe. We got a view of the air conditioning unit and a brick wall. I was really surprised to see that there was no dresser space, and the only drawers in the room for storage was the two bed-side night stands and a tiny set of drawers in the closet. The bathroom was nice, and there is a flat panel TV in there, but who needs that ammenity in Vegas? You were in the bathroom no longer that you needed to be, due to the loud noise that the vents made when you turned on the bathroom lights. This was our 5th trip to Vegas in 4 years. We love the city and have been to some really nice hotels. We will definately not be staying at the Harrah's in the future.	
Jun 16 2009 	Wouldn't stay here again.	My husband and I stayed here June 9-13th. This hotel is average at best. Stayed in the Mardi Gras tower on 14th floor. Very clean, but very small. Bare bones.. This hotel was extremely crowded and noisy too. The carnival court offers nothing but LOUD music. Found it miserable to even sit out there and sadly that is the only place you can sit outside other than the pool area which is not even good enough to call BLAH. I could have picked Flamingo for the same price. Having seen Flamingo I can tell you I made a huge mistake.. The ONLY good thing about this hotel is the location. It's in the middle of everything. If you just want a place to lay your head, this would be an ok choice.	
Jun 15 2009 	Clean room and great location!	I booked this package through Allegiant Air so I didn't have the choice of an upgraded room, thereby staying in their &quot;classic room&quot; in the Carnival Tower. Room wasn't too small, had two queen beds, a small table and two chairs. The view out the window wasn't anything special (parking garage) but I didn't mind. My bed wasn't too uncomfortable but it wasn't a pillowtop either. The sheets, carpet and bathroom were clean so that's all that mattered. The a/c kept the room a comfortable temperature and there was plenty of hot water in the shower although the pressure wasn't like I was used to at home. I am a smoker and did notice the room smelled like smoke as soon as we walked in the door. This would bother a non-smoker.However....the walls are very thin. We heard the neighbors come into their room every morning from 4:00 to 4:30 and would wake us up. They'd talk and laugh so loud that we'd wake up and couldn't get back to sleep. We'd hear the maids rolls the carts in the morning or knocks on the doors several rooms down. The casino was a little confusing to my mother-in-law so she stayed in one small area so she wouldn't get lost. It was well lit and bright during the day so it didn't feel like you were playing in a dungeon (like The Rio). Cocktail waitresses were non-existent before noon but were around most any other time. The dealers were very friendly (with the exception of one) and entertaining. The Cafe' had two steak specials that weren't bad and very, very reasonably priced. I was amazed at the number of young adults that stayed there. I did get very tired of seeing scantily dressed young females but that's more of a personal opinion than fault of the casino. My boyfriend, who couldn't go with me, would have loved it there. :-) Check in was fairly fast. There was no more than 5 people ahead of me. Checkout was extremely fast because there was no one in line at all. I had one problem with my bill and that's because they wanted to charge me $4.31 for a bottle of water that neither of us drank but it was quickly taken off my bill with no questions asked. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Jun 15 2009 	Convenient location	Just got back from my stay...June 10th thru 13th. Upon checking at 8:OO p.m. we were conventially told our rooms weren't ready !!! Then they offered to upgrade our room for an addtl. $10 per night.....THEY should have upgraded us at NO CHARGE...! They stated we would have balconies,etc....WE HAD A BALCONY view of a horrendous building...SOME VIEW...!!!Walls in room are paper thin. Heard &quot;carnal&quot; noises from the room next door. They need to upgrade the ventilation system in the casino area....!!! Horrible issue's with smoke. When we went to the Venetian is was totally diff.--NO SMOKE issues there..... I will say the piano bar was fun....THE LOCATION is very convenient though......!	
Jun 14 2009 	Horrible Experience!!	This was my WORST experience in regards to as Harrahs property! Was offered a COMPED Premium Executive Suite but when I got to the hotel was told this was not available, and was told I would be given a premium room. This was unexceptable and eventually after a half hour of complaining and dealing with hotel managers was given the suite. Suite was OK but by now I was very frustrated. Ate at Toby Keiths Bar and Grill and was VERY disappointed, way overpriced and not that great! Cafe was also not very good and very overpriced for a cafe. The topper was when I got home I noticed a $98.10 charge on my credit card for a room I didn't stay in, and to this day they will not refund my money. I'm in the process of getting the money back and will pursue it until it's refunded. I will NEVER stay at this or any other Harrahs property ever again and that's unfortunate becuase we stay at the HArrahs in Reno and have always been treated good, this Harrahs was a HUGE disappointment!!!!!!! I would never recommend this place.	
Jun 14 2009 	Better than some but many are better	This place has some sort of generic feel to it. Nothing sexy or exciting about it. The pool at my gym is actually bigger than this hotel's. The Carnival Court was cool and the food was decent but pricey at a few of the restaurants we visited. The machines were tight. It's a clean hotel and the employees seemed very eager to please but it just dosen't have the &quot;POP&quot; that a place in the middle of the strip should have.	
Jun 11 2009 	Much Much Nicer Than I Had Anticipated	This was my first time staying at Harrahs and I booked 1 night (just in case I didn't like it) at a rate of $39 for their cheapest room. And cheap was what I had expected. The only thing that was bothersome to me was the wait at check in. There must have been 20 of us in line and there were only 2 reservation clerks. Each person being checked in took at least 10 to 15 minutes each but I don't blame this on the clerks but the stupid people who have to ask a hundred questions! Finally, someone from the Diamond desk came out and took 5 of us to their desk. It didn't really save time but you can tell Diamond members receive special care. I asked for a room away from Carnival Court bar and I received a room in the Carnival Court Tower. Very, very nice room with new furnishings except for the TV. My first room that had a mini bar but of course I didn't dare use it. There were 2 queen beds with no bed spreads on them for which I am glad of. The bathroom was very large and nicely appointed with nice toiletries. The tiling looked to be new. The one thing I was very impressed with was the way the room doors close. They close quietly not with a banging sound. Excellent invention! I was very pleased with the room overall and would stay there again in a heart beat. As far as the casino goes, I played some slots for quite a long time on very little money. The drink service was excellent. The CW made her rounds quite often for which of course I tipped her accordingly. Next time I will stay more than 1 night.	
Jun 10 2009 	Not Bad	We stayed at Harrahs for 7 nights. We booked a premium room in the Carnival Tower with a view of the strip online. We mainly wanted to stay here because of the location on the strip. When we arrived, they told us our room wasn't ready yet. (It was almost 4:00 in the afternoon) but they could put us in one of the &quot;renovated&quot; rooms in the Mardi Gras tower with flat screen tvs (but no view of the strip). They also told us if we stayed in a renovated room, that it would be overlooking the pool and Carnival Court and the bad thing about that is Carnival Court plays loud music until 3:00am that you can hear from your room. We told them no and that we would wait for the room we booked. It seems they make the same offer to everyone that checks in. We heard them tell several people the same thing. They try to make it sound like you are getting an upgrade by taking the renovated rooms but that is not the case. The rooms are definitely lower quality. Also, when we checked in, there was a long line and only 2 people working the desk. The first thing you notice when you walk into the hotel is the strong smell of cigarette smoke. Other hotels have air fresheners flowing thru the vents so you don't notice the smoke as much but at Harrahs the smell of cigarette smoke is overwhelming. I would take a shower in the morning and as soon as I got into the lobby I smelled like cigarettes! Our room in the Carnival Tower was nice. Nothing special, but nice. Our room overlooked the pool (but we really couldn't hear the music from Carnival Court). Our room was supposed to be a strip view room but we really couldn't see much of the strip at all. Our bathroom was spacious and we actually had decent water flow in the shower. The bed was very comfortable. Housekeeping did a great job.  The pool needs to be updated and they need more chairs. We ate at Flavors Buffet and the food there was good. We also ate at the Cafe. The food was good but the service was sloooow.They have a great steak and shrimp special in the afternoon for $7.99 Same with Toby Keith's I Love This Bar and Grill. If you eat there, you better not be in a hurry. We got stopped by someone in the lobby wanting us to go to a 2 hour presentiation for a time share for Wyndam Suites. If you go to the presentation they give you a choice of $100 gambling money, $125 in food vouchers to be used at any restaurant/buffet at any of the hotels owned by Harrahs (Ballys, Paris, Rio, etc) or Show tickets. We went to the presentation and took the $125 in food vouchers. They gave us 5 in the amount of $25 each. You have to use the whole amount because they don't give change back. The food vouchers were well worth our time spent in the presentation. Food in Vegas is not cheap! They also gave us two 2 for 1 buffet coupons. If you want internet service in your room you have to pay $11.99 for 24 hours. They have a business center but you have to pay an outragous price for internet there as well. Everywhere you go in Harrahs or any other hotel, someone is trying to stop you and sell you something. It gets pretty old. Overall, the hotel was ok. It would be a lot better if it didn't smell like smoke all the time.	
Jun 9 2009 	Relaxing? NOT!	Usually we receive excellent service which is why we choose Harrahs. Unfortunately this time, after a great day on the strip, we had dissappointing, unattentive waitress at Toby Keiths Bar and Grill. Then later when looking forward to a hot bath , the water was tepid at best and the cold water would not shut completely off. When resorting to a shower instead- to add insult to injury- the tub would not drain!! We had to use the trash can to bail the water out. Being naked and unpacked, it was a little too late in the evening to ask to change rooms. Upon check out the next morning, I brought up my inconvenience to the desk clerk, whose only response was- oh sorry, I'll put in a work order. So sad :(	
Jun 6 2009 	Call and confrim your room choce and reservation	We just returned yesterday from a 3 day stay at Harrah's. Although the staff was nice, the actual stay was a bit of a let down. We had booked a stay with our reward points for a deluxe executive suite, upon check in we were told those rooms really aren't available for comps, but they would upgrade us to a mini suite....UPGRADE. that was a DOWNGRADE from what we had booked in April. I realize this is a comp room, but we all know we pay to get these comps, and when one is offered, booked and confirmed it should be awarded. The only reason we booked this room was because of the offer, I would have much preferred to stay at Paris..even though the do try to upsell rooms as well, but at a much nicer property. I feel if they have a problem with internet bookings they should not make us pay for the mistake, or at least have notified us of the room change prior to check in, so we could have made alternate plans.With a qucik rundown, the rooms were clean, bathrooms a bit dingy. The pool area really needs to be upgraded. The chairs are old, stained and are falling apart. I do see why they don't put much of the pool area on a virtual tour. Location is very central and easy acess to monorail.As the title states, just be sure if you have booked a room type you really want, I would call the hotel directly to confirm thaty your selection will be available upon arrival.	
Jun 4 2009 	The staff was absolutely AMAZING	I am pretty much the most irresponsible person on the planet. I must say, of any place I have ever been to, Harrah's staff takes care of its people like no other!!! On my last night, I had left my purse at a table with all of my chips, camera, and a voucher with it. When I realized I left it, I of course flipped out and was very worried! To make it worse, we were leaving for the plane soon and I needed to have that ID!!! So, my friends called the security who must have put out some sort of word it was missing....as I'm walking around, some man came up and found ME to tell me he had my purse at this table. I was so relieved and excited to find it; I couldn't believe they took care of my things when I left it behind! I also did not clean out my safe (again, irresponsible!) before leaving. When I arrived at home, I called Harrah's and they had security and hardware get into my safe and even sent my belongings back to me free of charge and safely without charges on my credit cards!!! Not to mention the bartenders at the downstairs bar were some of the nicest guys I met!! All of Harrah's staff are amazing people who have kind hearts and honest minds and I would come see them again anytime. Thank you staff!!!!! :)	
Jun 3 2009 	Stay here if you plan on spending no time in the room or at the pool.	I would like to tell you about my weekend stay at your Harrah’s Las Vegas Casino. This past weekend (May 30-June 2) my boyfriend and I flew out to Las Vegas with a couple of friends for a long weekend vacation. When arriving in Las Vegas we came right to Harrah’s and were able to check right in. I mentioned to the lady that checked us in that we had a Premium room booked, and showed her my reservation confirmation page. She then told us that were in a Luxury room, and we thought, all the better. She told us we were going to have a view of the strip and would be able to see the Mirage Volcano erupt at night out of our ceiling to floor window. Who wouldn’t want that, right? So after we finish checking in we head up to our room, located in the Mardi gras tower on the 16th floor, and come to find out that our room isn’t so luxurious to say the least. First, the television would not work, so we had to call maintenance to come and fix the television. It was unplugged. Second, our air conditioner would not run for longer than 5 minutes, and then in order to turn it back on, we had to keep on getting up and walking past the sensor on the thermostat. Again we had to call maintenance to come to our room to fix the thermostat, so the air would constantly stay on. Our room still did not remain cold. Third, whenever my boyfriend or I would shower, the water from the shower would leak out all over the bathroom floor. So we ended up having to leave both the shower curtain and the curtain liner in the tub to reduce the water that was on the floor. Regardless, there would still be water on the floor. Also, I was not happy with the pool. It was impossible to get chairs to lie out on, or even a table to have lunch at. Once we were able to get a high top table, close to the bar, it was even harder to get a waitress to be waited on. Once we were able to track down a waitress to order drinks and food, the service time wasn’t too bad, although the food wasn’t all that appealing. I ordered a grilled chicken caesar wrap, and the lettuce was green with brown edges, and came out soggy. My friend ordered a cheeseburger with no tomato or onion, and both tomato and onion came out on the burger. Once lunch was over, we decided to go into the pool, next thing we know, they are setting up a volleyball net, that takes up the entire width of the pool, and is placed right in the center. So once in the pool, the volleyball game starts and my friend ends up getting hit in the head by the ball. So because of that we decided to get out of the pool, since there really wasn’t anywhere you could go in the pool that was safe from the volleyball game. I was not too pleased with the pool, and spent the rest of my pool time at Caesar’s for the duration of the vacation. I am rather disappointed in the room that we ended up in and the pool, and because of that would probably not stay at Harrah’s again when I come out to Last Vegas. Regardless of the room that we did stay in, the casino, the restaurants and the bars were fun and good places to hang out.	
Jun 2 2009	Stay at Harrah's was Excellent	My daughter and I just returned from a 5 night stay at Harrah's. Our room was comped, they upgraded us free to a deluxe room. Check in &amp; check out lines were long but I expected that so it wasn't a big deal. Rooms were small compared to what I usually stay in but we managed just fine. The beds were totally awesome, pillow top mattresses. Linens &amp; towels were of high quality. 2 Plasma tv's, 1 in room, 1 in bathroom. The room was immaculate, nothing worn or broken. My daughter lost her pearl ring but didn't know where. When we returned to our room the maid had found it &amp; put it on our soap dish. I admire her honesty &amp; integrity &amp; contacted Harrah's about it. All employees including the front desk were friendly &amp; accomodating. I felt very safe in Harrah's environment, even going up to my room alone was not a concern. The food was very good, the slots were on the tight side but with the economy I think casinos have tightened up everything. Harrah's is where I will stay the next time I go to Vegas. I recommend this for anyone in any age group.	
May 31 2009 	comfortable and clean good value	I was very happy with maid service and food options offered. I did not like the wardrobe offered for clothing storage, only three small drawers with hanging area. Room had a safe which i really liked along with comfortable beds and three pillows to bed. I asked for king , wasn't available but was given 2 queens which was ok. i earned enough reward points to secure a &quot;mini suite&quot; for trip this October. I saw the Terry Fator show which was outstanding, i reccommend it highly, well worth the time and money. I liked that Harrahs was in the middle of the strip which was located close to everything. I went up to Toby Keiths bar and grill and was disappontedd that the music offered was not &quot;western style&quot; but some very loud, noisey rock and roll..however great b urgers!!!	
May 30 2009 	avoid this place like the plague	We are long-time members of theTotal Rewards club and just returned from a 4 day stay at Harrahs Las Vegas. We had every conceivable issue possible come up during our stay. One of our rooms was not ready upon arrivalat 4:30pm and we were told it would possibly be 6:00pm before we could check in. We were told OUR room was available, but our second room for my son and his wife was not. We were told to come back in an hour and check the status. Still not available. We asked to give the kids our room and we would take another room as an upgrade. This room was ready for checkin, but was not what I would term a &quot;mini suite&quot;. We asked the front desk to make sure that the credit cards on each room were correct. We were assured that our card was on our room and my sons card was on their room. Upon our return, my son got his credit card bill and had been charged for BOTH rooms. We also had issues with poor/rude service from the box office staff. When I registered my complaints via email upon our return, I received a &quot;polite&quot; response basically telling us, &quot;Gee, thats too bad&quot;, I asked to be refunded our upgrade charge, to no avail. They DID fix the credit card snafu, but that was after several phone calls and eventually speaking to a customer service supervisor. These people just don't seem to care anymore. I also ate breakfast at the cafe, which was mediocre at best and after I paid, I found out from another customer that if I'd showed my players card I would have received a discount on my meal. NO ONE offered to tell me this when I paid that morning. On one of my calls regarding the credit card mixup, I'd asked to speak to &quot;Mary&quot; whom I'd spoken to the previous day. I was told &quot;I don't know who that is.&quot; I finally asked to be connected to that dept and they could find her, I was rudely put on hold without comment. The words &quot;customer SERVICE&quot; is evidently non-existant here. I will NOT stay there again, nor would I recommend this hotel to ANYONE. Just as a footnote, I work in the casino industry in WA. state and am on the customer service focus group in the casino where I work.	
May 28 2009 	Very Comfortable	We just got back from Harrah's. We have stayed at the Mandalay Bay the previous year and I really liked Harrah's. The people and staff were very helpful. I had no complaints on my room I loved it. The beds were very comfortable and it was always clean and stocked when we returned. I love it and the Carnival Court was the best. I will stay there again when I go back. I would recommend staying at Harrah's to anyone. It is a good location too because it's in the center of everything.	
May 25 2009 	Give Harrahs a chance!	I came to Las Vegas for a conference and needed a place to stay. Through my Harrahs New Orleans Total Rewards card, I was able to get three nights comped at Harrahs Las Vegas. After reading all the reviews, I was concerned about the condition the hotel and my room was going to be in. I have to say, I was pleasently surprised. I arrived to check in at 10:30am, and was able to go to my room immedietly. The lobby of the hotel is nice, there were 8 or 9 people behind the desk and I hardly had to wait in line to check in. The lady at the desk was extremly pleasent and helpful. I didnt want to put my incenditials on my credit card and only had to put down a $100 cash deposit. (the website says $200). I was given a room on the 15th floor in the Mardi Gras tower. It was a non smoking king deluxe room. The room was clean and nicer than I expected after reading the reviews. I didnt have a view (just the top another building and part of the Imperial Palace hotel) but for free, I cant complain. The mardi gras tower brings you right down to the casino floor. I didnt have much luck at the casino and they didnt seem to have many newer games, but the buffet was really good. Harrahs is in an amazing location, right in the middle of all the major casinos. I visited the pool, which wasnt anything special. During the summer you have to get out there early to lay claim to a chair. I would definetly stay here again and reccomend this hotel. It is not a 5 star facility, but it was clean and convient!	
May 25 2009 	Las Vegas - A Dazzling Wonderland	Location: Las Vegas,Dates: May 20, 21 and 22, 2009.The Hotel - a monorail station, is situated at the heart of the city, on Las Vegas Blvd South. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. Bathroom was clean. The room had Two Queen Size beds and charges USD 51 per Day. Internet access was at extra charge. Economical food joints close by. Other attractions like Bellagio, Mirage, Venetian, Palazzo and Paris are at walking distance. Check-in and check-out time very reasonable.	
May 23 2009 	"We felt ripped off"	We booked a Drink and Play package from your website but when we took our coupons from your hotel to the Toby Keiths Bar and Grill, the bartender did not know what we were talking about and gave us a receipt as if we were being charged for the drinks. He took the coupon and attached it, and my husband crossed out the 12.00 charge and wrote &quot;Coupon&quot;.When we went to check out, they tried to charge us for the drinks. We were given coupons at the front desk when we checked in and did not even use the others since we are not drinkers. The clerk read us our bill and stated we owed for a phone call and the two beers. She paused and we told her we had the Stay and Play package and we would like them to look it up. They insisted we owed and we asked to speak to a manager. They left us standing at the check out counter for more than 15 minutes. The manager did not come out but the clerk again came and told us that they would comp us for the beers, but that we had also had dinner there. This was not read to us the first time around and we did no such thing!! We requested to see the signature on the dinner bill but they could not produce it since they were closed in the accounting dept. When she read us the bill the first time through, there was no dinner listed. They threatened to call security because we still wanted to speak to a manager. After a good 1/2 hour of arguing, the clerk said they would not charge us unless the signatures matched, and we would have to wait to see if it was on our Visa bill. We left before they could add more false charges. I have received my Visa bill for the Package and it was 160.00 and change. I guess I will have to wait for the next bill to see if I was charged anything else above the phone call that I made.I have confirmation of the package I purchased and all paperwork. I am very disappointed in your service and the attitude of your staff which accused us of lying but were unable to look up your own website and find what I had purchased.I will never stay at any of your hotels again and will not recommend you to my family and friends. Up until this incident, we were having a good time and felt upset that such a nice vacation was ruined by the failure of your staff to keep things straight.Frances Strait	
May 22 2009 	perhaps better choices elsewhere	The lobby was quite loud, and of course all the machines contributed to the noise. The rooms were fine and halls weren't too loud. However, going from our room to get out of the building, meant walking through noise and smoke. We noticed other hotels in the area seemed to have different ventilation systems and ways to reduce noise.	
May 20 2009 	Last time we stay there!	This is the second time a group of us have stayed at Harrah's, the first time was just okay. The rooms we orderded the first time were not availbe when we got there both time! They only &quot;pre book&quot; - I guess it does not mean you will get a room??? After an hour of fighting withthe manager we got what we ordered and the night began.Carnival court is one of the best bars on the strip, great times there, and one of the only places to find $5 blackjack tables.Flavors buffett is great as well, Anything you could possibly want - including cotton candy!My biggest problem was the pool! It was over 100 everyday, and very limited pool space. If you were not lined up at the pool when it opened at 9am, you will not get a free chair. And when I say free - i mean bring your wallet! $250 for a cabana, $150 for a bed, and $20 for a chair. They do have an upper deck that you can not see the pool from for free. We crashed the pool at the mirage one day - not even a comparrison.We did get a good deal here but I am not sure if it was worth it! Oh well, we'll know for next time!	
May 20 2009	Not impressed just average	I was not impressed with Harrahs. To me it was just an average hotel. I'm not saying it was bad or had a bad experience but there was nothing exciting about it or anything that I can describe as excellent or well worth our while. I did get irritated with the fact that they took out a $50 deposit from my account for the mini-bar in our room. I told the desk person that we NEVER use the mini-bar in our hotel rooms no matter where we are. However, she pointed out that it's hotel policy to take a $50 deposit from each customer. I asked her when it would be returned back to my account. She said it can take up to two weeks. Two weeks ?? Luckily and all fairness to the hotel, I received my deposit back within two days after we checked out. However, the check-in line wasn't that long but we had to wait forever since there were only two people working the counter. The rooms were okay but no coffee pot, no micro (in short no frills). For being just an average run of the mill Vegas hotel in my opinion they charge too much. For a good point however, I had lost my credit card somewhere on the casino floor and I was extremely nervous. When I came back down from my room a policeman happened to be standing chatting to someone and I asked him where is the hotel Lost and Found. He was an extremely nice and calm man and asked me what I lost, where and when and told me to come with him. We went through a maze of doors down into the basement where there were all sorts of offices and locker rooms for hotel employees. When we got to the Lost and Found he looked and within a few seconds was able to locate my lost credit card. I was shocked and pleasantly surprised. There are still nice and honest people left in this world. I had to sign some papers, show ID and then I got my credit card back. That was the NICE thing that happened to me in Harrahs.	
May 20 2009 	GREAT STAY!!!!!	We stayed at Harrah’s on 5-15-09 to 5-18-09. I got a great deal and took a chance on an older property. I was a winner with this gamble. Not only is the location great but the property is to. The staff was very friendly. I work in the industry so I always look for great guest service. I am not one of those unrealistic people that look for more then what I pay for. But I got what I paid for and much more. If you are looking for the glitz and glamour there are many properties that you can chose from but you are going to pay for it like you should. If you are looking for a place that takes pride in its property and the guests that stay with them you need to stay at Harrah’s. Harrah’s has every thing you need from food to night life. The piano bar was great and carnival court was fun if you like that kind of night club. The only thing I didn’t like was the fact that they allow people to solicit out side. I became very tired of the line of people outside clicking cards for call girls. But it’s all up and down the strip so just get used to it. As this was our first trip to Vegas I want to give first timers some tips. #1 don’t think you have to see everything the first day. You will kill yourself and be sore and tired the rest of your stay. #2 the monorail is a great way to get around. You can buy a 24hr pass for around $13 and it saves a whole lot of walking, I wish I had figured this out the first day lol. #3 you don’t have to break the bank to go to vagas. I had a budget and came home with much more money then I thought I would, it just depends on what you what to do and see. Over all we hade a great trip and will stay at Harrah’s next time.	
May 17 2009 	Hotel very clean beds really comfortable buffet was fabulous!	Stayed at Harras for 3 nights and was very pleased. The roulette tables were lots of fun, dealers made it worth playing. Toby Keith's restaurant had an excellent spinach/strawberry salad. Breakfast buffet was fabulous. The beds were very comfortable with feather pillows, brought back memories of my childhood. Pool area was small and lounges all taken by 9:30am. Need more lounges and maybe a bigger pool if possible.	
May 16 2009 	Great stay at Harrah's	This was our first time staying here. We usually stay at Flamingo. We went with another family for their 30th Anniversary. We really liked the room. We had 4 rooms and everyroom was great. Two were in the Carnival Tower and two in the Mardi Gras. The one room in the Mardi Gras looked over the pool so if you opened the patio door you could hear the band playing. As long as the door was closed you never heard a thing. This room had 2 TV's, one in the bathroom. Our room in the Mardi Gras tower looked over the strip but also looked over vents on the roof. The rooms in the Carnival Tower had better views. The only thing I disliked about Harrah's was the smoky casino. Very, very smoky. The slot machines were very tight too. I heard that all slot machines in Vegas were like this anymore. We really like the buffet at Harrah's. We went twice for breakfast and once for supper. We also went to Toby Keith's for lunch one day and one night for supper. Very good also. We went and saw Jersey Boys this time. Great show. Highly recommended! Saw Mac King one afternoon. Had free tickets but would pay to see him. Good afternoon show. Would stay at Harrah's again because of location and price (had comped rooms), but hopefully one of these days smoking is not allowed in Casino's just like in Restaurants. Maids did a great job cleaning rooms every day . Usually cleaned by noon and replenished shampoos etc. with lots of bottles.	
May 15 2009 	Noisy and poor view	I had booked a weeks stay at Harrah's 6 months in advance and requested a quiet room with a good view of the strip. Some view! We had and angle view of the hotel wall with the carnival court below. Not very quiet! . The hotel is located in a great spot n the center of the strip. Food was good and the lines were short for the diamond / 7star player. Staff were not as friendly as they were at other harrahs owned properties. Overall stay on a scale of 1 - 10...was 5. Needs some improvement with the staffing.....Flamingo was 100% better.....	
May 12 2009 	Location Location Location!	My 60 something Mom and I spent 3 nights at Harrah's Las Vegas in a deluxe 2 queen room. Our room was comped so I can not assess value vs. nightly rate.Budget cuts have greatly reduced the staffing. When we arrived at 5:00pm on Thursday to check-in we encountered a line of 30 people and only 2 desk clerks. Check-in took well over an hour. Another budget cut = no more free bungee cords for your players cards...you have to buy them in the gift shop! Luckily I had my own.Our room was very nice and we were offered a choice of view: Caesar's Palace or the Volcano at Mirage. We chose the Mirage view. Our 2 queen room was very nice and newly updated with marble floors in the entry and bath.We encountered a problem with 1st night with our room. It was directly above the loading dock which is used by Harrah's and McDonald's. Even with foam ear plugs we could hear the non-stop back up beepers on the hundreds of trucks. It went on all night and we slept very, very little.We asked to move to a quieter room and happily took a view of the top of the parking garage and mountains = no beeping trucks!We dined at the buffet and the cafe twice and all meals were excellent!! We also ate at the buffet at one of their other properties, The Flamingo and it was outstanding, especially if you love seafood! They had some of the best crab I have ever eaten and crepes station that was heavenly! My mom and I both enjoy the slot machines. We found the ventilation to be excellent in the casino and the beverage girls were some of the best I have ever seen. We never had to wait for a drink.We never made it to the pool as it was only in the 60's during our stay.We would 100% stay there again. I highly recommend joining the Total Rewards players club (free) if you gamble at all. You earn credits with every bet or purchase. These credits or comps can be used at any dining venue, gift shop, shows, etc. All of our food was comped.Location: Harrah's has an excellent location on the strip. It is directly across the street from Caesar's Palace and Mirage and is just s short walk to the Paris and Bellagio and the Venetian is right next door. It is also one of the stops on the monorail or you can pay $7.00 for a 24 hour pass on the Deuce which runs the strip and goes to old downtown.If you take a taxi from the airport DO NOT let them take you on the freeway or down the strip. Tell your driver you want the back road, fast route to Harrah's and you will get there for about $12.00.	
May 11 2009 	Harrahs spring 2009	This is definitely the most fun section of the Las Vegas Strip. Harrahs has a great atmosphere from the outdoor concert court (don't miss Cook E Jarr, he is hilarious,) to that yokelish country music restaurant to the ample Marti Gras themed casino. This area of the strip is by far the best place to people watch in the whole city; its ideal location between the posh Caesars Palace and the college frat party-like O'Shea's provides a great mix of folks to see. Our room (Carnival tower 14th floor) was huge, clean and cool. Nice big TV, marble and dark wood everywhere and spacious hot showers in the bathroom. The Flavors Buffet was a bit expensive with a huge amout of counter space for the limited variety of food choices available. The Paris buffet down the street is similarly priced with much better food and choices. The only real drawback was the long wait at check in. It seemed the process was almost designed to be slow. Overall though I would rate this a great hotel in a fantastic location and it was well worth the money. Will definitely stay here again.	
May 11 2009 	wonderful	the location was great-middle of the strip-clean rooms. hoover dam-wow timeshares to pushy. toby keit's i love this bar best ever. Elvis was there. our vacation was great because of the staff being so helpful. the men in suits are wonderful. you can win at the slots after someone explains how to play them.we will be back to see you soon.	
May 10 2009 	Awesome Stay!!!	My boyfriend and I got a great deal at Harrahs. 4 nights for only 210 including taxes! So all we were hoping for was a clean room but our expectations were exceeded. We got there around 10 a.m. Vegas time and were able to get into our room only an hour later. That was fine with us because check-in isn't even until 3 anyway so we weren't even expecting to get in that soon.The woman working at the front desk was extremely helpful. She gave us suggestions on where to go and encouraged us to sign up for the Total Rewards which gave us free slot play and coupons. The entire staff was extremely helpful and courteous. The room, which was just a standard room, was very spacious with a marble entrance, pretty decor, marble bathroom and very clean. Plenty of towels each day!! The bed was a little stiff but nothing to get upset over. It was a great experience in a CENTRAL location on the strip. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone. I wouldn't even splurge with the deluxe rooms because they are on the noisy side where Carnaval Court is. Carnaval Court was really awesome by the way, check it out!!! Live bands during the day turns night club at night. The pool is mediocre but the volleyball net they put up is really fun!!! Just bring your own alcohol. The pool had the most expensive alcohol I saw the entire time in vegas. Some tips: Check out the free volcano show at the mirage, siren show at treasure island, fountains at bellagio, tigers at mirage, sky inside of caesars, lions AT MGM, circus acts at circus circus, show in the sky at RIO.... ALL FREE!!!!!!!!Get deuce tickets!! MUCH cheaper than taxi and goes up and down the strip plus downtown where all the CHEAP gambling is. By the way make sure you check out downtown even if you don't like gambling. They have the free light show on Fremont with drag queens performing live music.... def the &quot;vegas vibe&quot; downtown. Slots A Fun: $2 dollar blackjack and .50 roulette. Also, those big drinks you see everyone walking around with on the strip that are $20 dollars? They are only $8.00 at Slots a fun and you get 4 shots. .99 hot dogs! You will just have to get past the smell of this place... not that pleasant. Fun though!!!If you want your money's worth in alcohol go to margitaville for a margarita!! It's two hotels down from Harrah's and they pour a STIFF drink.For a good burger, Stripburger is the best. Might be the best burger I've ever had :PDon't by nightclub passes before going or wait before you are in line. They give em out free everywhere on the strip!! Usually VIP too :)	
May 9 2009 	Clean rooms slow check in tight tight slots and lots of smoke	We booked Harrah's due to the excellent Expedia price of $55 per night with a $30.00 resort credit. I checked in while my husband waited in the rental car. After 30 minutes he came in to check on me. I waited in line for almost 45 minutes to check in, with only about 20 other customers. There were 3 people checking in guests and one kept going over to what we in line were calling the 'highrollers' check in. Some special gambling card or something. So after 50 minutes I finally got checked in and got our room keys. We stayed at the very end of the hall which was nice. It was quiet in the hallway but the room was a different story.The room was up to date and tastefully remodeled. HOWEVER you could hear EVERYTHING from the upstairs room and the 2 rooms on either side of us. This includes~ah~ the bathroom. Not the revele I want to wake up to! Our room gal cleaned that room SPOTLESS every day and in fact it was on par with the Westin in Vegas as far as cleanliness goes! I was impressed by the house keeping staff. Only complaint: we re-hung our towels so they would not be removed and laundered on a daily basis, but our room lady removed them and laundered them every day. Harrah's had a card out about helping conserve water. Well we tried.The main 24 hour cafe was a good value and we had the $7.99 steak and shrimp a couple nights. It was ok/fine. Good service in the cafe. Starbucks was great and so was the sundry store. I used my $30.00 credit at Starbucks and at the sundry store. The casino was fairly busy but VERY VERY smoky. Lots of the people there were older than us and were smokers. It was unbearable at times. Harrah's needs to invest some $$ and upgrade their ventilation system if they want the non-smoking crowd to stay/play there! This is why we've almost always stayed at the Paris or Westin Causarina when in Vegas. The Westin is a non-smoking property and the Paris has great ventilation! The slots were very tight and I did not see many winners and myself was not a winner of anything. Usually I manage to break even at the least. Not this time. The hotel was ok for the value and the highpoints of our stay was the $30 resort credit and the good 'rewards' card program that is used at Harrah's and her sister properties. I racked up enough points for a $10 to spend in resort credits! I used a the buffet at the Paris and Starbucks in Harrah's.Overall $55 bucks for a very clean but noisy room and a smoky casino it was a good deal. We tried cheap and it was ok, but not what we wanted. ATTN: Paris/Westin, get ready we'll be back.	
May 5 2009 	Great Central Location!	We arrived on april 16th at 9 pm for check-in. There was no one in line so it was fast. We were three women staying in a room with 2 double beds, so we also asked for a cot. This was brought up to us within 5 minutes of arriving. The cot was basically like a single bed. All the beds were comfortable. The sheets didn't fit like all the other reviews say, but it's because they were too big. It was no big deal. Our room was large but unfortunately overlooked the employees parking lot and a garbage can down below, but who cares, we weren't there to hang out in our room. It was quiet except in the morning when we heard the garbage truck, but that was fine because we wanted to wake up anyways. We never heard any of our neighbours. The maids cleaned it very well every day. My only complaint about the room was that the bathroom fan didn't work and the hotel doesn't offer a service where they will save water by not washing your towels as long as you hang them up. It felt like a waste to have new towels every single day, but then again, the whole of Las Vegas seems like an environmental nightmare! So rooms were nice, check-in was fine. Check out took longer as everyone was lining up to check out at the same time. The clerks were very friendly and helpful. They booked us a trip to see the Grand Canyon. The casino has a lower ceiling that most casinos but also seemed brighter then most casinos. We didn't do much gambling anyways. We heard that if we gambled we could get a free drink, so we tried the penny slots for a few minutes but no free drinks! The only place we ate inside the hotel was the Chinese restaurant called Mings Table, which was very good. There is a Starbucks just below the elevator where we had coffee in the morning, but of course Starbucks are everywhere in Las Vegas, expensive and long lineups. Compared to other hotels that we looked in, Harrahs had less cheap restaurants (no fastfood or Subway) and not as many stores, which I liked because it got us out of the hotel. The best thing is the location. We are right across from the Mirage, which we ate in two nights(great restaurants), 5 minute from Treasure Island, The Wynn and some shopping on one side, and then 2 minutes from the Caesers Palace Forum shops and then less than a 15 minute (great) walk to Paris Las Vegas on the other side, passing the Flamingo and other places. Some people say that it needs to be updated, and one of my party thought that as well. The theme seems to be New Orleans Carnivale (which is creepy anyways if you ask me with all those masks) but I barely noticed that. It is newer than most hotels you will see on a typical road trip through North America, it's just that in Las Vegas everything has to always be so new to keep up with the Jones (ie-the other hotels) Also the Monorail is attached to Harrahs. All in all I really liked this place and would definately stay again.	
May 1 2009 	Great Service Comfortable rooms in the heart of Las Vegas!	Wow, great customer service and clean and comfortable rooms located in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip. The staff are all friendly and go out of the their way to meet your needs. The rooms are mostly renovated and comfortable with pillow top mattresses. We have stayed here on numerous occasions and keep coming back. Good dining options and a fun casino to play in . Great cocktail waitresses who remember you each time you come back, and with thousands of people that they see each year, that's something! Here is a video of our room.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKBZ0pDPMRI&amp;feature=channel_page	
Apr 30 2009 	Great Value Great Location Fav Poker Room	My husband and I stayed at Harrah's from April 5-10 for our anniversary trip. We had a great time at Harrah's. The location is the best! Right in the heart of the strip. It was an easy walk to our favorite hotels and casinos. We booked a deluxe room for only $39/night which is a steal. I think we might have been upgraded because we had a safe in the room; I was told the deluxe does not. No strip view but it was fine. The room was very clean, no complaints. We loved the casino and poker room. Our main reason for coming to Vegas was for poker and Harrah's did not dissapoint. We spent the majority of our poker time at Harrah's. They have a great deep stack tournament with an awesome structure. The staff and dealers were great; very friendly. The CWs were great in the whole casino but especially in the poker room. The casino itself is very big and we had a great time there. As food goes we ate at Toby Keiths (A- very good but the restaurant was kind of chilly. Good sweet tea, medium priced about $35 pre-tip for 2) Room service (C+ it was ok nothing special kind of overpriced for the quality. Same food as in the cafe.) The Range was excellent (A+, beautiful view overlooking the forum shops, excellent service. The meal was great, the steaks very tender, cooked perfectly and the sides were awesome. Also tried the spa for a nice massage. They were doing some remodeling in the lobby area but you couldn't hear any noise so it wasn't bad. They had some good specials going and the price was well worth it. Nothing very fancy but it did the job. The pool was a nice area to lay out and have some drinks. The bartenders were very good and quick. The pool isn't very lush or tropical; it is on the small side. I had a good time by the pool but it would have been better if it was bigger. Carnival Court is an awesome place to party. Best bartenders in town!Overall, I loved Harrah's. We would stay again and again.	
Apr 27 2009 	Perfect Location. Great Hotel. Best Gambling!	I dont even know where to start on how wonderful this hotel is. We have stayed at Harrahs now three times and our experience keeps getting better.We stayed for five nights in one of the Premium rooms in the Mardi Gras Tower for free with our Total Rewards card. The room has a luxurious pillow top bed, a flat screen TV in the bedroom and the bathroom. Everything was glistening clean. We had a little balcony that overlooked the pool which made for some fun people watching.The location of this hotel is perfect in the center of the strip. The Venetian, Wynn, Treasure Island, The Mirage, Ceasars, Bellagio, Paris Paris,Flamingo are all within easy walking distance. This hotel is connected to the monorail so if you want to go down to the south strip (MGM, NY NY, LUXOR) or the North Strip (Circus, Stratoshphere, Riviera) it is a very quick and inexpensive ride.In my opinion this is the best Casino is Las Vegas! They have different games than most of the other casinos. This casino is always lively and in the front their are some open doors so you can actually see outside. Right outside the door there is a big open bar and concert area that fun and always has a good band playing. And in the casino there is a lounge bar that has nightly piano acts that are fun to watch and free.The only thing that I can possibly think of that might be considered a draw back is the pool. Harrahs pool is just a standard rectangle olympic size pool with some lounge chairs around it. While this pool would be fine anywhere else it is not up to par with most of the other pools on the strip. The only restaurant we have ate at was the Cafe at Harrahs. The food was very good but a little expensive. But nothing more than anywhere else.All in all this is a great hotel for a great value in the perfect location.	
Apr 25 2009 	sheets 	Location of Harrahs is great-in the middle of the strip. Our room was in the Mardi Gras Tower-15th floor. Overall, the room was fine; nothing over the top. COMPLAINT--the towels and sheets. Oh my gosh! The were absolutely the worse I've ever experienced. What sorta deal did they get on these? The towels were so rough; I hated to dry off after a shower or even when I washed my hands. The sheets were very scratchy, not soft at all. They must of received a similar deal on the sheets as they did on the towels. Really really bad. We received a good price on the room thru a friend who does alot of gambling there. Will I stay there again even if I get a good price on the room? NO	
Apr 24 2009 	Only do it for the price	We paid $40 per night for two nights, and for that price it was ok. This hotel has definitely slipped in the past few years. I used to consider it just a tier under the top group, but now it is decidedly several tiers below, in my opinion. However, the location is great. For us, this was an &quot;extra&quot; trip, planned almost the last minute and just weeks before a special cruise. We went to be with friends coming from Chicago who were staying at the Venetian. To save money, this was a good choice, just a block from them. However, I doubt that I would stay at Harrah's again.	
Apr 24 2009 	Harrah's Las Vegas - great location good value	Spent three nights at Harrah's Las Vegas. Great location, clean rooms, friendly staff, good restaurants (liked the Oyster Bar a lot) and great value overall. It is right in the middle of everything. The rooms are not fancy but clean and adequate.	
Apr 22 2009 	Worst Customer Service I have ever experienced!	I have been in Customer Service for over 20 years and all the places I have been I never witnessed the attitudes I have with this hotel.	
Apr 22 2009 	fun place	recently stayed at harrahs for 3 nights, the room was nice, the bed was very comfortable, check in and out was great and fast.. We had fun at the carnival bar there, it is outside, alot of party people and great drinks. Joel at the pool bar made really great drinks. Oyster bar was wonderful. Did not win a cent there!	
Apr 19 2009 	Very satisfied at Harrah's	I stayed on the 12th floor of the Mardi Gras Tower for four nights on a promotion - one night was free. It is the older tower but you'd hardly know. My room was excellent - very comfortable bed, nice furniture, bathroom was flawless (shower pressure was strong), the housekeeping was efficient and the staff are helpful and friendly. Harrah's location is excellent - mid strip across from Caesar's Palace. The only minor complaints I have is that it gets very noisy late at night because of the Carnival outside. But the air conditioner more less drowned out the noise so it was no problem. Also, the swimming pool is only 5 feet deep but I still enjoyed it - it was heated.I would definitely stay at Harrah's again if the price was right.	
Apr 18 2009 	Very good for the price!	We just returned from staying at Harrah's. We stayed in the basic (non-upgraded) room in Carnaval tower facing the street. I thought the room was very nice for what we spent! You can tell they have done some improvements and it was very clean. The casino is what you'd expect from an older casino on the strip - basic, low ceilings, but clean. It is smokey...but it's Vegas, what do you expect? The location is great - across the street from Caesar's and a short walk (in Vegas terms) to Bellagio and Venetian. We spent most of our time at Harrah's or in Flamingo -- looser slots :)! My only complaint is that the restaurants are $$ like any other hotel on the strip. But yea for us, there's a Chipotle, pizza place and McDonald's next door for a quick bite. We'd stay again, no problem.	
Apr 15 2009	Nice hotel WAY overpriced	During my trip to Vegas, we stayed at Sunset Station in Henderson and Harrah's, we TOTALLY prefer Sunset over Harrah's, I mean, Harrah's is nice but it's just not worth it, couldn't beat the room price, comped, but they get you for almost everything elese, we asked for a simple strip view at check in, which really isin't a strip view and they want to charge $25 bucks a night extra, pft, BS! Then, on top of that, they don't give you your own in room coffee, you got to go pay $5 bucks at Starbucks, that don't even accept gift cards, they charge out the door for internet, Harrah's used to be about the value, NO MORE, Won't be returning, even if it is free, there are alot better Harrah's Entertainment properties in Vegas, than Harrah's, good riddens!	
Apr 14 2009 	FUN FUN FUN	I've been traveling to Vegas 2 or 3 times a year for the past 10 years and Harrah's is my favorite place to stay. If you can get a remodeled room, you won't be disappointed. Request a room that doesn't overlook the courtyard area to avoid getting noise from the bands playing below. Other than that, Harrah's is a great place to stay and a great place to play. Their staff is the friendliest group of people you will ever come across. I'll be back in May and had options to stay for free at other area hotels but nothing beats the atmosphere that you will get as soon as you walk in the doors of Harrah's. And if you gamble, do so at any of Harrah's locations, as they offer the best comps for your money.	
Apr 13 2009 	Get your Total Rewards Card	My wife and I stayed at the Harrahs - Las Vegas March 22-26. With the total rewards card the entire hotel stay cost $65 (including tax). We save over $400 using the card. We had a pool view. The room was clean and best of all there was a flat screen TV in the bathroom. Harrahs is located right in the middle of the strip so it's very convienant to get where you need to be in a short time. Flavors, the buffett on the ground floor, is amazing and not too expensive (get your hands on 2 for 1 coupons). The only thing that bothered us was that at every entrance/exit there are people from Wyndham trying to sell time share. The most annoying part is that they try to get you right after you check in (who wants to deal with that). But, if you hold your ground and say NO they wont bother you anymore. When we go back to Vegas, we will definately be staying at the Harrahs.A couple pieces of advice about Vegas that nobody gave me.1. bring chapstick - it gets windy sometimes2.bring sunglasses - sounds obvious but we weren't the only ones who forgot3.bring hand lotion - you'll need it with the extremely dry desert air4.get a DUECE bus pass - it's cheap and runs 24 hrs from the south end of the strip to Fremont Ave. $3 one way, $7 for 24-hour pass, $15 for 3 day pass. Plenty of stops.5. COUPONS COUPONS COUPONS - magazines in hotel lobby have tons of coupons. use them - you will save lots of money. 6. check out the Neon Musuem - http://www.neonmuseum.org/7. go to a CVS or other small store to get your alcohol. 12 oz bottle of miller light cost $3.50 at hotels and bars. I got a 24 oz can of miller light for $1.79 at the CVS. and yes, you are allowed to walk the streets drinking alcohol.8.check out the haunted vegas tour - http://www.hauntedvegastours.com/	
Apr 13 2009 	Excellent location	Great location in the middle of the strip. Would never have thought of staying at this spot, but with the low price I got for the hotel - it was worth it!! They have Sbarro's in their basement, connected to Paris Las Vegas and across Caesar's. Rooms are very spacious (double and queen rooms). We didn't get a good view of the strip, but the price and upgrade I couldn't have asked for more.	
Apr 12 2009 	Noisy noisy noisy	We recently stayed in 2 different rooms in the Mardis Gras Tower. The key point is that this is an older building (although redecorated nicely) the original construction was lacking in sound insulation. It still is. The remodel did not improve this problem according to one of the managers I talked to. You can hear normal conversation in the adjoining room. This problem is exacerbated by the high power flush toilets that have been installed. If anyone above you, below you or on either side of you flushes, you hear it even in the bedroom. I could hear it even through ear plugs. Bottom line: nice room, nice staff, but too noisy for me. We will go elsewhere in the future.	
Apr 9 2009 	2nd time better than first	1st time was only 3 days and not enough time to do much of anything plus the 3 hour time difference didn't help.We were on the 17th floor facing the strip and the bass was termendous so I wasn't able to get to sleep till 4:00 am when the band was finished. 2nd trip was better, more time 6 days.and a room in the back 3rd floor no view except the large a/c unit, but could sleep. Excellent bed very comfortable if you have a back problem,felt like a million bucks. Internet froze up and was difficult to figure out its all tied into the tv, service tech showed up and said he didn't know what to do so no charge for that. Ordered room service, waited, and waited some more then called and they told us they had made a mistake and will be up soon,again no charge.House cleaning does a good job.I wasn't happy with the party crowd comming off the overhead train raising hell.Next time we will stay at one of the other casinos in the chain to get the comps.	
Apr 7 2009 	Mostly good. Some bad - Would try it again	Travelled here with my baseball team - 10 of us. Here are some observances:First let me qualify this by saying that, upon arrival, our rooms were taken so we were 'upgraded' for ONE night to pretty nice suites. Except for me and my roomies who moved up to floor 23 in the Mardi Gras Tower - we got SWEET 'SUITE'. 2 bedrooms, 3 beds, THREE baths, FIVE sinks, bar, 3 TV's - moving from there is going to be a bit of downer....now back to reality.REALITY:Rooms: Fairly small. Clean. Very comfy beds. No music stations on TV? Unusable fridges. Best: beds Worst: Mini bar/Fridges. ** These fridges have about 4 bottles of water in them yet YOU CAN&quot;T USE THEM. I threw some pop in there when we arrived and i would have been charged for using the mini bar based on 'weight' - be careful - it looks like a fridge but it is a 'phony money-making fridge'. Don't use it! Harrah's -'You make a lot of money - let us use the fridges - you are paying for the hydro anyways!'Food: We ate one breakfast and one dinner at Flavors. It is buffet only. The food was good and there were lots of choices. it was convenient to just get in there and eat without having to wait - especially with the large group we had. We also had one lunch at the other restaurant - can't remember the name (not Ming's). The food was plentiful and good - but there is usually a line-up to get in. Also they advertised a lunch special - but once we were seated we were told it was not available on the weekend. The sign advertising the special made NO mention of this - a bit of false advertising?Gaming tables: Minimum bet required a bit too high for newcomers like us.Piano Bar and Toby Keith's bar - both fun.Pool: Nothing fancy -had lots of chairs, outdoor bar and towels. We enjoyed it.Checkout: LONG lineups. Internet charges to our rooms even though no one brought a laptop - watch your charges closely. Took us 40 minutes.Location: Great - centrally located - easy to use the bus or the rail system that comes through the back of the hotel.Price: Very good - Came in a package deal.This was my first trip to Vegas - so I have nothing to compare it to. We all felt comfortable here - it was not too big. I would recommend it - but would probably try to stay elsewhere next time - just to try something different.	
Apr 6 2009 	Never Again Better Places to Stay	I had a luxury view room and there was nothing luxury about it. Room #2637 Had a view of the Mirage volcano but the windows were so dirty you couldn't see out of them. The TV was old and cut off any news going across the bottom of the screen like CNN, the phone only worked if you held it just right, had so much static it was almost unusable, and the carpet was just gross. Wore slippers and never let my feet touch the carpet. With all the nice places to stay center strip I wouldn't stay here again.	
Apr 2 2009 	Not Impressed compared to other casinos	We stayed at Harrah's for 4 nights. This was our first trip to Vegas. We were in the Carnival Tower on the 25th floor.Overall the hotel is nice and the rooms are sufficient and clean. I don't like the fact that the refrigerator can't be used ($50 fee if you use it) and there is no coffee pot to use in the room either. The bed wasn't very comfortable either. We had asked for a king but they only had a room with 2 queens available.The view from our room, however, was beautiful! We did not face the blvd. but we had a nice view of Vegas and the mountains in the background.After touring some of the other hotel casino's, I thought Harrah's was rather plain. Some of the other casino's were much nicer and had more room to move around and high ceiings, etc.We ate in the Cafe, Toby Keith's bar and also the buffet. The Cafe was just O.K. and the buffet for breakfast was great. The dinner buffet was just O.K. but did have quiet a lot to choose from, most of which I did not eat. The dessets were the best part of the buffet.The Toby Keith's was rocking at night and we had a blast. They had a good band two of the nights we were there. The other nights it was a D.J. They played a lot of country line dances towards the end of the night which I love. The waiters put on a show with the juggling of the bottles, etc. The mason jar is the way to go for $15. They make it count too!Overall it was O.K. but would probably choose a different hotel if we ever venture back to Vegas.	
Apr 1 2009 	Such a rip off	Made my reservations on line using the Total Rewards site and selected and offer code to for the Spring Fever Invitational. A list of hotels came up with the code so I selected the one I wanted to stay at. Now I am told I can't participate in the tournament because I didn't stay at Imperial Palace. I had called Imperial Palace and Harrah's Las Vegas back in February to see if I needed to stay at a specific location, both places told me it didn't matter which Harrah's location I stayed at for the promotion. Of course now I am told that is not the case. What a wasted trip for incompetent Harrah's staff and information!	
Apr 1 2009 	Another great anniversary trip to Harrah's Las Vegas!	We have stayed at Harrah's for five years, celebrating our anniversaries there. We are now ready to return to Harrah's for a SIXTH anniversary trip, and very much anticipating it. Harrah's, to us, is in an ideal location on The Strip. We have always found the atmosphere at Harrah's fun, friendly, and relaxed. The service we received, from booking reservations, to arriving at a smiling face at the Front Desk on check-in, to great service from the cleaning staff, make these trips special. Viva Harrah's! Viva Las Vegas!	
Mar 26 2009 	Builders Home show	Our room was broken into, money credit card , video camera, ipod, and prada glasses were all stolen while we were alseep. Made out police reports, and security from hotel, and they have dismissed this case like we were the criminals. We have never asked for anything except to get the room comp, they were rude to us, and never kept us informed.We have tried getting in touch with the risk management that was taken care of this case to get questions answered, and they told us they couldn't talk to us. Not one person , manager or costumer service had even inquired about how we were doing.I have been a devoted costumer, for over 20 years, and this is the reward. People be careful, there are no security cameras in the hallways to protect you, only where they casino is protected, and that would be in the casino.	
Mar 25 2009 	Much better than I could have expected!	Harrah's was so much better than I could have expected and I will absolutely stay here again! My boyfriend and I went to Las Vegas for his birthday and had a great time at this property. When we checked in, we asked for a room on a high floor and with a view and we were placed in a room with a full, unobstructed view of the mountains. I really can't say enough about how great this property is and I stay at about 8-10 hotels per year. I highly recommend Harrah's Las Vegas (the location is great too!)	
Mar 21 2009 	Great deal great slots	My friend and I were planning our second trip to Vegas. Having received several offers in the mail after our first, we decided to see what Harrahs had to offer. We were given a double room for $200 for an entire week. We were pleasantly surprised to find that we were permitted to check in 6 hours earlier than specified and found the front desk staff helpful and accommodating. We were given a room on the 26th floor of the Carnival Tower with a view of Caesar's, the Rio, and the pool. The room was clean,the bathroom also had a bathtub, which our last hotel didn't have, two closets and a nice sitting area near the window. We purchased a cheap coffee maker at Walgreens so we could have coffee and Baileys in the mornings, rather than having to get dressed and go downstairs to get coffee (our only complaint). There was a bit of noise at night from the outdoor bar downstairs, but we weren't really concerned about getting our eight hours of sleep every night. The food in the cafe was good, as was the buffet. Toby Keiths was excellent (be careful of their special drinks - mine had 6 oz of alcohol...yum...The waitress gave me a &quot;to go&quot; cup because I couldn't drink it all with my dinner). Using our Total Rewards points, we got two free meals each, several souveniers from the gift shop, and a further discount on the room.There was a great variety of slots, more than in Caesar's for example, and we spent a lot of time in the casino. We ended up winning $400-$500 pots on quarter slots many times each, and went home with almost everyting we took. The location is great, and the Monorail access saved our feet many miles of walking. Overall, we were very happy with Harrahs, and would stay there again.Sue from Alberta	
Mar 21 2009 	Total Rewards "Harrahs"	Back on jan.14-17th a friend and myself stayed at Harrahs for a mid-winter guys only getaway. Overall the hotel is very nice and has a great location being right across the road from Caesars Palace and in the middle of the strip. We stayed here mainly for the price. Free, through my Total Rewards players card. But I would stay here again even if I had to pay for it. We were in a remodled deluxe room with 2 queen beds and it was very nice, clean and modern with a limited view of the strip. The buffet is one of my favorites and have been there several times before this trip. Great food and price is around $15-20 depending on when you dined. Price is inline with about every other hotel on strip. Not cheap anymore like old days! The only other place in Harrahs we ate was the 24 hr. cafe. They have good food anytime and the pizza pie is great after a night of drinking some beers!For entertainment we went to Toby Keith's bar. Even though I hate hillbilly music it was a good time with a good crowd and not bad drink prices. Also went to the dueling piano bar and watched the twin girls. Very entertaining!We also hit a country bar called Stoney's Rock N Country down by the Southpointe hotel. Again, not a country fan but wanted to go to a club for people of any age group and are not many of those left. (normally go to Polyesther's in Stratosphere, but was closed for remodeling). So we found this place with a $10 cover and a $20 all the draft beer you drink deal till 4am! It was like an old Gilly's, huge with the mechanical bull and giant dance floor with giant video screens everywhere. They also played some rock music also. Would really recomend if you like country music.The casino area of Harrahs is spread out and alot like any other casino. Harrahs is not the best on the strip but it is everything you would want or need unless you want to overpay on the high dollar snobby themed hotels.As far as Vegas in general. I have been going there for over 25 years now and it has changed so much in that time. Not always for the better. The prices on everything(shows,food,drinks,rooms,) are inflated and it is almost getting to overbuilt and congested. Almost too much anymore. With this bad economy they should maybe think about going back to the way they used to do business. We were there wed-sat. and it was really dead until the weekend. Maybe that should tell them something.Overall I still love Vegas and Harrahs was a great place to spend a few days just to get away from it all! Harrahs was a Total Reward!	
Mar 17 2009 	Great Location	We stayed 5 nights at Harrahs last July. Overall we were satisfied with the hotel mainly for its great location on the strip. Its very central which meant that we only had to walk short distances to visit other hotels like The Venetian and Ceasars. Harrahs is only one of the stops of the metro, which was very convenient. We used the metro a lot to go to different places and avoid the heat at the same time.Check in was a bit slow but we didn't mind. The concierge was very friendly and he helped us choose shows and book a tour to the Hoover dam.Can't say a lot about food as we only had breakfast once at Flavors. The buffet was really good. We gave up the other times due to the long wait.The room was very comfortable, spacious bathroom, ugly view.We used the pool once, quite small but we did not mind as long as it served to cool us down. Harrahs is certainly not one of the top hotels in Vegas but has a very convenient location.	
Mar 15 2009 	A decent hotel stuck in the 1980's	My wife and I don't have very high expectations for our vacations. We usually consider them to be a base of operations. One expectation we have though is that the hotel room has spare electric outlets for our various chargers and laptop. We had to unplug the lamp and/or clock to plug things in. Compounding the situation, the LAN outlet was across the room. The room overall was adequate. The shower was very dark and there wasn't a comfortable chair to sit in. As for the rest of the hotel, it pales in comparison to other hotels nearby. The whole place is in desperate need of updating, modernization, and a thorough scrubbing. It just feels like an old hotel.Saving graces of this place are the Piano Bar and the Mac King comedy show. Both were a lot of fun and great diversions. I understand the priority is keeping us in the casino but they can make more of an effort to make the rooms friendlier to modern travelers and a little more comfortable	
Mar 14 2009 	Top 10 Reasons Not to Stay at Harrahs	10. Long Check-in Lines - We arrived at the hotel around 9:00 pm. There were five people in front of us and it took 35 minutes to check in. We were astonished that only two people were behind the counter. 9. Dated - Outside of &quot;Toby Keith's I Love This Bar and Grill,&quot; everything in the hotel is outdated: the rooms, casino, restaurants, etc. 8. Timeshare Salesmen - Harrah's places these salesmen right beside the elevators. This means every time you go to and from your room, you get heckled by them. They are rude, obnoxious, and treat you with sarcasm as if they are doing us the favor by heckling us. 7. Old People - It feels as if 80% of the people at the hotel are over the age of 60. Everywhere you look there are old people, many of whom smell. 6. Cheap Slots - I realize the economy has not been friendly to Vegas, but that doesn't mean you must make all the slots stingy. Don't bother playing at Harrah's, I would go over to Wynn or MGM Grand. You'll get more bang for your buck.5. Slow elevators - It took longer to get to the sixth floor of Harrah's than it does the 20th floor at The Mirage. Let's speed it up Harrahs!4. Pool - Where did they get this pool setup, Motel 6?3. The Room - Tube TV, rock hard mattress, small shower, no view. 2. Fashion - Ladies, black shorts with black tennis shoes with white socks with a baseball cap does not look good. It's Vegas, not West Virginia!1. Price, Price, Price - For the same price, you can stay at Treasure Island, Flamingo, Bally's, MGM Grand, Excalibur, and Luxor: all of which are far better. We paid $39.99 for this room, and if I had to do it over again, I would have stayed somewhere else. Unless your over the age of 60 and smell funny and wear black shoes with black shorts with white socks and a baseball cap, avoid Harrah's.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great Atmosphere with crappy food	The place is full of great people and extra friendly staff. DO NOT waste your time or money at Oyster Bar at Panazzi. The service and food was awful and it will cost you a pretty penny. I would stay again at this hotel based solely on the staff.	
Mar 12 2009 	Loved Flippy	I didn't actually stay at Harrahs, but when I come back to VEGAS I am totally staying here!! Not only was everything about Harrahs AWESOME, but the deal maker was TIM &quot;FLIPPY&quot; MORRIS he is AWESOME!! The flairing that he can do and the attentivness he gives the customers is beyond AWESOME!! So Harrahs we will see you soon!! And if you are going to be staying at Harrahs (or just going to VEGAS period) you have to go to the carnival court and spend all your money there, you will NOT be disappointed!!!	
Mar 10 2009 	Great Location friendly staff quiet rooms	Spent 5 days/4 night March 2-6. Efficient check in, friendly staff, great location at the center of the Strip. Everything we wanted to do was just a short walk. The rooms in the Carnival tower were quiet. We were promised a Premium room but they only had a Deluxe N/S 2 Queen bed when we checked in, since it was a COMP no problem. Our room was close to the elevator and ice/vending. The linens had been upgraded since my last stay in 2007. The room had a large TV (front jacks for my video camera), internet hook up on a big desk, mini-bar, plenty of closet space and a good sized wall safe. The Starbucks near check- in was 24 hr, great service, even when the lines were long. Business center had plenty of Internet kiosks for printing return boarding passes (cost about $5.00). Loved the Party area (live entertainment indoors and out). Cute carts with food and small souvieners. Ghirardelli Soda Fountain and Chocolate shop was also in the Party area (great Chocolate soda's). We had our main meals outside of the hotel so I can't comment on the buffet or coffee shop, but the lines at the coffee shop were steady. Will stay here again, loved the location and staff.	
Mar 10 2009 	flavors the buffet was great	This stay (4 days) was comped from AC play. The room was just great. Beds were very comfy.Loved the buffet and Starbucks. Machines could have been a lot looser. We weren't in the room much 9th floor too low for any, view should have requested higher. Denny breakfast, nearby, was plenty	
Mar 10 2009 	decent room no drawers ? upgrade	we were there on special pricing through the Total Rewards Club, they talked us into a room upgrade, if the room we got was an upgrade i would be worried what the other room was like. It did indeed look newly decorated, but nothing out of the ordinary that you would expect in Vegas. Oh, there was a TV in the bathroom, maybe that was the upgrade. Anyway, I was not impressed so dont let them talk you into an upgrade for an addt'l fee.	
Mar 8 2009 	Ok But not the best	Checked in On Tuesday about 4:30 pm, two couples with rooms reserved for 8 months. Both had reserved rooms with King Beds, gee they have none, both have to take two queens. Ate at Toby Keith's :Love this Bar and Grill&quot;. Food and servcie were both great, Breakfast at the Buffet here was bad. Food was not kep to tempature and the service was very slow. Bad for 30.00 for two. The spa was good we both had Masasges's on Tuesday needed a breal from the long drive into Vegas. They have a nice area to wait and you can use the work out area for the day with the purchase of the massage. Price was reasonable. The rooms are clean but they are dated. We could hear everything that went on on the rooms on each side of us. Was pretty quiet during the week, but once Friday night hit that was the end of it. They did not clean up the rooms until late in the day, and did not have anything that you could put on the door requesting service sooner, so this was hit or miss. Our room was vacant frm 9-3 on Thursday and was not cleaned when we returned so we did not get service for that night. The hotel sits in the middle of the strip which is helpful and has access to the Monorail, so that is also helpful.	
Mar 7 2009 	It was great	I read alot of reviews downing Harrahs. This was my first trip to Vegas and was comped here. Well the premium, king, smoking room in Mardi Gras Tower was really nice. Clean and comfortable was what I needed and got. The view was horrible but who cares. All in all it was wonderful and will not hesttate to stay here again.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great Location clean	This was our second trip to Harrahs, first was April '08 and we went back because we loved the location and the rooms were clean and met our basic need for a place to shower and sleep.Previous to these trips we had stayed at NYNY and Planet Hollywood and we loved the location of Harrahs. It is just a quick walk across the street to The Mirage, TI and Caesars. Palace.We had a Deluxe room this trip and had a view of the strip, Forum Shops, and the pool in the Carnival Tower. Great value for the $$.	
Feb 27 2009 	You probably can find a better hotel!	My husband and I stayed 5 nights at Harrah's in mid February. I had never been to Vegas and he had a conference at the hotel so we stayed there. While I did appreciate the great location mid-strip, in this economy, it's more than possible to find a good location (Mirage, Caesars) AND a better quality hotel.We had a standard size room which was quite large but very dated. The bed was very comfortable but the shower leaked, wasn't hot enough and the water pressure was non existant. After wandering through some of the other hotels, I would have preferred one with more bars and places to just sit and hang out to watch the crowd. Harrah's must have once been the place to be in it's time, but that time has past. It could use a facelift.I did go to the Oyster bar twice for delicious Oysters. Yum!!	
Feb 27 2009 	Premium no	We have stayed at Harrahs every time we go to Vegas. This was our 6th trip. The location is great.We were comped a premium room this time,on the 4th floor. First time staying in this tower. Itwas very noisy from the bands playing on Carnival court. The only difference I noticed between the deluxe and the premium rooms were marble shower and a tv in the bathroom, plasma tv in the bedroom. The bathrrom was smaller in the premium, we had no view. I will opt for the deluxe from now on.Service is friendly. I was sick the first 2 days being there. Called down and they let me borrow a humidifier. Brought it quickly. It really helped.Food prices our quite high, but what isn't in Vegas? Buffet at breakfast wasn't what it used to be. Not worth $16.The wait staff in the casino are very friendly with alot of familiar faces. Must be a good place to work, they have been there along time.	
Feb 26 2009 	Pillow Top Mattress!!!!	Stayed at Harrah's 2/20-2/23/09 in the Mardi Gras Tower 1407. My room was really nice &amp; comfortable. The bed is fabulous, as soon as I sat on it, I didn't want to get up. Took a nap. The flat screen in the bathroom was nice to watch while getting dressed. We were on the side were the carnival club plays. It was not all that loud. You could hear it with the door closed, but is very muffled. Before going out, my party meet in my room, we opened the door and had a mini party in the room. Harrah's has the best comps in vegas. If you don't have a total rewards card, you need to get one. Our room stay was comped for three nights. During our stay we ordered room service twice, about $30 aa pop and that was comped on check out. The room service is from the Cafe downstairs, so the room was not that bad. My husband won $350 on the penny slots, that was a plus! The weather was great, it was about 70 during the day. At night you need a thin jacket. But, aynthing is better than the 300 degrees in the summer. Will never go to Vegas again in the summer, February was great. There wasn't a big crowd and you weren't pissed if you had to go outside for longer than 5 minutes. In September of 08' I stayed at Imperial Palace, so the upgrade to Harrah's was really nice. The stay at IP was wasn't that bad, I had an upgraded suite, but Harah's is much nicer. The bar tender in the Piano Bar at about 5pm on Saturday was not all that friendly and I paid for my drinks!! Whatever!!! Was there to celebrate a cousins bday, who had a compd room @ Bally's, room was huge!!! But furniture was old. The bartender lady out of the carnival court is off the hook!!! You can get any drink you want $25, she was doing all kinds of tricks with the bottles, she earned her $5 tip!! I don't really gamble, at the most maybe $100. I family friend lost about $2k, that is really sad! In this hard economy, we need to make better choices. There are so many other things to do in Vegas, not just gambling. Live outside the box!!!Have Fun!!!!	
Feb 24 2009 	GREAT room and locale well worth it!	A friend of mine chose Harrah's because of the location and the comp rewards. This was my first stay at Harrah's. Others being at Luxor and the Monte Carlo. We checked in around noonish and we were given our rooms immediately. We didn't even have to wait till 4, their check in time. We booked the standard room and our room was on the 4th floor. The price was very affordable and I think the room was well worth it. Our view of the room were the parking garages of Imperial Palace I think.. Not too shabby, we didn't stay in our room much of the time anyway. The bathroom was VERY spacious. I loved it. The beds were nice and very comfy. The casino itself was VERY VERY smokey. It was spacious aswell. The blackjack dealer were very nice and would help ya alittle in the game too! This casino connects to Imperial Palace and the monorail. If you were to walk outside, go next door to Casino Royale and try there 1dollar margaritas. Very good. I had great luck at their Wheel of Fortune.The buffet at FLAVORS was nice but I do think it was overpriced. Lots of Variety of food, but if you're not in it for the food. Try their cafe, I think it's cheaper there.The pool weren't all that great. It reminded me of the pool at my apartment. Try there finger burgers! Dlicious! Over and All. I would mos def. stay here again.	
Feb 23 2009 	worst stay in Las Vegas ever!!	Our premium room was anything but premium-noisy overlooking Carnival Court( unable to change room &quot;nothing else available??????!&quot;. Strong marijuana smell in corridors, misleading info on check -in- Carnival Court entertainment shuts down at midnight.........I realize I do not have to write a review but I feel strongly that as a fellow business person you can't correct issues if no one tells you there are any issues	
Feb 19 2009 	Great Location	My wife and I choose Harrahs for its central location on the strip. We arrived at 1 pm and was offered a 6th floor room facing the outdoor cafe/bar area. We were advised that the music could be quite noisy. We opted for another room and was told that there were none ready and that we were welcome to wait, and to check back in a little while. We did and was told that we would have to wait until 4pm (regular check in time) when we asked for early check in.  Other than this issue at the beginning we had a very nice stay and every one was very nice. We did have an issue with a handle breaking off the closet door, and when I called the front desk, they told me they would send someone up and they never did the entire stay, If you are allergic to cigarette smoke be prepared that even the non smoking rooms have a slight stench due to ventalation or the smell sticking to the clothes.  The Flavors Buffet was wonderful, if you think that $20 dollars per person is expensive for a buffet dinner ($15 for breakfast $16 for lunch) I highly recommend that you try it anyway, we thought the same, but after we tried it, and even just saw the verity of dishes, we realized it was worth it. The Cafe was a little over priced, and would recommend the Buffet.  Take the bus if planning to travel up and down the strip, my wife and I walked from Harrah's to New York New York and our legs are killing us. The Duce $3 OW and $7 RT.	
Feb 17 2009 	Average Hotel and Casino	This was an average hotel and casino. Rooms were nondescript, average hotel rooms with a small self-programable safe. The casino was a bit aged and average with a theater featuring Rita Rudner upstairs. Harrah's had comp'ed our rooms due to our play in Shreveport/Bossier City so when we came to Vegas to watch our daughter play in a volleyball tournament, we stayed at their Harrah's location. Never spending the night in one of their facilities, we did not know what to expect. We were not dissappointed but were not wow'ed,either. The staff was very friendly and the dealers all had wonderful personalities. We only had breakfast in The Cafe, which was good and was also comp'ed at check-out, and service was excellent. The hotel/casino is located across the street from the Mirage, next to the Flamingo, attached by walkway to the Imperial and within walking distance to many other places on the strip. The traffic is a mess most of the time.One negative that I'm going to mention because I've never experienced anything like this in my entire life....There is a card in the bathroom that states &quot;Throw your dirty towels on the floor and we'll leave you clean ones.&quot; We've all seen the sign before...no problem. We left our dirty towels hanging over the shower. Just 2 of us, but I used a 3rd towel when I washed my hair. When we came in that night, our towels were gone and new towels were folded and back on the rack. After my shower, I pulled down a towel to dry off. And, surprise*surprise, there was my makeup (I hope it was my makeup!) on the towel I was drying off with! O-k, interesting. I looked at the rack and there were 4 towels. How were we (or anyone else) to know which one was my towel, my husbands, the towel for my hair...or the clean towel?...how would they know when we checked out? Would they wash them all? How would that save water? Were we using someone elses dirty towels? If we left our 2 dirty towels on the floor, would my dirty hair towel remain on the shelf folded for the next people since I didn't know which one it was to take down and throw on the floor??? Maybe I'm obsessing but I don't like thinking I (or anyone else) is using dirty towels..... Just FYI.... :(I honestly don't know what the price of rooms here are so I can't tell you if this is a good deal or not. It is not flashy or new but it is not old and run down either. The room is decent, the water was always hot, the food and service is good, the casino dealers are personable (which is a big plus... if they're going to take your money, you might as well have fun!!!!) and it's close to other places if you're the type to wander to other casinos. And yes, there is a Starbucks in the lobby!	
Feb 16 2009 	Hotel - YES Buffet - NO	I am a Total Rewards card holder at Harrahs and chose to stay there over Valentine's weekend because they gave me a good rate. The hotel itself is very nice - clean, modern, great location on the strip. This hotel is one of the monorail stops and that makes it much easier to get around to other casinos. The bed was comfy (and I am like the princess and the pea!- so that says a lot!) Lots of hot water in the shower, housekeeping was great. Here are the downfalls: the casino seems much more smokey then others we visited, no coffeemaker or mini fridge in room, and the buffet.......ugh. We had both a dinner and breakfast buffet while we were there. Considering the number of people flowing through the buffet you would think the food would be hot, but almost everything I chose, was luke warm at best (and the OJ at breakfast was not cold either). The food just wasn't very special or appetizing. They did have some nice desserts, though. There are many other places to eat on the strip and we found the dinner buffet at the Venetian was better (except in the dessert area).	
Feb 9 2009 	Beware of verbal voucher/comps	I booked a room at Harrahs thru Last Minute Travel and got a good rate (better than any other I could find for this hotel on the web at the time) of 94.95. Stayed on a Friday night on MLK weekend. Great location. Room itself was ok, not a Marriott but a level below. Young partiers next door were really really really loud but finally left at 11:30 PM probably to go to the clubs. When I checked in, I was told by the clerk/reservationist who checked me in that I was entitled to a a &quot;freebie or coupon or a voucher&quot; something like that , where I can use any service within the hotel gift shops, restaurants, etc for up to $30 and I would be credited for it. I asked the clerk if he could give me a coupon or card to use for this. He assured me - all I would have to do is charge the service to the room, and when I checked out, they would deduct up to $30 of the charge from my final bill for the room. So the next morning, I went to the coffee shop and had a breakfast that totaled $17.50. Actually I really did not have much for breakfast, the coffee shop is not cheap. But I was getting this free, right? Well after the meal which I charged to my room, I quickly went back to my room and as I travel light, I was checking out within 5 minutes of leaving the coffee shop. When I dropped off my room key, the clerk told me I did not have any charges. Since I had pretty much just left the coffee shop, I told the clerk that I just had a meal that he probably would not see on his display, but it was charged to the room and was less than the $30 credit. I said that I wanted to double check with you that I would not be charged this amount on my credit card. He said that I wouldn't. Believe me, I would not have eaten breakfast at this hotel if I knew it wasn't free. I just got my credit card statement and they did charge me for it. I called the hotel and talked to the billing clerk and she said her manager told her to tell me that they can't refund my card, and that I would have to call Last Minute Travel to take care of this. This made no sense, but I did call Last Minute Travel, and they said that there is nothing they can do since they did not offer this comp/credit. Bottom line here, if you are offered this kind of extra or freebie, get it in writing or get a coupon, and if they won't do that, go up the ladder to hotel management if necessary. I will not stay at this hotel again. This is bad customer service.	
Feb 5 2009 	Great stay at Harrah's	Stayed at Harrah's 1/17/09 - 1/20/09. Our reservation was for a premium room with two beds. The rate was COMP due to past stays at other Harrah's properties. Slight hiccup at check in - the clerk said it would be $25 per night for the premium room. This was until I showed him my printed confirmation confirming a premium room COMP for the entire stay. He made a copy of my reservation for his records and we were on our way.Our room was on the 7th floor of the Mardi Gras tower. Not much of a view - we could see the TI sign across the street and part ot the Venetian. Our view was mainly AC vents on the roof below. No big deal, don't plan to look out the window the entire time. It was nice having a balcony to step out on even if there wasn't much to look at. I took pictures and will try to add them later.The room was very clean and the beds were very comfortable. Linens were nice quality, you could tell the room was recently remodeled. The bathroom was nice but small. Overall, the room is smaller than the other places I've stayed on the strip (Bally's, Paris, Caesars) but just as nice or nicer as far as the decor (and comfy beds). The room is good for two people but I would not recommend more than two staying in this room type.The staff at Harrah's is very nice, very down to earth. The patrons seemed to be average people too. I was comfortable gambling here. Great selection of slots and Video Poker. I like the atmosphere of the casino. Harrah's has many restaurants on premises. We ate at the italian restaurant and the buffet. Both were good. The location on the strip is great. I will likely stay here again.	
Feb 2 2009	Watch Out!	WATCH OUT!! $100 deposit per night required at check in. or $200 cash to be refunded upon check out. no where does it state this flaw. Make sure you have the extra money when booking this hotel.	
Feb 1 2009 	Superb - Tremendous Hotel Location	We stayed at Harrah's from the 24th Jan 09 - 29th Jan 09, didn't know what to expect especially with reading the reviews of this hotel on various forums. From the moment we arrived at the hotel we were very pleased, the rooms were superb the location excellent we couldn't fault a thing, the staff were very friendly and helpful. The location of Harrah's is superb (very central) and with going in the other hotels along the strip we definitely picked the right hotel.We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who was going to Las Vegas, one of the best on the strip.	
Jan 31 2009 	Very Disappointed	Long time Las Vegas traveler and very disappointed with Harrah’s. Booked 3 remodeled Premium rooms for a 5 night family reunion. All three rooms were dirty, bathrooms had mold, and the view was horrible. Hallway carpets were torn and walls desperately in need of paint and repair. Arrived by 4pm but did not get any of the room types requested when booked through Travelocity. Overheard some Casino employees stating Travelocity bookings get what they get. Requested 2 smoking rooms, one with King and one with 2 Queens, and a non-smoking with King. Got 3 non-smoking rooms with 2 Queen beds instead. Was told at check-in shouldn't be a problem to get the rooms requested the next day. Next morning wasted 2 hours trying to change Premium rooms. Even after complaining about the filthy rooms, they were unable to provide the room types booked, and there was no offer of compensation for the filth. Decided to pay $600 to upgrade to 3 Jr. Suites. Still couldn't get any smoking rooms. The hotel confirmed all 3 suites would be ready by 4pm, but when we went to change rooms, only 2 suites were available. Talked to the Manager, but was only able to get an 11th floor Premium non-smoking room for a smoker. It was better than looking at rooftop air handlers, but had to listen to jackhammers during the day at the pool and loud music until 2am from the outdoor bar at night. The 2 Jr. Suites were nice and clean. If you like cold showers these rooms are for you. Bath water was hot, but when you turn on the shower the water turns cold. The suites were on different floors but the water issue was the same in both suites. Gamble at Harrah’s, don't stay there.	
Jan 29 2009 	Would Stay Here Again!	My husand and I stayed at Harrah's for the first time from 1/24/09 - 1/27/09. Since our rooms were comped we did not expect much, but were pleasantly surprised with our accommodations. Our room was on the 26th floor of the Carnival Tower with a dead-on view of the Mirage volcano, partial view of the strip and beautiful views of the mountains. Room was clean and comfortable. The only thing it lacked was a real closet. The room had an amoire type of closet which is part of the wall unit in the room. Good thing we were only there for 4 days otherwise the small closet could have been an issue. We ate at the oyster bar within the hotel which was very good. Best oysters we had in a long time! Room service was very fast and efficient. All the bartenders within the hotel seem to pour a very strong drink! Bar outside in the Carnival Court area was a lot of fun, especially at happy hour. All the bartenders were very entertaining.Starbucks is located in main lobby area (open 24 hours) also on the second floor next to Tobby Keiths Bar (opens at 7:00 a.m.) Make sure you go to the one on the second floor. There was never anyone there. We never had to wait!It cost us five dollars to print our boarding passes at the business center which is located on the second floor next to the meeting rooms. People who ran center were very nice and a pleasure to talk to.Rented a car from Hertz for the day. They are located right by the registration desk. Clerk was pleasant, fast, efficient and didn't push the rental insurance.We took a ride to Red Rock Canyon which was about 20 miles from the strip. It was beautiful and worth the trip. Also stopped at the Red Rock Casino. Fabulous hotel with nice casino and great restaurants. Went to Peppermills for a great breakfast. Portions were huge, food really good and place was very Vegas. Had (very expensive) drinks at the Mixx Lounge at the top of Mandalay Bay Hotel. It is worth going just for one drink to check out their bathrooms. View from their bathrooms were unbelieveable!The only thing that was a little annoying was the time share people that worked the main floor, front door entrance and second floor. Just pleasantly decline and keep walking.We did enjoy staying at Harrah's and would stay here again.	
Jan 29 2009 	Nice 	Spent a couple night in Harrah's in November 2008. This is a nice hotel that is in the middle of the strip. It's nice, clean and convenient. Everything is within walking distance, and there's shuttles to several other casinos. I will stay there again.	
Jan 26 2009 	Excellent accomodations	Stayed from Jan 18th to jan 24th. Although I was attending the IBS trade show, my wife and I spent time enjoying Las Vegas.Reception desk fast service.Took luxury room which is just slightly more expensive than the deluxe room. Stayed in the Mardi Gras section, room 1254 which overlooked Mirage and Ceaser's Palace. Room very nice with nice view. Bear in mind that not all rooms have a view.Very well located on the middle of the strip, easy access to the Monorail.I've been going to Vegas yearly and this was my 1st time at Harrah's, and would definitely recommend it.If I can be of any help, do not hesitate to contact mecoteduf@nbnet.nb.caPierre from Bathurst NB.	
Jan 26 2009 	Great Stay Unbelievably Comfy Bed	Check in on Sunday afternoon took only 5 minutes. Registration desk was sure to inform me that if I opted for a room overlooking Carnaval Court the band could be heard until midnight. Used my comps for 4 night in the Mardi Gras towers. The room had a balcony form which I could partially see the fountains from Bellagio. A couple of floors higher than the one I was on(9) would have been perfect but I was not real concerned about the view at check in so did not bother to ask. Room was both roomy and spotless. Maid service was great even after I broke a glass at 2 am they were there immediately to clean it.Ate at the Cafe a couple of times around 1 am. Place was pretty much deserted but still had to wait 10 minutes for a table which I found odd. Food was good and reasonable for Vegas. Ate the buffet for breakfast once it was delicious. Some of the best fruit ever. Entire staff was very helpful . Slot service came within 3 minutes of the light being turned on. The shuttle to and from Rio actually ran every 15 minutes instead of 30 so not much waiting around.Best part of stay was the amazingly comfortable bed and pillows. I honestly have never been that comfortable and relaxed in my life!!	
Jan 20 2009 	Average at best	This was my second trip to Vegas. Harrahs offered me two free nights in a deluxe room from using my Total Rewards card on the first trip (do sign up, they really do give you comps!). We stayed the first two nights at Imperial Palace and then moved next door to Harrahs. Changing hotels was no problem at all, just walked with our luggage next door around 11am. There was a pretty long line due to everyone checking out at that time but that was to be expected. Staff was not too friendly but not overly rude either. We were just happy to be able to check-in right away and not have to check our luggage at the bell desk(which is outside if you are looking for it). Asked for a strip view but staff said we would have to wait longer to get that so settled for a room on the 15th floor in the Mardi Gras tower. We had no view what so ever but the window was huge, it went from floor to ceiling and if you had something good to look at then it would have been nice. The room was on the small side but clean. We had two queen beds, a small table and chairs, the huge wooden cabinet that held a small tv and on one side had the ironing board and the other a small closet. The room also had a mini bar but don't touch anything unless you want to pay because its motion sensored. The bathroom was also small. The shower would not turn off each day and housekeeping had to come fix it. The sink wouldn't drain after washing your hands. The room layout was just very cramped. It was tight for two people, there is no way that I would suggest trying this room with 3 or 4 people. There are metal srips every few feet in the hallway and the housekeepers are constantly running over them with their cleaning carts and its very annoying when you are trying to sleep. They do not try and come in your room when you have the do not disturb sign up but you know they are out there! The elevators run fast and smoothly. They have seperate ones for the lower number and the higher number floors. The casino is fun, easy to find your way around. Did not see the pool since it was January. Did eat at the Flavors Buffet, thought it was pretty good. You will definitely find enough to eat, they even have sushi on the lunch buffet. Also ate at Harrahs Cafe, I think it was called. It was okay, good place to stop when you are in a hurry to move on to gambling. Did not have very much luck in the casino, mostly played in other ones. Warning on the Mac King Comdey Show...when you check in they will give you a complementary two free tickets coupon. It says that you only have to buy one drink per person for $9.99. Well the day we went Mac King wasn't there, they told us Dave Williamson would be taking his place and the total per ticket comes to about $14 a person once you add in the entertainment and beverage tax. So you get one drink during the show for that price. The show itself was okay. It was about 45 mins long. But you're in Vegas....have fun and enjoy yourself. I would have to say that my stay at IP was better than Harrahs, believe it or not! But I can't complain my nights here were free! Harrahs is a nice clean hotel which is in an excellant location so just use the room for catching some Zzzzz's! Have fun!	
Jan 18 2009 	Vegas first timers	This was our first visit to las Vegas, we picked Harrah's due to price and central location. We had a luxury room on the 18 th floor of the Mardi Gras Tower. Having a view of the the strip was important to us and Harrrah's was able to provide a room with a great view to us. The room was clean, service was excellent. The bell captains and valet service was friendly and provided valuable tips on transportation. We did use room service for breakfast and was pleased. The service was quick and food hot but beaware there is a service charge. Too bad Harrah's could not offer free room service. The buffet was average . The Cafe and Toby's restaurant's food and service was above average. The negative review is the casino itself. It is runned down. The slots are old, the chairs are stained which makes it uncomfortable to sit on. We chose to stand many times. There are not enough restrooms on the casino floor.We used the concierge service in Harrah's to book two tours. That service was below average. We left a message on the answering machine to have the person call us to book our tours and never recieved a return call. I recalled left a message , waited two hours and then recalled and got a live person on the phone. When I tried to put the charge on my room bill , the person said I could not because they are not connected to the hotel service. I could definelty tell, since this service was below average. The tour to Hoover dam was average but the tour guide for the Red Rock canyon was not very articulate and not able to give a well presented guided tour. Both tour guides were pleasant. All in all , We enjoyed our stay and the location of Harrah's is a very postive feature.	
Jan 18 2009 	wait time for room horrendous	We did arrive in Vegas early, 9am. I have a Diamond card, thought that would give me some help, but it did not. We had to wait 8 hours to get a room. I was told it would be a suite. It was not, just a larger, corner room. Carnival tower #2025.The TV was small, I think 27&quot;, the swivel was broken, so VERY hard to view from the bed.The toilet ran all night, woke us up about 5 times.We have stayed at Harrah's many times before, NEVER had such poor service with check in,Flavors buffet along with their service was great.	
Jan 18 2009 	Simple good	I stayed for 4 nights in harrah's during the CES and AVN convention. The hotel has an excellent location for a good price. I booked a deluxe strip view in the carnival tower. There wasn't much of a strip view, but for the good online deal i made it was ok. The room is clean with a seat for two and a small desk with a good internet connection (plug in the cable, cost 14 dollar a day). The room was quiet, the room was clean, the bed was very good and housekeeping allright. But the other hotels like Caesar and Treasure Island aren't that far away from this hotel and the center strip as i expected. It is a good hotel if you are not often on the room and are here for business. For a romantic getaway i should choose something more expensive for the Las Vegas glamour experience and extra bling bling. And offcourse for a good swimming pool, in december don't bother for a hotel without swimming pool, or it must be inside.It was what i expected and a good deal when you're not looking to stay at a hotel with something extra to experience.	
Jan 14 2009 	Great choice perfect location	Stayed at the Harrah's Las Vegas during CES 2009 (Jan 8-12). Booked a Premium room. Check-in around 11:30am was fast and very friendly. I asked for a no smoking room facing away from the Carnival court and was offered just that. The room ended up being a 2 Queen bed room on the 12th floor facing the strip (view of TI/Mirage and its volcano).The room was wonderful. A 32&quot; LCD TV in the bedroom and another 15&quot; LCD in the bathroom. The beds were confortable and had crisp white linens. There was a minibar in the room and ample storage in the closet (inside the built-in cabinet). AC was quiet, but I ended up turning it OFF as it was cool anyhow and I prefer to open the window (to a small balcony) for fresh air.I had an issue with the TV (Stations were not programmed) and within 45 mins of calling housekeeping, a technician came up and fixed right away and showed me how to reset in case it did it again (it did). A bit later, the very nice maid knocked on the door to ensure everything was alright.Daily housekeeping was perfect. Lots of towels, soaps and other toileteries changed as used.The room was quiet, but I could barely hear my next door neighbour through the connecting door. Luckily, most people around that time were single professionals going to CES, so it was not an issue at all. There was no smell of any smoke at all in the room or hallways. Ate 3 times at the buffet and it was alright. Good choice for breakfast with all the usuals (including made to order eggs). Keep an eye in the Carnival court for a girl handing out $5 off coupons valid anytime.Casino itself was OK, but I mostly played at Bally's or Paris as the table minimums were $5 there, compared to $10 at Harrah's. On my last day (Monday), many sections of the casino slots where closed off for renovations. Not sure how long it was going to last for.Overall a great stay. I had absolutely nohing to complain about. Everything was perfect.	
Jan 14 2009 	harrahs	Front check in was quick and efficient. Staff member a bit reserved, bordering on cold,but professional. She unfroze a bit by the time we finished with our questions. Room was clean, very nicely decorated, well organized, and roomy for two people. The room had everything needed with extras. The only thing we would have liked stocked was in room coffee and coffee maker. The housecleaning staff was considerate never ignoring the Do Not Disturb sign. The cleaning and re-stocking of the room was always done properly and in a timely manner. The cleaning staff was freindly. Our room was in the back tower which was perfect for avoiding noise and crowds. From the tower it is a short walk through the casino to the strip. My mother is very allergic to cigarrette smoke but she was not bothered by the smoke when walking through the casino. I am not aware if this is due to the air filtering system or the decreased number of gamblers when we were there. The front desk staff was very helpful and eager to help when approached with questions. One of the in house restaurants we walked past each day had a reasonably priced steak and shrimp special on each day. There is a McDonalds and Denny's restaurant very close to the casino doors twhich open onto the strip. The in house theatre where we saw Rita Rudner's performance was excellent. The theatre is suprisingly smaller than you would expect and the performer can easily be seen from any seating area. The seats were comfortable and the design of the space makes you feel as if you are one of a few special guests invited to a private performance. The alcohol was reasonably priced and theatre staff was freindly and accomodating. The casino staff , cleaners and security, were also freindly and accomodating when asked questions. They never hurried you or acted as if they had better things to do. The check out was fast and efficient. The staff member was once again freindly.	
Jan 8 2009 	Great Hotel	We booked this hotel as part of a West Jet Vacation Package.The room was very nice. We had a King Size bed - very comfortable. The Italian restaurant in the hotel was excellent. They had a $20 special including an entree, salad, bread and glass of wine. It was very good and more than I could eat.The people at the registration desk were very friendly and helpful. They were always willing to take the time to give us directions or answer questions.I am embarassed to say that I forgot to check the closet before we checked out and didn't realize until we got home that I had left 5 or 6 articles of clothing. I quickly called the hotel, they put me thru to lost and found and they had all of my stuff saved in a bag for me. I was able to have a relative pick my clothes up for me. I was very impressed by the honesty of the hotel. I have left stuff in other hotels never to be seen again. I was also impressed by how easy they made it for me to resolve my problem, they were very co-operative. The only negative I can possibly think of (and this is all over Vegas not just limited to this hotel) is the ever present Time Share people. I just got so I would shake my head and glare at them when they would start to aproach. I really hate feeling like I have to do that because I hate having to be rude to people but otherwise I would be sucked into one presentation after another.	
Jan 2 2009	Non-smokers - beware	We were celebrating my son's 21st birthday. The rooms were pre-paid more than a month in advance of our stay. We had reserved 2 king non-smoking rooms. We arrived late (flight was delayed several hours). The hotel registration clerk said since we arrived late, we couldn't get two king non-smoking rooms. They offered two queen non-smoking rooms instead. After much discussion, they eventually upgraded my room to a mini-suite...which was nothing more than a king size non-smoking room but it was on the 6th floor of Carnval tower. During the night, I was awakened by the overpowering stench of smoke...the room was either not on a non-smoking floor or was too close to casino. I have allergies and had to get up to take a pill so I could breathe a little more normally. Next day they moved my room up to the 15th floor of Carnval tower; however, there was someone staying on that floor who just smoked out in the hall. You can't get away from the stench of smoke in Harrah's...it permeates the rooms and of course the casino.We ate in the Cafe - not great and too pricey for mediocre food.	
Dec 31 2008 	great location for price	We chose Harrah's based upon a recommendation from a work colleague due to it being centrally located and cheap. We were very happy with the hotel accommodation and the staff were very pleasant and helpful. Given that we were never in the room, we decided not to upgrade and stayed in a standard room in the Carnaval Tower even though we knew it hadn't been rennovated. Our room was in very good condition (Rm 2934) and even though slightly dated compared to more modern hotels, was more than adequate for our needs and was only $40 a night. Why pay a fortune for a bed and a shower in somewhere like the Venetian when you can get a good clean simple room at Harrah's with just as good a location and then spend the difference on enjoying yourselves with the luxuries in life.We can't comment on the food etc in the hotel as we didn't eat there (we ate in The Bellagio etc spending the money we had saved!)A really good central location, friendly staff and comfy rooms at a really good price. Would definitely recommend to family/friends.Just watch out for the slightly thin walls - the people in the empty adjoining room who had obviously checked out the day before had forgotten to cancel their early morning alarm. Security quickly turned the alarm clock off after we called reception and explained.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great hotel with reasonable priced upgrades	This was our fourth trip to Vegas and we wanted somewhere a bit more central and a little more &quot;old Vegas&quot; so we picked Harrahs. On arrival we were offered an upgrade to a Junior suite for $50 a night or $75 for a top floor Exec Suite with Jacuzzi and view of the Mirage volcano. As it was Xmas and we were there for 6 nights we opted for the Exec suite. Check in was fairly quick and the staff were friendly and helpful. The location of the hotel is very central and within walking distance of pretty much everything on the strip. If you have tired feet there is also a monorail station at the back of the hotel. Some think the immediate area is a little &quot;off&quot; but apart from the McDonalds next door which does attract some undesirables (both prostitutes and lots of the flicky flicky men when we went) it's absolutely fine at any time of day.In the room we had a living room with a small coffee making/drinks station, a large bedroom with a king bed and a bathroom with jacuzzi, two sinks and a seperate shower.The living room had a sofa and a TV and a dining table and chairs. There was also a small bar type thing in the corner for coffee and with a min bar. The window had view over the strip looking towards the Mirage and the mountains.The bedroom had a large king bed with a big wardrobe, a safe and an iron. There was also a double corner window with views over the Mirage and up the strip towards the Venetian. We could watch the Volcano from our room.The bathroom had a jacuzzi bath big enough for two, a sink each with their own Gilchrist and Soames tolietries and a seperate toilet and shower.Overall I was very impressed with Harrah's. I was a little sceptical of Harrahs as it's less well known but i had nothing to fear.I'm not sure what the standard room is like but in my opinion I think I would prefer to pay for an Exec Suite here for roughly the same price as a standard room in some of the 4 star hotels. Aside from the room the hotel is just like many of the other casinos. The breakfast buffet is fairly average, but we only had it once as there were big queues and it's not really my thing anyway. We also went to the &quot;Toby Keiths - I love this bar and Grill&quot; in the hotel which was good, but a bit too TGI's for my liking. They bring your drink in a big jar which just seems wrong. Good value but i had a chronic headache when we went so I don't actually remember too much of this.Overall a great hotel which I would not hesitate to stay at again.	
Dec 20 2008 	Harrahs Mardi Gras Tower	Recently stayed 2 nights at Harrahs. I booked through the hotel website using comps. This was a solo trip and I was at Four Queens DT before checking into my room on the strip. The room was a &quot;premier&quot; room in which I understood to be a remodeled room in the Mardis Gras Tower. I checked in at 2:00 PM on a Sunday and requested a quiet room away from Carnaval Court.This tower is the older tower with balconies. I had stayed there several years ago and found the room at that time a bit worn. I was pleasantly surprised upon entering the room. The entire room and furnishings had been redone. Nice big pillow top mattress, duvet and plenty of pillows. Flat screen TV in room and small one in bath mounted to the wall. Very clean room, small balcony, nice water pressure in the shower. The rooms are small but perfect for a single traveler and would not be bad for a couple. My room overlooked the AC vents but could see a little of the Venetian. I don't mind the AC/heat noise as it helps me sleep!I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again on a good offer. The staff was friendly, room was comfortable and perfect for my stay.Overall I was very impressed with my room	
Dec 18 2008 	All around good experience	Spent four nights at Harrah's earlier this month and was very happy with the experience. After staging my own personal reenactment of the movie Planes, Trains and Automobiles, which included numerous flight delays, an all out sprint across O'Hare to make a connecting flight and a rental car that wasn't there...I finally arrived (many hours late) at 2am, tired and slightly cranky. Upon check-in, the employees at the front desk were wonderful, going beyond polite and courteous to make me feel genuinely welcome. I headed to my room (Carnavale Tower - Rm 518), which was spacious and clean. The view wasn't much to speak of, but hey, not everything can overlook the Strip (I think views are overrated, the only time I actually noticed my view was when I first arrived and checked to see what kind of view I had). The bathroom was giant, beds comfortable and above all, everything was clean.After dropping off my bags in the room, I headed down to check out the casino. It was 2:30am on a Wed. but there were still a decent amount of gaming options available, cocktail service was quick and I happy with the selection of higher end beers. I ended up only eating one meal on the premises, a lunch at Ming's Table, which was reasonably priced (for Vegas) with large portions and good food. On a previous trip I visited the steakhouse (The Range), which was excellent. There are a number of other options available for all pallets and all budgets.If you're interested in venturing out into Vegas, Harrah's is centrally located, within walking distance of dozens of other casinos, shops and restaurants. I like to casino hop, so this was perfect for me. If you're cheap like me and want to play $5 blackjack, you can head next door to Casino Royale or O'Shea's (there were some $5 tables at Harrah's but only on weekday morning/afternoons), or if you want a higher end experience you can cross the street to the Mirage or TI. I would definitely stay there again and recommend it to my friends &amp; family.	
Dec 11 2008 	Great deal thru Hotwire	This place was a great deal for the price. We stayed 4 nights (Fri-Tuesday) and paid approx $400 which is pretty good considering it was over the weekend. The hotel is pretty much right in the middle of the strip, directly across from the Mirage. Service was always good, whether it was in the casino, restaurant, or front desk. Very quiet rooms too. I recommend this hotel.	
Dec 2 2008 	If you have a conference at the Venetian stay here for 1/2 the price.	When I'm in Vegas on business I'm only in the room to sleep and shower... and it seems silly to pay two or three hundred a night for a hotel room. The rooms at the Venetian are great, but if you want to save a some cash you can book a room next door at Harrah's for half that or less. The rooms are nice, just not as plush as some of the more expensive hotels on the strip. Harrah's also has a great location. I've stayed here 5 times in the past two years - and every stay was the same - no hassles, room as expected.	
Dec 1 2008 	Good Location Fair Hotel	Stayed at Harrah's while attending a wedding at the Wynn. The hotel was fair. I have stayed at Mirage, TI, and Excalibur in the past and this was better than Excalibur but not up to par with Mirage or TI. The location is midstrip so it was perfect for getting around. The casino was big and had plenty of games to choose from. It was busy but not overly crowded. Don't miss the dueling piano bar. It was a good way to spend some time not gambling.My only gripe is that I had booked all 3 nights at once. As the date got closer some of the days prices went down and some went up. When I called to have it adjusted they told me they could only give me a new total price (ups and downs included) not just change one night. To remedy this I asked if I could cancel one of the nights (the one that had gotten cheaper) and rebook it at the new rate. This seemed to work fine. By the end I had 3 confirmation numbers, but they accomodated well and we had the same room the whole stay.Harrah's was an average hotel with a nice casino. But if you want a view you will need to pay for it. We looked at roofs and alleys. I may splurge a little next time for a better one.	
Nov 27 2008 	generally good	Generally good experience but CONSTANTLY accosted at entrances by people selling time shares and/or condos. It started as soon as we checked in (first booth was right next to registration) and continued constantly as we entered and existed the property. All I could do to not swear or flip them off after 3rd day!Housekeeping is not very alert - toilet &quot;rattled&quot; everytime we sat on it, apparently something was loose. Should have been caught every time it was cleaned, assuming it was cleaned.Good choices of machines in casino, almost no tables less than $25 for blackjack.Excellent location, close to many other casinos we wanted to visit and has Sam's Town and Rio shuttles.	
Nov 25 2008 	Good Stay at Harrah's	I booked a trip for my fiancé for his 25th birth day; we stay at Harrah's Las Vega's. My main reason for booking this trip was because I had an amazing discount on rooms from playing at Harrah's in Atlantic City. We were a little worried that this casino was geared towards an older audience but we couldn’t pass up the deal. When we first arrived they did not have the type of room that I requested (upgraded and view of the strip). We stayed in one of the older rooms for the first night. We had no problem switching our room the next morning. We were upgraded to a newly renovated room and were given a $30 meal voucher for the inconvenience. Our new room was very nice and had a great view of the strip as well as the mountains. I will say that I feel the casino floor was a little smaller then some of the other casinos we visited. Our dinning options were limited and there is no real upscale bar or club. Since it is Vegas we had no problems catching a cab and going over to the Palms or other casino's that had some of the hottest night life around. While staying there we also saw the Price is Right show and received free tickets at check in for the Classic Auto Car Show. I would definitely come back to Vegas, it was one of the best vacations I've had! I would consider staying at Harrah’s again if we were given another discount but the Harrah’s in Atlantic City completely beats the quality, night life, and eating places. What can you say in a Jersey girl that is very fortunate to have Atlantic City in our state.	
Nov 25 2008 	Hip Hip Harrah	What another great visit to Las Vegas, this hotel is in such a great location. The check in was quick and we were given the room type we wanted in the Carnival Tower on the 27th floor. It was clean of a great size and the decoration looked modern. The bathroom was adequate not fantastic but for £35 per night as long as it had the essentials it was fine. Maids were good and did a great job and always spoke.The casino itself isn't massive but we were lucky on the slots check out Wizard of Oz and Lil Lucy both were good payers. The girls bringing the drinks were very attentive and it was never long before they were back around asking if we were ready for another drink although we did give a small tip each trip. We received complimentary tickets to the Mac King show (free apart from the $26.50 for the two drinks you have to purchase) but was a fantastic show and worth the price of the drinks. A piece of advice is to get there early as it does fill up.We ate at the cafe and had the special 'steak and shrimp' $10.99 was probably the nicest meal we had and much nicer than the meal we had at the Toby Keith Bar upstairs on the second floor don't bother unless you like your food covered in bar be que sauce and paying way over the mark for drinks. But it was just another experience and not unpleasant, something different to the usual buffets. Overall we had a great stay and I would have no hesitation in recommending the hotel to anyone.	
Nov 24 2008 	GREAT LOCATION- good idea	Another review for Vegas from me. I love this town and love to check out the hotels.I stay in a lot of hotels. If a hotel is fab I rave about it. if it isn't that great, I still try to find some positives and prefer not to slate the property.Harrah's is a good strip hotel in a great locationI stayed here as it was comped to me for my play in July of this year.I love the gaming facility here. It is one of the few casinos that has a $5 stud table.I stayed in the Mardi Gras tower in one of the newly done up rooms. Pleasant and comfortable with 2 plasmas (one in the bathroom - wish it was stuck on the opposite wall so I could watch more comfortably from the bath!). Big king bed with lovely linen ( huge fan of crisp white linen).My room was in the &quot;quieter&quot; section of the hotel but faced over the massive air conditioning system ( not noisy to me)- but also had a bit of a strip view ( not really but could see treasure island and the bell tower from the venetian and also the Mirage). I think this was better than being above the live music. And I was given the option at check in. Room service was good. With prompt and friendly service. Check in excellent with the room ready early. One always has to be prepared for the fact that in Vegas rooms may not be ready until late afternoon and that there are often long check in lines (these move fast). No check in line for me at about the 1.00pm mark at Harrahs on a Sunday.I would be staying here again if I could and would recommend this hotel to others. I think it is better than the Flamingo and miles better than the Imperial Palace. However, it still suits a modest budget for a strip hotel in a top location. If you can't afford one of the premium hotels, give this one a go. I don't think it would disappoint.	
Nov 23 2008	Viva Las Vegas	Pros: - clean rooms- great bands at carnival bar in courtyard- great location- everyone very friendly- gave our group adjoining rooms with no problemsCons:- in the 1 bathroom, the sink smelt of sewage and bathtub faucet leaked- in the other bathroom, the light flashed like strobe light and nobody came to fix it- buffet expensive and not that great, however there was a large variety of food. - no complementary coffee in the AM, had to buy from expensive StarbucksBesides the minor problems in the bathrooms, I would recommend this hotel to others.	
Nov 22 2008	Problems abound	Look, I love the attitude of the dealers at Harrahs. They're the nicest ones in a very mean town.My problems stem from the lack of things to do if you don't gamble. People keep saying the shows. But what if you don't want to go to 'shows'?There's nothing else to do at Harrah's or any casino. It's just slot machines and blackjack. There's nothing 'thrilling' about losing your hard-earned money. Nothing.And I agree with the 'smoker' comment - my throat was sore after just 15 minutes in the casino. After all is said and done, if I'm going to lose money I'd rather give it to the poor and unfortunate.	
Nov 21 2008 	great location on the strip	We went on a promo trip through a time share we own. We attended the 2 hour overview presentation with the strangest time share salesperson we have ever met - very low key and personal. After the tour of the Grand Desert property it came down to &quot;do you see yourselves doing this or not?&quot; and when we said no it was a very simple okay, let me show you to my manager and we'll get you on your way with your gifts - that amounted to $100 cash (supposedly gaming chips but they gave us cash) and 2 Rio buffets, valued at $51 when we redeemed them. We felt that we made out like bandits. Nothing wrong with time share, but can be an ordeal to talk to a salesperson - not this time! As far as Harrah's - I was very disappointed by how smoky and unpleasant the casino, especially in comparison to some of the other casinos. Even the older ones, like the Mirage, were easier to take. Obviously, people like to smoke when they gamble but not all facilities are set up to clear this out as well as others. However, we loved how convenient this hotel was to the rest of the strip - whether it was the other Harrah's owned properties like the Imperial Palace, Flamingo, Paris, Bally's or the Rio (shuttle runs between the properties) or the others like the Mirage, TI, Wynn, Venetian, Cesears Palace and the Planet Hollywood - a lot has changed since we were last in Vegas and we loved the central location. Plus, having the monorail at the back of the hotel (not too long a hike, like it is some other resorts) made it easy to get to Hooters &amp; MGM on the south end of the Strip and the Hilton and even up to the Sahara on the north end. Be sure to check out the Deuce for transportation up &amp; down the strip and to Fremont street/downtown - for $5 a 24-hour pass was an even better deal than the monorail with a further reach for explorers. Our room was very comfortable, even though it was only on the 5th floor of the Carnival tower - which meant NO view and some thumping and other sounds from the music on Sunday night late into the night, but not so noticeable Monday &amp; Tuesday night of our stay. We were surprised to find it so clean and pleasant after reading some of the other reviews - this was a room that the desk clerk informed us had not yet been renovated so we had low expectations. But all turned out well and we were quite happy, the room was quite spacious and met our needs. I strongly recommend this hotel to anyone considering a lower priced option right on the strip - you will find the time share folk everywhere up &amp; down the strip, just get comfortable with saying no, really, no - unless you want the freebies they are offering and are willing to play the game. Las Vegas is a crazy amazing destination!	
Nov 18 2008 	My first time in VEGAS...	was great. Harrah's was awesome. It is located across from Caesars palace, and I could see many other hotels from my balcony. I walked to some nearby hotels and attractions, and was able to get back to the hotel at noon each day by foot in time for lunch with my hubby (who was on business). I was delighted at the cleanliness of the establishment, and I was very pleased with the security measures implemented as far as going into the living quarters of the hotel. I would stay at Harrah's again, but I will experiment with some other establishments first as I plan to visit Las Vegas again in the future. I am not a gambler, and spent the first four days on my own while my husband worked, but was able to find plenty to do. Most things were cheap, I suppose that is so that patrons can use their money to gamble, and I shopped and ate till I nearly dropped...then I took my husbands hand and did it all over again with him. Stay at Harrah's for clean secure lodging that is close to both daytime and nighttime fun.	
Nov 18 2008 	Nice Stay	Got a great rate on the hotel so we thought we'd give it a try for our first trip to Las Vegas. Check in was smooth; lady at the desk explained nearly everything and answered all of our questions. Room was nice. We were in the older Carnival Tower, but the room was just fine on the 29th floor. Great view of the Rio Hotel and the red rocks/mountains of Nevada. Room was spacious, bathroom large, stocked daily, and clean. Beds soft (a bit soft for me, but still nice after a long day of walking), soft sheets and pillows too. Room came with a coffee maker (had heard some Vegas hotels don't offer this) so that was nice. Had room service deliver breakfast our first morning there; good food, not overly-priced, delivered rather quickly. Casino was smokey, but so is all of Vegas. Had to walk through it to get outside to the stip, so no way to avoid it. The TimeShare snipers were a bit annoying, but a simple &quot;no thank you&quot; with a smile made them go away. Gift shop carried just about anything you needed but items were WAY overpriced in my opinion. Checkout went smoothly and we caught the airport limo with no problems whatsoever.Overall, for the price and location (right in the middle of everything) would stay here again if we visit Vegas.	
Nov 17 2008 	Good Stay - with a few caveats	I stayed for 3 nights in early November. The overall stay was good. Check-in on Sunday afternoon was pretty quick. The staff was very polite. The room was fine, large although the armoire (which includes the TV) takes up significant space. I was in the Carnival Tower, and while the room was on the Strip side, it was only on the 5th floor so there wasn't a real view. A friend was in the Mardi Gras Tower on the 11th floor - he had a better view, but still not that great . As long as you don't expect much of a view there won't be a problem.I found the room comfortable - there isn't much to say. It was quiet - I didn't hear much activity from the adjoining rooms. Bathroom was large and the shower/water pressure and temperature were good; plenty of hot water in the morning when many people are showering. I had breakfast at the buffet one morning, and it was good.I had two problems here. First is that at night I could hear the rock band playing at the hotel bar that adjoins the strip. It wasn't loud, but could be heard - it might annoy sensitive people. It stopped about 12:30 to 1 am. This will only affect some rooms, and if you are on the other side of the Carnival tower or in the Mardi Gras I don't think you will hear it.Second was that the housekeeping did not replace the washcloths as they took them to be laundered. On the last day this left me with none, which I consider atrocious. When I called in the evening to get some (when I noticed) they didn't bring them up. But a second call the next morning was quickly taken care of. At checkout I was told that the laundry company that serves all the hotels didn't deliver to anyone. Even if that were true, the staff should know not to take the old ones if they have no fresh washcloths to leave. This was probably a one time issue and wouldn't stop me from returning. But it was an area that needs improvement. (I left a smaller gratuity, and a note, so the housekeeper will hopefully know better if it happens again.)Overall I consider Harrah's a very satisfactory hotel and would return. It has a good location on the Strip, and easy access to the monorail. It's not as fancy as some others, but is much more affordable.	
Nov 9 2008 	Decent Hotel in a Great Location	Just returned tonight from a four day/three night stay at Harrah's. First impressions were not overly positive....driving up to the check in/registraion area goes around some unsightly parts of the building and is not impressive. The lobby area is just OK.One of the first things you notice is the amount of cigarette smoke/smell that is in the casino. We couldn't get away from it even in the buffet (Flavors) area. We asked to change our seat to a more interior one away from the machines. Also the ceilings are rather low...maybe this makes the smell worse. My eyes burned after a few hours in the casino and I developed a cough the following day. Why can't Vegas follow Atlantic City and ban smoking??On the positive side....our room was clean and pleasant. The beds were comfortable and the linens nice. We stayed in the Mardi Gras tower. I liked that the walk onto the strip was not very long. Last year I stayed at Bally's and it took forever to get from our room onto the strip (needed moving walkways and escalators..it was exhausting to get to the street). The hotels' location is really good. It is centrally located. The Flavor's buffet is more than adequate. We liked the breakfast buffet especially. Of course it's not the Bellagio buffet which is top notch and a must... Whatever you do, do NOT go to the Flamingo buffet. It is horrible. Overall, we did enjoy our stay at Harrah's and would probably stay there again.	
Nov 6 2008 	Just returned from Harrah's	Just returned from a stay at Harrah's Oct. 31 thru Nov.3. We found the hotel to be very pleasant. It is not the Ritz, but has well appointed rooms that are spacious and clean. The beds are extremely comfortable with nice quality linens. Although we were on the go for most of our stay, everybody that we had contact with that was working in the hotel were extremely friendly and accomodating. They always asked if everything was OK and if we were enjoying our stay. We only ate at the hotel twice, but found both to be very good, also with good service. The location is what makes Harrah's attractive. It is ideally located so that you can easily access the strip and visit other hotels in the immediate vicinity. We would definitely return. It is a great value.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great Stay!	We booked Harrah's through Allegiant Air and stayed there for a week in August. We go to Las Vegas once a year, and we were so happy to have stayed there. The casino is close to many of the other hotels. And if you use the Monorail alot, then this is the place to stay. It was so easy for us to get around the casino. They have great restaurants also. I would definitely stay there again!	
Nov 1 2008	Wouldn't recommend this hotel or casino	The problem with Harrah's is the smokey casino. Almost everyone smokes. Everywhere. And to get to your room? You must go through the casino.It's unbelievable.Remember: 2 hours in a casino equals 6 months of second-hand smoke exposure. To risk your lungs to that smoke is a very bad health risk.Also, you have these illegal immigrants right outside Harrah's door trying to solicit everyone for call girls. They actually cut me with one of their cards - and they grinned sheepishly.If you must go to Las Vegas (and I can't think of any reason other than to gamble and 98% of all gamblers lose their money according to study after study), you should stay off the strip.Visit the Hoover dam if you must, but I would stay clear away from the casinos.	
Oct 30 2008 	Nice stay at Harrah's	My husband and I stayed at Harrah's 10/23-26/08 and had a lovely time. Check-in was easy - we were fortunate to come at a time when it wasn't so busy, because there were 6 people helping those checking out and only 2 helping those checking in (haven't people heard of the check-out service on the TV in their room???). We arrived around 9 AM and were given a room right away on the 5th floor of the Carnaval Tower. The check-in clerk did warn us about the mini-bar in the room. Apparently, they've had problems with people being charged just because they had set something on top of the mini-bar (the computer sensors were ultra-sensitive). Good thing she told us because it certainly looks like you should be able to put things on top of it. Other than that, the room was fine. It was a bit dark - there are only 2 lights in the room. Some people do like to read in the evening! The room had obviously been remodeled recently, because everything looks clean and new. We normally stay at Treasure Island but moved over to Harrah's because the price was so much better. I'd go back after this experience.	
Oct 28 2008 	Nice place	Just returned from Harrah's and this is my opinion of what it's like, take it for what it's worth. We checked in quickly and professionally, stay on the the 23rd floor of the carnival tower. Ordinary room, we where not offered an upgrade to the Mardi Gras tower, we would probably have taken it, but no matter. The room was average, somewhat dated and probably due to a remodel in the next few years to keep the hotel competitive. The only really thing I notice is the cabinet the TV sits in is rather obtrusive when the doors are open, if you get up in the middle of the night , be warned. The common areas where similar to the room, nothing that set them off either positive or negitive but dated and need of minor repairs. We ate at the 'The Cafe&quot; for breakfast one day, not really all that great, watery eggs, way too large of portions of mediocre food and a touch over priced for breakast fare. The casino is nice, but I think they all look the same, the wife is the gambler of the family, she didn't get rich but broke even for 4 days, I guess that would be winning. The best part of this hotel is the location, close to everything from the airport, monorail and other strip features.Overall, we enjoyed our stay, like I said nothing to really exceptional or negitive, your average strip hotel in this price range.One thing of note for new Vegas travelers, I have been going to Las Vegas for the past 15 years and I noticed this time in particular that the price of things is starting to climb more then usual, I bought a beer at one of the Luxor casino bars, $8, at Harrah's $6 was about the average and most meals seemed 30 to 50% higher then other vacation spots. Not being much of gambler this may be my last trip, other places in the country aren't quite this expensive, old vegas seems to be dying.That's all I know, I hope it helps.Skippy in Colorado	
Oct 20 2008 	Nice room but very noisy!	Checking in was good. They didn't have the room that we booked. They were going to give us 2 beds instead of 1 king. We asked if we could be upgraded and we got the premium room in the mardi gras tower for a charge of $25 per night. The room was very nice, it looked like it was recently remodeled. Our room looked onto the pool. They warned us that there would be some noise from the carnival court but it wasn't that bad. The only thing that was not good was the walls are very thin and we could hear people talking in the next room and the toilets flushing. In Vegas that is all the time it doesn't matter what time it is.	
Oct 16 2008 	Fantastic as usual!!	My husband and I stayed at Harrahs 10/7-10/14. We had booked a limo again for pick up as we did last year. Our driver was right there at baggage claim. The cost of $48.00 was worth it to us, as we were helped with our luggage, and were treated like royality as per usual Harrahs! Check in was easy. They did not have a room ready with a king bed, but did have 2 queens available. It was only 10:30 am, but we opted to take it as we had been travelling for many hours. We had room 2345, in the Carnaval Tower. There was a nice view of the Mirage, as well as part of Caesers Palace, part of Venetian, and Treasure Island. The air conditioning is sensor controlled, but can be easily bypassed if you just look at it and set it right. Everyone was friendly as usual. Housekeeping was exceptional. I do suggest that anytime anyone has a problem, just contact them. We always leave $5.00 per day tip. We had room service many times, and although we were told it would be 45 minutes, it usually came within 20. Video Poker was wonderful to both myself and my husband. We won several thousand dollars playing 25cents at max credits. Cocktail service was wonderful as usual. The beds are glorious! Perfect mattresses, and plenty of pillows. We also charged back to our room visits to Toby Keiths, PepperRose, and Margaritaville. We had $5.00 off of flavors buffet, and gladly spent the full price the second time around for breakfast. Hubby tipped prior to seating, and was tended to constantly. There isn't a bad thing to say here. No noise from other rooms, or the hallway. When departing, our limo driver was waiting for us (we were 5 minutes early). Again, very cordial. I wish everyone a wonderful stay as we had at Harrahs!!!	
Oct 15 2008 	Best Place To Eat	Go to the Oyster Bar At Pennazzi, It's the best secret on the stripGreat Seafood . Ask for Rumundo He will cook a very special meal for you . I can't say enough about this place.	
Oct 13 2008 	Gambler Beware!	My wife and I stayed Oct 9th through the 12th. We intially requested a deluxe room in the Mardi Gras tower but switched to carnival tower because of a power outage scheduled during the night (2-5). We upgraded to Junior suite and I highly recommend it. Largest hotel room we have ever stayed in, and it does make for a more relaxing stay. Overall stay at Harrahs is perfect because of the location. I agree with the others that drink service is abundance and the hotel is nice. Now the bad news. The old Vegas is GONE. I spent 3 full days gambling (Blackjack, slots) at several casinos and all I can tell you is check your luck at the door because these casinos have changed and made it much, much harder for you to have an edge over them. Three years ago I came and consistenly fared well at Binions, Harrahs, Flamingo, MGM, Ballys. Most all of these casinos now deal 6 decks. You can get a 1 or 2 deck but with payout and rule changes. Blackjack now only pays 6/5 on the low decks(1-2) and you CANNOT double down after splitting( some casinos have exceptions-for now). At first, I thought I was just having bad luck but as the days followed and I watched other people, I noticed noone I saw winning at either slots or tables( and I looked at alot of tables). I was actually impressed by this- alot of people losing so consistenly...everywhere, not just Harrahs. Friday night, I deceided to go outside of Harrahs properties( pretty much all of the surrounding properties) and see if this is a growing trend and unfortunatley it was. So dont bring much to lose and try to do more touring than gambling.	
Oct 7 2008 	Hotel was okay location was great	The location was great but the hotel itself was so-so.  The room cleaning was not up to par with other hotels. A dirty wine glass was left in our room for two days, so I put it in the hallway where it stayed for another two days. They replaced a dirty water glass with a clean one, but didn't take the dirty one.  The view from our room left alot to be desired. If looking at air conditioning units is your thing, stay here. The air conditioning is motion sensored by the door, which was horrible in 110 degree heat. When we walked into our room, it was 79 degrees. Not a cool temperature for when you have been walking outside. The cafe in the hotel was overpriced, understaffed, and, the food was bland. The buffet was good with a variety of different foods. The casino slots were very tight, but the beverage service was frequent and abundant! The pool area was great because it had little water sprayers to cool you off in the hot Vegas sun. Would I stay here again? I would for the location on the strip but not for the service.	
Oct 6 2008 	good stay at Harrahs	Stayed at Harrahs 9/28-10/2, 2008. Staff was very nice, room was good, bed was comfortable. My only criticism of the room would be to add an exhaust fan and maybe some brighter lighting to the bathroom, and maybe put coffeemakers in the rooms. Other than that it was a really good stay.Mac King show at the Harrahs Showroom was funny, a really good show. Monorail station at Harrahs was very convenient. The Cafe was good and the buffett also (got discount buffett tickets at Tix4tonight---also good place to get discount show tickets). Overall a positive experience and would recommend Harrahs to anyone.	
Oct 6 2008	Enjoyed My Stay at Harrah's	My brother and I stayed at Harrah's for a week in September 2008. We have visited Vegas many times and have stayed at a variety of hotels, from Sahara to Bellagio. We chose Harrah's for the location and price. We were very pleased with the hotel.We arrived early afternoon and the line for check in was minimal. The desk clerk was friendly and efficient. I asked about the renovated rooms but they were $25 per night additional. We declined that and I'm glad we did; our unrenovated rooms in the Carnaval tower were fine. Maybe a few scuffs here and there, but everything worked and the rooms were clean and spacious with fairly large bathrooms. Many TA reviewers complain when the room has no coffee maker. Our rooms had them, along with hair dryers, irons, minibars, and wall safes. Housekeeping did a great job the entire time we were there. The beds and pillows were comfortable. Our rooms faced toward the Carnaval Court. We could hear some noise at night, but it was no worse than hearing a television in another room. I wasn't bothered by it, although someone sensitive to noises might be. We drove in from the airport and avoided the Strip by taking Koval. Signs directed us to Harrah's; we had no problems finding it. The monorail stops here. We didn't use it this trip, but we have in the past and it's a nice way to get around. The location is great because the hotel is surrounded by other popular hotels and is pretty much central on the Strip. When Harrah's slots weren't paying out for me, it was easy enough to go next door to Casino Royale where I did much better.We ate breakfast at the Flavors buffet almost every morning. We liked it. I also went to Starbucks every morning. We had nice dinners at 46 Steakhouse at the nearby Flamingo, and Onda at the Mirage. We saw Jersey Boys, Barbra &amp; Frank - The Concert that Never Was, and comedian George Wallace, enjoyed them all.Some tips: I found that if I got to the casino level Starbucks too late and the line was horrible, the line was often shorter at the Starbucks on the second floor. Also, if you use the pool and it seems too crowded, there is another sun deck one level up. It was never crowded. Don't forget your Total Rewards cards! And check out Tix4Tonight for your show tickets. We bought all our show tickets there and probably saved about $100 each.Overall, I would recommend Harrah's and I would gladly stay here again.	
Oct 4 2008 	Nice Hotel with great location	I just returned from staying three days at this hotel. Check in was effortless and the hotel staff service was pleasant each time I had to deal with them. Our room was very clean with two very comfortable queen size beds with nice crip linens. The rooms are also very spacious and include a table with two chairs as well as a fully stocked mini bar. The bathroom was also very large and comfortable. We ordered room service twice and both times the service and the food were great. We dined at Flavors, the buffett restaurant in the hotel, and were pleasantly surprised. You get a lot for your money and other than the Mexican dishes that appeared extremely dry and unappealing, it was a great experience. The best feature of this hotel and casino in my opinion is the location. They are situated right on the strip, steps away from the best hotels, including the Venetian, Ceasars and the Bellagio. I recomend staying here as you get a lot for your money.	
Sep 26 2008 	SoSo	The location is great. Our bed was comfortable and room clean. Our biggest complaint was that our room was very noisy. We could hear the people talking in the room next to us like they were in our room. (They weren't even talking loud ) and we could hear them use their bathroom. It kind of reminded us of a Super 8. We certainly hope to find something quieter next stay.	
Sep 23 2008 	Great staff location and affordable	Have been to LV many times and stayed many places. I will stay at Harrah's next time. The staff in every area are exceptionally nice and friendly. The food in the cafe is very good, reasonable and the portions are plentiful. My sister and I are senior citizens and felt very safe at all times in all areas.	
Sep 23 2008 	Enjoyed our stay	We took our family to Las Vegas for my son's 21st birthday on Sept. 12th for 4 nights. Got to the hotel about 10:00 pm on a Friday night and walked right up to the counter. We always stay at Harrah's in the Mardi Gras tower facing the pool. However, this time they told us those rooms would be $25 more per night. That was the first time this happened. The only king room available was a handicapped room in the carnival tower, so we took it. It had a good view of the mirage volcano (it was under repair, so it wasn't working). Rooms were clean and comfortable beds. All the others in our party opted for 2 queens (they wanted kings) as these rooms were ready. I just don't understand how rooms aren't ready at 10:00 at night, when they know you're coming. Anyway, spent most of our days at the pool. Some people don't like the pool here, but all you need to do is get wet. We had a great time! Great bartenders at the pool bar! Went to the Carnival Court the first night and had a ball. Also went to Margaritaville, and also had a great time. Gambling was pretty good to us. Came across some wonderful dealers. They were very pleasant. Didn't come home broke! Our whole party ate at Toby Keith's. Dinner was good, but slow. Had breakfast at the buffett, which was also good. My son, who is a mountain biker, went on a 4 hour biking trip to red rock canyon. He said it was harder then he thought it would be, when riding up hill. Also, the weather was fantastic! Not a cloud in the sky and in the upper 90's. Can't wait to go back, probably in the spring.	
Sep 21 2008 	Very Dissapointing	We booked a room here for one night following a wedding reception. For $300 a night we expected something quite nice. What we got was a run-of-the-mill hotel room in need of maintenance. Our &quot;view&quot; (room 407) was a walled-in rooftop.Tub had a big chunk of porcelain missing; sink counter had crack in it; sink had no drain stopper; in-room safe did not work; picture above toilet mounted crooked.None of this would have meant much if we were in a $60 hotel on the outskirts of Las Vegas, but for $300 we feel pretty much ripped off. Oh, and that does NOT include internet access -- add $12/day for that.	
Sep 16 2008 	Harrahs Carnival Tower	Another wonderful stay at Harrahs Las Vegas. This time in the Carnaval tower in room 1827. Very nice clean room. King bed was n/a so I was given a room with 2 queen beds. Table with two chairs was helpful. Closet , tv, and snack minibar are build in to the wall which left more floor space. Regular tv set had lots of cable channels available. Wall safe was handy. Bathroom has a very nice tub shower design ,full amenities, and full stock of towels.And coffee maker too - the hotel needs to wash the out carafe to remove built up residue on the top cap cover instead of just rinsing it out . Shower head had over 5 settings from heavy massage spray to gentle rain flow. Climate control was easy to use and kept the room at a comfortable level. Blackout drapes helped keep the hotels exterior flood lights out of the room. The window opened partially of course and the half view I had showed the dormant Mirage volcano (being ungraded), the TI (Treasure Island) at a distance, and to the right the Venetian.Over all room stay was great. Slot play at the casino was a different story. No wins this time on the Strip. But I did come out ahead at the Orleans ($1800 and $433) and at Fitzgeralds downtown ($900) Happy Gaming !!!!	
Sep 16 2008 	Central to the Strip--Comfortable and Clean	We stayed for 5 nights September 8-12, 2008. We drove in and parking was fairly plentiful in Harrah's garage which was nice. Check-in was fast and easy. We were told when we reserved the room several months in advance that the luxury room we reserved would have a coffee maker but ours didn't, was kind of disappointed with that. It also promised a strip view...but we did not really have a strip view...well kind of a peekaboo view I guess but not at all what they indicated over the phone. There is a Starbucks located within Harrah's which is nice. Beds were pretty comfortable, room clean. Location of Harrah's is centrally located on the strip and close to many other casinos, and that is a definite plus. Never ever have luck gambling at Harrah's so we do tend to gamble our majority of time elsewhere but still gamble at Harrah's to earn some comps. The comp system at Harrah's is not good as other player clubs. Of all the hotels I've stayed at on the strip over the years, Harrah's is not my favorite in terms of nicest room I've stayed in. However, it is my favorite hotel for it's location on the strip!! I would probably stay here again.	
Sep 14 2008 	Disappointing room	The room we booked was described as a &quot;recently refurbished room, with a Harrahs bed and plasma tv&quot;. On checking in we were told that the room we had reserved was not available. When we told the person on the desk that we had paid for that specific type of room we were told that they didn't guarantee rooms! The only room that was available was a smoking room which as both of us are non-smokers was not ideal. The only option was to wait a couple of hours for another room to become available. Having travelled all the way from the UK we took the smoking room. The room was awful. The smell of smoke hit us as soon as we walked in the room and the smell was so intense. The decor and curtains had even turned yellow! We had an awful nights sleep as even the pillows smelled of smoke. The shower also was broken and hanging off the stand it was on. After complaining the next morning we were offered a non-smoking room but still not the one we had originally booked. We still had no apology from anyone and had to wait until 6pm to change rooms and move our suitcases ourselves!! The room was a slight improvement, however it was very noisy and we felt like the people in the next room were actually in our room! On checking out we mentioned the room situation again and were told that the room we originally booked had been taken out for a convention. We were then offered a free breakfast but this was completely pointless as we had to make our way to the airport!Apart from this the hotel is in a good location on the strip. I wouldn't stay here again though!	
Sep 13 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location!	I stayed at Harrah's in Las Vegas from September 4th through September 8th with my husband. The property is great!Location:The location of this property is central to everything you need! Front Desk:The front desk help went very smoothly. The first day that we checked in, our room that we wanted was unavailable (King/Non Smoking), so we got upgraded to a suite for the first night! It was nice to have that luxury for our first stay in Vegas! The beds at Harrah's are extremely extremely comfortable. The rooms were very clean, and we really have no complaints. The vanity in the bathroom could be a little bigger, but other than than that, things were great!Gambling and Drinking:Gambling really sucks you in at this place! What do you expect? It's a casino! As long as you gamble, you get free drinks. Tip your waiters and bartenders!Piano Bar:The piano bar inside the hotel was great and very entertaining. There is no cover to get in, and you can charge your drinks right to the room.Buffet:The buffet was ok, nothing really special. I think it was $22 for adults. If you want a really really good buffet, go to the Wynn, it's about $10 more than Harrah's, but it is well well worth it.All in all, a great hotel and great stay! There is a McDonalds and Denny's very closeby for late night snacks...or afternoon snacks!Wear good walking shoes!!!!!!! The first day I wore flip flops and my feet were hurting for two days!	
Sep 12 2008 	Harrah's Wonderful Location	Location: Harrah’s is located mid strip beside “Casino Royal” and “Imperial Palace”. This is a great location for those who want to be in the heart of the action. Just a quick walk to the “Forum Shops at Caesars Palace” and a hop skip and a jump to the liquor store across from “Carnival Court”. Another HUGE plus is it is on the Mono Rail route, which is a blessing in 42 degree weather.Room Type: Upon check in we were offered an upgrade for a small charge of $25 per night. I was a little hesitant and inquired if this was available to all our guests. We were assured that yes, subject to availability guests would be offered an upgrade. The room assigned to us was in the Carnival tower, we were give notice by the Front Desk agent that it was a little noisy, but had a little balcony, flat screen TV (including one in the bathroom), and a pillow top mattress. I agreed, thinking that the air conditioner would drown out any noise that we encountered (and with the stipulation that I be able to see the deluxe room that we sell). And really it couldn’t be that bad? Well, it was. While the room was nicely appointed, it was also filled with heavy thumping music. Which would be okay if I hadn’t been up since 5 am…and it would have been okay if I had been planning on staying up until 2am…but I was in no mood to party. So we trekked back to the front desk and requested to be “downgraded”.Our new room, (which is the room we sell) was pretty much the same, although there was no flat screen TV in the bathroom and no balcony. The standard deluxe was actually larger. Just a note on the cleanliness of this room, we accidentally spilled something on the floor and used an extra face cloth to clean it up. The face cloth was rather grey…meaning the floor was pretty dirty. So it may be a nice idea to keep your shoes on in the hotel room. Aside from that it was clean. The bedding was a clean white duvet.The air conditioning in these rooms is motion censored, meaning if you’re not moving the ac is not either. This is particularly disheartening after a day of walking in the sweltering desert heat to come back to a room that is not overly cool, but kudos on the environmental concern.I did wake up in the middle of the night from some less than sober guests in the hallway. However, hey it’s Vegas, what do you expect? Pool: Well it may not have had a funky shape, but it was lacking funky floaty things in the water so it was A-Okay with me! While the pool area was a little dated, it did have more of an adult feel. There were a few children, but they were well behaved. The pool bar, was also very reasonable, it had $4 draught and pitchers of margarita for around $20. There was also shade! For those who wanted to be around the pool, but didn’t want to bake. Family: Aside from the pool, not a lot of activities at the hotel that the kids could participate in. I wouldn’t recommend this hotel to families with young children.Romance: The room lights did not have a dimmer like TI, so the lights were either FULL ON or SUPER DARK. I suppose you could have a romantic yet casual dinner at Ming’s Table….But I wouldn’t rate Harrah’s as high on the romance factor.Shopping: There was a convenience store located on site, that sold the standard cheese in a can and crackers, among other amenities such as toothpaste, beer and twinkies (I just find spray cheese somewhat amusing).Aside from the convenience store, there was also a souvenir shop, and what appeared to be a “globe” shop. For more variety the “Forum Shops at Caesar’s Palace” is across the street.Spa: Harrah’s does have a full service spa. Spa treatments are less during the week as opposed to the weekends (peak time)Dining: Harrah’s has 8 restaurants ranging from the bustling bar “Toby Keith’s I love this bar and Grill” casual “café at Harrah’s”, to “the Range Steakhouse” and the staple of any Las Vegas hotel the buffet.We were on a pretty tight budget this weekend due to the fact that this was a pretty last minute decision. So we did indulge in a little McD’s and pizza by the slice, which is also conveniently located next to Harrah’s. Activities at the Hotel: Harrah’s is hosting “Rita Rudner”, “The Improv” and the “Mac King Comedy Show”. In addition to these shows Harrah’s also offers a nicely appointed casino, and a Piano bar that hosts a Karaoke Party every night.In conclusion, I enjoyed Harrah’s. The biggest feature for me was the location. I love being able to step out of the casino into the excitement of the Las Vegas strip. Had we not stayed here we may not have utilized the monorail (which we will certainly use again!) I was very nervous to stay at this property as it was rated a 3 star, I found the accommodation very basic, but I also found myself saying “I’m okay with this”.Would I recommend Harrah’s to my best friend? For a first time visitor, absolutely. You cannot beat the location and value.	
Sep 9 2008 	a safe bet	we stayed here for one night, a saturday, in july. we picked harrah's because of it's great location on the strip. it's right in the center of the strip right next to some of the best hotels. the check in was easy...the guy at the counter that helped us was very friendly and was able to check us in early...the room itself was great. it was roomy with a clean bathroom. the casinos never looked too crowded...we spent a good portion of our day at the pool. the pool is way too small! we had to really search for a couple chairs and then wait for a corner to clear up in the water. there was always a server running around getting drinks, so you dont even have to get out of the pool! yay! we also ate at their buffet...it was just ok. nothing special. their mimosas are blah at best. if you are looking for a somewhat cheap room in a perfect location, stay here.	
Sep 8 2008	Harrah's Not too bad..	I was comped a 6 night stay at harrahs las vegas, I figured Free so why not give it a shot. If you are looking for good comps, do not gamble here! The comps were horrible $50 dollar a hand blackjack got me virtually no comps at all. I went next door to Imperial and bet the same amount and had about 20 comp dollars within two hours of play. The drink service was either really good, or really bad. There was no in between, you either had one after another, or you had to wait a half hour. All blackjack pays 6 to 5 instead of 3 to 2. (yes that counts 6 deck shoe games) Its horrible that harrahs has gone to this, they make enough money already on gambling but now they are ripping you off on payouts too, sad. They had no $5 dollar crap games even during the week i.e Monday at 1pm. The buffet was average at best, all the standard food, but nothing too special. The crab legs are already cut in half so the meat is really dry and unedible unless drenched in artery clogging butter. For 20 bucks you can find something better. On to the room. Booked luxury room with a strip view, instead got a mini suite overlooking the pool. The room was very loud from the music at carnival court, earplugs did the trick and it wasnt an issue. We werent getting back to the room until 3 sometimes 4 am so there wasnt too much of a hassle with loud music. Tv in bathrom was great, mini bar, expensive as hell, but worth it when you need that 3 dollar bottle of water to wash away a long night of drinking. The room was clean, the only complaint was we didnt get our room cleaned after the 2nd night. We called housekeeping and they said I had called and turned off the room cleaning, which was not true. We called down 3 times and finally we got so frustrated we threw the old towels and garbage into the hallway (after housekeeping told us to) they came and quickly picked it up and restocked us. Overall it was a great free stay...next time I think I will try a different Harrahs property as they are all normally comped or realy cheap. I would stay here again for free!	
Sep 7 2008 	brilliant holiday	We had a wonderful stay at harrah's. we stayed for a week.We went to see the Improv comedy show which was really good and we also saw the Mac King comedy magic show which was really funny.The staff at the hotel were really helpful and polite. We tried the flavours breakfast buffet, they had everything you could think of.Harrah's is in a great location right in the middle of the strip and the monorail is at the hotel which is really handy to get around the strip.Our room was lovely, clean and a brilliant view of the strip.from Alun and Sarah. Wales UK	
Sep 5 2008 	Location Great/ ac in room not good	I love the location but was very unhappy with room and service. We got to checkin and the clerk gave me a standard room. I told her i paid for a premium and that is what i wanted. She informed me they did not have premium rooms available because of renovations. I told her that i wanted a refund. Then she comes back and said she located one. What a suprise. It appears to me that Harrah's does this quite often unless they are called on it. Secondly the ac never cooled the room. When you leave your room the ac cuts off because it is set up on a motion sensor. So be prepared to come back to a very hot room everytime you leave. I will not stay at Harrah's again. When im in Vegas i want to come back to a cold room to nap after being out in the hot sun. I travel alot and i usually take things in tride. I don't feel like tis asking to much to have deceit air. As the other post said watch out for timeshare's all over this property.	
Sep 1 2008 	Thoroughly enjoyed Harrah's.	I was invited to share a room with a friend who had a comped room for a week so I can't comment on the price. We had a room on the 18th floor. Found the furnishings to be updated and nice. It was very clean and comfortable. We walked to several differents casino's as Harrah's is in such a wonderful central location. But spent most of our time there as the temps were excessive at 108 degrees.There are multiple restaurants (9) and we tried:Café at Harrah'sFlavors, The BuffetMing's TableStarbucks CoffeeHad a good experience at all four.Harrah's has a great variety of different games and levels. Lots of penny games as well as quarters,dollars and table games. I'd stay here again anytime!	
Aug 28 2008 	Harrah's is fine--just avoid the timeshare spiel	Usually stay at Harrah's when in Vegas because of the price. It is nice, although I know some of the hotels on the strip are a lot fancier. Our room was clean and everything else was fine. However, whatever you do avoid the Wyndham Hotel spiel if anyone offers it to you at the front desk. RUN! We were offered free tickets to &quot;Legends in Concert&quot; and a free buffet at the Imperial and decided to do it spur of the moment. Boy, were we sorry. They told us it would last two hours and it ended up being 4 hours. Even dragged us over to the Wyndham Resort. We felt trapped. They try to sell you a time share and tell you it is no pressure, all the while twisting your arm. My husband finally lied and said he had a conference call from China. I even believed him, as sometimes he does. He said it's the only way he could think to get away, ha ha. The buffet at the Imperial was not that good, although we did have a good time at Legends. We worked hard for those tickets! Never again. Other than that, the hotel is fine. Just avoid Wyndham if you are offered anything. YUK!	
Aug 28 2008 	Everything I thought it would be and more!!!	I stayed at Harrah's from August 17 to the 22nd. We booked our room right off of the Harrah's website for 49.00/per night. My girlfirend and I went with another couple, and the desk clerk made sure we were right across the hall from the other couple.The room was great, except the bathroom door didnt close completely close all the way.Toby Keiths has some great food. My gf loved the &quot;freedom fries&quot;. Lunch is a good time to go there if you dont like country music. Later at night, they blast the country music.The gambling at Harrah's and at other hotels on the strip can be expensive. There is no blackjack for less than 10.00 per hand. So if you are unlucky, it's easy to lose cash fast. You can play cheaper table games on Fremont street.Right next to Harrah's is Casino Royale. CR has 1.00 beer and margaritas. Skip the beer, cuz it tastes horrible. My gf won money on the big wheel of fortune game.Take the Monorail to the other hotels. Do not take the Deuce!!! The Deuce is always packed cuz it's so cheap. The monorail costs more but u get to the other hotels sooo much faster. So take the monorail and you'll see so much more. The airconditioning is on sensors. We didnt have a problem, except one night i woke up sweating &lt;probably cuz i hadnt moved for a couple hours&gt;.Overall, I had a great time. I would for sure stay at Harrah's again.	
Aug 27 2008	Great Stay	We have just returned from a 5 night 6 day stay at Harrah's in Las Vegas. We chose this hotel for price and location and were very happy with our choice. The hotel is centrally located on the strip - a walk either direction takes you to the more fancier hotels, but Harrah's was the most fun!! The Kareoke bar and duelling pianos were always entertaining. We gambled a little at each hotel and did not win a whole lot anywhere but did not loose our shirt either. We were in the Carnaval Tower, 5th floor, no view, but a very nice room, king bed and everything you needed for a comfortable stay. The pool was average, but was so hot that we didnt spend too much time down there except for an early morning swim. We would definately stay at Harrah's again, and would most definately recommend it to friends and family for future trips.	
Aug 26 2008 	Always had a good experience	We have being staying at the Harrah's properties for the past 10 years, mostly at Harrahs. We have never had a bad experience at this hotel and usually have our rooms comped. The friendliness of the staff out weighs the slightly older feel of the hotel. The comps don't seem to be as good as they used to, rarely offered a free weekend night. The Venetian just sent us an offer for 3 free nights and most weekends are included. We will be going in Sept, and thinking this is going to be so much nicer than the other hotels , I will write a review when we return.	
Aug 24 2008 	Not a Bad Stay	I stayed at Harrah's from August 19th to August 21st for the first two nights of my vacation. I had a comp offer to stay either here, Imperial Palace, or Rio but decided to stay here since the other two were already booked with the offer.RoomThe room was in the Mardi Gras tower, which is closer to the Strip and a quick walk away. It also overlooked the Mirage volcano pit (too bad it was under construction). I had an issue with the air conditioning because it would turn off if no motion was detected. This was especially annoying when trying to get a good night sleep and hearing a loud fan going on and off every 20 minutes. The sign in the room said that Harrah's was trying to be &quot;green&quot;, but it is not efficient to keep turning the AC on and off. I can understand while you are out of the room in the daytime but not while trying to sleep.AmenitiesThe pool is rather small and it was challenging to get a seat. It seemed like they had too many VIP seats that required an extra charge. The free shuttle to the Rio is a major plus. Good times were had at the Carnaval Court. The Total Rewards card is one of the best in the business and is valid at many casinos across the country. Very helpful staff. OverallThe location is great and I would consider staying again if I had a comp. Stay here if you are looking for a reasonably priced room that is close to everything. They should do something about the AC in the room, though.	
Aug 24 2008 	Great Stay	Stayed at Harrah's 8/15 to 8/18. First time there and I anjoyed my visit. Other reviews have noted the outstanding customer service at this hotel and I agree. Everyone I encountered during my stay were pleasant and helpful. Room ok and clean. Room service so-so. Flavors buffet above average.I would recommend this hotel for those looking for an affordable, centrally located hotel. Casino was fun.	
Aug 23 2008 	C+	I stayed at Harrah's in June 2008 for five nights. The hispanic hotel desk clerk was excellent. She gave me a choice of rooms. A room with a view and possible noise from a live band or a room in the back with no view but quiet. I choose the room with no view.It was very nice and updated. BUT...It was HOT. Whenever I left the room the A/C automatically shut OFF. It was 107 degrees one day. I came back to the room and the temp. was 80 degrees. It took until 6 am for the room to cool off before the temp reached 70 degrees. Sleep was next to impossible.I spent about 1000$ at the slots in Harrahs. I didnt even get play money. The drink service was excellent though.The buffet was ok. But nothing special. The sandwich shop near the poker room is pretty good and filling.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great Stay At Harrah's	We stayed at Harrah's from 8/17/08 through 8/21/08. After reading some of the reviews we were skeptical but after arriving we wondered what the bad reviews were for. We've been to vegas for the last 4 years this was our first stay at Harrah's and also the first year we arrived and didn't have to wait for our room to be ready. Check in was at 4 and we arrived about 30 minutes early but still the room was ready. We stayed in the Mardi Gras tower in a newly rennovated room. The room was kind of small but still very nice and clean. Everyone working at this hotel that we came in contact with was extremely helpful and friendly. Housekeeping was excellent. Will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 21 2008 	Needs a rebirth	Even though I was comped my rooms for 4 days at Harrahs I was really dissatisfied with the condition of the hotel. It is really run down. To say that the casino is smokey would by a gross understatement! I was a smoker and can tolerate some...but this place reeked of stale smoke....you couldn't stay there for more than 5 minutes without smelling like an old bar.We checked in late on a Saturday nite...despite a guarantee of a luxury room....(which according to their website has a view of the strip)...we were assigned a handicapped room that was seriously in need of a makeover. The bathroom featured a hand held shower head with a drain in the middle of the bathroom floor...not very sanitary at best. I stayed with it due to the hour and went down the next morning for a new room. We were assigned a luxury room on a renovated floor...which was somewhat better but no view of the strip....whatever........The hotel has a great location.....but the atmosphere was choking...the food was just so so...it was run down.....stayed at the Flamingo the year before on the same kind of deal and had a GO Room which was great!The pool area was a joke.......It was a small pool with little or no atmosphere....compared to other hotel pools this was a 1 on a scale of 1-100. I would say if you are paying for a room at Harrahs...look elsewhere....if you are being comped by Harrahs properties.....look elsewhere....the place really needs a rest.	
Aug 20 2008 	Nice Rooms...Crappy Comps!	Harrahs has nice big rooms, including a pretty good size bathroom. Very easily fits 4 people comfortable. Played there allweek with severalfriends using the same card, and only received like $11.00 for room comps...no buffets, shirt, nada! The Hotel staff was friendly, and the waitresses always were there with the drinks while we played. The Spa was nice and clean also. They give you a pretty good deal on the rooms after you gamble, but don't expect much of a discount while you're there gambling at the endof your stay.	
Aug 16 2008	Clean rooms	My family visited from the east coast and we booked 2 rooms at Harrah's on-line about 3 months in advance. The prices were great and the rooms were way above average. They looked as though they'd been recently remodeled w/ updated bedding, etc. I have 3 complaints: 1) the loooong walk from elevator to our rooms (minor, I know) 2) the nasty breakfast at the cafe (instant, runny eggs.....disgusting &amp; pricey!) 3) Rooms weren't ready when we got there and they weren't promised until between 4pm &amp; 6pm. We had to check our bags with bellhop so couldn't use the pool or change our clothes....had 7pm show to attend too. Room was ready at 5:45pm....what a rush to get freshened up to get to show on time!!! All-in-all, stay was good and will stay there again.	
Aug 14 2008 	Great strip location	Harrah's is a good hotel for the money with a terrific location center strip. The Carnival Court outdoor lounge is really fun and part of the reason we chose this hotel. We checked in to discover water leaking from the roof of our bathroom. When maintenance was slow to respond, we returned to the lobby with our bags and requested another room. We were cheerfully accomodated, but were not compensated in any way for the hassle. WARNING: Anticipate plumbing issues. While our replacement room had no leaks (at first), the toilet later began shooting water (with some force) from the water tank whenever flushed, soaking the shower curtain and floor. The problem was fixed, but two such issues in as many days and rooms was a bit much. Nice showers, but they don't drain well. You'll be standing in 5&quot; of water by the time you're done.The Improv Comedy show is great and inexpensive as Vegas shows go. I'd highly recommend it.The pool area is clean, but it's just a pool. If you're looking for someplace with an upscale or unique swimming area, this isn't it.We never ate in any of the restaurants, but found the Starbucks in the lobby extremely slow. It's very difficult to get a cup of coffee in Vegas in the morning!	
Aug 11 2008 	Again a good stay at Harrah's	We spent a week at Harrah's (July 29 to August 5, 2008). The room was clean and large, the room cleaning service was timely but unobtrusive. The Hotel facilities are generally good - with the exception of the Cafe with slow service and tired decor. Location of the Hotel is excellent - on the most vibrant part of the strip - I only wish there was a drugstore close ! Overall we were satisfied with our stay at Harrah's and plan to go back if we get a good deal.	
Aug 11 2008 	Ok Hotel	Stayed at Harrah's for 4 nights Aug. 3-7. Beds very comfortable just wish the rooms were more sound proof. Very thin walls could hear noises all the time. Rooms clean and nice and water pressure in shower excellent. As for the casino, it's nice but machines very tight. In fact I thought all of Las Vegas was tight and very expensive! I will not be traveling to Vegas for a very long time. Food and drinks outrageously priced and as for the free drinks while gambling the coctail waitresses are far and few between these days unless you are a high roller which I am not. We were in Vegas 3 years ago and cannot believe how expensive it has gotten. All in all Harrahs is ok for the right price. Would I stay there again, yes if I could get a free trip because I do not want to pay for another trip to Vegas and than pay the high prices of food and drinks. Good luck to all who go, you will need it!	
Aug 8 2008 	Another Great Stay At Harrah's	My husband and I stayed at Harrah's on July 21-25, with the rooms being comped due to our slots play back in Atlantic City. We stayed here last year and returned because we like the location of the hotel and casino. Again, we had a great time here at Harrah' s in Vegas. We stayed in the Mardi Gras tower on the older side facing the strip. The room is small, but who cares - we went sight seeing and gambling most of the time. In the room, I did like the motion sensor for the air conditioning because it cools down the room quickly enough for us and it saves energy this way. We went to the pool one day, but the pool is small, not fancy, and it is so, so hot in July. We went to the show &quot;Phantom of the Opera&quot; at Venetian and it was excellent! The Buffet at the Venetian is also excellent, although a little expensive for us. We splurged and were very satisfied with the food and the selection.The staff at Harrah's was very nice. If we go back next year, we will probably stay here again. Another satisfied customer.	
Aug 7 2008 	Loved Harrah's - will be back!!	My husband and I had a &quot;quickie&quot; 2 day mini vacation in Las Vegas July 28 thru 30th, booked it since Jan. 08 with Allegiant Air. Due to the bad economy we decided that 2 days was better than no days. Harrah's was the best priced package. After booking I started researching customer reviews, some good some very bad. Since we couldn't change our plans we said might as well see for ourselves. When we arrived the check in took all but 5 minutes, Carol was extremely nice and her customer service skills were outstanding. She upgraded us to a Junior Suite on the Carnival Tower. Room 802 was clean, big and cozy, the bed was exceptionally comfortable I wanted to take the mattress and pillows back to Texas, LOL. Don't expect a &quot;view&quot; from the room unless you like parking garages but who goes to Vegas for the &quot;views&quot;. The Piano Bar is awesome.The slots were tight and we lost most of our money by the end of the stay but we had lots of fun. Wish we could of stayed longer. Drinks do not take long, staff if friendly. Check out took about 3 minutes. All I have to say about the negative reviews is that Harrah's is NOT the Wynn or Bellagio don't expect luxury but do expect a nice, safe and comfortable stay. We look forward to going back next Summer.	
Aug 7 2008 	Great if you want to feel insignificant	I booked this hotel because the price was right, and so was the location (or so I thought), but this area of the Strip seems to have changed a lot over the last few years. It seems like EVERYTHING is catered to the high roller now, even in a mid-range casino like this. This is odd because 99% of the people I saw milling around looked no better or worse than me, playing nickel, quarter, and dollar slots just like me. These obviously weren't &quot;whale&quot; caliber people, yet even though I feel I fit in well there, I still felt like the casino and hotel couldn't have cared less about me. And EVERYTHING is ridiculously expensive. Don't look at the room service menu unless you want a hearty laugh. Five dollar bottles of wine going for FORTY dollars? Are you kidding me? Maybe I spent enough money at their casinos so they'll invite me back for free, and if so, I might take them up on it, but no way in heck will I ever pay to stay here again.	
Aug 6 2008 	Value for Money	We had a very comfortable stay at Harrahs from 18 to 22 July, during our first visit to Vegas. Reception was particularly friendly and courteous during our check-in of 4 rooms. We were upgraded to superior rooms on the higher floors, and found these to be wonderfully comfortable with fabulous beds, LCD TVs in the room and in the bathroom. Housekeeping always attended early in the day and did a great job. We ate at the buffet the first morning but weren't particularly impressed with the food (tho the service was great) so didn't return. Found the hotel to be in a great location, especially with being the middle Monorail stop, so transport to either end of the strip is a breeze. Bus stops were a short walk away outside the Venetian or Flamingo. The pool in no way compares to some others we saw, but it is adequate to cool off/lay in the sun. This hotel is nothing amazing but is a good solid stay and value for money. We moved on after 4 nights to the Mirage and to be honest I much preferred that for the slight increase in price.	
Aug 5 2008 	Good if it is free but otherwise I will pass...	Received a free weekend at Harrah's, and came away with mixed feelings. We were given a newly remodeled room (which I can't imagine what the rooms look like that aren't remodeled as this wasn't exactly a glamorous room itself) on the 12th floor of the Mardi Gras Tower. Check-in was great, but that was because we didn't arrive until late at night. As soon as we walked into the room my first thought was that we had been given a room that someone else was staying in! This was due to the fact that a room service tray full of half-eaten food was sitting next to the bed. In addition, there was water bottles, a lei, and other miscellaneous items from a previous guest left on the nightstands, armoire, and work table. The bed was made and the bathroom was clean however. Called the front desk and was told there was not another room to move us to, so they told us to contact housekeeping. Once we got over the shock of walking into a room full of someone else's food and trash, I was able to survey the room itself. The view wasn't too bad -- could see Treasure Island pretty clear, and the room had an itsy bitsy balcony you could go out on. When I mean itsy I mean it is barely big enough for you to stand on, but it was nice to get some outside air. The room was pretty small compared to other Strip hotels I have been in, but nothing below average. Nice plasma TV in the bedroom and bathroom, typical bathroom amenities, water pressure was terrible though! Bed was super comfortable. No real complaints with the room other than housekeeping which based on our initial problem and the fact that we left the room one day and came back to find our room partially cleaned -- we assume housekeeping cleans rooms in stages, as the maid tried to return later on to finish the job (which apparently they forgot to do earlier.) As far as the hotel itself, there is truth to others saying that Wyndham reps are everywhere -- I wish hotels would ban this it is so irritating, so expect to be pushed by sales reps often when walking around. The 24-hour cafe was not that great -- they serve breakfast 24/7 except oatmeal which we tried to order and were told 'because it is so late we don't have oatmeal' -- go figure...food was just so/so. Pool is definitely not much to write home about, plain pool (maybe olympic-sized couldn't tell), with a small bar/cafe. I wasn't lucky at all in the casino but it is fairly good sized. Ate at Toby Keith's I Love This Bar and Grill for the second time...food there is good, but you should expect the wait-staff to be nothing more than eye-candy and you won't be dissapointed. Prices are pretty steep. There are several shops in the hotel, and I was glad to see more than 1 stayed open late. I guess the problem with Harrah's is that their hotel is rather boring compared to others. Everything (casino, shops, restaurants) are just kind of standard....nothing great about the pool etc...basically I would stay there again if it was free, but would not dish out any money for the trip....have a much better time at Rio for sure!	
Jul 29 2008 	Good Hotel but BEWARE of Wyndham Resorts	We've stayed at Harrah's on The Srip many times. It's a good hotel, especially if you can snag a deal like we did. But BEWARE of the relentless WYNDHAM RESORTS salespeople. They're all over the place and constantly pestering everyone . They'll try to snag you as soon as you're checked in, when you're trying to go to dinner, when you're just walking through the casino. If you do sign up, be prepared for a minimum of THREE HOURS of badgering, not two hours like they claim. And if you say NO, they'll browbeat you with a sarcastic and nasty exit interview. It's not worth the free buffets or the free shows they offer.	
Jul 27 2008 	Good hotel 	Booked for a get-away last minute. Check-in was slow due to several rooms not being cleaned (5:00PM) but there was a long line apparently all day (Sunday). Desk personnel was very nice. First room assigned was not cleaned, had to go back down to lobby to get another room. Second room was clean and neat. Had to call for burned out bathroom bulbs and a defective outlet but both were fixed same day. Beds were comfortable - air is on light or motion sensors so it kept going off, made room somewhat warm. Casino is very easy to get to and around. Made travelling with a senior citizen easier. Monorail, Deuce Bus, and a trolley all leave from hotel to explore the town but can walk to a lot of local casino's. Housekeeping staff do a good job but are noisy in the morning if you want to sleep. Hall traffic carries into rooms. Had an adjoining room that didn't have much noise buffer between rooms. Overall, it was fine. Staff handled anything brought to their attention, casino floor staff, information desk, and lobby staff all very courteous.	
Jul 26 2008 	Perfect for 1st time Vegas trip	We decided to book Harrah's for our first trip to Vegas due to the affordable price and central location. I was not expecting too much in the way of luxury or service, but I was wonderfully mistaken. We checked in late on a Wednesday night (about 10pm), and the desk clerk told us they were down to the last non-smoking room, so she asked if we wanted that room or to upgrade to either A) a full-blown suite for 1 night with guaranteed downgrade back to the basic room the last 2 days of our trip, or B) a mini-suite for 2 nights with the possibility of the 3rd night also. We chose to go with the mini-suite and ended up getting to stay the 3rd night after all! I couldn't believe it- our first Vegas trip and we got complimentary upgrades to a wonderful mini-suite. The room itself was very nice. It was on a low floor in the Carnival tower and was very quiet and easily accessible. It looked like it was fairly recently renovated as compared to other parts of the hotel. It had marble bathroom counters, floors, and shower features. There was also a lovely floor-to-ceiling closet feature with pull out TV. Also a desk and small table near the window. The space was lovely and had lots of room to walk around in. The bed itself- wonderful! It was a down bed with down pillows. By far the MOST comfortable bed I have ever slept on, and perfect for crashing after a long day on the strip. I honestly almost regret not spending MORE time in the room as opposed to out seeing the sites and gambling. Could never hear the neighbors and the cleaning service was great and the room always looked lovely. it also had a wall-safe, which made it much easier to feel safe leaving things in the room instead of lugging them around the strip. As for the rest of Harrah's- the Cafe was alright. Nothing to special, but hit the spot at nearly midnight. Starbucks was typical- exactly what it should be. The piano bar was loads of fun, and we never even went in- just gambled right outside so we could double up on fun and sing-along while playing the slots. Customer service was AMAZING. Everyone at the desk was wonderful to us. Room staff was great. The cab service was good. No complaints all around. It was also nice that they have their own monorail stop- it made getting around the strip easier!	
Jul 26 2008 	Blood on the Toilet??	We had never been to Las Vegas before and thought that staying at a mid priced hotel was the best bet for us (we didn't plan on being in the room much anyway). Once we checked in and realized that our room had ZERO view of the strip and no King sized bed which we had requested we (including the couple we were travelling with) asked to be moved and were told that there were no more rooms available. We were NOT happy as this was our first trip without our kids and really wanted the luxury of staying in the same bed, not two doubles!! We complained quite a bit and eventually we got the beds with no view. Decided to let it rest at that. THEN, went to use the washroom and noticed that there was blood spattering all over the toilet tank (GROSS!!!!)!!!! I nearly died, I felt like germs were crawling all over me. Told the front desk and they gave us a $30 voucher to use anywhere in the hotel. Moved us again. Overall we had fun in Vegas but certainly went away from Harrah's with a less than favourable stay. Too bad as we are not that picky. Some things you just can't overlook.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great for an older hotel	Our stay at Harrahs was great for the price. The room was newly upgraded and was your typical room size. As an older hotel you can hear your neighbors all hours of the night.Eating at the cafe is nothing to write home about and the service was much slow then expected. However, the buffet was very good with a nice selection of different types of food. Valet was fast and congenial but the bellman did not offer to assist with our bags to the car which I found very strange. All in all we had a great time. Staff was friendly and helpful.	
Jul 25 2008	No rest here	Stayed 3 nights May 27-30, 2008. Don't expect to get any sleep during the night or day. Yes, the band on the sidewalk was extremely loud until midnight and the fire alarm went off EVERY morning and afternoon! Our minibar/refrigerator was full of old stale food from an earlier guest. When one guest asked for a disposable razor because she forgot to pack one, she was sent to the gift shop where she could purchase some. When Harrah's was contacted it claims it's had to cut such amenities for financial reasons. We were paying $210/nt.! The Wyndham people were annoying. They stopped you on the sidewalk, at the casino entrance, and at the elevators. No, we did not want to waste 2 and 1/2 hours listening to a time-share program for slot-play promo. Harrah's offered no apology for their persistence and visuals. Harrah's is on the monorail and in the center of the strip, but keep going. You can find better hotels nearby for the same price or less. Enjoy Vegas!! We did!	
Jul 24 2008 	Great service 	Great service and location at Harrahs. Came in early Sat morn &amp; they gave us a room right away about 10am. Front desk very nice &amp; all workers we encountered the same.Rooms very clean &amp; better than expected considering an older hotel. View was of parking garage but no biggy since you are hardly in there. Only had Starbucks at hotel- so can’t comment on other restaurants. McDonalds, Pizza, Chipotle right next door for a quick bite. Pool is very small-that is the only negative. Sister stayed at Venentian- loved that hotel but its almost too big to just run up to your room- but it does have everything you need &amp; the Canal Shoppes are great. The rooms are all suite &amp; very spacious. Went to Kokomo Restaurant at the Mirage- or attempted too. Sat down but were totally ignored by waiter so just had wine &amp; left. With prices like that they should be treating you better or atleast acknowledge you. So ended up at the Italian Rest there which was very good esp their bread with olive oil/balsamic/garlic dipping. Went to PF Changs off strip &amp; had the best service ever. Also ate at PARIS at the Burger Place which was yummy &amp; great service too. I would like to stay next time at Paris- good size &amp; nice casino area &amp; shops. Went to the top of the Eiffel Tower which was kinda scary going up on the elevator but great views of the strip. We had to come right down due to lightening storm approaching but they gave us vouchers.Saw Cirque du Soleil MYSTERE at Mirage which was better than I expected. Hard to explain – just something neat for all ages. I would go to another show like O or Ka the water ones.Great getaway in Vegas!	
Jul 23 2008 	Excellent Location - Great Stay	Had 4 nights comped during a 10-day stay in Las Vegas. Harrah's has an excellent location on the strip -- convenient for walking and riding monorail and catching the Deuce. Did not think a comped room would be as nice as it was. It was also very clean and the bed was very comfortable. The room was located in the Carnival Tower, high floor, not too far from elevators.Loved the atmosphere in the casino slots areas as well as the keno area. Didn't win but still had fun.&quot;Flavors, The Buffet&quot; was very good with very prompt seating. Breakfast at the &quot;Cafe at Harrahs&quot; was good; however seating is very very slow.All staff in casino and food areas were very customer focused. Would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 22 2008 	Great Stay!	Stayed five nights at Harrah's the 2nd week in July. Our checkin at 4 pm on Saturday was quick and the staff very pleasant. Our room in the Carnival Tower was clean and quiet - no view, but we can't complain because our room was comped. We tried Toby Keith's restaurant - it was ok, the breakfast buffet was good - dinner buffet was only o.k. The slot machines at Harrah's were very very tight - never saw anyone win anything over $400. My husband and I both hit jackpots at Imperial Palace and then I hit the big jackpot at MGM. Also, I had good luck on the slots at Paris, hitting a couple of times for $800 and $700. I recommend Harrah's for hotel room, other casinos for gambling. I would definitely stay at Harrah's again!	
Jul 19 2008 	Perfect for exploring the Strip	We stayed here in July 2007 for five nights.Harrah's was recommended to us by friends who live in Los Angeles, and who visit Las Vegas on a regular basis.It's perfect location in the centre of the Strip should in theory mean you'll be paying considerably more for a room per night, but unlike the majority of hotel casinos nearby like Bellagio, Caesar's Palace and The Venetian, you're not.A lot is made of star ratings for hotels in Vegas. Caesar's Palace is rated as 5+ star, and personally I'd say it was higher. Harrah's thought is accurately rated as 4 star.The hotel is clean and tidy. The rooms are ample in size and we heard no noise from any adjacent rooms throughout our stay.We had a king size bed, large CRT TV, adequate bathroom with hair dryer but the air con was set so you couldn't adjust it.Maid service was once a day. Our bed was made with fresh sheets, bins emptied, bathroom cleaned and towels replaced.Also included was a mini bar - WARNING : Don't under any circumstances be tempted to open it. The stuff inside costs a fortune and if removed (even if not used and subsequently replaced) is automatically billed to your room.The guys manning the check in and out desks were prompt and curteous.The interior decor of the casino was perfectly fine. Not as lavish as the other bigger casinos, but when in Vegas you'll probably find you'll move from one casino to another.During our stay we tried the hotel buffey. Fair price, good selection, the quality of the food was great and free refills of soft drinks - can't fault it.On the whole I would definately recommend this hotel if you are looking for a centrally located base of operations, arn't looking for too many frills and are on a budget.	
Jul 19 2008 	Service Plus	We have been to Las Vegas several times since 2001 and have stayed at many different hotels. This is the second time we have stayed at Harrah's. The rooms as always were very clean. The view wasn't the best. The casino is large enough that you don't have to spend to much time looking for a machine or table to play on. What was the best part of staying at Harrah's was the outstanding service. From the room cleaning staff to the casino floor, we were treated like the staff appretaited that we chose their hotel to stay in. We are going back again in September, and we had a choice of many hotels, which were all comped. The chioce was simple. We chose Harrah's.	
Jul 15 2008 	Great location for the price	We stayed here for two nights at the start of a touring holiday. We knew we'd be initially jet-lagged and then seeing the sights, so we wanted somewhere well-located, central to the Strip and at a reasonable price. This hotel ticked all the boxes. Although we were a little unimpressed with the slightly aging decor of Harrah's own casino, we spent most of our time getting lost in the others, so this didn't matter. The room was large, clean and quiet, and unlike our experience with another Las Vegas hotel, it wasn't a 20 minute walk from the car park to the hotel room.If you're not bothered about staying in a big name hotel, this hotel is in a really good location at the centre of the Strip, at a good price.	
Jul 12 2008 	Don't Stay Here	DO NOT STAY HERE for the price, money and location you can get a better deal at Imperial Palace or even Casino Royale. We booked the pool package to get a cheaper rate and when I saw the pool, I wanted to die. The pool at my apartment complex is more fun. We arrived Friday night pretty late and we were starving, so decided to grab dinner at the cafe located near the Mardi Gras tower. The first two things I ordered on the menu the server told were horrible and to pick something else. My husband and I were both disappointed with our choices in the end. The next day I woke up to head downstairs to Starbucks, but the elevators on my side of the hotel were not working. The 5 minute walk and 20 minute wait at the other set of elevators almost made me want to take the 15 flights of stairs down. Finally returned to my room and got ready for the pool, the package included two free frozen drinks and pool bag. However, I never got my frozen drinks because with no power they could not blend anything. Saturday night around 10 pm I returned to my room and was greeted by a terribly RUDE security officer demanding to see my room key and my husbands, one key for the both of us was not sufficient proof we were staying at the room. We checked out Sunday morning around noon, returned home at 9pm and realized my husband had left a $100 polo shirt in the room. Called lost and found immediately and were told they would take a look and get back with us. I called back the following Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday with no response. My husband and I are frequent visitors Vegas, we go about 6 to 7 times a year and try new places each time, so I've stayed almost every where on the strip and have never been as disappointed and I have been with my stay at Harrah's.	
Jul 10 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	My husband and I stayed three nights and were very impressed with the friendly staff and extremely comfortable beds.The Oyster Bar has amazing food - we ate there three times! Had a great experience in the Spa.Loved the location to the more high end hotels and shopping.Misses - the pool area is very dated - and nothing special about it. The metal hand rails to get into and out of the pool were very dangerous - they got extrememly hot and it was nearly impossible to touch them when trying to get out.Otherwise - this is a good, economical bet.	
Jul 9 2008 	Very Good Hotel Perfect Location	First of all, for context purposes, I am 26 and I went to Vegas with 3 of my guy friends who are all around the same age. We stayed 3 nights, and I have to say I really enjoyed staying this hotel. Our room was really nice-we actually were supposed to stay in a standard guest room, but at the airport check-in, I slipped $30 to the hotel clerk who upgraded us to a junior suite. The junior suites are really nice, clean, and spacious. The best thing about the hotel, though, was not the rooms (who goes to Las Vegas to stay in a room all day?), but the location and the nightlife. It is perfectly located in the middle of the strip, and the Mirage is literally less than a 2 minute walk once you get outside of the hotel (and remember the Mirage is connected to Treasure Island, which is a really good hotel too). Caesars Palace and the Paris are only a 5-7 minute walk, and I would say the Bellagio is only about a 10, maybe 15 minute walk at longest. All of these hotels have great casinos, which is the only downside of Harrah's (their casino isn't that big and is confusing to navigate). If you're into nightclubs, the surrounding hotels have good ones, and if you're into fine dining, Caesars and the Mirage have excellent restaurants.Furthermore, Harrah's also has a great buffet-it was only about 25 dollars for dinner, and the food and the selection was excellent. The best spot at Harrahs, without a doubt, is Carnival Court. It is a huge outside bar that features live music starting around noon or 1 each day that goes all night. The atmosphere is relaxed and laid back, the people are fun and friendly (which is not the case everywhere in Vegas), and the live music was awesome (even the performers in the afternoon were good). In short, for the price of the hotel, Harrah's is a great choice-if you care more about luxury, then it may not be for you. But if you're just going for a good time, this is hands down the best spot to be at.	
Jul 7 2008 	Very impressed	We have just returned from a 7 night stay at Harrah's and had a brilliant stay. As returning visitors to Las Vegas, we wanted to opt for a more centrally located hotel on the strip, and also wanted to save some money on the initial booking by going to a cheaper hotel.We were not disapointed at all, and after getting checked in by a fantastic lady called Glenda, who did everything possible to get us a room upgrade from our original booking and succeeded, we made our way to the 9th floor of the Mardi Gras tower. We never had to wait long for lifts, and our room was right at the end of the corridor which made it nice and quiet. The view was of the pool and Imperial Palace. When the door was open, the noise of the pool area with the people and the music was evident, but was no way a problem, and once door was closed, no sound could be heard at all. The room was spot on, King Size bed, desk, table and 2 chairs, sofa and clean bathroom with flatscreen tv in. Glenda also managed to get us a fridge in the room the week, free of charge, for us to put medication in, which was greatly appreciated. Maid service was good.The casino was always busy (which ones arn't though?), but seemed to have a good atmosphere with friendly staff everywhere we went.We ate in Flavours buffet one night, and like any other buffet had loads of choice and was not fantastic nor dreadful, just what you expect. After the buffet, we tended to eat in cafe's and other resturants. The duelling piano bar was a great visit, very lively, the two artists working the crowd really well and both very talented.All in all we had a fantastic time here and would stay again and also recommend it to our friends. It might lack a lot of the wow factor and style factors of some of the other strip hotels, but it is perfect as it is. Good clean rooms, friendly staff, excellent location right across from the Forum Shops, good atmosphere and really really well priced.	
Jul 5 2008 	Excellent Budget Hotel	We stayed at the Harrahs hotel and resort for 5 nights. It was a great hotel at rock bottom prices. The service was excellent and timely. We are low rollers prefering $5 caps tables and 1-5 cent slots so this was the perfect place to stay. The location is north of Imperial palace and almost center strip.  We ate at Toby Keith's I Love This Bar and had a great experience. The atmosphere was fun and electrifying. The cheeseburgers are the size of the plate and this is no exageration!! Toward the end of our stay we seen the Mac King show and thought it was a little cheesy but was very fun. The tickets were free but the catch was you had to buy at least one drink.  Oh I almost forgot Carnival Court. They have live bands and Flair bartenders that do all kinds of tricks when they make your drinks. Don't pay the cover to get inside the court because you can view the band from the sides and take your free drink outside the casino and listen to the music. Overall this was the best stay I have had in Vegas yet. From Low Limit tables, location, and service to exciting entertainment, I give Harrahs 5 Stars for the money you pay to stay there.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great Location	Had a great 6 night stay.We arrived at 9am on a Saturday, I was just expecting to drop our bags and meet some friends. I had asked for the Carnival tower, King Smoking room. Nothing available, but if I took the Mardi Gras Tower I could get my room right then. The front desk clerk was very nice. She advised us that they are doing work on the 18th floor (we had the 17th), they did not start until after 8am, but if it is a bother at anytime comeback and they would change our rooms. I also had 2 reservations. This started out as a 4 night trip then added Saturday and Sunday with my deals with Total Rewards. The clerk set up the whole check in so I did not need to come down and redo the process on Monday.The room was very clean, the carpet was a little worn, but the bed was extremely comfortable. The only drawback for the room was the tub drained slow. I can not mark this off against them, since we chose not to call down and have it looked at while we were there. Everyone of the staff we came in contact with were friendly, alwys a smile and a hello. The best one was Bob the barkeep at Bill's bar. He is the best.We loved the great location. We walked to the mall, venitian and all other surrounding hotels. We only took out our car once when we visited the MGM to meet friends. I would recommend this to anyone. The price was also a great deal by using my Total Rewards number, paid $40 anight for the weeknight s.	
Jul 2 2008	Terrific Location and Value (But I'd Like More Space and Cold Drinks)	I stayed here just after Memorial Day for the bargain basement price of $59/night. Though the view from the window was pretty drab, the room was nice - recently remodeled with new bedding and a sleek marble bathroom. There was even a flat screen TV in the bathroom!The location is ideal: mid-strip with easy access to Treasure Island, Venetian, Imperial Palace, Mirage, and Caesar's. The tram stops in back of Harrah's, but walking is best for anything pretty close by. My biggest complaint was that there was no good way to keep drinks cold in the room. Putting your own beverages in the mini-fridge is forbidden, and there is a charge ($10 or $15 per day?) for them to bring you an extra mini-fridge for your own beverages. As I like to drink cold bottled water throughout the day, this was a real disappointment.My other complaint was room size. These rooms are pretty small. After having stayed at Bally's, these seem almost tiny. While I might stay here again, I might opt to return to Bally's where I can get double the room for about $20 more per night.	
Jun 30 2008	I give Harrahs a ( b -)	Harrahs was convienient because #1 it is in the middle of the strip and #2 it had a monorail stop. The room were pretty nice nothing special just average. ( we even upgraded to a luxury room) There is no dressers, just a night stand with a few drawers and a closet to hang things.It was the strangest thing. If you are looking for an inexpensive stay then this would work for you. It is clean and convienient . Also the swimming pool is very very small. I dont think i would stay here again with as many choices as you have in vegas.	
Jun 28 2008 	Average hotel	I stayed here for two nights for a convention at a convention rate of $149 plus taxes. Although I was quite satisfied with the room which was in the Carnaval Tower, I felt that it was highly overpriced for Vegas however this may have been due to a lack of availability or some other similar issue.The bathroom was recently renovated, the bedding was nice and the room was spacious and included a small desk and small table with 2 dining chairs. The TV was old style and had not yet been upgraded to a flat screen. The pool was quite disappointing - to get a lounge chair near the pool, you had to get there quite early. There were also lounge chairs in a separate area around a small fountain.Although I was satisfied with the quality of the room, I am only giving it 3 stars because it was overpriced for what I got.We checked out Toby Keith's I Love This Bar and Grill one night. They had a live band (no cover) which played mostly danceable rock with some country thrown in - it's a good alternative if you want to dance but don't want to stand in line at a big club.	
Jun 26 2008 	Nice place	It is a nice place to stay in...A cheap price for that expensive place...are room is on the fornt of the mall there..which is really really nice for me hehehehe..The Bathtub is ok so as the bed..but really?nothing especial..the staff is ok and polite to thier costumer and the casino is good too..they are one of the rare casino you can play and bet on 25cent..All in all..its ok	
Jun 26 2008 	Fantastic stay!!!	Stayed here for my 50th birthday for 4 nights in June very good check in lady who accomodated all our wishes (in room safe etc) we were in the carnival tower room 1648 lifts just across from reception with a starbucks at the bottom . on entering the room yes it was dark but that was because the curtains were drawn to keep the sun out . the air con was fine cause lets not forget it was 110 degrees outside!! The beds and pillows were so comfy i wanted to take them home, bathroom was big and clean , powerfull shower and no probs with the drainage! (which some people seem to of had) thats enough about the room cause i was in vegas you only sleep in it !!Casino was large and unlike some i found no problem with the smoke (being a non smoker if i had of done i would have been out of their im sure) we ate at flavours buffet which had all the choices im sure you get at any other buffet (god the americans sure know how to feed you) we also ate at the the range steakhouse on my 50th we had a table looking over the strip which was excellent for 3 people it cost $200 in english money bout £100 not bad at all as we all had prime rib steaks chips,veg and 2 bottles of good red wine (they knew it was my birthday and brought out a chocolate cake with candles) very nice gesture. We also liked all the entertainment going on in the hotel very fun atmosphere for the young and old!! Great little casino next door Casino royale had a good few wins in their, cocktail waitress came round every 15/20 mins you only tip a $1 and for 2 g&amp;t's and 1 brandy/coke (for 50p) i'm not complaining!! also saw phantom at the venetian WOW go if you can you will never forget it!! and also saw Legends in concert at the Imperial Palace great show for $30/40 at the moment they have Dusty springfield winner of the UK one and only get out quick at end of performance as all the stars will have their pic took with you . Check out was quick and easy (didnt get charged $5 for a toby keith bottle) and the luggage store was great as we had an afternoon flight back to the uk (Think virgin going down hill this was our 4 th visit to vegas and i can't remember service being that poor) but as they are the only direct flight people we dont have a choice. have stayed at sahara,excalibur and luxor and harrah's hotel for the location is def the best would stay here again on my next visit might sign up for comps next time may be they will give me a free room !! just for this review if you go here dont be put of by any bad reviews (you always get 1) have a great time in VEGAS enjoy	
Jun 26 2008 	Great hotel wonderful location	We had a wonderful 6 night stay in Harrah's. We stayed on the 24th floor of Carnaval Tower where we had a partial view of the mirage. The whole stay was perfect, i have no complaints. The staff were lovely and helpful, the casino was great and had a lovely feel. The room was perfect, nice and cool and it was so clean. I would definitly stay there again	
Jun 25 2008 	Servicable comfortable Vegasy	Harrah's in an affordable choice on the Las Vegas Strip. While I'm really not a fan of Vegas, I went for work. My room at Harrah's was comfortable and spacious and the service was impeccable. It was my first trip to Las Vegas, so maybe this is standard, but nothing was included in the room price. Wireless internet was $12 a day. Package handling was $6. Printing boarding passes was $5. It seems like they can make money of their casino and afford their guests a few more amenities. I'm not a gambler at all, but visitors have to walk through Harrah's casino to get to the Strip. It's one of the more loud and smokey casinos I visited. Harrah's has great access to the Monorail, which I found an excellent way to get around town.	
Jun 24 2008 	Overall a good property NOT a GREAT ONE though.	This property features a great location. Parking is bad. Checkin is okay. I enjoyed the SPA facilities. They offer really good discounts for multiple day passes. Great eateries located nearby. Room was nothing great but good.Not as Clean as I expected. Plumbing at this property has some issues. They had a flat screen TV in the bathroom. That was nice. ;-)	
Jun 23 2008 	Tiniest room ever but very nice	I have stayed at Harrah's many times and this was a unique experience. While quite nice, this was positively the smallest room I have ever stayed in here. I'm talking dinky. The king bed, the television cabinet and clothes closet, and the night stand filled it! 6th floor of Mardi Gras tower...the very last room at the end of the hall. Very quiet...view of the infrastructure on top of the casino itself I think. Couldn't see much else. My room was an upgraded Luxury room that I was able to get when I booked my 2 comped nights in the middle of the week through the Harrah's website. My stay was June 17-19. There are variety of reasons why I like staying at Harrah's, and in the past that has included the ability to complementary upgrade to Junior Suites when available. The last couple of times, an extra $75. No thank you. I like the bathrooms alot, although mine did not have a coffee maker, and the in-room safe. Great, comfortable bed although Harrah's needs to offer an extra blanket...those covers at the end of the bed look great but serve no use. Scrap'em! I also like their location amongst other casinos. I just wonder if the private equity buy-out is affecting service. I do find Harrah's slots to be tight, so I only play table games. I play some at Harrah's but usually find myself at other properties - lower stakes of play, hotter waitress outfits (Rio), open floor layout (Bally's), games (Flamingo), free show (Rio), ambiance (Paris). I like, when it's open, the more exclusive check-in processes at Harrah's for club members higher than Gold carders too. Speeds up the process for sure. I also like the information desk that's right next to the check-in desk.	
Jun 22 2008 	Too Much Time	What kind of person has enough time - in Vegas - to wait for the wash basin to empty and then write about how long it took? Perfectly enjoyable and acceptable stay. Never gonna set the world alight but .... great reception staff, good Piano Bar, decent but dated rooms and good pool. Plus a couple of Starbucks dotted around. Won a few dollars and had a blast. Try to find the good and enjoy. If you look for the worst you'll find it and miss your entire vacation. Still, at least you'll be able to write about it so well done!!!!	
Jun 19 2008 	Very Pleasant Experience	Our three days/two nights at Harrah's were wonderful. We stayed in the Carnival Tower (29th floor) which offered a great view of The Strip as well as the mountains in the distance. The bed and linens were superb, and I appreciated the in-room cofffee maker. Yes, sink and tub drainage was somewhat slow, but that was a minor shortcoming. The casino provides a huge variety of gambling opportunities and the service attendants were prompt (and, I might add, we are not high rollers :). I also recommend Harrah's for its location; it's within easy walking distance to many of the other must-see casinos in Vegas, such as The Venetian, Bellagio, Caesars Palace, and Wynn.	
Jun 17 2008 	Excellent location	We stayed 3 days at Harrah's. Absolutely Fantastic. I booked through their website &amp; got a great deal $64/night for a luxury room &amp; great view of the strip. The casino was very good with plenty of slot machines.Its probably older than some of the newer hotels on the strip, but great value for money. Extremely clean &amp; wonderful staff. Location is right in the middle of the strip &amp; close to all the major hotels.Well worth a visit. All the restaurants had good meals &amp; value for money, an excellent buffet.	
Jun 14 2008 	OK Hotel...Could use some work	Harrah's is definately not a luxury hotel, but still could use some work. Our room was TINY, but described on website as the luxury upgrade????????? The bathroom only had one sink and on our 2nd night there the tub wouldn't drain. I will say the maintenance staff works fast, we left our room for less than two hours and the tub was fixed. Maid service was good. SLOTS WERE SUPER TIGHT. We had a very bad experience with a room service clerk, she was extremely rude. We ordered an item from the menu one night with no problem...next day tried to order it again and was told by &quot;RUDE CLERK??&quot; we haven't had that on the menu for over two years as if we were lying!!! So your in-room menus havent been updated in 2 years??? My husband called back and he asked for the manager. She was not in but called us promptly the following day, she comped us a free dinner and sent a very nice card apologizing for the poor service we received. All in all its a nice place but could use some renovating, some areas look like they haven't been touched in years. Our room was in the Mardi Gras tower overlooking the pool, I have been told this is the newer/renovated tower...but be warned the music from the Carnival Court is loud and goes until 4am. Light sleepers stay away. I don't think I would stay here again, but would not tell others not to.	
Jun 14 2008 	Great hotel for the money	I just stayed at Harrahs for 5 nights in June. It was my second time staying there ( the first being over 10 years ago) and I was very happy with my choice. I booked online using my total rewards comp card and got the casino rate at $40 a night. I checked in at 7pm on a Sunday night and asked if they had any of the renovated rooms. The very polite lady at the desk said it would be another $20 a night which I declined. I was put in the Mardi Gras tower on the 12th floor. The room itself was smaller in size but very clean. The mattress was exceptional, in fact I thought it was better than the one I have at home. Even though I wasn't given a renovated room, I found this one to be great. Also, I was given a room with a strip view facing Mirage and Caesars Palace. There was only one thing I didn't like which was the air conditioner in the room. The air is on sensor and shuts off when your not there. When you open the room door it goes on and cools off the room in 10-20 minutes. You can set the thermostat to your desired room temp but it only goes as low as 65 which if you like the room like an ice box then you wont be happy. At night when your sleeping the air system somehow knows your in the room and keeps it nice and cool. The casino itself is older but that doesn't really matter because you have all the other top casinos so close. If your looking for a casino/hotel with all the chandeliers and high end stuff then this isn't for you but if your budget minded and need a nice clean room then Harrahs is your place.	
Jun 10 2008 	Love it here!	I have been to Vegas numerous other times, but this was my first time staying at Harrah's. I was not disappointed. The man at the check-in desk was very friendly and helpful, and when I requested 2 rooms that were connecting on a non-smoking floor, he granted my request AND our room was ready when we arrived at 9:30am! Being able to go into the room so early allowed us to just drop our luggage off and start our vacation! After all, who goes to Vegas to sit in the room? The rooms have very basic decoration, but are very clean. The beds and the pillows were outstanding, and I wished I could take the whole bed home with me! It was honestly the most comfortable hotel bed I've had in a while. One down side is there was no coffee pot in the room, although just a short trip down the elevator and there's a Starbucks right there. I'd much rather have Starbucks than hotel room coffee anyway. Overall, it was a very comfortable hotel right smack in the middle of the strip, and I'm sure I'll be staying there again. If you get any kind of reasonable price for this hotel, it is definitely worth it.	
Jun 1 2008 	Loved it!	We stayed at Harrahs for 5 nights. The check in lady was so friendly and checked us in at 2.45pm even thought check in didn't start until 4pm. Our room wasn't ready as it was so early, but we dropped our bags off and went for something to eat. When the room was ready we headed to the 29th floor of the Carnaval Tower and were not disappointed. The room was large and clean and faced right onto the strip with an uninterrupted view of Caesar's Palace and the Mirage. We could only faintly hear the band below so we had no trouble sleeping.We had a problem with the sink in the bathroom, the plug wouldn't lift up so we were left with a sinkful of dirty water, this was fixed but the sink still drained quite slowly.Flavours buffet for breakfast was incredible, there was ice cream, doughnuts, yogurt, fruits, mexican food, pizza, eggs, bacon etc, etc more than you could ever want and it tasted great. On our last night we ordered room service which was speedy and delicious, and great to eat at the table in the window with such a great view of Vegas. Overall, we loved Harrah's and would definately recomend it.	
