Oct 5 2009 	Decent stay quiet hotel accomodating staff	This hotel's strongest asset was the front desk and housekeeping staff. The desk staff was always warm and friendly and were nice enough to graciously take photos of us in the lobby before we all headed out!The rooms were clean and housekeeping was quick to supply extra towels and a roll-away bed for us. Although one of the days that we wanted service, we did not get it, but it likely occurred because the Do not Disturb sign was out until about 4 PM. The hotel was slow and there weren't many others on our floor, so it's understandable that the room was not serviced. If we had asked for service, I am confident they would have accomodated us quickly.The pool and hottub area was rather decent. Nothing too flashy, but it was clean and there were always fresh towels available. The breakfast buffet, though not free at this location, was quite good for the price. The breakfast attendant was very friendly and accomodating to our group. I felt he was a gracious host and made us feel welcome.Whenever we needed a cab, the desk was always quick to call immediately and assist us. We were a relatively high-maintence group, as we often needed things like towels and clean linen at odd hours, but they did not seem to mind. Additionally, when we came back to the hotel, possibly a little boisterous around 3 and 4 AM, they were smiling and friendly.There is a free internet terminal there, but it doesn't have any access to any other programs, other than the internet. In Vegas, I recommend going horseback riding in the Red Rock Canyon. We stumbled upon it by accident, and for $69 a person, we got a guided horseback tour around the canyon, and it was the best part of our trip. Check it out!!	
Jul 6 2009 	Great for the price not so good for the average Las Vegas visit.	Best thing about this hotel is that we got it cheap and on short notice. We paid $79 per night on 4th of july weekend. Also, the hotel is right across the street from the monorail. The rooms were average with the no frills look to them. The best thing about the room was that the blinds blocked out 100% of the midday sun. We woke up at 1pm and thought it was still nighttime.	
Jul 1 2009 	Good find	Nice hotel, very friendly staff and located short walk from the strip (5-10 minute walk from Wynns &amp; Encore). It's also within walking distance of the light rail system. Hotel, rooms and pool were clean. The pool currently overlooks Wynns &amp; Encore, but it's located just off the street and entrance to the garage. Therefore, you'll hear traffic noise. The pool area is not very big, so if there are noisy guests or kids you'll have nowhere to seek quietness. Free self parking offered. Very comfortable bed - double beds were not offered. Free connection to your airline check-in site is offered, so you can print your boarding pass in the lobby. Wireless connection is offered in your room. I would stay here again.	
Mar 24 2009 	Sufficient but mainly targeted to the "convention people"	After a week in Marriott's Grand Chateau, we drove back to the airport where we got hit by a car and ende up in the hospital. We missed our flight and on doctor's advice we had to stay resting. So we said to a cab driver to tale us to the closest courtyard, as we know what kind of room and bed to expect. We didn't use too much the facilities, but stayed in the room basically for several days. The room was okay and sufficient for our needs: two seperate beds, which helped dealing better with our injuries and bruizes. They had some items to buy: pills were handy, the bread offereings were a bit dull. We used the external room service, which we can not advice: they forgot an order and it was not too tasty (and a rather questionable eastern european (?) man came to deliver the food). But since we did not have to many other options, we had to use it. I was surprised with the lack of compasion from the staff, they could see we were in pain: but no one talked to us if they could help or anything... The hotel quoted us a price at checkin, but did not inform us they would raise the price the second night. I complained and they used the original rate. We are frequent Marriott guests (silver level) and have had better experiences with Courtyard in europe. This was basically a business hotel for business people. (You see them dealing in the lobby and going to the convention center across the road). Not a hotel for families (even though they have a pool). It is off the strip, but neither that far away from it (behind the Wynn, sortof)...For what we paid you can find a better price on the strip. I usually check travelcomparing.com for prices. The benefit for us, was that we did not have to walk so much in a huge hotel on the strip to get to our room with our suitcases... It helped us get through our time of pain.	
Jan 12 2009 	Convenient to the Convention Center	I stayed at the Courtyard - Convention Center while in Las Vegas for CES 2009. I was primarily looking for a clean, comfortable, and convenient place to stay, and the Courtyard fit the bill. The hotel is across Paradise Rd. from the Convention Center, a short walk to any of the center's entrances, which made it incredibly convenient to the CES exhibits. It is also only about a half mile from the Strip as well.My room was comfortable and laid out well, with a king-size bed, ample work surface, small couch, and coffee table. A separate &quot;bar&quot; area near near the bathroom provided a place for the ice bucket, glasses, and coffee maker, leaving the entire desk space open for spreading out a laptop, paperwork, and things like charging a cell phone, camera, etc. Like most Courtyards, the hotel is situated around a central courtyard, including an outdoor pool, with each room opening onto a small balcony. (My room happened to look out over the south parking lot, but had a good view of palm trees and some of the hotels on the Strip.)The hotel staff was friendly and courteous. Free wired and wireless Internet access was available. Free printing from a kiosk in the lobby is also available (which worked great for printing my airline boarding pass). The restaurant is only open for breakfast and offers a buffet and a few cooked-to-order options. The breakfast buffet was a bit pricey, but was a great start to the day.During CES, the hotel also planned a few extras to make thing easier for attendees, including boxed to-go lunches, a nightly shuttle to/from the Strip, and was helpful in arranging taxis.I really enjoyed my stay, and will definitely check into staying at the Courtyard next time I attend an event at the Las Vegas Convention Center.	
Jun 3 2008 	Great Business Accomodations for Convention Center	Great escape from all the glitz. Competely smoke free. The staff was friendly and helpful from the first step into the lobby until I left. The room was comfortable, clean, and geared for someone on a business trip like myself. Pleanty of work space to spread out my papers. High speed internet was so-so, but free. There's a great all-you-can-eat buffet breakfast in the morining ($11) and you can walk across the street to the convention center. Only a cheap $12 cab ride to the airport. I used their business center in the lobby area to print my boarding pass.I only wish there was someplace within walking distance to have dinner under $30.	
May 14 2008 	Great Place	The Courtyard was a really nice place to stay, the location was good for anyone looking to get away from the strip. rooms where nice and the staff friendly.	
Apr 16 2008	Very Convenient Close but not too Close	As others have said, if you want the mayhem, noise and lights of the Las Vegas strip, this hotel is not for you. If you want convenience to the Hilton Convention Center and a short walk to the strip - it's the best. The typical Courtyard quality located in Sin City.The staff was nice. The complementary cookies were cold, hard and crunchy (I like warm, soft and tender). No free food in the morning but there's a breakfast place there. They have the in-the-lobby-business-center which is well kept but hardly quiet.All in all, a reasonable rate in a city of outrageous costs!(for those who Geocache, there is a large travel-bug-laden cache box very near by!)	
Apr 12 2008 	Nice Quiet Spot in Vegas	The Courtyard is not a gaming hotel and is not on the Strip. If you are looking for those attributes, this doesn't qualify. However, if you like to get away from the hustle and bustle, this is a good choice. It is across the street from the Convention Center and adjacent to the Convention Center Monorail Station,so it is a quick, easy ride to the Strip. The rooms are nice, clean, but non-descript; they do have a refrigerator.The staff are helpful and efficient. The fitness room is small, but adequate. The pool area is very pleasant - a good place to saok up some sun and is generally quiet.Courtyards are not full service hotels, so there is no restuarant, only a breakfast buffet area (decent, but not out of the ordinary).The only drawback to this property is that there aren't many restuarants or much of anything else within walking distance. This is offset by the decent room rate.	
Dec 13 2007	Nice Typical Courtyard	We had planned a 4-night stay in Las Vegas but were not willing to pay the overly inflated prices on our first night for a hotel on the Strip. I booked one night at the Courtyard Convention Center location at a decent rate.We arrived several hours before the designated time for check-in but were quickly and cheerfully given our room. The property is in good shape, aside from the elevator which could use an upgrade. Our room was spotless and nicely decorated in the newer Courtyard design (faux cherry-wood furniture). The bed was wonderful and very comfortable. This is a good location if you either have a car or plan to spend all of your time at the hotel and convention center. There is a monorail stop across the street, but do plan to be isolated from ready access to restaurants, etc. without transportation.	
May 8 2007 	Marriott Courtyard	Stayed at the Courtyard for a long weekend in May. It was what you would expect of a typical Courtyard hotel...rooms were clean, nice pool/hot tub, etc. As the other reviews mentioned, the monorail was directly across the street, which was nice. Although for $5 each way, it was steep in my opinion. I was also in a room which faced the pool side of the hotel, which was peaceful. This was my first time in Las Vegas, and although this hotel was nice and I would definitely recommend it to someone who doesn't want to stay on the strip, I think I personally would pay a little extra and stay on the strip next time.	
Oct 4 2005	Not What I Expected	I must say I was a bit disapointed in our stay. Definitely do not have a room by the street, you will be up all night with the race track! We were dispointed all the way around, for the price we paid the room was not what we expected. We will not stay there again.	
Jun 12 2005 	Courtyard Convention Center: Business Casual	I, along with three other collegues, stayed at the Courtyard Convention Center June 6-10 during the Infocomm Convention. The hotel is directly across the street from the Convention Center, and a monorail station ($3 one-way), which made getting around very easy. The rooms are very comfortable and come with: coffee maker, FREE Hi-speed Internet and cable tv with many channels. The only restaurant(s) of note within walking distance are all located at the Hilton which is the property adjacent to the Convention Center (you can get there via the skywalk in the CC). The buffet at the Hilton was great and very affordable ($12 lunch &amp; $15 dinner). The pool area is very clean and has a great hot tub to relaxation. I would certainly recommend this hotel for the business traveler and for families that want the Vegas experience without the &quot;Mega-Hotel&quot; price tag.	
May 26 2005	Great everything!!!!	The hotel was awesome. Very clean and everyone was really friendly. The location, was awesome. The monorail was right across the street, and if you wanted to get away from everything for a little while you were able to, and when you were ready to go again, all you have to do is cross the street to the monorail. The room was very spacious and the kitchen was great. The grounds were very pretty, was a little too cold for the pool, but it looked nice.They even have different themes at night for dinner or snacks.Will definitely stay there next time I'm in town.	
Feb 18 2005	Excellent for the money	This hotel is located off the strip and adjacent to the Hilton Hotel. There is no gambling on the premises and is very quiet. The rooms are very nice and a lot of them face the pool area which is also very nice. This is a great place for the money but you must have a car, cab fare will kill you if you go this route. The hotel personell are very cordial and helpful. Also email me about how to get a good rate for this place. nybill88@cox.net. Also we live in PHX and go to vegas monthly should you have any ? you might need answered. Hope you enjoy your stay and win some money. Bill	
May 7 2003	Clean and comfortable	The Courtyard by Marriott in Vegas is similar to Courtyard properties around the U.S. -- clean, comfortable &amp; reasonably priced. It doesn't have the cache of the larger, casino-based hotels in Vegas but unlike many of the larger hotels, parking &amp; access to the room is convenient.	
Jan 8 2009 	LVCC??????		
