	A Home Away from Home	What a great stay we had at the Platinum. All we can say is that it was like a home away from home....From check in with Brianna we were at all times treated so well by everyone, especially Nathan the Manager on duty. We were celebrating my 40th birthday and were treated to complimentary champagne and chocolate covered strawberries on more than one occasion during our 5 night stay.In particular, Nathan, Trinity, Brianna at the front desk and Joel and Marco, Bell Men and Christian in the Bar were outstanding. Matt and Alex at the front desk were also pleasant. Nathan and Trinity were great at suggesting trips and looking up tours to the Grand Canyon and tickets for shows, much appreciated to get the local heads up...During our trip to Vegas we travelled to San Francisco for 3 days and were delighted to be welcomed back to the hotel. Our room 1516 was spacious, with a good view, ok its the back of the buildings on the strip that you see.We had breakfast coupons for the first 3 days, but these were inadvertently charged to our room, which Nathan sorted out when mentioned to him. The only slight issue was on our second day we had to phone 3 different times 12 noon, 6.30pm and again at 04.00am for the guest bed to be made up, in the end the linen arrived quite quickly and we made the spare bed up ourselves at 4am. The late arrival was after enjoying the $6.99 steak and beer special next door in Ellis Island, definitely an experience worth trying... good food, home brew, great valueNext door to the hotel there is a half price tickets booth for all the shows and we were lucky enough to be able to enjoy 3 superb shows...We were on foot and had no problem with the short trek to the strip, so we cannot comment on the valet parking except to say that the Bell Men were great at getting cabs when needed for the airport etc and even ran after our taxi man after he tried to pull a fast one and drive off with some of out christmas shopping left in his trunk..... Just a tip re cabs, get the number of the driver if you have any issues, we heard scary stories of people being overcharged for regular cab faresThe hotel is an oasis of calm within the madness and insanity that is all about Las Vegas. In short a home away from home. Thank you all at the Platinum for making it so memorable	
	Would never stay anywhere else	My husband and I stayed here for our wedding/honeymoon. It is just a short walk from the strip and a lot less expensive. We chose the hotel based on theprice per square foot and the spa. Our room was amazing	
	Good Location and Far from the Madding Crowds	We wanted a convenient location and a comfortable hotel with good services with easy access to the strip, but didn't want 24/7 hustle and noise. The Platinum delivered exactly this. Its a high quality all suite hotel without a casino, and totally non-smoking. It has a very nice bar, good quality room service and a nice pool/restaurant but most of all very comfortable rooms.Overall a very comfortable place to be when you have had your fill of the noise, crowds, shows etc. An oasis of calm at the beginning end end of the day.Being one block back from the strip it is an easy, though uninspiring, walk but we mostly used the cheap and plentiful taxis arranged by the helpful valet staff. I don't think we waited more than a minute or so for the whole week.The strip view overlooks a couple of rather tatty lots, which in the day is a bit boring, but it all turns to fairyland at night. The pool is very nice and the Stir bar couldn't be more friendly. Concierge services were efficient and helpful and the 24/7 room service was prompt and with a wider range of food and drink.Overall a very pleasant base and a good place to unwind and relax with no real downside.	
	Wow fantastic hotel!!	Stayed Nov 24 -28, 2009, room 1515, facing the LV Strip. We were in town to visit relatives, so this wasn't a gaming trip. Fabulous room, very comfortable. Absolutely thick comforters and the heaviest bed cover I've ever felt - must've been 20 lbs!! Our bedroom had a straight shot view of the Bellagio Hotel fountains between the Paris and Bally Hotels. Cool view! Only glitches were a slow-draining shower and a malfunctioning room safe, both of which were very promptly addressed! Gotta watch out for the shower though - must angle the shower head into the corner to prevent all the water from coming out at the door (management may want to look into changing this - maybe shower curtain instead of the pretty glass door?). Huge 2 person spa tub - yeah! Only slight problem with the heat - even with the heat off, the room stayed a very warm 74 degrees. May just be effect of heat from all the other rooms heating up our room. Didn't feel like turning on A/C to cool the room. Very well appointed kitchen. Great valet staff! Wish I didn't have to pay $12.99 for 24 hours of internet use, but it was ok. I wish I'd had a chance to check out the very cool indoor/outdoor pool (heated too!). Nice fitness room too (management - make sure to have some extra headphones please - we were there 3 times, and all 3 times, there were just used headphones in the basket, no clean ones). Best thing was that we AND our 2 teenagers were happy - that's the best recommendation of all! Will definitely look at staying here again!	
	An Oasis of Tranquility and Graciousness in Las Vegas	This is a wonderful hotel, and would be a must-stay in any city. It is twice as lovely in Las Vegas because it provides such an oasis from the frenetic activity and cacophony of the city. Walking through the glass doors is the same as entering a sanctuary--the noise level diminishes, the well-appointed lobby is calming, and even the employees move at a slower, more tranquil pace than what you see outside. Everyone who works at the hotel has a truly gracious nature, and they have become like out-of-town friends to me, with their friendly greetings and their interest in my visit to Las Vegas. Gita Saval always has recommendations for entertainment and dining during my stay, and I know that Rebecca will leave no request of mine unattended, no matter how small. The rooms are so well-designed and comfortable, and I was the beneficiary of an upgrade at my last stay, and was able to experience the suite in #919, where the only difficulty I had was deciding which bedroom in which to sleep. I did not take advantage of the pool on my stay, but the view to the pool area from my room was almost better than being there. The evening image was both so romantic and exotic, with the fire pits and the soft pool lighting, that I felt I was looking at a scene from a Bedouin oasis. I could go on, but I will end with a most grateful thank you, for creating a space with such a serene, gracious, and Old World feel to it. I will be looking for any excuse, business or personal, to come back for a visit	
Nov 14 2009 	Excellent	Two mates and I spent 6 days at Platinum Spa, Vegas whilst attending SEMA car trade show at Convention Centre.  Hotel had been recommended by friends.  Excellent choice.  One block off main strip but walking distance to most attractions including nearby mono-rail.  Main attraction being totally non-smoking and no gaming machines.  Rooms very modern, spacious and comfortable.  Excellent view looking down Flamingo Road towards Las Vegas Blvde.  Staff very obliging.  Valet parking very prompt. ($2 tip) each recovery recommended.  In-house restaurant small but intimate and quiet next to bar area.  Pool area fantastic with both inside and out swimming.  Hot spa very relaxing.  Ample sun-baking chairs and towels.  Prompt waiter service outside also.	
Nov 10 2009 	Amazing Hotel	I recently returned from two nights at the Platinum Hotel &amp; Spa. It is a brief walk to The Strip but very quiet. It was a ladies week-end, and we loved every minute. The hotel room is amazing. We had a junior suite which had a complete kitchen, sitting area, bedroom and large bathroom, all for a reasonable price. I had a massage and express facial and both were fantastic. We also saw Cirque du Soleil's &quot;Love&quot; and really enjoyed it. The week-end went by too quickly. I will be back.	
Nov 4 2009 	Nice hotel but chargeable extras	Hotel is about a five minute walk from the strip. No casino and no smoking. Rooms were exceptionaly large and the balcony was nice. Shame about the green wall paint but all together a very nice room with a balcony overlooking the strip. The staff on the desk were generally very helpful.  On the negative side: The poolside beds were very dirty and stained and the $13 charge for a 24 hour wireless internet is cheap in this day and age. In addition, do not whatever you do use the hotel phone for international calls. My mobile stopped working and I had to get my credit card reactivated. For two five minute calls I was presented with a bill for $70+ (reduced to $40 when I expressed my surprise). So that is the reason for only a four rating. Shame because this could be an exceptional hotel for Vegas.	
Nov 3 2009 	So glad we stayed here!	We booked the Platinum with British Airways and got what we feel was a good price, on arrival there were no queues and we booked in with no problems. The suite we booked was the Princess with Strip view, we found the room very spacious and quite, it was well equiped with a TV in the lounge/kitchen and also in the bedroom, the bathroom was big with a double whirlpool bath. We found all the staff were really attentive and as we had complimentary breakfast coupons we used the restaurant most mornings, the food was very tasty and of good quality. The walk to the monorail was about 8 to 10 minutes the last leg was through Ballys. We purchased a $30 3 day pass for the Monorail and we thought that was reasonable value although we did do a lot of walking sometimes we just hopped on the monorail to visit another part of Las Vegas. All in all a very nice Hotel which is a little haven from the bustle of Vegas.Just one tip, do not use the adjacent AM/PM petrol station if you need anything as just next door there is a 7Eleven shop which has more choice and also cheaper.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Hotel...just a couple of glitches.	This was our first time to Las Vegas. We wanted a hotel off the strip yet close enough to walk to everything. After visiting all the mega casino/hotels we are glad we stayed here. No lines to check in, exclusive no smoking hotel, clean nicely furnished rooms, no tempting casino to sneak down to, to blow more money. Just a couple of issues. When we checked in we were given the solitaire suite instead of the princess suite. I didn't notice it at first when we entered the room. We were exhausted after the flight and took a nap. I then realized our room didn't have the washer and dryer or fireplace. I called down to the desk and was informed that Expedia indicated we rented the solitaire suite and was a bit rude. Luckily I had the printout of our reservation. Expedia called the manager and made sure we were given the room that we paid for. The princess suite is a much larger room with laundry facilities, and a huge flat screen TV in the living room. It has a better view of the strip from the balcony. Also the cleaning staff forgot to clean our room and our keys were deactivated for some reason. When we asked why the clerk told us they tried to contact us to see if we wanted our room cleaned. Wasn't sure what that was about, but we just asked for fresh towels. Other than that we were very satisfied. The valet staff is very friendly, we didn't find having an exclusive valet service a hassle. We rented a car because we wanted to tour the surrounding area especially Hoover Dam and Lake Mead just an hour ride away. Also Vegas is very easy to navigate. However traffic is horrible. We didn't use the monorail but we checked the prices and they are high. They are doing road construction everywhere. At 9:00 PM every night the barricades go up to restrict traffic lanes. Traffic backs up even at midnight. They are also doing construction at the power station right across the street and start up the pile drivers at 7:00 AM. Luckily the rooms are pretty sound proof but if you wanted to sit out on the balcony you needed ear protection. We saved a ton of money fixing our own meals. There are several grocery chains in Vegas and the ever present Walmart to stock up on groceries and liquor. The kitchen has all the essentials except pots and pans which are available but you need to ask for them. We didn't use the pool because Vegas had a record cold snap during our stay. We did use the workout room which has a lot of modern cardio equipment, but the weight stations were awkward and confusing to operate. If we ever go back to Vegas again we will be sure to stay here.	
Oct 30 2009 	Exceeded my expectations great staff great room will come back	Great stay. Matt at the front deck was very helpful and also upgraded our room when we arrived. Thanks Matt. Also very helpful were Joel, Christian at the bar and Barbara who cleaned our room, I will definately stay again in the future.	
Oct 29 2009 	Wonderful slightly off-strip but within walking distance resort hotel	This hotel was a really good choice. We traveled there for a wedding a few weeks ago. The rooms were amazing, with a jacuzzi tub and separate shower in each bathroom. Full kitchen with all utensils was also part of the room. The staff was nice and inviting and available for any request. The only problem I had was the noise from the construction going on the Strip with the new residence towers being built.	
Oct 28 2009 	Huge rooms excellent service and just WOW all non-smoking!	From the very beginning the trip was set off right with arriving in our huge room with fully stocked kitchen, living room, balcony, bedroom with space for suitcases all over the floor and a bathroom bigger then at home!! The room was perfect and so was the view. We ate breakfast at Kil@wat Friday and Sunday, the food and service was very good (once inside/once outside by the indoor/outdoor pool overlooking the strip).Friday we attended a wedding on the 17th floor (roof top overlooking the lights of the strip). Everything went off very well and the food was Excellent! You could cut your steak a fork and the dessert hit the spot. I didn’t know what to expect with about 40 people in attendance but everything was hot and good. Of course dancing on the roof top was a perfect ending. The Spa is a perfect get away in the middle of Vegas! Nothing like getting your toes done after all of that walking.This hotel is great and it is just a across one street and you are at Bally's. There is also a lounge on the first floor that had great service and snacks at night!!!Can't wait to come back!!!	
Oct 27 2009 	Las Vegas does not have to leave you feeling like a loser	Beautiful large rooms with full kitchen, living room and bedroom, balcony with view of The Strip.Spent 5 days here and it was very relaxing and the staff were all very helpful with setting up sightseeing tours to scheduling spa treatments ( what a wonderful experience in a relaxing atmosphere ) in a fast paced town like Las Vegas. We enjoyed breakfast pool side in the morning with the newspaper the food was excellent and reasonably price.We may not have been big winners in the casinos but at the Platinum we felt like we were.Thanks for a great time.	
Oct 26 2009 	Perfect Choice!	This is a great hotel. Close to the strip (our room had a view of it from the balcony). Loved having a kitchen, sitting area and seperate bedroom. Awesome price, clean updated rooms...highly recommended! Also, there's a 7-11 right out front if you want to pick up any drinks or munchies. We're going back next weekend with some other friends and this time I'm going to try the spa. Do yourself a favor and book this hotel.	
Oct 23 2009	More than I expected - what you see is truly what you get	I planned a wedding at Ceasar's Palace for my sister. I had a hard time finding a hotel that met the accomodations we were looking for and had an easy process to set up the reservations. (I was setting up 7 rooms/all different types/paying on 1 CC) I can honestly say that my experience at this hotel was phenomenal. The rooms are outstanding - they come with everything you could think of! The spa tub fits 2 easily! the bathroom is enormous and I'm jealous of the kitchen! Plus, there's no casino so it's quiet and very relaxing. I have definitely found a new favorite place to stay in Vegas! The only thing I would be wary of is using a debit card for incidentals...we checked out on Sunday, it's Friday and I still haven't gotten the $200 back. :o(	
Oct 19 2009 	Good value - needs just a few tweaks to be great!	Spent 3 nights at the Platinum Hotel with my wife to be. All things being equal, this hotel is a great value for the money (paid $109/night, Friday - Monday). We come to Las Vegas 6 or 7 times per year. Until now we have always stayed at a different hotel every time we have come. Well, we think we have found our home away from home at the Platinum Hotel. Highlights; room was clean, quiet, and comfortable. Our room had a nice view of The Strip from the balcony and a very convenient full kitchen. Lowlights; dirty carpets in the lobby and common areas, as well as in the elevator. S-L-O-W Internet access ($12.99/day) with a measured up/down speed 0.5 Mb/s. Difficult to imagine a better value in Las Vegas.	
Oct 9 2009 	AN OASIS	My wife and I with our 8 year old grandson spent 4 days at the Platinum. We had been on the go sightseeing, Hoover dam, Lake Mead paddle boat,Red Rock canyon,Hughes ranch, Mt Charleston,etc.It certainly was great to return to our(smokefree) hotel each day and enjoy the peace and quiet . The room(suite) was huge,clean and airy. It had a stove, Frig., microwave,2 LCD tv,s ,spa tub and separate shower with a fantastic shower head with instant hot water. We had breakfast at the hotel 3 days and the food was fresh and good as was the service. We all had a great time in Vegas area.We plan on returning to Vegas and from now on we will always stay at the Platinum. It is in easy walking distance to the strip.	
Oct 9 2009 	A peaceful place to get away from the craziness of the strip	My friend and I recently spent the weekend in Vegas at the Platinum. It was my first time staying off of the strip and it certainly won't be my last. Either a short walk or a shorter cab ride away from the hustle and bustle of the busy Las Vegas Strip, this hotel was like a sanctuary to come back to each night. One of my favorite parts was not having to walk 15 minutes through a crowded casino full of annoying slot sounds to get in/out of our room. Also, having a full kitchen at our disposal saved a ton of money and it was refreshing not to be forced to eat out for every meal. The rooms were very clean and spacious. It was handy having an MP3 dock also. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We didn't get a chance to visit any of the restaurants or pool, but we did take a look at them and hopefully next time we'll be able to fit them in. Overall, it was a fantastic experience and I hope to return in the near future!	
Oct 8 2009 	Spacious clean comfy wonderful staff.	We spent three nights here in January to celebrate my birthday. The room was spacious with a beautiful bathroom, full kitchen, living room and bedroom. Everything was clean, clean, clean and comfy. The jetted tub was roomy and the bathroom had a separate stall shower. Dual sinks were nice.The staff was fabulous. They sent up chocolate covered strawberries and champagne for my birthday upon our arrival. We only ate once in the restaurant on the premises, but the meal was wonderful and the service was excellent. It was better than i expect hotel food to be. The location was fine...a block back from the strip behind Bally's.	
Sep 30 2009 	Excellent Location Great Value	We just got back from a 4 night stay at the Platinum Hotel and Spa and I can't say enough good things about. We booked our room directly through an owner on VRBO.com and got a great deal on a 4th floor unit overlooking the mountains for an average of $100 a night. Definitely check the VRBO site for deals that the various owners may be having. Our room was basically a one bedroom apartment with the bedroom having 2 queen size beds; the living room area had a large sleeper sofa. The room was clean and modern with all the standard amenities. The bathroom was probably the largest I've ever seen for a hotel/condo; the tub could easily fit 4 people. Towels and toiletries are provided but not replenished unless you request them at no charge. There is a charge, however, if you want your room cleaned daily. We paid a cleaning fee upon checking out. The hotel itself was also new and modern with all the bells and whistles. STIR Lounge is located on the first floor adjacent to the lobby. There's also a spa located on the 4th floor and the very large outdoor pool area with hot tub is located on the 5th floor overlooking the Strip. There is also Kilowat Restaurant located on the 5th floor next to the pool. This property is a non-gaming, non-smoking establishment and it was nice to be able to get away from the crowds on the Strip. Parking is valet only but the valet staff were very friendly and efficient at all hours of the day or night; just remember to keep some cash handy to tip them for bringing your car around. There is a bit of road construction going on in the area so plan accordingly if you are driving to the various casinos, etc. The Strip is only a block away but the distances can be deceiving: it's definitely within walking distance and you tend to do a lot of walking in Vegas anyway, so.....Anyway we usually drove to one part of the Strip or another and parked at a casino and walked around the area.	
Sep 26 2009 	Best Hotel in Vegas	We stayed in the Platinum for the last 3 nights of our trip. When we checked in we were given an upgrade to a Princess Suite on the 15th floor overlooking the Strip (we had booked a Solitaire Suite). The suite contained everything you could possibly need - a full kitchen and a lovely bathroom. It was great to sit on the balcony of an evening having a drink and watch the lights of the Strip. When using the valet parking, Christina was extremely friendly and most helpful and always had a smile. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Sep 22 2009 	A home away from home! Would go back today if I could!	Okay, I'm having more trouble with this site than anything! I wrote one review then the site froze so, I'm writing a SECOND one! To get to the point, the Platinum Hotel and Spa is an absolute WONDER! My family and I had the best time there this past weekend (9/17 - 9/20) and we'll definitely be staying there again! Not only were the rooms huge &amp; comfortable, it was wonderful being away from the chaos and craziness of the Strip. We read so many negative &amp; positive reviews here that we didn't know what to expect but, it was everything we could have hoped for and more! The non-smoking, non-gaming environment was perfect for my sister who is highly allergic. We didn't spend a lot of time inside the casino's but, it was still nice to return to a clean place to relax and sleep! The Valet staff were a DREAM! They helped us take apart the motorized scooter that we rented for my mom &amp; get it in &amp; out of our rental car. By the end of our stay, they knew us all by name. They even gave us tips on places to eat &amp; party and provided great directions to the outlet malls, etc. There was a bit of confusion @ check-in but, it was quickly resolved. At one point, we realized our suite door wasn't locking but, after a call to the front desk, a technician quickly arrived to repair it. Initially, he thought he would be able to reset the lock but, after realizing he couldn't, he simply installed a new one. The whole problem was solved in no more than 15 minutes. The food at the 5th floor restaurant was great with such large portions that I brought 1/2 of my pancakes home. They were even better the 2nd day! The staff were helpful and had great meal suggestions. The view of the pool and Strip from the floor-to-ceiling windows was fabulous! One final positive thing, I originally reserved a Marquis Suite for (6) girls but, when (2) dropped out, we downsized to a Princess Suite with strip view. Even though the Princess was beautiful &amp; spacious, we were still curious about the Marquis so, I asked the Front Desk about taking a peek at one. They graciously made us a temporary key so that we could check things out and man, did we get a treat! That room is incredibly HUGE! Our only disappointment was that we weren't staying there! lol.... Be aware, there is quite a bit of construction going on but, it's nothing to cry about! Just plan to leave a little earlier on your outings or just park the car and walk. Buses &amp; the tram are still running. Overall, our trip was AWESOME and we WILL be staying at the Platinum again!	
Sep 19 2009 	The Best	Stayed here for 4 nights August/September &amp; had a great time. Wanted somewhere we could relax for a few days before heading off on a week long road trip &amp; this place suited us perfectly. Fantastic suite, with kitchen, bathroom (inc. jacussi) bedroom, living room with plasma tv &amp; balcony looking onto the strip. Great pool area, also with views looking towards the strip. Very good gym. The kitchen meant that we could stay in for meals if we couldn't be bothered with the heat &amp; madness of the strip. There is a 7 eleven right next to the hotel. It's only about a ten minute walk to the centre of the strip (Bellagio/Ceasers/Flamingo area). Very freindly &amp; professional service &amp; fantastic value for money. Real luxury at an affordable price.	
Sep 12 2009 	Best Hotel in Town / Great Value-for-Money	Stayed there for three nights - Superb location, huge, modern rooms, well designed, no chaos in the lobby (no casino), very friendly staff. Go there!	
Sep 10 2009 	Probably the best value hotel in Vegas. Very relaxing too.	This was my first trip to Vegas with 3 friends - 2 of them payed £100 each more for the week and stayed at the Mirage (the muppets). Our stay couldn't have been much better. We had come to Vegas to party and play poker and the hotel was perfect for the times when we wanted to relax. The rooms are basically apartments. We stayed in a standard twin room - 2x comfy queen beds, large bathroom with shower and jacuzzi/hot tub and 2 sinks, FULLY fitted kitchen with American fridge freezer (it even has crushed ice for your home made mojitos), utensils etc., 2 TVs, double sofa-bed, Bose cd/radio... plus more! The view from our balcony caught the stunning sunrise over the mountains. Strip views are available too I believe. There are 24/7 shops nearby if you want some food to cook or beer to keep in the fridge. The only annoyances with the room was the balcony floor was dirty and blackened my feet though that was cleaned after a phone call to reception. The other is fairly minor - the coffee and tea on offer in the room was terrible. Tea in Vegas full stop is terrible. The bar is pleasant. Good selection of spirits, beer and wine plus there's happy hour 5-7pm daily. Bar food is OK for the happy hour price but wouldn't want to pay full price. Bartenders were great - knowledgable about the city and very friendly. There is a spa but neither of us got a chance to go plus it was closed Mon-Wed though that might be an off-season thing. Winter months and Easter are the busiest times in Vegas we were told. the first weekend of Septmber was &quot;labor day weekend&quot; where people flood to the city to party - be aware prices on restaurants and clubs tend to go up. The Bellagio breakfast buffet was double the price at $30. The gym at the Platinum is well equipped and FREE. A word not often associated with Vegas. A manager of the hotel sorted us out with a great deal for Pure nightclub at Caesar's Palace, which happens every Tuesday and is rammed. We got a booth and a buy one get one free offer on bottle serves. One of the funnest and drunkest nights I've had (and I'm a bartender!). The hotel is no smoking and casino free, which means it has 2 massive appeals over places like the superhotels Caesar's, MGM, Mirage, Bellagio etc. No stinking of smoke and no 10 minute walk past the slot machines when you forget your camera from your room. The big casino hotels, though pretty awesome, are mazes and can be a pain to walk around in. The pool at the Platinum is a bit lame but there's nothing stopping you from going to another hotel's pool. I didn't come to Vegas to swim seeing as it's in the desert. $20 is ample for a taxi from the airport and the monorail station at Bally's is just a few minutes walk away. It is highly unlikely I will stay anywhere else on my next visit to Sin City next Easter (2010). One of the best hotels I've stayed in. Luxurious, comfortable and convenient.	
Sep 9 2009 	No competition for The Signature	Lovely hotel but many issues keep it from being a serious competitor to The Signature/MGM (another non-smoking, suites-type, non-gaming property). CONSPUBLIC Areas: Grubby carpets inside the elevators &amp; in the elevator &quot;lobby&quot; on several floors - the carpets needed cleaning and the hallways really needed vacuuming; almost all the chaise cushions at the pool have ugly stains; the driveway entrance can only be approached Eastbound on Flamingo due to construction as concrete bollards block the center line of East Flamingo; Driveway is not as nice an approach as The Sig which is set back from Harmon &amp; is more private &amp; quiet: The Platinum driveway right off Flamingo &amp; is cramped, with space for only 2 or 3 cars at a time. It is often very tight jockeying the valet cars &amp; taxis in this small area.THE ROOM: Many, many issues and it became very tiring to constantly call to have problems addressed. The air conditioning did not work (yes we had the room key in the slot). It stopped working twice in the middle of the night when that day had reached 108! We asked to be moved to another room which only occurred after visits from the repairman, then 2 calls to request a different room. Housekeeping definitely needs to be improved as there were hairs many places: on the sink, in the tub, in jacuzzi jets, between the dish plates in the cupboard! Really! The carpets were not vacuumed nor were the floors mopped during our entire 5 day stay. Always something was omitted each day: fresh towels, shampoo, conditioner, dish washer soap,paper towels, laundry soap, dryer sheets (yes there is a washer/dryer in the unit - which The Sig does not have). One day housekeeping did not clean our room at all. Batteries were dead in the TV remote. Everyday it was something- we just got tired of doing their quality control for them, especially when the front desk often did not answer the phone. Then there is the design of the room: only 3 lamps with dim CFC bulbs in the bedroom and living room. Very difficult to read/see in the evening. There are no ceiling lights in either of these rooms. Lighting in bathroom is also poor. Also if one has a shy bladder the &quot;privy&quot; is not private, its not in its own room, like The Sig. So...when at The Sig, one has privacy when using the toilet &amp; someone could be using the sink/tub. OKAY the PLUSES;The Platinum does have washer/dryer combo. The hotel is closer to the center of the Strip and is about half a mile to the Bellagio &amp; Caesar's. Price - we paid around $135 was a good value versus $219 (then add their $20/nt + tax &quot;resort&quot; fee) at The Sig. We found the valet to be very quick as we called from our room to request our car. We never waited more than 1 minute for our car to arrive once we descended to the lobby. The valet staff were excellent. The happy hour is very good value: 1/2 off well drinks, 1/2 off appetizers ($3.50 for a good size of chicken tenders w/fries, or 8&quot; pizza). The barista does generous pours and we would return the Stir bar even if staying elsewhere. The bar is sophisticated and intimate with comfy chairs &amp; tables, even a nook with more privacy. It is definitely better value that The Sig. The Sig's bar seems more like an after thought, set off a central hallway &amp; their small drinks are expensive. The Platinum's Fitness Center on the 4th floor is very good (not as nice/equipped as The Sig) and we usually had it all to ourselves. Twelve machines (ellipses, treadmills, Gauntlet, bikes, Stairmasters), plus weight machines and a small selection of free weights. The bottom line is we saved about $300 by staying at The Platinum. But if The Sig had been offering a Stay 3 nights, Get 1 Free promotion - we'd have gone with the The Sig. Even with all the room &amp; housekeeping issues, we just kept reminding ourselves of the $300 savings. Would we return? ....it depends on the price.	
Sep 3 2009 	would do it again...	This was a wonderful place to stay. Can't tell you how big our one bedroom was and was really taken back by the size of the bathroom. The room was very clean and well taken care of, the bed was really comfy and a welcome site after days of walking and shopping. We were one block off the strip and very happy with the location right behind Bally's. . We ate twice in the resturant and enjoyed the food and good service. Nothing to complain about here and would stay again.	
Aug 31 2009 	Best hotel in Las Vegas!	Superb location, huge rooms Great value for money..but the best bit was the friendliness and helpfullness of the staff! Not your usual Vegas hotel!	
Aug 21 2009 	We'll be back! Loved the room service and freebies!	We stayed at the Platinum after having stayed one night at the Las Vegas Hilton - the Hilton was HORRIBLE and we booked the Platinum for the remainder of our conference stay after the first night. The room we had was $99/night and it was worth every penny! Ours was the smallest of the room choices - a big 1 bedroom suite with 2 queen beds. It was perfect! For a family looking to save a little money or with small children or for a business traveler who doesn't always like to eat out, a room like this with a FULL kitchen is ideal. Full size appliances - and nice ones at that ! In-room ICE!!! Our only complaint here was no pots/pans are stocked - you have to request them, and no cleaning supplies provided (i.e. no dish soap, kitchen linens, dishwasher detergent). I'm sure the missing items were readily available with a phone call but it seems like they should be already there in a full kitchen suite. Plates, glasses, bowls, cups, and silverware were stocked.The room was huge! Plenty of space and we loved how it felt like a little apartment instead of a hotel with the rooms clearly defined. Gigantic jetted tub in the bathroom and nice size shower - plenty of space at double sink vanity. Lots of storage with 2 separate closets. Living room furniture was comfy and plenty of seating there and at the kitchen bar. We were a little disappointed with the condition of the carpets/floors. Our room's carpet was stained and damaged and I didn't think it had been vacuumed adequately in the living area. There was also some areas on the tile in the kitchen and bathroom that could have been cleaned better. Overall, the room was cleaner than average.Beds were nicely made, with a variety of bedding to suite many needs, and they were actually comfortable. The small balcony with a table and chairs was nice but our stay was at the wrong season to make any use of it other than a quick peek around. We loved the pool! Our midweek stay allowed us to have the pool to ourselves at times! And we loved that it was partly indoors and partly outdoors so you could escape the sun but still play in the water. It was very clean and our only disappointment here was the lack of a warm water shower for rinsing off - even if 100+ degree weather a cold shower is too much!Yes, this hotel is slightly off the strip. It has no casino. It has valet parking only. We actually liked these aspects. The monorail station at Bally's is about 5 minutes walk and considering the usual walking people do in Las Vegas, the strip was an easy walk from the front doors of the Platinum.The staff was very nice - from the valets to the front desk and even the service staff. We really enjoyed our stay and will definitely be back! (Oh yeah - our reservation included FREE wireless internet access AND late 2pm checkout!!! That is a HUGE plus!!)	
Aug 12 2009 	Great Hotel but don't eat at the restuarant	I am a returning customer. Great check in, huge, nice rooms with full kitchen, living area, bedroom and bath. Quite hotel off strip, but only a 3 block walk to strip. Little casino wth lower limits and great homemade beer next store (Ellis Island).My only complaints are:1. The pool area is all shade until the sun peeks over the bldg at 10:45am. By that time, they day is very hot. I wish the sun was out earlier when cooler.2. Bad service at restuarant. we ate poolside at 11:00am for lunch. We were the only diners at this time. We alerted a waiter to wait on us. He came out and took our drink order, came back 15 minutes later to take our order, came out 10 minutes later and said they just ran out of tuna (I ordered the tuna salad), and reconmended that I order the Apple Salad with chicken. I did, and received a salad about the size of a dinner salad with 5 small cubes of chicken, lettuce, dressing, candied pecans. Where were the apples? Oh well, I didn't send it back. He didn't check on us and came back with the bill. We added two orders of bread pudding. Our ticket was $39 for diet coke, smoothie, 1/2 sand/soup combo, apple salad, 2 bread puddings. Way over priced. The bread pudding was simply a chocochip muffin with cream sauce poured over it. Great location, Great hotel, Poor food service and the food is overpriced. Eat next door at Ellis Island. Great diner, low low cost, or walk 3 blks to strip and get better food and service.	
Aug 11 2009 	Awesome Awesome Awesome!	Just wanted to say we just recently returned from a very relaxing, and nice time from our stay at the Platinum hotel and Spa for 4 days/3 nights, July 28-July 31. My family consisted of myself, my spouse and my 3 children. We had stayed at the Platinum a few times, but recently in April 2009 which was a nice stay, but we did have a small issue with the communication and understanding of the incidental deposit charge. (Make sure you have $100/night set aside on your credit card for the deposit-most hotels/resorts with nice rooms do charge about this amount). I spoke to one of the managers about the issue, and after a detailed survey, was graciously re-invited back to the Platinum with a comp night stay. Also, depending on availability, it's possible to get a comp upgrade. It appeared to me that the management here does stand behind the value of customer satisfaction.The hotel has valet parking in which the attendants provide nice personable service, &amp; if you stay long enough they really know you by name, which is always nice. Just make sure to have a dollar or so for a tip here-and-there (unless you hit the big bucks!). On several occasions, the clerks at the Front Desk have accommodated ALL of my requests. Our 1st night, we stayed in a Solitaire Ste &amp; had addtl reservations to change to the Princess Ste. At check in, Juan had pre-arranged a smooth transition to change rooms ahead of time. We turned in the keys from the Solitaire room &amp; Eva gave us the new keys for the Princess Ste with prompt bellhop service without having to leave the hotel for hours and return at the next check-in time. Awesome service!We haven't had the experience at the lounge or the restaurant yet, but definitely made good use of the full kitchen with everything, except antibacterial liquid. We even used the washer and dryer this time (in the Princess Ste). Loved the fact that dad &amp; the kids had their own areas to sleep in (sep by a door) and their own t.v. The pool was excellent! The temperature was great, and my kids loved going back and forth from the outdoor side, to the indoor side. We even stayed to the new extended hours, 11pm.Using the huge jacuzzi tub (fits 2 adults) in the large dbl-sink bathroom the next day was a treat. Room service even brought us extra towels and bedding at almost 8pm at night. We all loved the views from the balcony. Even though it was hot in July, it was still so nice to just stand out there and see the lights and feel the atmosphere from out on the balcony, especially from the 9th to the 17th floor. On our way out, I was able to meet with the manager and thanked her for a GREAT stay, and she even did a restaurant search for us and provided us with a print out of directions.Much thanks to Claire and her team at the Platinum. They really did it for us this year. They enhanced our stay which was uplifting during these hard times in 2009. This is our top pick for Las Vegas, and we'll definitely be back.A.P.	
Aug 11 2009 	A Sanctuary from Hell	My wife and I recently stayed at the Platinum to celebrate our anniversary. While we were very impressed with the reviews we had seen and the descriptions on their website, this hotel fell far short of all our expectations. We booked the together forever package which was to include our suite, a couples massage, chocolate covered strawberries and wine, and breakfast in the morning.Upon arriving to the hotel to check in after requesting a king sized bed we were told by the woman at the front desk that rooms type are not a guaranteed and are just a request. If we wanted we could upgrade to a higher floor for additional money and she could get us a king sized bed, otherwise we would have to take the two queens. We went ahead and paid the additional $20 for the upgraded room on the higher floor which ended up having a view of the power plant across the street.After requesting at check-in that the strawberries and wine be sent up to the room, and being told they would arrive shortly, they finally arrived a mere one hour later. We then attempted to book our couples massage in the spa for that evening only to find out that 1) they cannot accommodate two massages at the same time (no staff), we had to book one after the other and 2) the spa was already closed for the night (6pm) and we would have to wait until the next day if we wanted to get our massages.We decided to try and salvage our already losing battle to celebrate our anniversary by heading over to the strip and have a romantic dinner and take in a few sights. We had an exceptional dinner at Three Olives inside Bellagio (A+++) and greatly enjoyed the fountains and our trip up the Eiffel Tower. This was without a doubt the best part of our stay, being outside of the hotel!However, upon returning to the hotel we were amazed by the number of kids in the lobby and inquired as to who else was in the hotel. We were told a bunch of sports teams were in for the weekend. Throughout the night we continually heard kids up and down the hallway bouncing balls, making lots of noise and making it absolutely unbearable to sleep. We called the front desk several times to report the noise and were told that they would send someone up, however it never ended and it was a horrible night.The next morning tired and hungry we headed to the restaurant to have breakfast. The service in the restaurant is an absolute joke. We ordered and saw our server once to drop off the juice, after that we waited for almost 30 minutes before I finally got up to ask were our food was. The restaurant wasn't even that busy maybe 10 to 15 others in there as well. I was told it would be right out, however, it still took another 10 minutes before we were served. The food was only luke warm and I was just ready to go home.My wife suggested that we just pack up and head home as who only knew what would happen if we went for our massages and since we couldn't have our &quot;couples massage&quot; together it really wasn't worth all the hassle.We went to the front desk to check out and had been told by the woman at check-in to charge everything to the room and all would be taken care of. But to our surprise when we looked over the bill our credit card and already been charged for the strawberries, wine and breakfast. The woman at the desk quickly removed the charges from our card and told us the systems had posted them in error.We just received our credit card statement in the mail and the charge which was supposedly removed for the services has now reappeared on our card. I called the hotel several times last week and tried to speak with someone in accounting as the front desk manager said she could not remove the charges from our card and I still have yet to hear back after leaving three messages for some woman that never seems to be available.In all for the amount of money we spent to have an enjoyable anniversary in a nice off strip hotel we are now wishing we had just booked at a lower rate at one of the mega resorts and called it even. We would absolutely not recommend this hotel to anyone as the service level is well below where it should be for the price paid and all the extra hassles are just not worth it. I don’t know who’s in charge of this place but it would do them good to take in a good dose of their own customer service and learn from it. Needless to say we will not be returning to the Platinum any time soon and who knows when well hear about the credit card issue!	
Aug 6 2009 	Classy Clean and Huge Rooms!	My wife and I decided to stay at the Platinum due to its' high ratings on TA. I was a little skeptical at first because it is a non-gaming hotel. I was pleasantly surprised and it definitely lived up to the high ratings. This hotel is exceptional, and I guarantee you will not be disappointed staying here. It is about a 5 minute walk to the Bally's 4 corners, so you still feel as if you're staying on the strip, but far enough to get a break from the crowds. By far the cleanest hotel that we have ever stayed at, and the rooms are huge! I think the suites at Platinum could qualify as apartments in Las Vegas. Each suite has a full kitchen, dining area, living room, separate bedroom, and the bathroom is humongous. The service at Platinum is outstanding. We arrived before check-in time and our room was not ready. We decided to wait in the lounge until it was ready. Unfortunately the bar was not open yet, but the bartender who was preparing to open made an exception and served us while we waited. My wife and I were treated as VIP clients as we waited for our room. I love the loud, smokey, action packed casinos as much as anyone. But it was very nice to stay at the Platinum to get a nice break from the casino environment when it was time to get some sleep. Very quiet and relaxing place to stay. My wife and I have been to Las Vegas about a dozen times, and staying at the Platinum was the best choice that we ever made.	
Aug 2 2009 	Another wonderful stay at the Platinum	Stayed at the Platinum for the third time in June and had another great trip. The spacious rooms and full kitchens are a huge bonus when staying at the Platinum. You just can't get a room that spacious on the Strip. We loved having the fridge to store drinks and leftovers. The location of the hotel is right off the center of the Strip. The first time we stayed at the Platinum we were worried about the walk to the Strip, but the key is to walk into Bally's sports book section and from there you can walk through Bally's to the Strip and everything Vegas has to offer.LOVED the pool at the Platinum. We never had a problem getting a great spot at the pool, and it offered a very relaxing environment. The food that was available at the pool was also fabulous, great spot to enjoy lunch. The pool at the Platinum was a wonderful break from the hustle and bustle of the Strip.Another great feature of the Platinum is that it's located next to a wonderful hidden gem of Vegas: Ellis Island. This restaurant/casino looked a little skechy from the outside, but after many trips, we have decided it is one of the best food values in Vegas. They have a bbq deal where you can get full slab of ribs for under $15 and then they have $1.50 beers all the time! We also discovered the pizzeria takeout portion of Ellis and was able to bring back a great dinner (great value) to enjoy at the hotel. Overall, great service, convenient location, relaxed atmosphere, and fun times at the Platinum once again!	
Aug 2 2009 	What a great place!	I stayed here recently, and all I can say is wow. This place was definitely a great escape. It's the perfect balance of traditional Las Vegas and your everyday vacation. During the day, we were able to walk to the Strip (take advantage of going through Ballys on hot days), and if we wanted to, we were far enough away that the commotion wasn't even heard. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a mix of all the Las Vegas has to offer. Clean rooms, friendliest staff, and a pool with an amazing view.	
Aug 2 2009	Yet another fantastic time at The Platinum...	The Platinum Hotel was once again a great stay! This was our second visit to this property and it was just as great as the first time. We are officially calling this our home away from home. We spent the entire time on the property. Service was excellent from entry to Kilowat restaurant to security. Valet and bell hops aim to please. We love The Platinum! Looking forward to our visit in October...this time we'll be checking out the Spa Facilities. Thank you to Eva, Matt, Jessica, Stir Staff, Chris @ security, Alex (whom promptly fixed our AC) and countless others for providing such wonderful service each and everytime we visit!	
Jul 20 2009 	The best hotel for family with young kids	It is the best place to stay in vegas without noisy slot machine and lound music when you are traveling with young kids. The room is super clean and big than regular hotel room. You can also cook in fully equiped kichen when you do not want eat out. It is a perfect place for your family.	
Jul 19 2009 	Excellent stay at the Platinum!	I searched for two weeks for a room for one night in Vegas. I am very picky. I had it narrowed down. I decided upon the Platinum. Got a great AAA rate. We arrived at the hotel and were greeted, had the door opened, and checked in with ease. We were assigned a room on the 14th floor. NO words to describe what a wonderful room we had. Not really a room..size of a 1 bedroom apartment. Beautiful kitchen. A WOW bathroom..huge jacuzzi tub and double sinks. The bed is wonderful. I did search under the sheets and try and find who made it. The restaurant on the 5th floor had a wonderful and inexpensive breakfast. But overall the hotel is quiet. I liked the Platinum so much came back and booked again for the near future.	
Jul 17 2009 	Cleanest hotel in Vegas	I love this place! We stayed at one of the Marquise suites with a view of the strip and the indoor/outdoor pool. The room was awesome. I was very impressed on how clean the suite and hotel were. It is a non-smoking hotel, which I love!!!! We didn't worry about smelling like smoke all day. The staff were also very friendly. I will definately stay at the Platinum on my next Vegas trip.	
Jul 16 2009 	Fabulous Stay!	When searching for a place to stay in Vegas, I'm always looking for the hidden gem. This is definetely that! I don't like cigarette smoke, so my number 1 priority when booking a room, is that it is non-smoking. The Platinum hotel is an all-suite, non-smoking hotel (I LOVE that). No walking around the hotel smelling like an ashtray. The hotel is about a block from the strip, not sure how long it would take you to get to the strip on foot (it's July &amp; waaaaay to hot to be walking in the daytime). We caught a taxi everywhere we went (mainly because we were all drinking) &amp; the average price for the 4 of us was $8. All of the places we went to were on the strip. We didn't eat at the restaurant, per say. We ordered food from the restaurant and ate it in the lounge. It was pretty good. I'm not sure of the restaurant hours, but there isn't room service after a certain hour, so if you're coming back from partying somewhere, you may want to pick up something to eat or eat out. There aren't any restaurants within walking distance (well, there is one at the Ellis Island Hotel, but I wouldn't recommend it. We didn't feel safe in there at all). There is a 7-11 &amp; AM/PM close by. We had a great time at the Stir Lounge! Dante &amp; Raul are very sweet &amp; they make sure you are always taken care of. It's not a big lounge, but thats ok. I'm all about low-key &amp; relaxing. If you're looking for the night club experience, you won't find it here.We didnt' use the pool, but it does look very nice. It wasn't ever too crowded (our balcony overlooked the pool). Very nice gentleman named Julian helped us with our luggage &amp; showed us to our room. We stayed in the Marquise Suite. It is a humongous room, plenty of space for the 4 of us. It has 2 master suites with very large bathrooms. The spa tub is amazing! The kitchen is huge in this room, it's bigger than the kitchen in my house. We had an ice maker, so we didn't need to go run for ice. We also had a washer &amp; dryer, which came in handy after hanging out in the Palms Casino (smokey). Dining room &amp; living room are also very large, which made a great place for us to hang out. My only two minor complaints about this hotel would be that housekeeping didn't clean the room very well. We found some Cheetos left in the couch by the previous room occupants. Also, the surrounding neighborhood isn't quite as pretty as the strip, but really that's ok. I like the comforts that the hotel has to offer, and I'm sure by the time I go back, all the empty lots surrounding the hotel will be filled with some other hotel.We really loved this place &amp; can't wait for our next stay!Thank you Julian, Dante &amp; Raul! You guys are the best!	
Jul 13 2009 	Live like a Celebrity on a budget!	We stayed 3 night's over the July 4th weekend. No line ups at check in or for valet parking. Friendly staff always opening doors etc. The building and decor is very modern and sleek. The room is like a mega sized condo with all amenities. We were on 11th floor with great views of all the fireworks around Vegas. Pool needs some palm trees/plants but has comfy loungers. It is a bit of a walk to the Strip but we cut through Bally's on the moving sidewalks. I agree you could never get a room this nice and quiet with a balcony on the strip for just over $100!! Would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 2 2009 	We Love this Hotel	This is our second stay at the Platinum; the first was our wedding last year and both stays were wonderful. Having stayed in at least a half dozen casino hotel rooms this hotel is a nice change. Huge Rooms with full kitchens, a huge whirlpool tub, even a washer and dryer that was nice to fluff our clothes. It is quite, clean, and the beds are comfortable. Our rate was well under $200 a night on a weekend with a patio and view of the strip. My husband and I both discussed that although it would be nice to be on the strip you couldn't find a room this nice for the price. Believe me, I have spent hours online looking for a room with at least a mini-fridge and a large tub and they aren't cheap. It is a short walk to Bally's and Flamingo is a main road so there are always other people out and about and you feel safe. Parking is valet only so be prepared to tip; we only left the hotel twice by car and since most of the casinos have parking decks we were able to plan our activities where we would be out and about for a while. The only people I would not recommend this hotel to are those that want to be in the middle of the action 24/7.	
Jun 22 2009 	Recommendation	We stayed here for 2 nights recently and would highly recommend the hotel. The hotel is very clean with good spacious suites. The staff were all very friendly especially Dante at the bar. It was also our wedding anniversary and they very kindly left a bottle of bubbly and chocolate strawberries for us in the room which was very nice indeed. The hotel is a ten minute walk to the Strip. The pool area is really nice as well and not at all busy. Most of all the hotel is very quiet..we didn't hear any other guests at all, which is a nice plus amid the Vegas chaos! We got a recommendation to eat at Battista, an Italian nearby,but I would not recommend this..very poor, overpriced food. We ate brunch at the Tableau restaurant in the Wynn which was very tasty with excellent service.We also had a really good meal at Mon Ami Gabi in the Paris Hotel. Have fun!	
Jun 21 2009 	Meh.	Only 2 things stick out when I think of this hotel: They were nice enough to let us check in early in the morning and the bathtub was pretty big. Other than that this place is not so great. I read some of the &quot;excellent&quot; ratings which made me think that this was the place for me. Not so much it seems.Their service is pretty poor. I've been in hotel management so I know how a good place should run. First off the front desk failed to acknowledge that we were celebrating an anniversary. If I saw that in the reservation notes I would have at least brought it up or offered something small but meaningful like free breakfast. They always seem to have a skeleton crew. There were sometimes I would be in the lobby and nobody was manning the bell stand or front desk. I called the resort a few times and almost every time I did they'd put me on hold for a long time. Sometimes to the point I'd just have to hang up and try again later. They also do things very slowly. If you expect your luggage to be brought up to your room within a few minutes you will be disappointed. I had to complain just to get my bags and I had to lug them up myself. There were dirty room service dishes sitting in the hallway for a whole 24 hours! Nobody bothered to come and get them. I bet the dishes are still sitting there waiting to be collected.The location is below average. It just seems out of place there. The surrounding neighborhood looks a little rough and pretty dirty. Before we checked in there was a homeless guy changing on the side of the building. Not a pretty site.We had a view of Bally's, Paris, Planet Hollywood and the Flamingo. Our view also included an AM/PM, a parking lot apparently being used as a dump and some run down liquor stores. It just wasn't the same as being on the the strip.The room itself was clean and as advertised. Make sure to get at least a Princess Suite with a STRIP view or you will be very disappointed. It was nice and roomy and for the price I suppose you can't beat it. Almost 1200 sq ft with a huge bathroom and kitchenette. The bed was pretty comfy too so I'll give them that.The next time we head up to Vegas we will make sure to check out a hotel on the strip. We spent more time at Caesars than we did our own hotel. I would have liked the kind of stay those reviewers with the &quot;excellent&quot; ratings did but we're not so lucky I guess. If they could just move their Princess Suite to a better run hotel on the strip I'd be sold.	
Jun 10 2009 	Platinum is amazing. The only place I will stay in Vegas from now on.	Platinum is by far the best hotel I have stayed at in Las Vegas!!! The service is beyond top-notch and you're treated like royalty. I've been to many Vegas hotels...and this surpasses all of them. And the rooms are not your typical Vegas rooms. The rooms are suites and they are huge!!! I will be back and will recommend this place to everyone I know. See you all in July.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great hotel - wish it was just a little closer to the Strip	We love that we found a non-smoking, non-casino hotel near the strip - thanks to your reviews! Service was great. First they gave us a handicapped room and because we are tall and everything in those rooms are low, we asked to be moved. It was handled quickly and we enjoyed our big suite and the balcony. Lighting could be improved in the bathroom, however.Loved the pool and restaurant area on the 5th floor rooftop. Breakfast and lunch were delicious and very reasonably priced with great service. The pool wasn't crowded at all. It was nice to hang out there because we aren't gamblers. We didn't use the spa or 1st floor restaurant.Unfortunately, we had almost constant high WINDs the entire 3 days we were there. We enjoy walking on nice warm days, but found the walk to be a chore in the wind. Also, the construction on Flamingo made it a bit hard to get a cab, for they had to go right out of the hotel and drive down quite a ways to turn around towards the strip.Also, it irks me that there's a charge for internet at these Vegas hotels. Vegas finds a way to get into your wallet at every turn! Ate at Joe's Seafood and Stone Crab and had a delicious meal but uppity service.Overall though, we see why the Platinum gets consistent high ratings. Our AAA rate of $109 before tax (because we stayed at least 3 nights) was excellent for what we got.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Non Casino Hotel	Hotel has no casino that might put some people off but for us this was the main attraction as it is always good to have a quiet retreat to fall back on.And this was just that, it is a block away from the Las Vegas Blvd with Ceasars Palace and the Bellagio at the top of the block (about 10 minute walk due to the huge block size in Vegas), Bally and Bills on the opposite corners. Hotel itself is very clean and accomodating, staff are all polite and efficient, valet staff too were always willing to call taxis and offer directions.Room - Amazing, huge and well fitted out. Junior suite was more than we bargained for with huge dining/kitchen area, one bedroom with queen size double and then the bathroom with its shower, double sink and large whirlpool tub for two so no complaints here....Food - Only had breakfast but this was very good indeed and not too expensive if the specials were chosen and they were worth choosing - all fresh and slightly unique options that really hit the spot.All in all a great stop if the lure of casino can wait till a night out - would go back again without hesitation.	
Jun 3 2009 	Very good	The hotel is a short walk from the Strip and the suites are fantastic. No smoking, which is a real plus. Size of suite and facilities makes it real value. Pool area is great, not too busy. Have to pay for internet access though and is $14 per 24 hours so factor that into the room cost. Also valet parking only.	
May 27 2009 	Better than expected!	Since I celebrated my 21st birthday in Vegas in 1970, I thought it would be fun to go back to &quot;celebrate&quot; my 60th. After reading T.A. reviews, I decided on the Platinum Hotel. It is about 3 blocks off of the strip, but we had no problem walking to/from during the day and night. We were greeted by a very friendly front desk staff, and were delighted to be upgraded to the 18th floor since it was my b'day.The room had a full kitchen, living room, fireplace, soaking tub, balcony and great view of the &quot;mt. side&quot; of Vegas. The bartenders at the lobby bar were gregarious and chatty, and made awesome cocktails! There are comfy chairs and cocktail tables for ordering appetizers in this bar. The restaurant is on a top floor next to the rooftop pool, and we enjoyed a lunch there.The concierge was incredibly helpful helping us with restaurant reservations. I had already reserved seats for two shows ( &quot;O&quot; at the Bellagio-unbelievably wonderful show-don't miss it! &quot;The Jersey Boys&quot;- just ok) and she called to confirm these also. Guest services here are efficient and helpful.Friends from El Seguendo, Calf. joined us, and my friend Bonnie treated me to a massage and pedicure at the Platinum spa. She joined me, and we were &quot;wowed&quot; with how beautiful the spa was. The entire experience was relaxing and theraputic. Would highly recommend the spa services here.One of the most important things to mention is that this is NOT a casino hotel, so when you have been deluged all day with loud casino noises and cigarette smoke on &quot;the strip&quot;, you will be happy to walk into a quiet smokefree lobby on the way up to your comfortable room at the Platinum.Restaurant opinion- do not eat at nearby restaurant&quot; Tillermans&quot;- overpriced with 1960's style food and service. Try nearby Firefly ( tapas) instead.	
May 26 2009 	Great value for a true hotel suite	Great place, though not a casino hotel. In a nutshell: this hotel offers terrific value for full amenity suites. It is NOT less expensive than a standard Las Vegas room at any strip resort. That is the wrong comparison, though. It IS much less expensive than a suite at a strip casino resort.You get a full size bedroom, which is seperate from the living room, as well as a full size kitchen. The bathroom is very large and includes a jauzzi whirlpool. You also get a balcony with table and chairs.We paid approx. 200/night and found it worthwhile. If you had to stay for more than a few days, the full size kitchen would quickly pay off via savings from eat-in meals, avoiding the restaurant dining that can add co$ts to any trip when away from home.	
May 19 2009 	Very happy with our stay	Four Canadians (me, DH and 2 daughters 21 and 18 yrs old) arrived on a very busy day - this hotel was sold out for this weekend as were many others. We had booked this online 4 months ago and we looked at some other possibilities as the trip drew nearer and realised we were very lucky to have such a good rate, so we kept the ressie. We were so surprised on arrival that we had been upgraded to a Princess Suite without even asking! It was very spacious and in great condition (hotel opened in 2006).The pool area was small but not crowded even on a sold out day and in the middle of a heat wave (all 3 days were a sweltering 100+F). The kids really enjoyed the pool using it to cool down and tan themselves.We had breakfast once at Kilowat (which also services the pool area) and used a coupon from restaurant.com so it was good value for our money. We had a few questions (e.g. is there an ipod dock - no, is there coffee provided with the coffee maker - yes, is internet free- no but there is a kiosk next to the front desk that charges by the minute) that we emailed the hotel beforehand and they always answered within a few hours.Valet parking can get busy but we called down a few minutes b4 we left the room and we never had to wait more than a couple of minutes once and the other times the car was already waiting. We like the Wynn/Fashion Show/Palazzo area and it was less than 5 minutes by car if we took Howard Hughes and then Sands. We walked to Ellis Island for breakfast one morning and stopped at the 7-11 next door and stocked up on drinks.The only complaint we had was that the 2 bathroom doors were always locked from the outside when closed and we had to be careful not to close both of them or we would have been locked out of the bathroom! Also someone had stolen the room number (literally pried it off the wall!) so we walked right past it the first time.	
May 18 2009 	Extremely Satisfied	Excellent service. We origianlly booked a regular princess suite and other guests decided, out of the blue, to take the trip with us. When we arrived to the hotel we asked to be upgraded to a larger suite or book another suite (which ever was more convinient). In the end the manager ended up giving us the Marquis suite for just $100 more and the price came out to about $340 a night. We were extremely happy because the suite was huge, two bedrooms, two bathrooms (both with wirpool tubs), beautiful view and extremely spacious. The location is not too far from the strip and taxi service was very fast. We did have an issue with the microwave, but that was fixed within short hours. I would definately recommend this place to anyone.	
May 14 2009 	Fabulous service with spacious rooms in a chic trendy setting.	I have been to Vegas many times. I have stayed both on and off the Strip. This is one of the best Vegas experiences I have ever had. The service at the Platinum was spectacular. We had two rooms and arrived early morning. At that early hour, one of the rooms available in the category we booked faced the parking lot. When I expressed dissatisfaction with the parking lot view, the front desk staff immediately upgraded both rooms free of charge to keep us on the same floor. The rooms are all suites and spacious with full kitchens with granite top counters and black refrigerators as well as huge separate tub and shower bathrooms. The fact that this was a non-smoking hotel was much appreciated everytime we returned from the smoke-filled hotels and casinos on the strip. The two block walk to the strip was an easy stroll even in the hot weather. The breakfast in the dining room was delicious and a good value. Every request was either anticipated or met with a can-do attitude by the dining room staff. I would return to the Platinum in a heartbeat!	
May 10 2009 	Large well appointed suites off the strip great value.	We got great room prices booking through Expedia well ahead of time, then Matt at the front desk upgraded us to a suite facing the strip. What a deal! Huge room, nice and quiet, walkable to mid-strip casinos (Bally's is closest). This was a great value. Breakfast at the restaurant was well-prepared and very reasonably priced. Drinks in the lounge were pricier than some, but the quality was high. The hotel van took us most places we wanted to go and when he was otherwise occupied we just grabbed a cab. The concierge got us dinner reservations and checked us in for our return flights. Everyone at this hotel was pleasant and upbeat. You won't want to swim laps in the pool unless you like turns a lot, and be prepared to pay for internet access, but that's it for drawbacks. I would definitely return here if I wanted good value and didn't care about being in one of the big casinos.	
May 5 2009	Excellent for what it is - but this is not a typical Vegas hotel!	I stayed at this hotel recently with a group of girlfriends for a reunion. We had three rooms to accommodate us all - one of the rooms was extremely large with two huge bedrooms and bathrooms, flatscreen TV plus a balcony and a dining area. We used this room as a 'meeting place' for our group and prepared cocktails and appetizers each night before going out. The room I stayed in was a very large one bedroom with another huge bathroom and smaller balcony. All the rooms had big, full size kitchens with large, American-style refrigerators.The rooms are very tastefully decorated in muted tones like olive green, beige, brown and black. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were large enough to add a couple of extra cot beds to accommodate our group. We arranged for groceries to be delivered to the largest suite and the staff took care of putting everything away.The main drawback to this hotel, in my opinion, is the pool area. It is basically a no frills pool deck area that sits on top of the car park, and is rather disappointing considering how nice the rooms are at the hotel. It is painted in orange and has some seating areas with yellow umbrellas. The sun loungers are padded and they provide towels. There are no plants or other decor. The pool area, at least during our trip in April, stays shaded in the morning until about 11:30am because of the side of the hotel it is situated on. I am making these points about the pool because I have stayed in other hotels in Vegas including Mandalay Bay, the Venetian, and the Rio. All have large pool areas with multiple pools, jacuzzis, bars, etc. If you are looking for a pool scene, then the Platinum is not the hotel for you. Because we were a group of girlfriends catching up, this was ok for us and actually it was very easy for all 20 of us to sit together. At the larger hotels during peak holiday periods, finding empty chairs can be a challenge. The location of the hotel actually was not that bad. Yes, it is off the strip but you can walk about 10 minutes and reach Caesar's Palace. We did not have a problem getting a taxi.All in all, this was great for our group trip because the rooms are really like apartments and we were able to really hang out and catch up. I would recommend it again for a similar event.	
May 4 2009 	VERY quiet hotel big rooms nice bed.	Don't count on taxi service--be prepared to walk a long distance or wait a long time as this is a smallish hotel off the strip. Even when I called ahead to front desk to get a taxi it took WAY too long. Rooms are very nice. Bar closes early. No action whatsover. This is the place to stay if you really want to get away from the strip commotion. (But people did bring the hookers/strippers in just the same.) No casino, no big parties, small quiet pool area. Restaurant was great for my lunch--healthy big salad. Extra fee for internet service. Bartender was very weird.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great hotel	Rooms are excellent, good location near the strip. Reasonable price	
Apr 22 2009 	Easy in and out with car but....	The Platinum stands up to the reviews posted. Taking advantage of the the economic times, I was looking for nicer hotels at a great rate, I booked this while in Vegas for business. Very easy to valet park with the rental car (I am glad I had a small car, that pull through is tight as mentioned in previous reviews.).I did not visit the spa, so no comment, Room service was great, food and service, and it was nice having the fridge. Breakfast was extremely slow, and I was one of the only ones in the restaurant, it put me behind schedule, however, I will tell you, the front desk listened to my concerns and promptly removed the previous evening's room service from my bill. That was great service.My only complaint is this hotel has these great balconies, with tables and chairs. However, while I still stupidly smoke, I thought I would be able to smoke on the balcony. I myself hate smoking rooms etc., And I booked this hotel thinking great, I can smoke on the balcony, (just like I don't smoke in my own house, but outside) but I could not smoke &quot;outside&quot; due to a $500 fine if &quot;evidence&quot; is found. This made my trip pretty stressful. They were not full by any means, if I was this hotel, I'd cater to smokers with the lure of being able to smoke outside on your own balcony while enjoying a smoke free room. Again, minor, I know there are not many smokers out there still, but if you do, I would not suggest this property.Bed was comfy! The LCD TV, only one place in the room where you can sit and see it, so I mainly listened to it. Wired/Wireless access, while at a charge, which is typical in Vegas, was extremly fast and easy to connect.	
Apr 19 2009 	Very enjoyable	The hotel is very clean and the staff are very helpful. Only having the option of the Valet parking was something I was unsure about before arriving, but was very useful and reliable through the stay. The Valet staff were very helpful and their service was excellent. Unfortunately, our safe broke whilst we were there and had to be broken into by the maintenence team (it took over an hours though) and were were suitably compensated for our time. Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 18 2009 	Love this Hotel	We have previously stayed at this hotel with a splendid stay...coming back for a second time was even better! Loved the atmosphere and secure feeling of this hotel. My daughters loved the indoor/outdoor pool area and the suites were quite accommodating! Julian (valet) and Rory (concierge) were very helpful. Our family will definitely come back to the Platinum every time we come back to LV!	
Apr 14 2009 	A very pleasant surprise!	A last minute trip to Vegas to visit family. Everyone was helpful and actually glad to see me and my sons. The Valet (Don), Front Desk (Rebecca) and Security (William) all went out of their way to help with getting us to my room with all the baby things needed. My son ordered room service and got his eggs exactly as asked for and I got a wonderful chicken Ceasar salad. The only thing missing would be some premium TV channels like HBO, ShowTime, etc.Unfortunately we only stayed 1 night, but what an experience! Please thank everyone with whom I did not get their individual names.No noise and no smoking - what could be better?	
Apr 13 2009 	IMPRESSIVE HOTEL	We were very happy to have selected this hotel. This was my families first time visiting Las Vegas and we researched all sorts of hotels via various websites. Glad to report that this hotel held up to prior good comments, photos, and overall hotel description. The suite was more than enough space to accommodate our party, and we really felt like occupying a home as oppose to staying in your typical hotel room where everything is all there in one large space. Our suite was very clean, spacious, provided all the general suite amenities (stove, refrigerator, microwave, silverware, glasses, dishwasher, etc) and when we needed anything the staff was there to offer immediate assistance. We ate in the hotel mainly for breakfast and the food and service was excellent. The other restaurant was good and prices reasonable in comparison to other area hotels of its kind. Location was convenient to many other restaurants, shops, casinos, and the main Las Vegas strip. We also enjoyed how quiet the hotel was in comparison to those hotels with casinos. It was definitely a BIG PLUS not to be bothered with people rotating in and out to gamble, the smoke, and noise.My only drawback was that credit cards and debit cards are not viewed/charged the same. For instance, I used my debit card to check-in which was held on file for any incidental charges. Although it has a credit card logo, when swiped, your card is immediately charged $100 per night for each night’s stay. Where as a credit will just place the standard hold. Given you have no incidental charges at your check-out, the money is refunded to you in a couple of business days, but it can offset your budget if you had not anticipated the amount charge to begin with. Unfortunately we were not notified of the credit card vs. debit card difference until after the charge had been applied. Other than this, everything was very pleasing and we look forward to staying hear again upon our next visit to Vegas.	
Apr 9 2009 	A Retreat from the Strip	My second time at this hotel. I would not consider staying anywhere else. If you want glitter, noise, smoke, casino chinging and yelling, and all that, then stay on the strip somewhere. This hotel is a retreat from all that. The suites are luxury. The service is superb from everyone, front desk (Nathan was great), doormen, housekeeping, bartenders, etc. The full kitchen is really useful if you are in Vegas more than a couple of days. Some might consider it a drawback that the hotel is two blocks off the strip, but that makes it 2 blocks closer to a bunch of good restaurants going the other way from the strip. I strongly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 6 2009 	Platinum Rocks!	I booked the Platinum Hotel after reading about it on Tripadvisor, and it was a great stay in Vegas. My husband and 2 kids (ages 15 and 20) had a enjoyable 3 night stay upgraded to a Princess suite on the top floor with amazing views of the desert mountains! The suite was large, spacious and elegantly appointed, with very comfortable beds. I think the location was great...........a little walk off the strip but centrally located, and we enjoyed that there was no casino there and it was smoke free. The pool area was nice and yes the pool was heated!Overall, if you are going to Vegas with kids, this is the place to stay.	
Apr 4 2009 	Nice hotel and room away from the Las Vegas Strip	Very clean and comfortable with large living area and bathroom. Good facilities including a nice if noisy bar. It is off the strip and the walk to and from didn't feel that safe, but you can cut through Bally's casino for some of the way. We think having done further research you can get better deals for your money on the strip itself. Complementary valet parking.	
Mar 30 2009 	Platinum was peaceful and relaxing.	Platinum is close enough to the strip to enjoy the busy strip scene, but far enough from the strip to relax and have a peaceful vacation. It's the best of both worlds.	
Mar 27 2009 	Calm Oasis for those really not into the Vegas scene	We basically had a 1 bedroom apt. It was incredibly roomy. Found a great deal on Hotels.com, to include free internet use. Called hotel to get them to match price, which they did, supposed to include internet, but at check in we had to wrestle a little over that detail. Ultimately we got the free internet. Everything was very clean, we made a trip to a grocery and had plenty of breakfast items, snacks drinks, etc easily fixed in the room. Didn't do a dinner there but will all the utensils pots pans etc and full-sized oven you could if you wanted.Was a bit of a pain to have to do valet parking even when running up to the room to grab something and come right back down. I finally just quit tipping!One last tip La Michoacan restaurant a couple miles away was FABULOUS!	
Mar 27 2009 	Loved it at the Platinum	Great experience. Stayed here for 5 days in mid March 2009. Quiet and not smoky (no casino), which is what we wanted. The walk to the strip is quite short and wasn't a problem for us. You come out on the strip just at the north end of the Bellagio, which is a nice stretch of strip (walkable in either direction) and you can see the fountains. The suite at the Platinum was really lovely. Appreciated the full kitchen and all the space. They upgraded us to a better suite than we reserved (fireplace and 2 person whirlpool). I'm not sure why -- perhaps because we wanted a low floor (DH doesn't like heights), and that was what they had available. Anyway, would have been wonderful even without those extras. All the staff at the hotel were extremely friendly. Good fitness room. The pool is fairly ordinary looking (but adequate), but we didn't use it anyway. Nice large tv, but not too many channels (but good enough for us). There is a lovely spa (but never got around to using it -- pricey!) Really happy there (actually I wanted to spend more time in the room than we did!). There is an Enterprise Rent a Car in the Westin right across the street, if you need a car for a day (we did, to go to the Hoover Dam). There is a 7-eleven almost next door. For real groceries we went East a couple of miles on Flamingo to Maryland pkway (there is an Albertson there). We had a car for that. Suppose you could take a bus or cab (or walk, if you are really, really, energetic and not carrying too much).Originally we had wanted to stay at the Signature, but it didn't work out (too expensive). Signature is more upscale I think, but I actually prefer the Platiinum now that I've been there. In terms of location, the Platinum is much better in my opinion. The Signature is farther south on the strip and that stretch of the strip doesn't seem as nice (lots more people there trying to force girly pictures into your hands). Also, it would be a much longer walk up towards the Mirage or the Venetion from the Signature, if you just want to wander around. Depends on where you want to be, I guess :) Anyway, I highlyrecommend the Platinum. Would stay there again.	
Mar 22 2009 	Phenomenal!	I was in Vegas to visit my father who ultimately passed away and stayed at the Platinum after reading reviews on Tripadvisor. I was extremely happy I did! From the excellent service at the front desk, especially, Eva, thru the valets made our trip special, considering the circumstances. It's like 'Cheers' where everyone knows your name. The suites are beautifully appointed. The kitchenette area is gorgeous, next to nice open living area. The bedroom was spacious as was the bathroom w/jacuzzi tub and large corner shower. The hotel is immaculately clean, always some shampooing going on, but not in your face. We were visiting with family so we were in and out a lot and the valets were great! Door opening and exchanging pleasantries. The restaurant was good, but not excellent, limited menu and slow kitchen, but the waitstaff was excellent.I will return to this hotel and recommend it highly. It's a hidden treasure!Contessa	
Mar 19 2009 	The perfect spot for famlies in Vegas	The Platinum Hotel and Spa exceeded all expectations I could have had with its stylish decor, super friendly staff, and absolutely amazing rooms. Each room has a full kitchen with stainless steel appliances and granite countertops. This comes in handy when traveling as a family and trying to save a couple bucks by eating in one meal a day. The living area was spacious with a pull out couch, fireplace and flat screen tv. The bathroom was large and the huge jetted tub was heaven. The bedroom was also quite large with 2 queen sized beds and portable cribs for our little ones. There is a spa on sight along with a restaurant and a lounge. The pool area is very nice with both an indoor and outdoor pool area and firepits for some evening fun. The location was fantastic as it was only a 5 minute walk to Paris, Ceasars, and Balleys. I must also mention that the hotel is nonsmoking which is so nice after spending the day in those smoky casinos. I highly recommend this hotel!	
Mar 18 2009 	Great service great rooms great food	I stayed at The Platinum for the first time time last week. From the moment we stepped in until the moment we left we have fantastic service--I don't think I had to open a door once! The room was spacious and clean and check-in was smooth. I couldn't have asked for a better experience!	
Mar 17 2009 	Relaxation Off The Strip	If you go to Vegas to relax, walk, and shop, this is a great place to stay! This is a non-smoking, non-casino hotel just one block off the Strip, behind Bally's. While the walk to Bally's was probably my least favorite part of staying there, the positives far outweigh the walk. The rooms are amazing! Huge, clean and full of amenities like a full kitchen, flat screen TV, comfortable beds, wonderful bathroom with extra large jacuzzi tub and separate shower -- all the comforts of home, only better! Room service was friendly and prompt but very expensive. Take my word for it, make the walk down to the restaurant. We had breakfast at the restaurant all 3 days. While a little costly, the food was outstanding every time! The spa was average. I wasn't disappointed with my services, but I wasn't &quot;wow'ed&quot; either. They have wireless and in-room internet, but be prepared to pay the daily fee! They also provided us with a shuttle (Cadillac Escalade) a few times, and every time the driver was prompt and courteous. The doormen were really great -- always ready with recommendations and ideas for us to do. All in all, I plan to stay at the Platinum on my next visit, and the next, and the next . . .	
Mar 11 2009 	Nice suites great kitchens the walk to strip is ok- B+	We (family with 3 kids) stayed for 4 nights. What attracted us to the Platinum was the size of the apartments, the newness, the location- a couple blocks away from the strip, good ta reviews and the price. Check in- great, we arrived around 2 and were given an upgrade for free, we got a view suite with a washer and dryer, I wish I packed less!Room- very nice sized 1 bedroom, simple, modern decor, big kitchen with nice black granite, full fridge, lots of cabinets, dishes included. Living area- nice size with sofa, chair, desk with chair and flat screen. Patio- nice size- our view was the back of Bally's, Paris, Flamingo, you could see parts of Ceasars and a slim shot of the fountains going off from Bellagio. Bedroom- 2 queen beds- comfy, nice pillows, nice closet. Bathroom, big tub- kinda cheap plastic sides tho, nice tiled shower- good water pressure, 2 sinks, a closet. Washer and Dryer was off to the kitchen and that worked great, did laundry twice, housekeeping provides laundry soap. I thought it was a clean room but my husband found some garbage under the sofa bed and a dirty rag in the bathroom that was missed, but overall nice new room with lots of storage.Groceries- we bought stuff- juice, water, chips from the 7/11 nearby, there's also an am/pm but not much variety.Pool- wow, 3 of the 4 nights we had the pool to ourselves! My kids loved the indoor pool, warm and they'd go thru the outdoor pool to the hot tub and loved it. It was their favorite part of their vacation. There are lots of chairs and towels.Service- everyone was pretty nice and helpful. To get a cab from here is easy, you just go down to the front and they get one for you, take 5-10 minutes.I tried to print my boarding passes and they do not have free internet, surprisingly. Their business center to use the computer had so many instructions and it was like .69 a minute to use and it looked so confusing. This service should be free. This was my only complaint.After 2 days, we got burnt out on the walk to the strip. It's about 12-15 minute walk with kids and we walked the strip most of the day so the kids got tired of walking. The buses were often full and the monorail is not that convenient, behind the hotels and pricey. Platinum was nice and reasonable but if we were to go to Vegas again, I'd choose something right on the strip, just easier. If I went with kids, I'd stay at Mandalay bay for the beach and pool but then again, I'd probably just save my money for a real beach vacation in Kauai. Highly recommend Ellis Island which is 2 doors across from the Platinum- we ate there 3 times, twice for breakfast which was great, reasonable, and dinner was awesome- the BEST ribs ever! My DH had a plate of ribs, corn, beans, slaw for $11- huge plate, tender, meaty ribs. I had the 1/2 rack ribs and 1/2 chicken for $9, again awesome, delicious bbq cooked right in front of you in their patio, don't miss it!	
Mar 6 2009 	Terrific hidden Gem of LV... Definately will be back!!	Just spent 2 nights here. Frequent LV traveler and usually stay center strip. This was a pleasant suprise. Beautiful big suites, super clean, staff is very, very friendly. Only 2 blocks walk and you are in Bally's hotel on the strip so very convenient. This place is very quiet, non smoking non gaming.. a very nice break from the typical LV strip hotels. Full modern kitchen... each room has sofa bed and private bedroom so comfortable for 4 people, can bring your own booze, food, great place.. i will be back many times!!!!	
Mar 2 2009 	Great rooms something a bit different non smoking	I usually stay on one of the strip hotels, and certainly there are cheaper places than the Platinum to stay, especially with all the deals at the moment. That said, The Platinum suites are just that. Each room is a suite with a balcony, washing machine and huge bathroom. It is all spotless and well looked after. The whole hotel is non smoking which makes a nice retreat when you return from the other hotels/casinos.The bar is very friendly, and the pool is an ideal suntrap with indoor and outdoor parts to it. The gym is not just the usual single treadmill and bicycle you see in other places. Lots of new machines.Finally the spa; excellent with friendly staff.All in all definitely worth the little extra in cost. I will certainly be back.	
Mar 1 2009 	Very comfortable -- only 1 complaint	The folks who stayed at the Platinum were part of our small, family reunion housed in 2 separate hotels. They included a man who was on a business trip and his 2 elderly inlaws. So, the suite was an excellent gathering spot for all of us, just to visit or have quick eat-in meal. We appreciated the opportunity to bring our restaurant leftovers to this location as well!My biggest complaint was their Valet Parking. When visiting, we ended up parking next door at the Tuscany Casino just so we would not be required to pay out any extraneous tips. To me, this is a Ripoff. Required valet parking in Las Vegas is unusual -- so, that's an unfortunate thing with the Platinum.I have one more complaint: we arrived at 3:30PM and they did not have a room ready for those who were staying in the room. I'm not entirely sure of their check-in time but the guests were waylaid for a half hour until an upgraded room could be assigned.Generally, the group who stayed in the room really loved the service staff.The hotel is about 5 blocks from the Strip but not a bad walking distance. Walking is a requirement in Vegas -- you just can't get away from it! So, if you can walk, don't let the relative location deter your decision.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great value without the casino	The platinum is a terrific all suite hotel. We were in the smallest room with our 3 small children and had plenty of room with a bedroom seperate from the main room. A full kitchen and a great bathroom with a huge tup and nice shower. With a stay of two nights or more you can get a family deal for an additional $40, which included free internet, 4 pizzas, 4 movies and a few other items. It was a terrific deal and though the pizza wasn't huge, it was very good (no little ceasars). Another nice thing was the pool which was heated in February, indoor/outdoor, while most large hotels don't heat their pools through the winter here. We didn't dine on site so I can't comment on the dining but their are many places to eat nearby. It was a nice to be in a place without the casino, it had a very clean feel. The service was excellent and the staff was very helpful with all of our requests.	
Feb 22 2009 	Nice Room But Not A Luxury Hotel	I am a frequent traveler to Las Vegas (by frequent I mean I travel to vegas a few times per year) and I finally decided to try The Platinum Hotel. I have read hundreds of reviews about The Platinum and it is often referred to in the same breath as The Signature, or The Hotel at Mandalay Bay. I have stayed at The Signature and Mandalay Bay many times so I was curious to try The Platinum because it was cheaper that the other two hotels on the weekend I was traveling to Vegas. The Platinum is nice, but it is not close to the caliber of The Signature, Mandalay Bay, or even Red Rock for that matter. I was traveling with my spouse and 3 children under 8. Upon arrival I was less than impressed with the initial first impression that the hotel gives. There is a gas station in the parking lot, and a boarded up building next door. The entrance into the hotel is very small and you have to flip a U-turn to get into the Valet parking. There is no self parking, but that is ok with me as I prefer to Valet. There was no bell hop present and the Valet Staff was less than eager to help me with my bags. They eventually brought a luggage rack to assist with my baggage as my wife was unable to help because she was 7 months pregnant. The lobby is nice but very small. There is no snack shop or store of any kind in the hotel. The lobby has a small club that is open in the evenings, but nothing distinct. Our room was on the 6th floor and we were as far as you could get from the elevators. With small children this proved to be a chore. The room was very nice. The kitchen is nice with very nice countertops and stainless steel appliances. The separate bedroom was essential for us with three children in tow. The accomodations were very comfortable. The TV in the living area seemed small, I think only 32 inches, but it is a plasma which is nice. The TV in the bedroom is not a flat screen and was probably a 27 incher. Our room did not have a view at all as we looked directly into a wall. You get what you pay for I guess. On Saturday evening we wanted to retreive our vehicle around 6pm to go to dinner with family members that live in the area. I called valet prior to leaving my room and they did not answer. When I got to the lobby , there was no wait at the valet desk and they quickly took my ticket. For several minutes I was the only one waiting for my car. There is no waiting area designated for valet so I was practically standing in the parking lot with my wife and 3 small children. I waited about 15 minutes for my vehicle and there were no other guests waiting for cars. This is not a big deal, but waiting in a parking lot with little kids made me very irritated. Upon checkout on Sunday morning the staff was very friendly. I called the bell staff and they were to my room within 5 minutes. He asked if I had a car in valet and promised to have it waiting by the time I got to the lobby. When we got downstairs all of our luggage was loaded and the car was ready for us to drive off. This service was the highlight of my stay. The pool is very nice for winter months because half of the pool is covered. It is a little deep for small children but fulfills its purpose.Overall I felt that the hotel was nice, but not luxurious like so many reviews have said. We paid $139 and about $152 with taxes and fees. The room itself was worth the money, but the ambiance, location, and lack of ammenities would keep me from staying here again. I would not recommend this hotel if you don't have a car. If you have the chance to stay at The Signature, jor any 4 or 5 star hotel on the strip, ump at the chance. You will not regret it. I think I even prefer the Grand View at South point to this hotel. The size of the room is similar and the GrandView is half the price with many more ammenities.	
Feb 21 2009 	Contemporary stay off the Strip.	If you are going to Vegas and want to stay off the but very near the strip you may want to consider the Platinum Hotel. It is located a few block west of the strip. Hotel overall has a clean contemporary decor and is a nice getaway. The room is spacious and include a huge double sink bathroom and 2 person whirlpool. There is also a full kitchen so bring groceries. The phones in the hotel were not working properly so every time you need assistance you may have to call the front desk. We ordered quite a bit of room service and the food there is excellent!!! The room also comes with a fireplace and one television per room which may be considered romantic. There is not a continuum of taxis picking up guest at this hotel so if you have a night out on the town plan ahead. So if you would like to be away from the lights of Las Vegas, but not in the desert make this place your oasis.	
Feb 13 2009 	Perfect Choice	This hotel is so close to the Las Vegas Strip, but offers a quiet escape from the chaos. The rooms are very spacious, clean, and modern. The staff was very welcoming and willing to help with anything during our stay. The pool is great and the lounge chairs are so comfortable. We enjoyed breakfast at the restaurant and we were pleasanlty surprised by the prices. The quality of the food was great...I would suggest the blueberry smoothie! We enjoyed our stay so much and we will defintely be returning to The Platinum the next time we return to Vegas.	
Feb 11 2009 	The Platinum is Perfect	We visit Las Vegas three times a year for business. This property is new, the location is about a block off the strip on Koval &amp; Flamingo, and the ammenities are great (Wireless Internet Access, Spa, Indoor/Outdoor Pool, Exercise Room, Free Valet Parking, Lounges and Meeting Rooms). I booked directly through the property and then found a special on the Solitaire Suite at Expedia. I called the property back and they matched Expedia's special price. We paid about $135.00 per night for this suite which is like a small apartment with every convenience we could possibly need. The Platinum Hotel is a great value and has become our first choice when traveling to Vegas.	
Feb 10 2009 	Great stay - I'll be back	Stayed at Platinum for the recent Super Bowl weekend. Booked through a property manager with a VRBO listing. Saved approximately 35% vs booking directly with Platinum. No maid service included however.Got the larger 1 BR, the Princess, with a strip view on the 14th floor. Nice view of the strip from roughly TI to MGM. Large balcony with a table and chairs, unlike the Signature (which I stayed at last year).Huge room. Full size fridge and range (didn't use it). Microwave, coffee maker, and dishwasher (maybe 3/4 size of typical but it was helpful). Washer/dryer was great, first time I've returned from a trip with clean clothes! Sleeper sofa, electric fireplace, and plenty of space in the kitchen/living room area.Large bedroom, mine had two queen beds. Large bath with shower and a two person jetted tub.Weather was atypically warm and I enjoyed the indoor/outdoor pool. Heated so water temperature I found comfortable. Hot tub was relaxing and spacious. On the weekend they got the two fire pits going and drink service was available.I only ate at the restaurant once, for breakfast. I found the food fine but the service sub-par. Didn't use the lobby bar. They also have a large, well-equiped fitness center.Valet parking was efficient and courteous. There were a couple of times I had to wait a few minutes for an attendant but those were exceptions.Easy walking distance to Tuscany Suites, Ellis Island, and Ballys, each with several restaurants. One evening I walked to Hard Rock, maybe 15-20 minutes.Refresh housekeeping is available for I believe $25 per visit. For my 5 night stay I found I didn't need it, bought soap, detergent, and dish washing liquid for a few bucks and I was fine.	
Jan 30 2009 	Mostly good	Stayed here for 5 days in early october. Place has a lot of potential. Great rooms. Service was good (not tremendous) but certianly nothing to complain about. Locations has pros/cons (as per previos review).....Tremendous value for the price......I was actually staying here with 4 other people, but for different time periods. Two of us had problems w/ the Air Conditioning in our rooms not working. In my case it was corrected right away and was fine for the rest of the trip. The girl I travelled with, however, had to have mainteance come to the room a few times before getting it corrected. They offered to move her to another room, but we all know that can be a pain in the butt. Other than that issue (which hopefully was an isolated incident), this place really was exceptional.	
Jan 28 2009 	Friendly Staff Beautiful Spa and Modern Decor	I just returned from my stay at the wonderful Platinum Hotel and Spa and it was great! I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel, the hotel staff, the beautiful spa, and the modern decor. It was my first time staying at this hotel!On our first night, we ordered food via room service at 3am. I was pleasantly surprised how quickly the food came and that it was good. We also called housekeeping to make up our fold out bed...they too were &quot;Johnny on the Spot&quot;. Both people that helped us were very friendly and very professional. It was so refreshing to not have to wait for either service that first night.The next day a few of us had spa appointments, and again I was pleasantly surprised how fabulous the spa was. I was greeted by a lovely young lady that showed me around the locker room and helped me get set up. By the way, the spa locker room was fully stocked with everything one would need to get ready! Then I waited for my service in the most relaxing and serene atmosphere ever. My spa service was incredible...I would highly recommend Dustin if you go to the spa. After my spa treatment I was able to purchase a few great gifts for my friends! I was impressed with all the great spa goodies they had for sale. This spa was beautiful and would be really fun for a girl’s weekend!Later that night, we all met for drinks out by the pool. The pool has wonderful seating around the fire pits. Since it was pretty windy we then went into the hotel bar. Again, it was very comfortable and the bartender was fabulous! The location of the hotel was great and after drinks in the hotel bar we later walked down to the strip...a very easy and safe walk!Our group later discussed coming back next year. Which we intend to stay at the Platinum!!!	
Jan 28 2009 	Had a blast at the Platinum!	We went to Vegas to celebrate my husband's 40th birthday. A group of friends from California joined us as a surprise to my husband. It was our first time at Platinum and we loved it! The rooms were fantastic and very large. Staff in all areas, at all hours were friendly and quick to jump on whatever we needed. Loved the fact that you could leave all the smokie casinos and walk back into a smoke free hotel without the noise of all the machines. It was the best of both worlds!I have one friend who only stays at the Belagio when in Vegas and she had nothing but great things to say about the Platinum . . . Her stone massage was fabulous, loved her 2 person whirlpool in the room, the spacious kitchen . . . she plans on coming back and bringing the kids.The outdoor pool area was beautiful . . . you could swim from outdoor to indoor and there was a great view of the strip at night. We especially loved the fire pits and had the group meet for cocktails one night around the fire. It just set such a great tone for the weekend.The entire group agreed, WE WOULD COME BACK IN A HEART BEAT!	
Jan 26 2009 	Sparkling clean and great furniture	Stayed at the platinum for a Bachelor party weekend. My friends and I chose this place because of the spacious suites. I was really happy with the cool furniture. Very cool. The room was spotless. The granite counters in the kitchen sparkle, the bathroom is huge, and of course my favorite...flat screen tv's in every room! Could not have been more happy with the place. If you want to stay somewhere first class without the noise of a Casino Hotel, this is the place.	
Jan 17 2009 	Good break from the typical Vegas	I stayed here to attend a conference. My husband accompanied me so that he could enjoy the sights and visit his uncle who lives in town. This is a totally non-smoking, non-gaming hotel - if you can believe there's one that exists in Vegas. It's got a good location, right behind Bally's, just a block from the strip. All the rooms are suites. We stayed in a one bedroom suite with a killer bathroom - separate shower and two-person jacuzzi tub! Both my husband and I could like down in the tub side by side. Flat screen tv's in the living room and bedroom and a full kitchen with dishwasher and full size appliances. The staff were great, friendly and helpful. The only complaint was from our conference organizer who had a hard time with the management who kept changing our conference rooms around. So it's a great place to stay but maybe not to have a conference at.	
Jan 3 2009 	Enjoyed our time at the Platinum Suites	Great suites at the Platinum...ok it's a little walk from the strip but it's not that far. We were delighted that it was a non-smoking building.It was a bit of a drag that you could not park your own car each time you got to the hotel (tips add up)Pool was very small &amp; there were very annoying loud local yuppies hanging out by the pool.Service in the restaurant was very slow considering it was so quiet.We had a lovely waiter Hector who brought the drinks, he was very attentive.	
Jan 2 2009 	Just so-so	We stayed at the Platinum in April of 2008. It's so-so -- It's nicer than New York/New York, but nowhere near as nice as MGM Signature, Wynn, or Mandalay Bay. The rooms were big and well-appointed, which was good, and the front desk and concierge were also very attentive.The kitchen/restaurant was slightly over-priced, but the service was really slow (which kinda was surprising as we only ate there for breakfast, which is the fastest meal to cook). The pool is kinda dinky, too.The location is a lot farther from the strip than you might think. It's a good 10-15 minute walk to get to the intersection of Bally's, Caesar's Palace, etc., and it is also VERY difficult to get a taxi from the Platinum.Overall, you may want to shell out the additional $40/night difference and stay at a nicer on-Strip property -- it's well worth the cost of aggravation from staying at the Platinum.	
Jan 1 2009 	New Years Eve at the Platinum	My wife and I spent 11 days in Las Vegas, arriving 21 Dec and leaving 1 Jan. For a treat, we stayed at The Platinum Hotel and Spa for the 30th and 31st of December. When I booked, I made sure we were given a suite that faced the strip so we could see the fireworks display at midnight of the 31st - the hotel is due east of Bally's. We were given a room at the top - the 17th floor. We had a Princess Suite, 1005 square feet with separate bedroom (very comfortable bedding and pillows), bathroom, and full kitchen/living room. AND a washer dryer which proved very handy at the end of our 11 day trip. The bathroom was a treat - the jetted tub was plenty roomy for two. The kitchen had a full size fridge with water and ice dispenser, full oven/range, a huge sink, coffee maker (one of those thermos style pots that keeps the coffee fresh for hours) a bar/counter with 4 barstools - and plenty of room for 4. The living room had a big plasma tv (though the bedroom had a standard television) and a desk with wired internet hookup (12.99 for 24 hours, 6.99 for two hours). There is also a balcony off the living room, with a table and 4 chairs - we were on the balcony as New Years arrived, watching the fireworks displays and listening to the toots, hollars, and hurrahs. We loved the space and NON SMOKING atmosphere (the fine for smoking in the rooms is $500) of the room. We'd stayed in smaller rooms for the other 9 nights. As chance would have it, the room did present a couple of challenges - the toilet was clogged when we arrived (high efficiency = easy to clog??) and took 20 applications of the PROVIDED plunger to clear. On the morning of the 31st, we were awakened at 8am by a sound outside our window which turned out to be Engineering doing some rope pulley work - my first two calls to the front desk received a 'we don't know what it is, we'll call security'. When I called a third time to report I'd seen what appeared to be a rappelling rope outside of our window, I was told &quot;hasn't enigineering called you?&quot; - and was assured we could move if we wanted to AND that the work was going to be very short in duration. We were relieved to find that 'No, we weren't in a room next to someone who wanted to climb the side of the hotel as a new years stunt. Total hassle time for those two glitches: 12 hours out of a 72 hour stay. These things happen to us - little challenges. STILL, it was the nicest room we stayed in during our trip - AND the room service was quick and priced right - (we tried to get an early dinner at 5 pm at the restaurant on premises on New Years Evening, but the restaurant was set up to open at 6pm for a special New Years Eve dinner)- no worries, we returned to our room and got in room dining. The staff we interacted with - front desk, bellman, concierge, room service, and a couple of employees we ran into on the elevator - all made it a point to be friendly. This room compared very favorably with other $300+ per night rooms we stayed in. This is the most we've ever paid for a room in Vegas - but realize this is the first time we extended our Christmas trip through New Years - We've stayed at Wynn, Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, The Hotel, Paris and our overall favorite, the Venetian - Would we treat ourselves to a suite at the Platinum again for New Years Eve? Yes we would.	
Dec 31 2008 	Platinum Rocks!	My niece and I were first-time Vegas travellers and wanted to stay at a non-gambling, non-smoking property. Chose this place as very competitive price, great location just behind strip (Bally's back entrance a quick 5 min. walk) and large room with all amenities - bonus balcony. When we first arrived at 1 am after our delayed flight from Canada, we were given a room on the 3rd floor which overlooked electrical stations ie ugly view; returned to front desk and manager changed us to higher floor with a view overlooking the strip (in the distance). We were delighted - much quieter and nicer. Kitchen outfitted with everything we needed for quick breakfast or fast supper before heading for our evening shows. 7 Eleven around the corner for quick meals. Saved a bundle plus lots of time. Staff all very helpful. Clean and a definite gem off the hustle bustle of the strip. Didn't eat in their restaurants. Jacuzzi tub great. Would def stay here on return visits.	
Dec 31 2008 	Great hotel	This is a great place to stay in Las Vegas. It's not far from the mid-strip casinos, around 10 minutes waling. However, Bally's back door entrance is very useful. The suites are huge. In december there was not many people neither at the lobby bar or the pool area but i'm sure it must be great in summer time. Strip views are nice but i don't think i would pay 40 dollars per day more than a mountain's view suiet.I haven't tried the restaurant but i went to the SPA area (no jacuzzi there) and it's very relaxing. Staff was useful and friendly.In the morning we had a flight at 8 am. They've vans for direct transport to the airport (15 dollars).	
Dec 27 2008	great	It is a nice place to stay. The one bedroom suite is very big. The whirlpool tub is a surprise to us.	
Dec 15 2008 	Excellent after Thanksgiving stay	This hotel exceeded our expectations!! Having a nice spa bath with separate shower was great. The true bonus was the 50-inch flat screen in the living room over the electric fireplace. Valet service was the best I've ever experienced. All the employees really seem to go out of their way to make our stay superb. The only thing which would have made the stay perfect was a better view of the Strip; other than that, no complaints whatsoever.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great Value!	Great place to stay only one block behind the strip, behind Ballys. $2 Shuttle stops at front door. Great value. Go for the $150 suite with flat screens and in suite jacuzzi.Only miss is the lack of free wireless and horrible business center because they charge you by the minute for scanning, printing, or using the computer.If you're on business and at a conference then use the conference center wifi. The restaurant and bar are very nice. Also ask for the special breakfast menu which is a lot cheaper and just as good. Service and customer care are great. I brought my wife and she loved it.	
Dec 13 2008 	Happy Birthday to me!	Absolutely Magnificent! This Hotel was so beautiful and relaxing.The best hotel I have stayed at in Vegas. Please experience it for yourself. We got to check in early and they upgraded us to the princess suite for no extra charge because it was my Birthday I was so shocked and surprised. Everything was so great from the kitchen, bathroom, huge big jazzci size tub and very soft beds we had a very relaxing sleep. We enjoyed watching the basket ball game on the big plasma tv and enjoyed the bose radio. We hated to leave the room but when we came back it was so relaxing. Friday we had drinks and food and the bose radio was the dj. Saturday after shopping and sightseeing we came back to the room and chilled and had more drinks and took advantage of the nighttime view before we hit the town. All the staff were so nice. Our room was overlooking the pool and strip very nice.	
Dec 9 2008 	A great place to stay in Vegas	We stayed at the Platinum for the final three nights of our honeymoon in Oct '08.If you don't mind a 5 minute walk, it's very well situated for the Strip. In fact, I think it's location just a couple of blocks back from the strip is a benefit, as it's not so noisy or bustling.The rooms (suites) are great. Clean, well furnished with everything you could want. Large kitchen area, large lounge area, huge bathroom and very comfortable bed. Everything was clean and newish.Our only complaint is that the aircon played up. They did try to fix it, however, but it wasn't a major issue as it wasn't very hot.The swimming pool areas was very pleasant - nice and quiet.The Platinum is much smaller than many of the massive hotels and so check in was quick and easy. Service from the concierge was excellent.All in all, a great hotel. I wouldn't hesitate to go there again.	
Dec 7 2008 	Great from beginning to end	Fantastic property a block and a half from the Vegas strip. I love how it's non-smoking so my eyes don't burn just walking through the lobby.The staff always knew my name and made me feel like I was VIP.If you haven't seen it in person, you're missing out!	
Nov 23 2008 	Brilliant service	Excellent place. Service was amazing great rooms with everything you could ask for. Front desk staff very kind. Britney was very kind and very helpful. We booked a Princess Suite with a strip view. Suite was excellent but think we will book a mountain view next time to avoid being over the restaurant as it's a bit noisey. We had a few problems in the room with technology but these were quickly resolved. We paid about $270 a night for 6 nights which is quite high. The service was top notch but was slightly taken aback when there was a charge for WiFi. We called the desk and this too was taken care of. Well done Platinum we think you are great and want to come back.	
Nov 21 2008 	Great place to stay!	Arrived after long flight from UK to smiling and friendly welcome. No wait at check in and offered free upgrade with mountain view. Suite was huge with plenty of room, good kitchen and lovely bathroom with 2 person whirlpool tub. Pull out sofa bed not comfortable enough for larger child but would be ok for younger children but my son (14) slept on sofa itself so ok. Our bed was fab, very big with pillowtop mattress. I have a back problem and was very comfortable all of our stay. Balcony had table and chairs, unlike Signature at MGM, where we stayed last year. Had no problems with room service and used the pool every day. Lots of comments about long walk to strip but it was a 6minute walk to the back entrance of Ballys and monorail so no problem at all, shorter than walk from tower 3 in Signature through to MGM last year. No problem getting taxis from front door, valets happy to help every time. Bar staff friendly and lovely atmosphere there. All in all would highly recommend this hotel, non smoking was very welcome and all staff friendly and helpful.	
Nov 20 2008 	Stay here!	We stayed here over Memorial Day weekend in 2008 and got a great deal booking directly through the hotel's website using the AAA rate. All the reviews on TripAdvisor were great, so we had our hopes high.The Platinum didn't disappoint. Check-in was a breeze and we got a regular suite on a high floor. Our room faced away from the Strip, but still had a great view. I suspect this was originally going to be a condo tower, but was converted to a hotel. All the rooms are suites, with a full kitchen, living room, washer/dryer and full size bathroom with separate shower and tub. It also had a generous balcony and flat screen TV. The hotel is non-smoking, which was great! Plus, the washer/dryer are perfect for washing the smoke out of your clothes after being in the smoky casinos.The hotel is on Flamingo behind the Strip. It's within walking distance of the Strip (you can cut through Bally's), but I'd still recommend getting a car, because it can be quite a hike after a night of drinking and gambling.We didn't eat at the hotel or use the pool or spa, so I can't comment on that. But the staff was so friendly and so accommodating to servicing our room at any time of the day or night (you know how off your schedule can be when you're in Vegas).I can't wait to stay here again the next time I go to Vegas.	
Nov 17 2008	Fantastic - worth more than platinum	This hotel is about the best thing since sliced bread! Apparently it began its life as an apartment building and the room that we had was essentially a 1 bedroom apartment. We arrived early in Las Vegas and when we got to the hotel, we expected that we would have to leave our bags and return later in the day to complete check in. Thankfully they had a room ready for us and we were blown away when we opened the door. The first thing that greeted us was the large open plan kitchen/dining and lounge room. Then we saw the large bedroom and gigantic bathroom where you could have had a small party. Everything about the place is fantastic and recently renovated. The room also had a small private balcony. It would have been wonderful to enjoy the amenities in the kitchen, as well as a soak in the large bathroom, but unfortunately we were only in Las Vegas for less than 24 hours. I understand the hotel also has a pool and beauty facilities, but our brief stay meant we didn't get the opportunity to enjoy either of these. The price that we paid for the room was very reasonable and I am really glad that we made the decision to pay for the room earlier this year when the Australian Dollar was stronger. Regardless of that, the room price represents exceptional value for money. The hotel is an easy walk away from the strip and if you get loaded up with lots of shopping, it isn’t too far to come back to the hotel to dump your bags.You should be aware that, unlike most of the other hotels in Las Vegas, this one doesn't have a casino or themed shopping arcades on site. But when all of that is so easily accessible elsewhere, you don't really need it right outside your door. A trip to Las Vegas is definitely on the cards again sometime in the future and we will not even bother exploring other options – the Platinum Hotel is truly fantastic.	
Nov 17 2008 	Love it! Love it! Love it!	This hotel is amazing! I couldn't believe my eyes when I opened the door to my room and saw how big the room was. I felt like I was home. A separate living area with a full kitchen and then I walked in the bathroom and saw the awesome jacuzzi tub.....heaven! Not only was the room amazing but the staff at the hotel was friendly and fun. I was there for work and I felt like I knew so many of the staff members before I left. If you decide to stay at the Platinum Hotel you have to vist the lobby bar and ask for Ross. An awesome bartender and a lot of fun.	
Nov 16 2008 	Wonderful place to stay in Vegas	My wife &amp; I just returned from a short 3-night stay in Las Vegas at the Platinum Hotel. We booked a Solitaire suite and it was SO nice. There was a full kitchen with refrig, stove, dw, microwave and stone countertops. It was stocked with dishes &amp; utensils if you like to cook your own meals (we didn't). There is a living room with flat-panel TV &amp; Bose radio, a bedroom with a 2nd TV plus a pillow-top king-size bed and the bathroom is unbelievable. There are 2 sinks, marble countertop, tile shower and jacuzzi bath. Everything is very clean and well kept - just like the entire hotel.The entire building is non-smoking so there is no cigarette smell that you get just about everywhere in Vegas. They charge a large fee to anyone caught smoking in their room. We did see &amp; smell evidence of smoking - butts on the floor in the stairwells, but nowhere else. Check in is at 4pm so plan accordingly. We got there around 1 on Sat and our room wasn't ready until 4. We left our bags with the concierge and checked out the nearby places. There is an Arco gas station right next door with music playing, so I don't think you'd want a room on the lower floors next to that (ours was on the &quot;mountain&quot; side rather than the &quot;strip&quot; side). Ellis Island is about a 2 minute walk around the corner and is a great place for cheap good meals. Be sure to get the $4.99 5-oz NY steak &amp; eggs breakfast or the $6.99 10-oz sirloin steak dinner. Bally's is a 5-minute walk from the hotel, very safe but lots of traffic on the street. One thing we learned is to go through Bally's parking lot where it is much quieter rather than walking on the sidewalk. Once at Bally's its another 5 minutes to the Monorail station, where we each bought a 3-day (72 hours) pass for $28. This will take you anywhere on the strip between the MGM Grand up to the Hilton.As advised here, we asked for a room on the upper floors and got a room on the 5th floor - very quiet yet convenient to the fitness center &amp; Kilawat restaurant. The fitness center was very nice with several machines &amp; free weights, and 4 TVs to watch. Bring your own headphones though as the ones provided were all in the &quot;used&quot; bowl. We ate at Kilawat our last morning and were very pleased with both the food and service.	
Nov 14 2008 	The best hotel experience in Las Vegas	Well, let me just start by saying i went to LV with a friend, and this was the first trip for both of us. Needless to say we were absolutely amazed at the calibre of service and quality of the rooms at the Platinum hotel.Firstly, check -in was prompt, courteous and we even got a complimentary upgrade, which was a lovely way to start our LV trip. The room was amazing (or should i say the apartment was amazing). The kitchen and living areas were immaculate and spacious, the bathroom was fabulous and the beds were very comfortable. It was great to have a large balcony and a view out over the city. Our only regret is that we didn't have time to enjoy the huge spa bath!The service from day 1 was wonderful. Everyone was kind and being in non-casino, non-smoking venue off the strip is definitely the way to go in LV. Only a very short walk to the Strip, and believe me, it is like a breath of fresh air to return to this hotel after a night on the town.I am not a big fan of the loud music, constant ringing of the slot machines and smoke hanging in the air at the casinos (which for most hotels, you have to trudge through, with luggage in tow, before you even see the check-in desk). We tried other accommodation on the Strip later in our stay (just for something different) and nothing could compare. The Platinum lives up to its name....a fine establishment and a place i will definitely stay at again .	
Nov 4 2008 	Heaven- just off the Strip	Stayed 5 nights in October with husband &amp; 2 children (17 &amp;11yrs). We all loved it here. We booked a one bedroomed &quot;Solitaire&quot; suite.Check -in was a painless experience. We were upgraded ( no fee) to a &quot;Princess&quot; suite. We were on the 8th floor with a Strip view. If you can, try to get a higher floor.All the staff we encountered were friendly and polite. We didn't have a car and we didn't use the restaurants.The room was exceptional. Much bigger than we expected, spotlessly clean &amp; very well equipped (for any Brits visiting there is a kettle!!) The beds were comfortable, and clean.We had 2 queen beds, so didn't use the sofa bed in the lounge. Plenty of wardrobe space. Bathroom was big, with large whirlpool bath, walk in shower, double sinks, hairdryer. The pool was quiet. We were the only people in the pool each time we visited.You are only a short walk (10 mins) from the Ballys/Bellagio junction on the Strip. On the walk to the strip there are at least 3 convenience stores for basic provisions. At the end of each exhausting day visiting the sights of Las Vegas the Platinum was a smoke free, peaceful haven to return to.	
Nov 1 2008	Platinum it is	We stayed at the Platinum Hotel &amp; Spa for 3 nights in mid September - what a great place. We booked a Princess Suite - superb as were the staff. A restful, peaceful, central location just back from the Strip. Facilities in every way were great and a perfect place to come down to earth after being in the Grand Canyon area for 5 days. Cannot fault this place - it was perfect for us in every way and one of the most comfortable and certainly the reasonably priced we have stayed.Fred &amp; Denny, Perth, Australia	
Oct 31 2008 	Horrible Valet service	We recently spent 12 days in Vegas. The first 5 were to be at the MGM signature the last 7 were to be at the Platinum. The first 5 days at the Signature were awesome! Then we came to the Platinum and it went downhill from there. Check-in was fine room was freakin awesome!! Then we decided to go to dinner. Came down ask the Valet to get our car, then proceeded to wait 10-12 minutes till it showed up. In the mean time not one other car came or left to distract the valet. So, when he finally showed, I asked if it typically takes that long to get a car. He responded by telling me that valet was a free service and if I wanted my car fast, then I needed to take care of him then he would take care of me!!!! I was blown away that he said that to my face. I went right in and told the manager. She gave me a pass that kept my car parked in front of the hotel for the rest of our stay. That way, we didn't have to deal with the Valets again. So, we were pleased until the next night when we come back from dinner and the head valet proceeds to tell me that he'll park my car this time, but from now on, I needed to go park it myself on the 10th floor of the parking garage because that's what VIP's do!!! I said that sounds like park your own car to me. He then told me he was there last night and saw the other valet get in trouble and he wasn't going to get in trouble, so I needed to park it myself then just walk back!! I said whatever, We're going to leave in the morning. We told the manager, then checked out the next morning. So, as long as you don't get a rental car, Platinum is great. If you do get a car, DON'T STAY HERE!!!!	
Oct 29 2008 	Best Hotel Experience Ever!	I just returned from a business trip in Vegas in which we stayed at the Platinum Hotel. I've stayed in many hotels; however, I have NEVER had such an EXCELLENT overall experience as I did at the Platinum! I had a late arrival and was extremely tired, the front desk person that checked me in (I think it was REBECCA) was the most pleasant and accomodating person I'd ever met in the service industry! I stayed in one of the Solataire suites, which was beautiful. There was not one flaw in the cleanliness, decor, etc. Room Service was prompt and the food was delicious! When I needed help with the air conditioning thermostat (user error!), they had an engineer at my door to help within five minutes! The bed was very comfortable (rare in most hotels!) and there was very little outside noise, even with a corner room facing the street!When checking out, again, the front desk person (this time it was JESSICA) offered to print my boarding pass when I didn't have enough cash on hand to use the facility's Internet kiosk, and when our taxi didn't show up (we were in a time crunch), the hotel concierge arranged for us a ride using the hotel's car. I will DEFINITELY stay at the Platinum EVERY TIME we visit Vegas and I would recommend it to everyone! :)~	
Oct 23 2008 	Fantastic!!	Stayed at the Platinum to celebrate my 50th with my sisters and daughter. Fantastic!! Just a few steps off the strip and close to EVERYthing! It was a wonderful trip and the Platinum was the icing on the cake. Thank you!!	
Oct 20 2008	the best hotel in vegas	hi all,im again at my fav hotel in vegas THE PLATINUM SUITES,and im at the hotel now as i write this review.when you check-in to this hotell you will notice how attentive the hotel staff are and its all genuin,when you want anything done they do it with speed and they do it correctly on the 1st goe,and i must give a massive 10 out of 10 to the concierge GITA.now as im from the uk and my fience is from the usa i spoke to gita and asked her to arrange some rosses to be placed in the room and 1 of the rossses to be placed on the bed as a surprise for my fience when we got into the room yesterday,this all had to be arranged by phone---dont forget im doing this from the uk aswell---not only did GITA get this all done she managed to have this all arranged for me on her day off aswell,all i can say is that you can keep youre ceasers and youre mgms----[ive stayed in them aswell]this hotel is fantastick,just behind ballys so the strip is only a 10 minuetes walk and all the suites from the smallest to the biggest are massive in size and all fitted to the highest standard.all i can say is that if you ever wonna stay at a hotel in vegas with luxury and you dont wonna get ripped of by the mgm or harrahs group then stay at the platinum hotel las vegas	
Oct 19 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed here for 6 nights on our honeymoon at the end of September. We had booked a Solitaire suite with a mountain view but were upgraded on check-in to a Princess suite (we could pick our view so went for the Mountain view, which was amazing at sunrise). Go for a high floor room.Check-in was quick and friendly.The hotel is lovely, the rooms are huge, the bathroom is amazing.We ate in the restaurant for breakfast a couple of times, the service was a bit slow but the food was good. The Hotel bar is nice but was never very busy so you got served quickly.The location is ideal, a short walk to the strip and we felt safe walking at any time of day.The staff are very friendly and they gave us a bottle of champagne on my birthday which was a lovely gesture.The only thing I would say is that the public areas are looking a bit worn already in certain places and the cleanliness could be improved (the pool area was left with dirty plates/bottles). Our room was not always cleaned as good as it should have been, but this was a minor thing and we would have no hesitation in returning back or recommending to others.	
Oct 14 2008 	Perfect stay away from the strip	As a non-gambler, non-partier who was in Vegas to work (weird, I know!), I was looking for a quiet but convenient upscale hotel away from the Strip. I had only been to Vegas once before, so I searched Tripadvisor and found the Platinum. In fact, I gave up Hilton points at the Embassy Suites to book the Platinum, so it had better be good.I couldn't have been more pleased. Where do I start? It's nonsmoking with no casino, both pluses for me. The two-room suites are huge, with a full kitchen, washer and dryer, and two-person whirlpool with separate tile shower. It was really more than I needed, but anyone, especially a couple, coming for an extended stay would really hit the jackpot (ha!). The rate was outstanding - $160 per night.The hotel was quiet. There is some road noise from a busy nearby intersection, and some airplane noise, but keeping the A/C fan on takes care of that. There is a 7-11 next door for food and snacks, including frozen entrees if you actually decided to cook in the room.It is a short walk to the monorail and Strip (10 minutes). The neighborhood is tacky but OK. I had a business meeting at the Flamingo, and walked the two blocks several times. People staying at the Flamingo complained about mold and noise, and I just smiled.If you want to gamble, the Westin is a half block away, with a nonsmoking casino. Ellis Island casino and restaurant is next door, a throwback to early Vegas- dark, smoky, and funky - but with decent and cheap food available (a $6.99 steak dinner).If you're looking for a a respite from the Vegas chaos, the Platinum is the place. You can enjoy all the action on your own terms, and then escape it if you wish.If I come back sometime, I will definitely be at the Platinum.	
Oct 3 2008 	quiet oasis off the strip	My husband and I stayed at the Platinum for three nights in september. Because we are not gamblers, there was no allure to staying in a casino hotel. The Platinum is just behind Bally's and is about a 7 to 10 minute walk from the center of the strip. The property is not particularly distinctive from the outside, but once inside, it is upscale, modern, quiet and non-smoking. Our room was actually a full one bedroom apartment, complete with a washer/dryer. There is a small pool on the 5th floor. Quiet place to take a dip and read a book. There is a lovely spa on the 4th floor. I had two wonderful massages there. Hotel staff was very pleasant. Eva at the front desk was particularly attentive.	
Sep 30 2008 	Dollar for Dollar the Best Hotel in Vegas!	WOW...the Platinum is even better than indicated in the great reviews on Tripadvisor! We've stayed in every major Vegas property during the past 15 years and Platinum was beyond our expectations. Until our recent stay at Platinum, we thought MGM Signature was the best buy on the Strip...no more!The accomodations are at least twice as large as typical Vegas hotel rooms. Get a &quot;Princess&quot; unit, which is over 1,000 square feet with a separate bedroom, living room and kitchen. It has a big screen plasma TV, a huge jacuzzi tub for two, a fireplace, a washer/dryer, not to mention a full kitchen with all appliances!The rooms are clean and modern and our experiences at the bar and restaurant were great. There is a very hip and lively feel to the entire property. There is a nice fitness room and there is also an indoor and outdoor pool, which is not very common at the other Vegas properties! We had a lot of fun any time we were using the hotel amenities during our stay. Try to get a room on the 10th floor or higher and definitely pay extra for a Strip view. You will have an outdoor balcony with a table and seating for 4. The view of the Strip at night from the balcony or the living room is amazing!The Platinum is a very short walk to the Strip. In fact, it's about 5 minute walk to the Monorail or the back entrance to Bally's. From there, you can get anywhere you want very easily.As someone who has stayed at Wynn, Bellagio, Venetian, Mandalay and every other top Vegas property, I can assure you that the Platinum will easily meet or exceed your expectations. I would especially recommend the Platinum to anyone staying more than 2 or 3 days on the Strip.Hope this review helps!	
Sep 26 2008 	Hit the jackpot	Originally booked at the Wynn for a convention but decided to changed when searched web and some of the read reviews. The room size which was a suite, was around 1050 sq feet. The room were very luxurious with a 2 person whirlpool tub in the bathroom. The bathroom was bigger than most bathrooms you would get at any casino. It came with a full kitchen that included a refrigerator dishwasher microwave stove and oven and full set of dishes. the living room was nice size with a beautiful view of the mountains and a balcony. It also had a fireplace a large screen high definition screen tv. My room also had a washer and dryer. The bedroom was again nice size with the most comfortable bed that we ever slept on. They gave us 2 luxurious white spa robes to use with no extra charge. they also had a gym and a indoor outdoor pool.The staff when above and beyond to please you starting with the valet parking down to maids. My wife and I felt we hit the jackpot with our choice of this hotel.	
Sep 25 2008 	LOVE IT!	This hotel is great!... We reviewed all pictures before booking it, but once we arrived to our room.... WOW! .. It was better than the pictures on the websites. The price is decent and since we book a month in advance we got a good deal. Our rooms were nice and clean. I love the fact that we had a big kitchen area. All the kitchen appliances were farly new and modern. Also its a non smoking hotel... so there isnt that ugly stuffy smell as soon as you walk in, like the other Hotels in Vegas. The hotel isnt located on the Las Vegas Strip, but it was fine with me. A little walk didnt hurt. It was only one block away from Ballys! So next time try Platinum Hotel!	
Sep 21 2008 	Absolutely loved this hotel!	First time in Vegas and hit the jackpot with this hotel! Thanks to the other reviewers here for putting it in our sights! We had the Solitaire Suite (limited view). Limited as in you can't see The Strip I suppose. But the hotel nextdoor was all lowrise - and we saw the mountains instead! Benefits of being non-gaming and just off The Strip obvious from walking through any other manic hotel lobby. We never had any wait at check-in or check-out and it was lovely to have a haven of quiet at the end of the day. The suite was huge - fully kitted out kitchen - including dishwasher and washer/dryer and we had a balcony, and a double jacuzzi bath! Spent one hot hot morning up on the rooftop pool - with only 6 other people there the entire time. Heaven. Service was always great - from drinks poolside, to valet parking, to extra coffee for our coffee machine. Really is only a short walk - less than 5 mins to the back entrance/monorail station of Ballys. And there is a gas station and 7Eleven just across the road. Internet connection is a little pricier than some places $9.99 for 1-2 hours - but didn't bother us - cheaper to make your own coffee, than lug a laptop to a cafe anyway! Would definitely stay at the Platinum again.	
Sep 16 2008	Nice Hotel Bad Service	I booked the Princess Suite for a 4 day 3 night weekend. great Price through Expedia.com. Paid in full when i reserved the room. Arrived at the Hotel and even after i put 4 people on expedia.com the staff said they only charged me for 2 so i had to pay 50 per person per night. I had guest over later on after i checked in. same lady from the front desk called and told me there would additional charges for my the people in my room i let her know they were my guest and they would leave she was a bit rude. The room was amazing, nice full kitchen, whirlpool bathtub. 2 plasmas. While i got ready to get in the shower i noticed the shower started overfilling and the shower was clogged called front desk and they said engineer would come up i waited about an hour and a half so i had to take a bath in the tub. When i went into the kitchen i noticed there was a huge puddle of water, the fridge was not working and everything in it was going bad. Called front desk and they moved me. Following day in the afternoon i was getting out of the shower and i hear the door open and the housekeeping lady walked through the door even while there was a do not disturb sign on the door, i asked her what she was doing and she said i called for room service and she walked in through the room while i am standing in my towel im telling her to get out because i dont need it she proceeds to go through the rooms and then i told her what was the problem and she said i will call house keeping to check if u called or not, housekeeping never sent her up to my room and she was so disrespectful. i complained but got nothing out of it. I checked out on Monday and i got home to check my account and found out that the platinum charged the hotel twice on my card. still trying to investigate the situation. Nice Hotel but i would recommend to sta elsewhere hospitality is not good. service is horrible.	
Sep 15 2008 	Nice retreat close to the strip	The hotel offers reasonably priced rooms with quality furnishings, close proximity and a smoke free environment. I utilized the restaurant, room service and in-room laundry during my stay for a convention. Staff were always friendly, well trained and informative. The location is close to the Bally's monorail station.	
Sep 15 2008 	Best find in Vegas	What a great find, rooms are so spacious and better value than anywhere on the strip. The staff are friendly and it is so refreshing to have such personal service. Will deffinately recommend to all our friends	
Sep 14 2008 	Win in Vegas	Staying at the Platinum is a win. This is a beautiful hotel. We had a terrific spacious 1-BR suite with living room and a kitchen. The accommodations and staff were excellent. I highly recommend it if you want to be right near, but not on the strip in Vegas. I'd stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 11 2008 	Wonderful Second Honeymoon	My husband and I stayed at the Platinum for our anniversary in early September. We had not planned to stay here but the other hotel we had booked on line was not able to honor our reservation and set up a reservation for us at the Platinum and we are glad they did. The hotel is a couple blocks off the strip so for those of you that want to let all the noise of the Strip fall away when you are done for the night this is a perfect location to do so but is still close enough to walk right back into the heart of everything the next day. We loved the huge jacuzzi tub, the bed was very comfortable and the views from our balacony were wonderful. we were a bit skeptical about the 5th floor pool and whether it would get good sun exposure but it gets sun all afternoon long from practically 11:30 am on. There was only one day that it was big crowded but the rest of the time we had the pool practically to ourselves. Food at the restaurant was nice sized portions and tasted great. there were a few minor issues with our bill and the room rate related to our reservation transfer from the other hotel but once we brought it to their attention it was quickly fixed. we would recommend this hotel to others that are looking for a quieter location to the strip with tons of space to relax and great service. we had a great time and look forward to coming back for another anniversary in years to come.	
Aug 29 2008 	Awesome Off-Strip Gem of a Hotel	The Las Vegas Platinum is a great alternative to the traditional Strip hotels... within close walking distance (1 block), guests can easly opt for the Strip experience and then retire to the quiet and solitude of the Platinum. The restaurant offers great and genuine service along with fantatic food at a reasonable price... and because it's smaller, there is never a wait to dine. One of the greatest features is the huge and comfortable rooms at an increadibly low price... 900 square feet (smallest room) plus a small kitchen area, plenty of space to spread out and be comfortable... the 42 inch HDTV also made it pleasure to relax in the room. The decor is very comtemporary and the hotel offers a great little lounge that's never crowded and the bartender (Christian) offers genuine 'personality' in town a where most service staff have their hands out waiting for a tip before even greeting a guest.For any guest wanting the Las vegas experiences without all of the noise craziness... or wish to experience the craziness in smaller doses... this is a great hoyel to stay... the only one I'll be going back to from here on out!	
Aug 26 2008 	GREAT HONEYMOON!	My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights on our honeymoon. I have to admit, it was a GREAT choice for honeymooners as previous reviews have said.We were greeted by very kind valets who told us that we had a great time, took our bags and opened the front doors for us. The front desk was a continuation of great service and check-in was a breeze. They upgraded us at check in to a larger suite which was nice. However, all rooms at the platinum are suites, the smallest being 900+ square feet so you wont ever be staying in a bad room.The room was very clean and tidy and smelled nice. It included everything including a washer/dryer with included soap and dryer sheets as well as a fireplace. The room was absolutely gigantic with GREAT views of the strip. The hotel is non-smoking which is an extra plus if you dont smoke. (Those of you who dont like tobacco smoke know how impossible it is to get away from it in vegas.) Each time we entered in the hotel, the front desk asked how we were and how the room was. They were very kind and courteous. The location of the hotel is about a block and a half off the strip. However, we were located only about a 5 minute walk to the monorail station at Ballys and that was perfect. The location isnt that bad and my wife and I enjoyed the 5 minute stroll each night back to the hotel on a safe Flamingo Rd. You can also take the Deuce bus that runs flamingo rd if you dont want to walk. There are no dangerous concerns that you need to worry about.The only bad thing we encountered was an interesting smell as we got off of the elevator on the floor of our room. It was only by the cleaning closet and it wasnt in our room but it wasnt pleasant.Overall, this is a GREAT hotel for anyone!	
Aug 23 2008 	Platinum was the best!	We booked the Platinum directly over the internet, because our travel agent could not book it, and tried to book either a casino hotel, or a cheap motel somewere off-strip. The Platinum is perfectly located just one block of the strip, and has very comfortable rooms, with everything you could wish on a holiday. There were some minor technical issues in the room, but the staff was very efficient in fixing those. We had a perfect stay, and would have loved to stay longer (but our schedule would not permit).	
Aug 22 2008 	Long Let Platinum Reign!	Aug 17th - 20th. What a beautiful hotel -- it fulfilled my requirements for a nice place to spend a few days. I had asked for and received a higher floor (16th) with a breathtaking mountain view. I'm from NYC so looking at sky not obscured by sky scrapers was a dream come true. I sat on the balcony each morning watching the sunrise, drinking coffee and observing Vegas revitalizing itself. My family drove down from California to visit me and were so taken by my suite --- they are thinking of holding their 40th anniversary party there! I'm also pre-planning a family reunion from the grandparents to the grandchildren - everyone would be so comfortable here.On behalf of all of us that don't smoke -- that was the biggest draw to the hotel. After cruising the mega hotels, I was so glad to be able to go back to Platinum and not inhale one more spiral of smoke. You can't go wrong in choosing this hotel. As others have mentioned Bally's is 2 blocks away, as well as the monorail. But that home away from home is an experience that can't be beat.	
Aug 21 2008 	Beware the upgrade!	The Platinum would have you belive that it is a really high end place at a great price, but it actually is high end rooms with service that is average at best.I arrived at 11:30 to check in and the girl at the front desk informed me that my room was not ready yet (I figured that might happen, no big deal). She told me I could upgrade to a better room for either $45 or $60 per night. I declined and asked when the room would be ready. She said 4pm. I was prepared to hang out and do something, I asked if there was a chance the room would be ready earlier, she at first said no. I inquired if maybe, possibly, I could check back one of the rooms might be ready, she seemed hesitant to admit that one of the rooms in the entire hotel could be ready then, but conceded it could be. She said she’d check me in and I could just come back for the key, well during the check in process she tells me she is upgrading me for free, that’s awfully nice I think. I get to my room, excited to freshen up and think to myself, this seems exactly like the room I expected (my sister confirmed it was a standard suite when she arrived later on). So I wonder if they tell you there are no rooms to coerce you into an upgrade, I thought about complaining, but figured I’d let it go. Then I couldn’t get the TV on or adjust the AC. I called down to the front desk and she informed me I had a “green room” where you need to insert the room key into a slot near the door to activate some of the lights, TV and AC. Gee, you think they would have told me that when I checked in. The next problem was with the AC, I could adjust it and it would work for about 5-10 minutes and then shut off. I stopped by the front desk, the girl who checked me in said “I don’t think you can adjust the air”. I walked away thinking that didn’t make any sense and when I returned from the pool later I called down again and they sent up a maintenance guy to look at it, sure enough he had to reset the system. He even changed the AC filter, he was very polite and quick about it. The suite was quite spacious with kitchen, living room, bedroom, although the toilet is not separate from the shower or sinks or tub, so you can only have one person in there at a time, which is a weird use of space for such a large suite. It was very clean, although we found if you were in the room in the morning when housekeeping came they either wouldn’t come back or would call to ask if you wanted the room serviced. The location is a bit off the strip, which I knew. The walk to Bally’s wasn’t so much far to enter the side door by the Sport’s book, it was a little sketchy though, not sure I’d feel safe if I was a single woman. Right next to the hotel is an AM/PM market and an abandoned dry cleaner that has about 4 dudes who look like Tom Hanks from the movie Castaway living in front of it. There is also a 7-11. So there are all kinds of snacks, etc available nearby. This is good since in the hotel itself there is only one restaurant and room service available. There is a bar downstairs, but it was empty most of the time. There is no quick place available for coffee inside, you can make it yourself in your room or do like I did and walk to the AM/PM, which was fine with me since I got to see a guy who looked exactly like Eddie Murphy as Velvet Jones from SNL.The Pool area is nice, I don’t really have any complaints about it, although there is no lifeguard or supervision there so if you get a rowdy group they will jump in and horse around, etc. Doesn’t bother me, but it might some people.The Spa is nice, we went on Monday and we were the only people there. They have a discounted Swedish Massage Monday-Thursday $75 for 50 minutes.Overall, I might return, but I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here again.	
Aug 21 2008	Loved this hotel!	If you don't mind not having a casino in the lobby, this hotel is an excellent choice! We stayed there for a week in December (I forgot to write the review until now). Very easy access to the strip - we walked up 1 block and entered at Bally's back entrance. The hotel is wonderful. We found a cheaper rate than what the hotel was offering through the I Prefer website. You have to join (but it's free). We were offered a $159 rate through the hotel but received a $129 rate through I Prefer. Our room had a full kitchen with granite, a very large bathroom w/ marble, and a large bedroom. If you get a chance, try the restaurant at the top of the hotel.	
Aug 11 2008	Worth not being on strip	We have just returned from a trip to Las Vegas staying at the Platinum. We were there for our son's 21st birthday. The hotel was perfect. As we have a boy and girl the suite was ideal. We didn't find it any problem walking to the strip (only the heat was a problem!). You can actually see the strip from the hotel. The hotel staff were always very helpful and we wouldn't hesitate to recommend a visit.	
Aug 9 2008 	Great place	My wife and I spent only one night here en route to CA, but if we ever return to Vegas we'll definitely stay again. The suite was gorgeous. Very clean, tastefully appointed and with a wonderful view. The staff was outstanding, helpful and always with a smile. Our only complaint is that we didn't have enough time to enjoy all of the facilities, such as the pool and restaurant. Although the surrounding block isn't the best, we never felt concerned for our safety. It's a short walk (5 minutes) to Bally's and the strip. Be sure to look for the best deal by using all available websites, however. The prices vary greatly.	
Aug 8 2008 	Luxurious	The Platinum Hotel features luxurious rooms that are more like apartments than hotel rooms. It is less crowded and much quieter than the mega hotels on the strip. I also appreciated that the entire property is non-smoking.Check in and check out was quick and efficient. We were upgraded to a Princess Suite even though I booked a Solitaire Suite. The bellhop was courteous and informative. The valets were always quick in retrieving my car.You can get an idea of how nice the rooms are from other traveler's pictures. The kitchen was very handy because we cooked some meals in the room. The kitchen includes plates, cups, and utensils. If you need pots and pans you have to ask the front desk. It was great having a refrigerator so that we could bring back leftovers and have easy access to the ice and water dispenser.The air conditioner kept the room very cool and it was much appreciated because of triple digit temperatures. Housekeeping came everyday and did a decent job of cleaning. There were some crumbs that weren't swept up but not a big deal. The pool is decent sized and wasn't crowded. They have pool chairs to lie down and tan on.I liked that the hotel didn't nickel and dime me. Other hotels tack on so many fees and surcharges but the Platinum didn't.The Platinum was an oasis where we could relax and cool down after a hot day in the desert. I would stay here again.	
Jul 29 2008 	Gorgeous!	Beautiful suites, checkin very friendly and very efficient, we had booked Solitaire suite with twin beds but there were none available, we were upgraded to a larger strip view Princess suite provided with rollaway bed all at no extra cost, this worked out much better as my husband &amp; I had a kingsize bed in the main bedroom; in the lounge area my 10 year old daughter had double sofa bed &amp; my 12 year old son had the single rollaway. Plus this suite had a washing machine and dryer with free detergent topped up on request (so we brought back cases full of clean clothes (a holiday first). We were on the 9th floor with views to the pool. The cleaner was perfect, if we left little notes requests were met ie dishwasher tablets etc. The dishwasher was emptied or if we had put on a wash &amp; it had finished it would be emptied and put plates away, fluffy towels replaced, toiletries replaced. Wish I could have a daily cleaner at home, felt totally spoilt. The pool was great to have a cool afternoon dip after being out in the heat, towels are provided at poolside so no need to take your own beach towels. We stayed for 10 nights and loved every minute, having 2 x TV's and Bose music system along with lots of space, we found it very relaxing, getting ready in the morning/evening was stress free. Only shame was we had to come home.Tips - Ellis Island nextdoor fab for breakfast or eating at anytime as its open 24hours, traditional American atmosphere and very good value and huge fruit platter $9 enough for 4, steaks tender $7. Seven Eleven great for stocking up the huge American fridge which has a water dispenser so no need to buy bottled water. Recommend Big Horn Wild West Tours for Hoover Dam &amp; Grand Canyon Tours in a Hummer, picked up from Hotel, check out www.bighornwildwesttours.com (better than going by plane as given flight slots time at tour is rushed to enable return flight) this company is very organised and nothing rushed.	
Jul 28 2008 	First Class	First let me say sorry for writing this so late. It is only because we have just booked to go back that I realised I had not written the review for last time!We stayed 19th-26th December, we booked direct and reserved a solitaire suite with a limited view (cheapest).We were upgraded to a princess suite with a mountain view, which was huge.The suite was well equipped with full kitchen including a full size fridge/freezer with built in ice maker. The bath was big enough to swim in! and had jacuzzi jets, very good for soaking after long walks up and down the strip.The pool was great it was December and the pool was heated, it had an indoor and outdoor part and a large heated jacuzzi, towels were provided in huge hampers. You could swim in hte pool and watch as the lights came on at the strip - amazing.Service was exceptionally from the reception to the door staff, must mention Claire on reception who was always so friendly. We were staying with our 6 year old son and everyone always remembered his name - nice touch.The hotel is just a 10 min walk from the strip, and you can just nip in Bally's to catch the monorail which is very handy.On our final day we could not get a taxi so one of the doormen drove us to the airport in the hotel car - wonderful serviceIf you want execellent amenities, friendly staff, non smoking, close to the strip, do not look any further, this is a great hotel and we cannot wait to go back.	
Jul 25 2008 	Very Disappointing	We arrived late and had booked two queen beds. They said we don't have any rooms with 2 queen beds so we'll upgrade you to a king. Then we were given a terrible room overlooking the roof of the restaurant. They play music by the pool - ALL NIGHT, and guess what is next to the restaurant - the pool! So we got a view of standpipes and tar paper and got to listen to thumping disco music probably till about 3 am when I put in my earplugs. We complained and were given another room which had - BROKEN AIR CONDITIONING. It was 105 outside and about 90 in the room. The air compressor was broken, would come on for about 2 minutes and then die making a loud banging noise. We only had to stay in that room one night so we decided to tough it out and sleep in 90 degree heat. My husband grabbed one of the faucet handles in the bathroom and - voila! It was attached to nothing. The whole thing was just sitting on the granite counter - not attached to piping (there was no plumbing under the sink) - just sitting there like a display model. We were joking - hey, too bad it doesn't match our home decor - free handle! The person at the front desk was less than helpful and kept saying &quot;Man, we upgraded you the first night and we upgraded you again for no charge.&quot; When we told him the air conditioning was broken in the room he comp'ed us breakfast. Whoopee. I would not recommend this place to anybody.	
Jul 22 2008 	Double Platinum	Can't beat the size of the rooms and the overall class of this great hotel. Everyone we encountered on the staff was a pleasure to deal with. From the front desk who upgraded our room, to the valets to the restaurant manager and staff, we were treated like welcome guests at mostly all turns. Except...There was only one negative: we ordered room service at about 11:30 pm and were told it was really busy and would take about a half hour to get to our room. Fair enough. However, the food did not arrive until 1:15 am and the girl that delivered it was a little less polished, as she said nothing besides telling me about extra charges I was incurring for the room service. I would have disputed had I not been so tired from falling asleep while waiting for the food to arrive.Everything else was so spectacular that I was able to overlook this and enjoy our short stay. I would just hope that Platinum trains their entire staff to the high standards that they strive for. I would recommend Platinum, especially to anyone who wants a great place away from the bustle of the Strip, yet still close enough to it when/if you want it.	
Jul 21 2008 	Nice Place - but avoid the Lobby Bar	Nice place, great price for what you get, good size suites with full kitchens and amenities, especially if you get upgraded. My daughter and most of our group were upgraded to larger suites with washer/dryers in them. All of the suites have a shower AND a fantastic double size hot tub.. .bring bubble bath and champagne for a fun night! One tip.. don't let them give you a handicap room unless you need one..our 1st night they put us on the 2nd floor in a handicap room and it was noisy and the closets were only 1/2 height, so my dresses wouldn't hang up. I didn't want to unpack in the middle of the night so waited a until morning to complain. They moved us to another (quieter) room right away. Ask them (when you're checking in) for a room on one of the upper floors unless they are 100% booked (unlikely in this economy). The staff at the front desk, the concierge, and the valets were all friendly and helpful...nice people. BUT it was another story at the lobby bar. The bar man was in a bad mood both times we went ..he was actually pretty disagreeable in general and acted like he was doing us a favor to serve us drinks. If I were you..I'd go to Ballys or Tuscany next door and get better drinks and less aggravation. ..hopefully he'll be either gone or in a better mood by the time you go. The location of the hotel itself is fine, a little off the beaten track, but not far from the middle of the strip and you can catch the &quot;Duce&quot; bus about a block up from the hotel that will take you almost anywhere on the strip or to downtown. The 24hr pass is only $5.00. The pool area is nice, but somewhat hot in the summer as it's on a roof top and there's no greenery to cool things off. All in all I'd stay there again, but ask for a room on the 10th to 17th floor as they are quieter and if the same bar man is there..I'd go next door for drinks.	
Jul 15 2008 	Platinum Class	We stayed five nights and found the Platinum an excellent choice, we prefer an off strip hotel in Vegas and this is the best we have stayed in to date.The reception staff were extremely helpful at all times, we had a prepaid rate and there was no suggestion of any extra charges, the room we had gave us a good view of the Strip looking northwards.The accommodation is top class with even the smallest suite-Solitaire-having its own balcony, sitting room, American kitchen with all amenities, separate bedroom, bathroom with whirlpool bath and separate shower and twin hand basins.There are flat screen televisions in the sitting room and bedroom, with a Bose radio in the sitting room.The location is approximately 10-15 minutes walk from the Bellagio/Ballys/Caesars Palace/Flamingo junction on the Strip.There was no shortage of taxis from the front door and there was a public bus stop right outside the hotel.For any last minute items or grocery needs there is a 7Eleven right next door.Valet parking is compulsory but free, a small tip to the car guys is all thats needed, there was no big waiting time for your car to brought round.The bar area is very modern but quiet, there is a range of food available here.The pool area was very nicely furnished on the fifth floor, there is a waitress service for food and drinks here alsoThe only criticism we could make was the nearly four Dollars per minute for use of the Hotels computer in the busines centre, if you don't want the hassle of dragging your lap top with you this is an expensive way to access your e-mails.Overall an excellent property for the price which we booked through Hotels.com and would definitely recommend it..	
Jul 13 2008 	Enjoyed the Platinum	We stayed at the Platinum for 4 nights in June and were given a suite on the 16th floor with views of the strip. This was wonderful especially in the evening where we could just manage to see the water fountain show at the Bellagio from our bedroom window. Our suite was lovely with a big, comfortable bed. Thought the spa bath was huge but never actually had time to use it. The hotel was lovely and quiet and felt good to come back to a smoke free enviroment after having spent an evening in the strip casinos which although didn't appear smokey,always had the smell of smoke. I am a disabled traveller and asked the concierge if they could arrange a motorised scooter for me to get around, which they did very efficiently,which for us was probably the only negative about being off the strip as it restricted modes of transport other than walking. Would recommend the hotel if you are fit and able bodied.	
Jul 9 2008 	Needs work	We stayed at the Platinum over 4th of July weekend. At first sight, the hotel was beautiful. Our room however required some additional cleaning. I asked the staff to have the housekeepers come back while we were out. even after a second cleaning, the room still needed work and to top it off when I pulled down the bedspread there was a gift from the previous guest. And yes...it's what you were thinking. I spoke to the manager in the morning and he said he would send in a team to clean our room. When we got back in the room it was clean but the &quot;soiled&quot; bedspread was still there. We had about had it at this time. At no time were we ever offered an upgraded room or even a complimentary breakfast or drink. The only thing we received was an apology. On a better note, the hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating, especially Rob, the food and beverage manager. The hotel is beautiful but needs a shoeshine. They got the big things right but no one pays attention to the details. This place has does have potential if they can get their act together.	
Jul 9 2008 	Nice room but hotel will take every penny you have	I prepaid my trip through my work and thought that I was done with paying this hotel, however when I went to check in I was told that it was a 100.00 per night incidental charge which then took my 1300.00 week to 2000.00. The gentleman at the front desk told me that I would just get a credit card authorization but when I went to withdraw the funds from my account they were gone. On a night that I wasn't even in my room I was given a 500.00 charge for smoking when noone was there. The security guard I spoke with told me that I was threatening him when I told him that I would be contacting a lawyer to get my money back and the better business bureau. He also said that he could kick me out if I threatened him one more time. That 500.00 was the only money I had to get me thru the rest of the week so needless to say I checked out early, was told that I would have my 700.00 deposit back within a few minutes but then when I called my bank they let me know that the Platinum had a hold on my card for 2.5 more weeks. I will not stay at this hotel again, nor will i recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 9 2008 	Really nice hotel that is barely off the strip	I booked this hotel for a group of 4 (2 couples) for a short Vegas getaway and the price was too good to pass up! When we arrived at the hotel we were immediately impressed by the decor and size of the room. It was plenty of space to stretch out in and relax for the four of us and the huge bathroom with access from the main living area and the master bedroom was great.One problem that we did have was an issue with trying to order food to be delivered to this hotel. We attempted to order from Albertsons.com pre-trip and their website was having problems. When we arrived we asked if the concierge could help us with the issue and really got a lot of run around. Several phone calls back and forth did nothing to remedy the problem and it seemed we had to keep explaining the issue over and over again to each new person. While the Albertson's problem isn't the hotel's issue, I was a bit disappointed that they didn't offer many solutions for us (especially when I found out they have a private car for hire at the hotel that they could have told us about!).As for the hotel amenities - the master bedroom was huge and very comfortable with a big fluffy duvet and pillows. The fold out couch on the other hand (according to the couple that slept there) could have used some improvement. The gym facility was small but very clean and modern and free - so that's a big plus over most Vegas establishments. The pool was nice, although a bit small and felt crowded when the kids invaded. There were great lounge chairs on the pool deck and staff made sure it was spotless.Location was fantastic! The hotel is right next to a great brewery/pizza pub/karaoke bar/casino as well as just a block from Bally's. In fact, I bet it took the guests at Bally's just as long to get to the strip as it took us each day. Plus, it was nice to come back to the room and wind down in the quiet atmosphere.Overall, the hotel was a great value although service could use some small improvements. I would definitely stay here again and suggest it to others.	
Jul 3 2008 	Vegas Smoke-free Zone !	As a frequent, non-smoking visitor to Vegas, I am pleased to say that I have at last found a hotel that is &quot;smoke free&quot;. Although many have no-smoking rooms, the smell usually finds its way up the stairwells, along the corridors and under the doors. Not so with the Platinum.... not a tab end in sight (they charge you $500 for room cleaning if they find one !). I was slightly concerned about the compulsory car parking valet service (you know, whether to tip - what to tip - am I going to have four doors left if I dont ? ) but no need. The drivers were courtious and I didn't have to wait long for the car to arrive, all doors intact ( I did tip $2 a time - might seem mean but when you're in and out like a yoyo then it soon mounts up - and they seemed to appreciate it). The pool on the 5th floor was excellant and well warm, which it needed to be as the temperature was 105 degrees and getting into a cold pool would not have been easy and the view from the pool over the strip at night was amazing. The suite itself was everything that the web site suggested (I had a ninth floor view over Flamingo Road which was entertaining at times but amazingly quiet considering the amount of traffic). But my one gripe is that, although they provided a couple of small bottles of mineral water, they were going to charge me over $9 dollars if I drank it !Other than that, it was a great place to stay and will become my Vegas residence for the immediate future.	
Jul 2 2008 	Nice Break from the Strip	This is a really nice place with just a few drawbacks. The positives:- Just a few blocks off the Strip. An easy 5 to 10 minute walk.- Reasonable prices by Vegas terms. We paid about $180 per night, all-in. Maybe could have gotten it cheaper through Priceline but we booked direct on their website.- Very large suites with separate bedroom- No casino games- Helpful and knowledgeable concierge- The room did not smell like smoke, like so many Vegas hotels- Very comfortable beds (except for the sofa bed). Large kitchen with refrigerator and dishwasher.- Quiet (that's a biggie !)The negatives:- 100% valet parking - can be a hassle if you need to get something out of your car. Also, you can wait a long time if others are wanting their cars at the same time. - No automatic doors and no doorman. This was a problem as we had a lot of bags and nobody offered to even hold a door open.- The room was not exactly clean. There were some long black hairs in the sink when we arrived. Also, we used the pull-out sofa bed, and when we moved it away from the wall, there was a lot of dirt and other stuff hiding back there. The cleaning appeared to be superficial and not particularly thorough.- Expensive spa service (we thought about using it, but saw the prices and changed our minds)- No shuttle service, which would be a great selling point for this place if they had one- Not a great neighborhood (is there one 3 blocks from the Strip?)Overall, there is a very high likelihood that I will stay here the next time I come to Vegas.	
Jul 2 2008 	Too Short a Stay	We recently stayed one night at the Platinum Hotel and Spa in Las Vegas, and wish we had a few more to enjoy it. We had asked for an early check in, and got it while upgraded to a larger suite, without asking for it. The service from check in, to check out, and everything in between was excellent. If you want a smoke free hotel without the anergy of an onsite casino, this is agreat place to stay. You are still very close to the casinos, shows, and nearby restaurants, but you can escape to this quiet refuge. The pool area was very nice, and perfect for our small family of three. It was a nice atmosphere, with attentive, but not intrusive, service. Look forward to another chance to stay at this hotel, it will be my first choice when returning to Las vegas.	
Jul 1 2008 	Beautiful suite valet is a bear issue with smell	We booked after reading Trip Advisor reviews -- the suites are great, it is definitely true, and the breakfast in the restaurant was simply excellent. The reasons for my 'average' review was because we had to request a change of suite because of the awful smell on the 12th floor, apparently due to carpet cleaning (just terrible, and we were not the first ones to complain) -- however, the front desk manager helped us very professionally and swapped suites. Beautiful accommodations with view on the strip. Also, we HATED, HATED, the valet parking system - they took our car even though we were checking in and we had to wait a long time to retrieve our vehicle; most people complain about this. Trendy property, very pleasant, will definitely stay there again. They could use a shuttle to the strip. With young children, we specifically enjoyed the absence of casino.	
Jun 30 2008 	Amazing	We stayed in the Platinum for four nights whilst on our travels around the US and I have to say for the price we paid it was one of the best hotels I have stayed in. The rooms were large and the spacious bathroom and kitchen were a welcomed surprise. Hotel is a 5-10 minute walk to the strip. I would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Las Vegas.	
Jun 30 2008 	Highly recommend this place	This was an absolutely fabulous place to spend our 4 days in Las Vegas. We have an 8 year old with us so did not want a place with smoking or casinos. The staff was very friendly and gave us a free upgrade because it was my husband's 50th birthday and our 10 year anniversary. The Well Spa took time to answer all my questions about their products. I've never bothered to write a review before but this place really warranted it!	
Jun 27 2008 	O.K. if you want no casino	The Platinum was highly recommended by Trip Advisor members, and we booked on that basis for three nights. The hotel is on E Flamingo Road, and a 15 minute walk brings you to the main strip crossroads where on the four corners sit the Bellagio, Cesars Palace, Flamingo and Ballys/Paris Paris, so the location is excellent if you want a hotel where there is no casino to navigate on the way to your room. The Platinum is very clean, the accommodation is all suites, and even the smallest is huge, comprising a lounge area, kitchen area with an enormous cooker, separate microwave, a fridge you could walk in etc. large bedroom dressing area enormous whirlpool tub, and separate shower with 2 basin wash area. If you have a room with a view of the strip you will not be disappointed especially at night. We did not use the spa - the rates are horrendously expensive. The pool is on 5th floor and looks clean and adequate. We had breakfast on only one day in the restaurant which was also adequate. The only thing that marred our stay was at checking in. We arrived after a ten hour flight, very tired, at 4.30 pm and were told that our room was not ready, and we would have to wait 40 minutes. In the meantime the bellboy took our bags from us without being invited including our hand luggage containing some very expensive optical equipment and promptly dropped them. When we refused the offer of a room upgrade at extra cost, our original room miraculously became available. Draw your own conclusions.	
Jun 25 2008 	Loved it!	My friend and I stayed for a girls weekend and it was more than we expected. Everyone was friendly and helpful! Our room was like a one bedroom apartment with a patio. There was even a stackable washer and dryer and a kitchen with stainless steel appliances. Did I mention the flat screen t.v. and basic cable channels!We loved it! We were very comfortable even though the temp was way above 100 that weekend. I know we will stay here every time we visit Vegas, which is at least 3-5 times a year. I loved that it was non-smoking and non-gaming. It's only a block off the strip behind Bally's. Which was fine. Don't need the hustle and bustle of the strip interfering with our rest and relaxation!	
Jun 23 2008 	Lovely stay at the Platinum	Booked standard rooms w/out view for a fantastic rate (129 for a Saturday night). Arrived around 1:30 and was immediately told by Dino rooms were not available without even pulling our info up. He then took a phone call and had us move over to the next front desk assistant. We were put off by him but Eva made up for it. She was very pleasant and found us rooms within minutes but they had views of the mountains and one was a princess suite. She wasn't willing to give us free upgrades so we paid the charges, which weren't very much (15 &amp; 45/night). After what seemed like an eternal walk to our rooms from the elevator, we were very nicely surprised by the size, decor and amenities of the room. My sister ended up in the Princess suite which was larger and had a washer/dryer and fireplace. The sofa in the living room and beds were very comfortable and the massive jacuzzi tubs were fantastic. The pool area was very pretty and the dinner at the restaurant was wonderful. We also liked the fact that the hotel is completely non-smoking. We were disappointed that it was 110 out so making use of the balcony in the heat was not an option.The only cons:Only valet parkingNo late night eatery or snack machines. There is 24 hr room service but the menu after 11:00 is very limited.There is no casino, which we did miss.Pretty far off the strip, so come prepared to walk.Tips:Make use of that big kitchen and bring your own snacks and beveragesDon't put more than a tablespoon of bubble bath in the tub and wait for the water level to get about 2 inches above the jets or else water will spray EVERYWHERE, which is what a couple of the reviewers complained about. It's just operator error and the hotel doesn't provide instructions.	
Jun 21 2008 	Amazing Facility Terrible Staff (Read On...)	Frankly, this would have been the best hotel I have ever stayed in. And that's saying a lot, as I've traveled 9 months a year for the last 7 years. The rooms are amazing, really huge and comfortable with all the amenities you could ask for: jacuzzi tubs, washer/dryer, full kitchen, all great stuff. All this for around $100, it's really hard to believe. The location is decent, you can walk to the Monorail and the Strip, but you're far enough back no tot have to deal with the traffic and headaches.I think the &quot;valet parking only&quot; idea is crap, frankly, I am more than capable of parking a car, even in &quot;one a dem parkin geerages.&quot; But hey, they have limited space and I don't think they charge for the service.Now, here's the big 'ol problem. It's bad enough that I would probably not recommend the place to anyone else. A group of us traveling on business booked six rooms. One of our group doesn't travel much, so his company credit card gets used only once or twice a year. Within a day of checking out of the Platinum, the only place where he used the card in the past nine months, fraudulent charges start popping up--online purchases delivered to PO Boxes. Another member of our group was mysteriously charged an extra $150. Another guest had his rate changed at checkout time without any explanation. Me, I had a $14 charge show up with no explanation either, after I checked out. Four out of six of us having to call either the hotel or the police due to activity related to the hotel seems to be more than a minor problem, it seems systemic and perhaps even sanctioned. It seems hard to believe they can't be aware of the problems.If you stay, you may want to try this instead: use a website where you pre-pay your room, and provide a cash deposit upon arrival. The bonus upside is that when you leave Vegas, you'll at least go home with your deposit!	
Jun 16 2008 	GREAT LOCATION JUST OFF THE STRIP	Stayed here for 6 nights at the beginning of June. We checked in at 2:00 a.m. due to late flight and were given a Solitaire Suite on the 2nd floor overlooking east flamingo road with a distant view of the mountains.Dislikes:Smell from kitchen extraction fan on 2nd floor lobbyIce dispenser on fidge did not workDirt &amp; fluff at edges of skirtingsNoise from trafic on east flamingo roadLikedSize of suite - enormousLocation - 5 minute walk to rear of BallysNo casino noises ringing in your earsNo smokingTipsAsk for room on higher floors 12th and upwards, preferably with strip view.Ellis Island (next to hotel on Koval Road) for steak special breakfast $3.99Ellis Island karaoke - beer $2 a bottle7/11 for juice &amp; estintialsDuece bus $5 for 24hrs of travel can be used on all public transport - plan your journey routes No 108 drops off at Paradise Road 10 minute walk from hotel, No 202 drops off outside hotel, Duece bus drops off on strip 10 minute walk from hotel.Monorail $9 for 24 hrs travel drop of at back of hotels fast transit.	
Jun 15 2008 	Oasis in the desert	We have just returned from a 3-night stay at the Platinum en route from Los Angeles to Grand Canyon.This hotel offers fantastic accomodation; an apartment rather than a room! We were fortunate to be allocated a 12th floor suite with a good view of the strip, particularly Caesar's Palace, from our balcony. Unlike other travellers, we did not experience significant road noise, although Flamingo Road is a busy highway, day and night, so being in a suite on a lower floor and directly adjacent to the road, which we weren't, i can imagine it would be noisy. We were impressed with the high standards of cleanliness and attention to detail within the suite although we did experience some difficulties with the jacuzzi bath, which emptied half its contents onto the bathroom floor due to the jets being at a very high pressure and angled up, rather than in towards the bath! On this occasion housekeeping were quick to respond with plenty of fresh towels to mop up. We also experienced difficulties with the remote control for the TV which led to us inadvertently ordering a movie twice, one charge of which was refunded at check out.As a general comment, it was frustrating to not have a manual for the equipment in the suite, and no kettle! We had to 'filter' hot water through the coffee percolator with no coffee to make hot water for a morning cup of tea.The pool area was very pleasant and a welcome haven after the desert heat although on consecutive days the water temperature went from being comfortable to freezing cold!All of the staff we encountered were polite and helpful. We did find however that concierge were not knowledgeable about transport options to an out of town retail outlet. We ended up taking a cab (approx $20) because we had been advised there were no alternatives despite us asking specifically about the 'deuce bus' which runs up and down the strip ($3). We later discovered that the deuce bus was indeed an option.Our biggest concern was that on one occasion we returned to our suite after a full day out, to discover that our suite door had been left open. However, when we raised this and our other feedback to Dino, at check out, he immediately credited our account to compensate the issues we had experienced. This customer service was very impressive and left us feeling very positive about our stay.Overall, this is a high end property within a reasonable walking distance of the Las Vegas 'strip' which we would be happy to return to.	
Jun 14 2008 	Great place good value	Charming place within walking distance of the strip. Rooms were elegant and reasonably priced, especially by Vegas standards. Nice rooftop pool area. Restaurant was charming, although a little on the expensive side. Wine list was great, assuming you are Bill Gates.	
Jun 14 2008 	Perfect	The Platinum is perfect if you want value for money,and a non smoking,non gambling hotel with the most helpful staff I have encountered in many years of travelling around the world. I stayed there for 2 days on the way back to New Zealand from the East Coast and booked it having read the reports on Trip Advisor. The hotel is only a 5 minute walk from all the action of the strip. It is modern with excellent restaurant,bar,swimming pool,and spa facilities. The rooms are spacious and spotless. The staff were so courteous throughout in particular at reception (Gita), the bar (Christia)and the concierge(Sean).Nothing was too much trouble.Cant say much more than that!	
Jun 10 2008 	Very Impressive	The Platinum was a remarkable value for us, a newlywed couple, for a recent trip to Las Vegas. The hotel offered us everything we needed including excellent room service, non-smoking rooms, a view of the strip, ample space, a nice pool area, and easy access to the Center of the Strip. I plan to come back to the Platinum and hope it maintains its high level of quality.	
Jun 8 2008 	Why stay on the Strip????	This was our second stay at the Platinum, following a spring break trip in 2007. Put it this way, it was well worth the extra $55/night it cost me over the room I had booked at Bill's Gambling Hall. Nothing against Bill's...I'm sure it would have been ok....but just ok. The Platinum is FAR beyond ok. How can you beat getting away from the noise and chaos when you're ready to rest? What can be better than a 900 square foot suite, complete with fridge, dishwasher, washer/dryer, comfy bed, double wide jacuzzi tub...etc., etc., etc.??? The pool is delightful, with both indoor and outdoor areas, and the exercise/workout room is well equipped, even with a flat screen TV for each treadmill. The staff is always friendly and helpful, and the ambience/environment is extremely pleasant. Both times we've been given an upgrade to a mountain view room, even though we had a discounted (AARP) rate of less than $110/night!! Try finding a deal like that on the strip. Yes, you do have to walk a couple of blocks to get to LV Blvd... but when you get up there, you are literally in the middle of the action--the hotel sits directly behind Bally's, which is on the Flamingo/LV Blvd. corner.We can't imagine staying anywhere else in Vegas, that's for sure!	
Jun 8 2008 	Can't wait to come back!	My wife and I were in a wedding party, and it fell upon me to find us a reasonably-priced Las Vegas hotel on a weekend, which is very difficult to do.Hotels.com was a big help. It showed a special price on rooms at the Platinum, which, as fate would have it, was only half a mile from where the wedding was, was off the strip (less traffic), had no casino (quiet), and was entirely non-smoking (lower cleaning bills).For only $5 more per night than the cheapest strip hotel we could find, the Platinum offered us their smallest suite, which at 900 square feet, was larger than our apartment. We were already impressed before we left for our trip.However, we were stunned when we arrived! Upon seeing that the room was not only huge, but had every conceivable amenity (full kitchen with full-size refrigerator and stove, kitchen stocked with every possible utensil, including pots and pans), we were immediately sold on this place! The huge tub had whirlpool jets! We had a balcony! And this was their smallest, cheapest room!The interior of the entire hotel was gorgeous! Impeccable details in landscaping, furniture, and cabinetry.The quality of our stay transcends our choice of places to stay in Vegas. This is a hotel so affordably luxurious that it actually makes us want to stay in Vegas more often.	
May 27 2008 	fantastic!	I spent four nights here over the memorial day weekend and it was a great experience. We had a 16th floor suite with an amazing view, despite not being one of the premium &quot;Strip View&quot; rooms. The staff was really nice and service was good overall.The parking is valet only, but there is no charge for it, you just have to tip the valets. They also helped us up with our luggage and were very friendly. The room was huge, and, as mentioned, had a great view. We headed to Albertson's a few blocks away and bought some groceries which were a nice change from the pricey restaurants of the strip. The best part about the hotel was that it was a little ways away from the madness that is Las Vegas Blvd, and was a very welcome place to come home to at the end of a long night. The strip was a $5 taxi ride away, but it was enough to make a difference. As mentioned in the previous review, the streets around the hotel are really noisy, but Vegas isn't a quiet city, and I feel like that just comes with the territory.The cons about the hotel are:no full-length mirror anywhere in the room (which is crucial when getting ready for a night out)Not a huge fan of the restaurant. the service is slow and the food is underwhelming.check-out was a little long. I didn't see anything about express checkout, and going to the front desk in the morning took about 20 minutes which was enough to miss my flight, so plan ahead.The pros:Huge rooms are a welcome change from cramped strip rooms at a comparable price. They are also lacking tacky hotel decor - everything is very tasteful. 5th Floor Rooftop pool was bigger than expectedGreat service overall.	
May 27 2008	I felt like a Princess is my Princess Suite	Platinum gave me a view of the strip upgrade which really helped because part of the trip came with icky weather.There was no searching for the ice machine .I had a great room with a real patio,kitchen,refrigerator with ice in the room,washer and dryer and a- yes it's true -giant in room Jacuzzi tub.I got to have a bubble bath after my feet danced all night for 3 days. The concierge Kathy was great .It was very easy to get a cab every time , over six times,despite prior reviews that it was not..When I used my car I got it promptly. The lobby bar was great..The restaurant still needs work on their service.The food was average,for example all the ice melted in my Iced tea and I didn't get offered more ice.Am I too picky? Room service was fine.I will return to Platinum again soon.	
May 24 2008 	Perfect choice for our stay in Vegas	Stayed at The Platinum for the first 10 days beginning of May. We loved the hotel, the locaton was fine, did not find the walk to The Strip a problem at all, 5-10 mins depending on how fast you walk.As per previous reports have stated, big rooms, great tub and nice quiet pool area, did not find any problems with the interior of our suite at all.......However, we had requested a suite with a view of the strip when we had booked our holiday and we were delighted to find out on arrival that our request had been met. We had a view of the North end of the strip ( we could see The Stratosphere and Wynn), this was great but being on that side of the hotel ment that we over looked a very very busy road and the noise of the traffic was constant and extremly loud, if we had not unpacked the night we arrived we would of definately asked to be moved.....This said it did not spoil our stop at The Platinum it was just a minor niggle.We would definatly book The Platinum again but ensure we were not located on that side of the hotel.	
May 24 2008	Losing some of it's shine	This is the second year in a row I stayed there.I choose the Platinum because it has no casino, is non smoking and you have a full kitchen.The service is still great but there are a few areas of concern.1. Is the valet parking only, I would prefer to pick up my car rather than have to tip someone each time.2. Elimination of the two happy hours, no one could give me an explanation on thisOverall still a good place especially if you are turned off by Las Vegas strip noise and over pricing.	
May 22 2008 	Great Rooms	I stayed at this hotel for 5 days in mid May 2008 for a seminar. Had I gone to Vegas for pleasure I would not have stayed here due to the expense. The room was very nice, one bedroom with King size bed and full kitchen. As has been mentioned in other reviews, the tub was huge. I did not use the tub as it appeared it could take quite some time to fill up and I did not want to use that much water. Also previously mentioned, I had a leaking shower, water ran about 6 feet across the room. After the first shower I folded up the tub mat and stuffed it at the shower door to prevent flooding.My room was on the 10th floor and faced Flamingo road, which was extremely noisy. Sitting on the deck was not appealing due to the heavy traffic and constant sirens of police, fire and medics.I used room service for breakfast every day and most of the evenings for dinner. I found that the meals were inconsistently served, sometimes I received a carafe of coffee while other days I received only a large 'to-go' cup. Another order left off the coffee altogether. I also found the menu very limited, had I stayed much longer and ordered lunch or dinner I would be eating the same thing over and over.We did sit at the pool and order lunch one day, service was good. However when we asked for another coke, we were charged another $3.25 instead of receiving a free refill. Again, had this not been work related I would have questioned this practice.I too found the front doors to be very heavy when trying to enter with luggage. The evenings would occasionally find a doorman, however not when I needed him the most!I did not add my pictures, the photos added by other travelers show the rooms very accurately.I had the same findings as others as well:A bit of a walk to the strip, wear walking shoesStaff was very friendly	
May 19 2008 	A Great Choice	Stayed in March for 3 nights with my wife and 8 year old son. Room was huge. Staff was great.Others have mentioned the valvet only parking, we had a car and were in and out all the time never had to wait more than 5 minutes.We were there in mid March and found to pool fantastic. Nice and warm. There is a indoor and outdoor section. Very comfortable loungers and had very pleasant drink and food service right to our lounger.Was a very easy walk to the strip.We have been to Vegas 3-4 times before always stayed on the strip but will definitely return to Ptatinum on our next visit	
May 17 2008 	Great 50th Birthday	Great hotel without smoke and gambling. Went to celebrate a birthday with friends from the east coast that had never been to Vegas. Hotel was quiet, clean and very spacious. We did not bring the kids but easily could have with the large suite. So much better then the mega hotels. Nice bar and resturant and zero tolerance for non-guest partying in the rooms. Be prepared to show your room key on the weekend nights to gain access to the elevators. The one draw back is it is really 2-3 blocks from the strip...I would not walk it alone after dark but in a group was fine. Had a great time at Hoover Dam, the Love Show and Penn and Teller. Had great meals at the Firefly (tapias) and the Little Budda in the Palms, though the 40 minute wait with a reservation was not acceptable. We had breakfast at Blueberry Hill and the hotel resturant and both were great. It is really the first time we enjoyed Vegas without sensory overload.	
May 14 2008 	Hidden Treasure	I stayed with three girlfriends at the Platinum for a 30th birthday trip. The hotel room was beautiful, spacious, and deluxe everything! The pool was relaxing and very nice. The spa was amazing! The restaurant was delicious! On the first night, the valet drove me and my girlfriends out in the hotel Escalade free of charge. The 2nd night, someone who worked at the hotel got us in to the club Pure in Caesar's Palace free! I hope nobody finds out what a great hotel this is, especially since the price was great too!	
May 14 2008 	Excellent location	I looked through all the reviews here before booking my stay here and many found the location a minus. I found the location fantastic. The neightbourhood was quiet but even at night always felt safe. The walk to the strip is just 10 minutes. There's a 7-11 around the corner as well as Ellis Island, a small casino where you can get a cheap steak or BBQ of pretty decent quality.When walking through the major strip casinos I was glad I wasn't staying in one of those busy places. There was no wait for check-in at the PlatinumI booked their cheapest suite. When I got to my room the first thing I noticed was a toilet brush on the floor left there by the cleaners. Went down to the lobby and it to the manager who upgraded me immediately. I got a larger room with a nice view of the strip. Overall the service was great.The pool was nothing to write home about, small and only about 3 foot deep. The pool area was small with a few beds and small bar. Overall a great stay and my place in vegas should when I come back.	
May 14 2008 	FABULOUS HOTEL - HEAVEN in Sin City	It was our first time not staying in a large hotel on the Strip. Now, I never want to stay anywhere else. What a pleasure it was not walking a mile to get to our room and to have a truly non smoking suite. EVERYONE was kind, polite and helpful. There is no self parking but we never waited more than 5 mins for our car. Let yourself be pampered. No problems getting a chaise by the pool (if you've ever stayed on the Strip - you know that is a problem elsewhere). The sun hits the pool deck about 12 noon on. We had a washer dryer which is very convienent. If you are a smoker or someone who gets the urge at 3am to go to the casino, this is probably not for you but if you want a quiet, CLEAN, classy, friendly more personal place to stay - this is it. You can walk to Bally's and strip easily. Staying here made this my best trip ever to Las Vegas. I'm posting photos of the hotel &amp; room .	
May 13 2008 	Pleasant stay at the Platinum	Stayed at the Platinum for three nights at the end of a road trip in early May 2008. At first it's location is a little disappointing as the general area is a bit untidy, but easy to find at the junction of Koval Ave and Flamingo Rd.Friendly and helpful staff and nice public areas. Room was very good, lots of space, clean and very well appointed pretty much as shown on the hotel web site. The hotel is small (when compared to LV strip hotels) and has a more contemporary European style/feel about it. Walking to the strip from the hotel is possible but due to its location a car is a plus and the best option. The only minor issue is the valet only parking, at busy times the staff are not able to keep up with the demand resulting in long wait times and a call in advance often resulted in no reply. All in all a very pleasant stay and we would return there should an off-strip hotel be the order of the day.	
May 11 2008 	Nice Accommodations	We stayed at The Platinum Hotel and Spa for 5 nights in April. The room was quite nice with two queen size beds on the 17th floor. Big bathroom with a 2 person whirpool bath, which was awesome. The only downside to the bathroom was that the toilet was not in a separate room like many others. We like it when it is in its own room so that one can have privacy while the other can shower and prepare for the day. The living room and kitchen was beautiful. We especially liked having the full size refrigerator with it's own ice maker and filtered water. Quite a wonderful convenience in Las Vegas where it is so dry. We didn't particulary like the pool area. It was rather small and there was no service at the pool. However, the lounges were comfortably padded, and the whirlpool was quite large and perfectly warm. The pool in April was a little too cool for our taste, so we didn't do any swimming. Didn't eat at the restaurants or even have a drink in the bar, so can't speak of those things. Overall, our experience was very good and we would stay again for the right price.	
May 6 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	My sisters and I stayed at the Platinum for an extended girls weekend. We were very pleased with the room. The kitchen was large with granite counter tops and stainless steel appliances. The living area had a couch, chair, and LCD t.v. The bathroom was huge! There were two sinks and a sunken tub. The shower had stone walls and a glass door. Plus, there were two queen beds in the the bedroom. The overall decor was modern and sleek. I didn't give The Platinum 5 stars because its location is on the outer edge of the strip and there was only valet parking. Despite that, we thought the room was beautiful.	
May 5 2008	Platinum is Disappointing	The reason we decided to stay off of the strip, was to get away from all the noise and hustle of the casino hotels but still have a very nice suite. The rooms were very modern and spacious. The large tub was nice ...BUT our shower leaked all over the floor every time we showered. The room they put us in, after a two hour wait, was extremely noisy being next to a busy street. Also, we could barely get a bartender and when we did, they couldn't make the simplest drinks. They were out of a lot of what we wanted. Drinks also were very expensive. They have a lot of young staff members who obviously are inexperienced. We called the concierge to make dinner reservations and he never called us back after he said he would. The food orders are almost always incorrect ... if you order bacon, you get ham.They actually served my husband warm orange juice, and when we asked for fresh cold juice, they said it was all warm. Our stay overall was below the standard ... The website claimed to offer a relaxing environment with great service and ammenities...instead we felt like we were let down. Save your time and money ...	
May 4 2008	Fantastic Place!	When we found the Travelzoo deal on this hotel we booked it, and were so glad we did! The Platinum was easily worth twice what we paid for it, and was a great place. As others have mentioned -- it is a LONG block from the strip, probably a 15-20 minute walk, not bad unless you are walking up and down the strip all day. We were upgraded into a HUGE two-bedroom suite, with a bathroom as big as some studio apartments. Very well decorated, very posh and elegant. Nice kitchen, filtered water on the fridge, super clean, great slate shower and jacuzzi tub, excellent beds....who could ask for more? The downsides....the strip view was the back of the hotels and not much of a view, there was no one to help with luggage and the doors don't open autimatically at the front, so you have to try to open glass doors with your bags in hand. But still a 5* stay-- would recommend to anyone!	
May 3 2008 	Great rooms and location	Very convenient for mid strip, spacious rooms, lovely views. Good having kitchenette in room for making breakfast and snacks. Considering location, very good value.	
May 3 2008 	If we ever go back we'll stay at the Platinum	My husband and I had a 4-night stay at The Platinum to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary, and it was our first trip to Las Vegas. Overall we were very pleased with our stay at The Platinum. We do not smoke or gamble, so we loved not having to walk through a smoky casino each time we left/returned. We had a wonderful view looking east toward the mountains, and this was not a suite with a view surcharge. Our Solitaire suite was beautiful and very clean. We had an early breakfast each morning in the restaurant; we practically had it to ourselves, with great food and good service. The hotel employees were very professional yet personable throughout our stay. One problem we did have was when I didn't realize there were no nozzle/spray controls on the two jets on the back of the spa tub - I ended up having to mop up all of the huge bathroom! One note for those with health/walking problems - even though The Platinum is only a block from Ballys - a block from &quot;The Strip&quot;, keep in mind that it is a very long block - a long walk from The Platinum to The Strip - most of which is on a narrow sidewalk right on a VERY busy main thoroughfare - Flamingo. We ended up taking a cab most of the time.	
May 2 2008 	Amazing Deal Wish Customer Service was Better	We selected this hotel because we didn't want to spend a fortune on our room over the busy Labor Day weekend...we wanted to save our money for food, drinks and entertainment. We originally booked a pretty basic king suite (which is actually not that basic, except for that it overlooks the mountains instead of the strip). Upon arriving, we learned that we had been upgraded to a strip view for free - fabulous! This hotel is not right on the strip....it's about a 10 minute walk to the corner of Flamingo and Las Vegas Boulevard (which is the corner that houses The Bellagio, Caesar's Palace and Bally's). However, the view of the strip, especially at night, was really fun.The best way to describe this place is an upscale/glorified Hampton Inn. I say that because I actually find Hampton Inns to be quite nice for the cost. These rooms are massive, with large sitting areas and kitchens. The kitchen was well stocked - glasses, plates, etc - which was appreciated when I wanted a glass of wine. It didn't have a wine opener, but the staff managed to find one pretty quickly, so they scored bonus points for that. On the first day we wanted a late lunch and we opted for pool side service. The pool is pretty nice - nicer than a standard Hampton Inn pool for sure, but this is not The Mandalay Bay either. The service was excellent, but the food at the pool was not anything special. I ordered a Caesar salad with grilled chicken and my husband had a chopped salad...for the price of lunch ($40, including 2 beers), it disappointed us. The salads were pretty small - mine was mostly romaine and croutons - and the chicken was not the best quality. It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't worth what we spent.We were able to walk to the strip pretty easily, which was great - if you want to save some cash, this is a wonderful place to stay. For roughly $200/night in savings as compared to some of the nice strip hotels, I can walk myself a few blocks, thank you very much. Here is a tip, though - walk THROUGH Bally's (enter the Flamingo Street doors) - in the heat, this is a really nice short cut to the strip and Paris hotel. Overall, we were satisfied with this hotel, especially for the price. We ordered room service Friday night when we got home around 2:00am, and the food was quite good - the cheeseburger and fries were tasty. The macaroni and cheese was a little fancy - I mean, at 2:00am you want your Kraft mac and cheese, not the fancy white stuff. But, it did the trick and was fast.Definitely don't stay here if you are looking for a mega resort with a casino on the ground floor.....however, if you are looking for a clean and spacious place to sleep and shower (which is basically all you need when in Vegas), the price cannot be beat. The kitchen is a fantastic addition if you drive (which we did) - we were able to have cold water, diet coke and wine at our disposal with no ice buckets and hassle. The bathrooms were clean and more than ample. My only complaint is that the towels and sheets could be of a higher quality, but if they upgraded those, this place would be even nicer. It is non-smoking, which is much appreciated. The clientele tended to be younger (seemed to be a lot of singles - groups of girls or guys), but it wasn't loud or dirty.We ended up having to leave abruptly on Saturday night because of my husband's work, and they managed to get the car for us quickly....they never did send anyone up for the bags, but we handled it in two trips ourselves. When I got home, I realized I had left my precious perfume, and they did call us back right away and said they'd mail it to me (at my expense of course).Overall, though, I recommend this place as long as you recognize it for what it is - a nice place to sleep and shower and maybe even hang out at a cost much lower than what the premium strip hotels command.They did manage to get my perfume back to me, which is quite admirable, in my opinion. How often do you actually get something back when you leave it in a hotel room? However, the guest relations people did not even attempt to appease us with our emergency departure....I just wanted some sort of concession - either a half night's stay removed (since we didn't spend Saturday night), a gift certificate to the spa, a free night for our next return - anything!!! They made no effort whatsoever to help us, though....which was very disappointing, especially since they were extremely rude in the process.	
May 1 2008	First trip to Vegas-Wow!	Fabulous Hotel, huge room, comfortable king bed, wonderful hottub in bathroom, huge kitchen, beautiful balcony, can't say enough. We didnn't eat at the hotel. In-expensive and good bkfst at Ellis Island just around the corner from the hotel. Not too far a walk from the strip. Glad we stayed here rather than at the gaming hotels-they looked so huge-long walk to your room I'm sure and very smokey and lots of people going in and out. Great hotel if travelling with kids or friends as the rooms are very spacious. If you like to gamble you might want to stay at a gambling hotel but maybe not. Can't wait to go back	
Apr 30 2008 	platinum what can i say	stayed at platinum april19-28th. after reading some of the reviews.had to stay just to see the place, the platinum is just that platinum. great rrooms friendly staff. extended vacation 2 days longer. as for hotel i have stayed you have your pros and cons. however i would recommend too anyone wanting a nice place to stay outside casino hotels.	
Apr 29 2008 	A great deal for a strip centric hotel	Our Story:We needed a strip centric hotel with a large enough &quot;living&quot; area to host 7 friends for a &quot;pre-party&quot; bachelor party night on the town in Vegas. After much research we decided to try the Platinum because of their spacious floor plans and relative low cost compared to the Paris and other hotels within easy walking distance of the Platinum.Two of us were sharing a 2 queen &quot;princess&quot; suite booked with a &quot;strip view&quot;Arrival:Front desk competent and very professional - Free required valet parking in the parking garage right there on site (more on this later).We got there at lunch time - room wasn't ready but we were cool with that - decided to have lunch at the restaurant on floor four. Let's start there...On Site restaurant:I was impressed with the prices - most hotel restaurants on/near strip are outrageously priced for less than great food. Server recommended an excellent wine. Over the course of our 3 night stay - we ate at the restaurant often - my only complaint was the service while good was slow at food delivery. The Room:Where do I start - they gave us an end room on the 16th floor with strip view - if you come here - request a high floor with strip view - it's worth it - every room has a spacious balcony that can easily sit 4-5 people comfortably. The room was terrific for it's size - large sitting area, huge bathroom - well equipped full kitchen.The only problem we had was the Big Screen plasma tv in the living room didn't work. It was 3pm on a friday and we called 4 times for engineering to fix. We had dinner reservations so we had to go and found out on our return they &quot;needed to order&quot; parts - would take a few days to fix - they were full up so they offered us some dining credit and 50 bucks off a night for our stay if we chose to remain - we figured that was fair and honestly we were gonna be not watching tv as our main activity.I will give this hotel major props for how they handled this problem. We found out later all they needed to do was a seven hour reset but regardless - the management handled it fairly and professionally.VALET PARKINGFree, required and on site. I got to say we never waited more than 5 minutes for the car and without notice. They were excellentLOCATIONWe had a rental car to pick up friends at the airport and outside of bar hopping - we used it often. However you can easily walk to the Balleys monorail stop or the Strip itself - it's about half a mile i guess - I wouldn't reccommend it for high heels though :)The location of the platinum is ideal for people looking for a place that they can access the strip with a little walk or quick cab ride or drive. There is no gambling, smoking at the hotel and they handled a bunch of rowdy guys like us with class, professionalism and we cannot say enough about how they made a great weekend for us.	
Apr 27 2008 	Home in Vegas	The Platinum is just like having a home in Vegas. The rooms are a fantastic value for the money. For a few bucks more (or less than some of the upscale hotels) you get a wonderful condo style apartment. The beds are very comfortable and they give you two types of pillows, one soft and one fuller. The balcony is great to lounge on as a time to relax and get some peace after a long day or night. The plasma TV is also a plus if you get any time to watch TV. The maid service was excellent and the staff were all very friendly and efficient. Not being a smoker the smoke free environment is great on my sinuses. My only problem is that it is valet only parking. The valets are nice, but I still like to park my car and have the keys myself. As many have said, it is a hike to and from the strip especially after a long day on your feet. Since I have a car, I just drive to one of the Strip casinos and park for free then walk the Strip.  I did not go to the spa or restaurant so I cannot comment. All in all I've been to the Platinum twice in the last 6 months and would recommend it to anyone if the price range fits.	
Apr 27 2008 	Great hotel - loved the trip to the Grand Canyon!	My mother and I have just returned from a 5 night holiday in Vegas, staying at the Platinum Spa Hotel. What a fantastic place! The room was everything you could wish for - very spacious, clean and best of all - no smell of stale smoke. Hotel staff were very polite and helpful.Due to the Platinum being a small hotel (by comparison to the hotels on the Strip), we were in the hotel reception area within a couple of minutes of leaving our room, (all 3 lifts working every day with no problems whatsoever). The walk to the Strip was a pleasant 10 minute stroll (Bally's/Bellagio at the end of the road). For weary feet at the end of the day, there is a bus stop at the side of Bally's hotel where you can catch a deuce bus and just one stop away you can be dropped off right outside the Platinum Hotel. The deuce buses run the full length of the Strip. We travelled south to the Luxor Hotel (the IMAX theatre and ride inside the Luxor were great), and north as far as Fremont Street (the dinner buffet at Fremont Hotel was excellent value for money). One deuce bus journey costs $2 ($1 for seniors and children), or $5 buys you a 24 hour pass - well worth the money!The highlight of our holiday was a 3.5 hour trip to the Grand Canyon, booked via the internet with Sundance, (an extremely organised company and a very knowledgeable pilot). We were picked up at the hotel in a stretched limo and taken to the airstrip, a 45 minute helicopter ride to the Canyon, over the Hoover Dam, landing on the floor of the Canyon for some great photo opportunities and a champagne picnic lunch, then a 45 minute ride back, flying over the full length of the Strip - fabulous and not to be missed!!Our only disappointment was we didn't get to see the Bellagio fountains - if it's windy (and it was windy when we were there), the fountains do not operate.There's so much to see and do in Vegas - on our trip we only scratched the surface, so I guess we'll have to start saving for a return trip!!If anyone wants any further info please don't hesitate to contact me.	
Apr 25 2008 	Never Again	1. 2 hrs late having room ready2. 15 minutes to get plastic glasses that could be taken to the pool that is located next to the restaurant. Took 10 mins. to get a bartender. 3. Only 1 Bud Light left4. Housekeeping walked into our room twice without knocking5. Safe in room did not work6. Ordered room service - bread was so old, it could not be eaten. with that order I did receive a Coke that I ordered, I then went to order a coke later and was told they did not provide Coke, they only had Pepsi, when I tried to explain that I had received a Coke earlier they told me I must have gotten it someplace else? We will never stay here again.	
Apr 22 2008	Great property	You will not be disappointed with this hotel. Huge rooms, 1000sq foot. Great rooms, full kitchen, great pool scene and friendly staff.Only negative is location - a very long block from the strip.No issue for us, but it may be for some.We had 2 suites with 10 people total. It worked out great. We picked up beverages on the way to the hotel and started each night out with a few in our rooms.The pool was nice, both indoor and outdoor connected. They have a pool bar with a server.	
Apr 13 2008 	Platinum all I expected	Arrived at the Platinum, late last Sunday for a conference that would last a week. Check in was very quick, and myself and a co-worker were each upgraded to a princess suite. I walked into the room, and was amazed to see that the room did truly live up to the pictures on the website. It was a great convience having a kitchen, I used it to store soda/ leftovers, and nothing like a nice cold drink after a long day in class. Went out to the pool one morning, the lounges were comfy, the whirlpool at just the right temp. The maid service each day was outstanding. The complimentary copy of USA Today was very nice. The meeting rooms were were comfortable, food provided at the meetings excellent. The whirlpool tub in the suite fantastic. I also enjoyed being able to sit out on a balcony in VEGAS! Only downfall was no Casino, for me that was the only drawback, and the reason that I would not stay there again unless it was for work.	
Apr 12 2008 	Better than staying on the strip!	Clean, spacious, modern, and great value. I highly recommend this hotel if you've been to Vegas before, or if you don't care for the lights, smoke, or gambling (there is no casino onsite). For the price of a tiny room on the strip you can relax in a condo. In fact, I saw a brochure in my suite advertising the unit as a condo for sale. For the amentities and price paid, when I walked in, it was &quot;wow!&quot; Booked a Solitare Suite (which is the standard, they have 2 bedrooms/2 bathroom units too), which was plenty spacious with:Full size applianced kitchen Living room with sofabedDesk with internet accessHuge bathroom w/ double vanity area, shower stall and tubSpacious bedroom with view Closets in bathroom and bedroomTwo flat panel TVs Adjustable AC in all the roomsLarge balcony with table &amp; chairsHaving a kitchen was great for a quick breakfast each morning, not to mention being able to stock cold drinks and evening snacks. Didn't think we needed the additional space, but ended up using our place as a meeting spot as it was a great space to entertain others. Other: Housekeeping and valet service were excellent. Front desk was great, accomodating early check in. The hotel is quiet. No noisy party goers or convention types or bus loads of tourists. It's more like a hotel for those in the know! I couldn't ask for a better experience. Hotel is located a block behind the strip so it is an easy drive to the strip hotels, while at the same time you don't have to deal with strip traffic every night trying to get back to your hotel. Hotel is a perfect base if your visit involves other activities vs. just visiting the strip. The next time I'm in Vegas, I will definitely be staying here again. This place is a great find, that I found on Trip Advisor thanks to all the reviewers!	
Apr 11 2008	Noisy and not very clean	We only stayed for two nights and when we arrived tired after being up for nearly 24 hours, I didn't really register the white powder on the black granite worktop in the kitchen until the next day, although I did spot a long black hair draped over the toilet bowl, shuuuddder!The bed and pillows were really hard and and it seemed like we had a generator or something above our room as something was really noisy, even when the air con wasn't on. Although we were both tired we didn't sleep very well at all because of the noise.Next morning, I noticed the powder, although the room was really dusty this was not dust in the kitchen! Neither of us mentioned it til we left the place as we didn't want to worry each other as to what it actually was.Overall, the price was great and the room size was fab, we would stay there again but in a clean room with no noisy generator/air con unit.	
Apr 10 2008 	Excellent Hotel	This was our first stay at the Platinum Hotel. We got a great price from travelzoo.com and immediately booked it. When we arrived at the hotel, the bellman was extremely helpful. The valet parking was a pleasant addition to our stay. We had booked a Solitaire room. The room was beautiful, clean and we had everything we needed for your visit. We did not do much cooking in the kitchen, mainly just breakfast foods and beverages.You must request pots and pans if you need them. We had a balcony that faced the airport. It was quite pretty sitting out there at night. We drove to the strip because I felt that the walk back to the hotel at night was long and a bit unsafe. Alot of construction around the hotel, but never heard any of it in the room. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 4 2008	Perfect Stay	Went to Vegas for a wedding. Since it was my third time in Vegas I had no interest in doing the whole strip thing again and chose this hotel for its location, suite style rooms and great deal. I paid $139 for 2 nights and $109 for the last night. There was a better deal going on at the Westin but I don't regret choosing Platinum. It worked out really well for me and my husband. We got a free upgrade when we checked in without even asking. The suite was huge and I really liked the contemporary style of furnishings. Couch was nice and firm. It was nice to take breaks at our hotel and watch a little tv on the huge plasma screen. We even brought lunch back twice and saved some money. Bed was incredibly comfortable. It was wonderful to flop into bed after a long day of walking around. My only minor issues with this hotel is the valet only parking rule since it gets to be a pain when you are constantly going in and out plus the valet's expect you to tip every time. Also I didn't feel like the room was an clean as my experience with other hotels. I guess b/c the rooms have extra kitchen and huge bathroom they don't always get everything... as a result our stove and counters had residue from the last people who used it and it looked as though the toiletry items are refilled and were little crusty as well as the tray they were sitting on. Since this is still a new hotel i would definitely recommend booking here. not sure if they will be able to keep up with quality after a few years of wear and tear.	
Apr 2 2008 	very nice could be better	This was our second stay and I did notice just a couple of negatives I've seen in other people's reviews.Believe me this hotel has many more positives..The main problem we had was the hard as rock pillows.It was tough trying to get a good nights sleep.The room is giant and very beautiful.Great balcony.Like I said ,I love this place,but sleep is a must after all the Vegas walking.One other minor flaw is the cheap grade towels,they are like the ones most hotels have draped on the tub for the floor.But besides that I would return.I might buy pillows at the Target right down the road.The flat screen tv is awesome.We were here on New Years eve and the pool was very warm,very nice.This time we went to the pool but it was too cold to get in.I think it's to early to turn the heat off,maybe one more month.	
Apr 1 2008 	DON'T STAY ANYWHERE ELSE IN VEGAS UNTIL YOU STAY HERE	We booked this hotel for a 4 day stay over easter after reading a number of positive reviews on tripadvisor (2 adult 1 child). Everything about this hotel was fantastic from start to finish. We booked a solitaire suite but upon arriving at the hotel we got upgraded free of charge to a Princess Suite. The rooms are all suites, and they're enormous at about 1000 sq ft. in size. The bathrooms are huge with a double sink and double whirlpool tub. The fireplace was a nice touch, and the balcony was huge! I enjoyed having the kitchen with a massive americian fridge to keep drinks nice and cold. The washer/dryer was a nice touch as we needed to wash some clothes after spending several days in New York. The pool was awesome - there was a huge deck with firepits, and comfortable chairs, and during the day they have a bar setup on the pool deck. The restaurant is located on the 5th floor, next to the pool. The lounge on the main floor looked pretty cool as well but we didn't get a chance to use it. The hotel will provide you with take away/delivery food menu if you get feed up eating out but you must got to front desk to collect as delivery persons cannot go to your room for your security and safety which I thought was great. Hotel will also provide you with pots and pans if you really want to cook!!!! The staff are very friendly and very helpfull, a real credit to the hotel.The hotel is only a block from the strip, only 5mins walk and has no casino which is great if traveling with kids and to get away from the loud/noisey casino hotelsWe walked home many late nights from strip and felt really safe, we where even stopped by a security guard one night to tell us to cross the road as there was a bee hive by the road side which was being removed. The security where everywhere on bikes.A must stay hotel. We will be back very soonHere is a tip for you. If you need a taxi get hotel to order you one as taxis do not pick up by the road side or if on strip all the hotels have a taxi rank	
Mar 30 2008 	This Hotel is Fantastic	We stayed at The Platinum with our 16 year old daughter. We loved everything about the Hotel. The service was outstanding - especially the Valets. What a nice bunch - we never waited more than 5 minutes for our car. We did not feel we were staying at a Hotel but rather in a nice Condo. We had an 11th floor room facing East and the view was fantastic. We had a view of the North Strip and the Mountains. We saved a lot of money eating breakfast in the room (I was very glad there was a toaster and coffee maker). There are no pots or pans, but we just eat cereal and toast anyway. We did have room service breakfast one day and it was very good - but naturally pricey. It is about a 2 block walk to the east end of Bally's (Race Book Door). We felt it was a safe walk anytime of the day or night. There is a lot of cards and pamplets on the fences,etc. on the walk to Bally's highlighting the many 'money-making' activities, but that is everywhere in Vegas - our daughter was old enought to laugh about it, but younger children might be a bit shocked. Walking over to 7/11 seemed a bit scary, but there is a gas station/sub shop across Flamingo that is a safer walk. We ate of Lawry's Prime Rib across Flamingo. We had the best meal of our vacation. It was a fantastic and entertaining meal. The in room housekeeping was good (a few days left only Decaf coffe (no Regular) and the room service breakfast door hangers were never replaced or we might have ordered room service again because of the temptation). When we arrived the carpeted hallways on our floor looked like they had not been vaccuumed for several days. They were finally cleaned 2 days after our arrival.We rented a car and we were very glad we did. Every Hotel on the strip has a free Valet service. We spent less on Valet tips for the week than we would have using the Tram for one day ($5.00 for a one-way ride which works out to $30/day for 3 people). The 'Duece' bus is cheaper but always jammed packed. We will never stay anywhere else but at The Platinum.	
Mar 28 2008	Good Choice!!	We stayed 2 nights while in Vegas on a Friday &amp; Saturday. We were able to check in early and received a suite. Rooms were clean and spacious. We received a good rate and it was a good spot to stay since we planned to take day trips around Nevada. Check it out!! A good choice!!	
Mar 27 2008	Made a nice change!	We have just returned from an 8 night stay at the Platinum and it is a really great hotel- having been to Vegas twice before we had stayed at Bellagio and the South Point- we felt that the Platinum offered the best of both worlds-good location just off the strip, with above average sized accomodations and without the smoky and noisy casino that can blight some of the hotels in Las Vegas- for those of us who aren't hardened gamblers! The only negative: We had a fairly late check in at around 9.30pm which for some reason took ages- the guy at reception wasn't overly friendly and was tapping away for what seemed like an eternity. He asked us if we wanted to upgrade to a large room with a washer and dryer for another $30.00 a day- we said no- as we didnt really think we needed a washer dryer for an extra 30 bucks for every day! So after more tapping on the screen and no conversation he then said that he was putting us in the suite with the washer dryer for no extra charge- most likely because they didnt have one of the smaller suites available...that kind of annoyed me because he had tried to get 30 dollars extra a day from us- and then gave it to us for nothing anyway- as they didnt have our pre booked and paid suite available! i asked if there was a room with a strip view and was told that would be an upgrade- ie you have to pay more- and actually I felt our mountain view was more inspiring- with all the construction on the strip the strip views from the Platinum really only cover the back of Ballys and Planet Hollywood as Bellagio is obscured as is Paris Las Vegas!Having a full kitchen is brilliant- we stocked up on groceries at the local Albertsons and was able to have breakfast each day in the room...saved a few bucks and actually there are only so many buffet breakfasts you want to eat! The balcony was great as it meant a brief respite from the interminable air conditioning found throughout Vegas and the double sized jacuzzi bath was a great touch! The kitchen came with plates, cups, bowls, cutlery and toaster, coffee maker and kettle, microwave- really top notch! The large fridge freezer had an ice maker on the front which was great for evening drinks before heading out on the town! Housekeeping was efficient- they would fill the dishwasher with any crockery used so when you got back in the late afternoon it was ready to unload! The washer dryer actually came in handy too as we have arrived home and have no holiday washing to do!I would definitely recommend the Platinum- it reminded me of a swish New York Hotel- and for the price we got we loved it!One last point- there is no self parking- it is all valet parking- we found the parking guys to be efficient and friendly-and we never had to wait long for the car....made a change just going down in the elevator, getting the car and driving off, whereas with some of the larger Strip hotels you have to spend 20 minutes walking out of the hotel and finding your car!	
Mar 25 2008 	Great experience at the Platinum	The Platinum was a great experience for us. I was traveling with my 15 year old son and nephew, so we wanted a little more space. I also wanted to be able to escape the casino world when we wanted. The hotel provided all that and so much more. The &quot;apartment&quot; was very well designed with a full kitchen, a great bathroom with a separate jac. tube and shower, and two queens in the bedroom. We were on floor 12, so the terrace was really nice for early morning coffee. The place has all the stuff you need including flat screen TV's, Bose stereo, etc. I would like more cooking stuff in the kitchen. The pool has both an indoor and an outdoor section, so we were able to use it even though it was March. They have a reasonably sized and well equipped gym that they don't ding you on. The distance to the strip takes about 10 min. walk, no more then the MGM Sig.. You can't get away from the strip and casino craziness if you don't get off the strip, so the 10 min. walk is actually about perfect. As to the valet issue, they were super quick getting the car since at the end of the day it is a small hotel. Two bucks here and there, big deal, and we all need a job. The rates are great, check with the hotel directly. Also they let us check in early (11am) and out late (12) with no issues. This is my first review, and the Platinum is why.	
Mar 22 2008 	Hotel: Loved It. Spa: Not So Much.	Did a quick &quot;Spa Crawl&quot; last week, first half of my trip I stayed at Green Valley Ranch/Spa. Second half: The Platinum. As far as the hotels went, Platinum won hands down. Absolutely beautiful, easy access, friendly staff, enormous jacuzzi tub, great view, everything I could have wanted. I had heard wonderful things about both spas but unfortunately, only the Green Valley Ranch Spa delivered. I had a wrap and a facial at Green Valley, saving a pedicure and massage for the Platinum. Now, I'm no &quot;spa expert&quot;, just a girl from Green Bay with some time and money to spend. I had business appointments all Saturday and was leaving Las Vegas early Monday morning. I called the Spa and was willing to work in the massage and pedicure whenever on Sunday they could fit me in. The girl I spoke with seemed a bit dazed and confused, and told me they had no manicurist working on Sunday. Okay, again, I'm no expert, but a first-class Las Vegas Spa with NO manicurist available on a weekend day, period? I was very sad....and might suggest to the Platinum that they have a list of substitute manicurists to call in case 'o emergency. So, I booked a &quot;deep tissue&quot; massage, only, for Sunday. I arrived at the Spa (which, on the upside, is very easily accessed on the 4th floor!) and was met by no less than four Spa employees talking at he the front desk. They all just sort of stared at me, like I wasn't expected, and I had to explain who I was and why I was there. Exactly the opposite of my reception at Green Valley Ranch. After we established who I was and that I did, in fact, have an appointment for a massage, I was immediately asked how I intended to pay for it. I thought this was odd, and slightly abrasive, and again, completely opposite to how I was treated at Green Valley. Hello. I'm a hotel guest, have a credit card on file, I'm NOT GOING ANYWHERE, and before I've had my massage, I'm asked to pay? Weird. And offensive, and counter-productive to a spa selling products that you only buy when you're all blissful and on your way out the door. After paying for my yet to be had massage, I was given a very quick tour of the spa, told that there was a sauna but it wasn't working, and then given equally quick instructions on how to use the keypad on the lockers. It was early in the morning....I'm not a quick learner at ANY time of the day, and I had to plead for help from another, more intelligent guest on how to gain entry into my locker. My massuese was friendly, but the &quot;deep tissue&quot; massage was...not very good. It was routine and one of those massages you keep hoping will get better but, time ticks away and it never does. As I was leaving, the girl at the desk did ask how my massage was, but she seemed a bit confused and had no response when I said &quot; It was, um, okay&quot;.At the end of the day: Happy With Hotel - Sad With Spa.	
Mar 20 2008 	Platinum in Every Way!	We booked this hotel after reading a number of positive reviews on tripadvisor and other sites. There were 10 of us, staying in four different suites. Everything about this hotel was fantastic from start to finish. Upon arriving at the hotel, those of us who booked solitaire suites were upgraded so that our party could stay on the same floor. The rooms are all suites, and they're enormous at about 1000 sq ft. in size. The bathrooms are huge, and well appointed - but given the rest of the suite, that's no surprise. The fireplace was a nice touch, and the balcony was huge! I enjoyed having the kitchen to keep drinks and whatnot around, but for those of you that like to cook - they don't give you many dishes. The pool was awesome - there was a huge deck with firepits, and comfortable chairs, and during the day they have a bar setup on the pool deck. Because the restaurant is located on the 5th floor, next to the pool, poolside dining is an option as well. The lounge on the main floor looked pretty cool as well. My only complaint about the hotel would be the location - it's only a block from the strip, but it's a long block. I wouldn't recommend walking alone at night between the hotel and the strip, as it seems muggers like to hang out along the side streets waiting for unsuspecting tourists. But that has nothing to do with the hotel, so it gets an excellent rating in my books!	
Mar 11 2008 	What Can I Say?	What can I say? The Platinum has to be one of the finest hotels I have ever stayed anywhere in the country, with reasonable rates and pleasant staff. Nothing was misrepresented by their promotional information, so I am convinced that negative reviews have been offered by very high maintenance people with personal issues.The spa was great, as were the pool facilities. Rooms were so comfortable and quiet! Great retreat from The Strip. Nice walking distance to the central strip. Neighborhood seemed a little marginal at first, but found it to be just fine.This will be my base camp for future expeditions to LAS.	
Mar 5 2008	Perfect	We came to las Vegas to get married and this was the perfect hotel.It was close to the strip, yet peaceful with fantastic views. We had no delays on check in or out.All of the staff were more than helpful and polite &amp; our Solitaire room was beautiful with huge lounge, large kitchen, bedroom &amp; bathroom. It was spotlessly clean.We would certainly book this hotel again if visiting vegas &amp; would recommend anybody else to.	
Feb 28 2008 	My Digs in Vegas	Ah, the Platinum. It's where I stay in Vegas these days.Really, you can't get a 900-1000 square foot full suite that's well-appointed (with jacuzzi, nice bathroom, full kitchen, balcony) ANYWHERE else for the prices you get (sometimes, the Platinum can be had for $129, if you look in the right places).I've had good service and good food there (braised short ribs go well with their Burgundy selection). The pool's nice, with much more of a Palm Springs than Vegas feel. I also like the fact that if I DO want low cost food, the Tuscany and Ellis Island are both next door (the Tuscany has good Tex-Mex, Ellis Island has ribs and an off-menu 24 hour steak special).	
Feb 27 2008 	Want a condo away from home?	Me and five friends booked two rooms at the Platinum for the six of us (ages 28-30). The rooms were spectacular. I was told by a taxi driver that they were originally built to be condos, and it shows! The rooms were very spacious, which was perfect for hanging out and having drinks before hitting the strip. Since there were full kitchens, we were also able to make breakfast in the morning and save some money on food. The bathrooms were large, with his and her sinks and a large whirlpool bathtub. The bedroom was also a nice size. The definite bonus was the deck overlooking the strip! There was also a washer/dryer in our room. This is a non-smoking hotel, which was definitely to our liking. The staff was always helpful with hailing a cab, which we found necessary when going to the strip at night (especially in high heels). Otherwise, I would estimate that the walk to the strip is between half mile to 3/4 mile. Definitely walkable during the daytime. The hotel sits right behind Ballys, so its close to the Bellagio, Caesars Palace, and Paris, Paris.	
Feb 22 2008 	Incredible!	I booked a room at the Platinum through our corporate travel website for $109 a night. I thought that something had to be wrong since the pictures and the description of the rooms looked so amazing. I was really stunned at how wonderful my room was. The pictures were totally accurate. The whirlpool bath was great after a long day of walking on the strip. The bed was actually comfortable and didn't feel like the usual cement hotel bed.I've done a lot of business traveling and have never stayed in a room this nice. It was 1100sq ft for Pete's sake! The service was also extra friendly. Stay here if you can!	
Feb 22 2008 	What a great non gaming hotel	Great stay with minor problems .First, when we arrived there was no one at the front desk. After a 2 min wait a front desk person came from the back and we were checked in. We were upgraded from a Solitaire Suite with no view to a Princess Suite with a mountain view. The upgrade was worth about 60 dollars per night. I got this by asking (WOW). The room is like a small one bedroom apartment. Full kitchen (yes stove , fridge, dishwasher), spa bath, balcony , great bed and a plasma screen ! Our room even had a washer and dryer ! We had one more minor issue. The valet service was hit and miss. This hotels is a valet only hotel so even if you want to park your own car you cant . This however was not the issue. If this hotel is going to have a valet only service then the valets should be available at all times. Several times the valet was not parking or bring other guests cars they were inside the hotel ? There is no valet window so the valet needs to be upfront and present.Since this property is off of the strip good luck trying to get a cab ! Overall this a excellent hotel if you looking for some peace and quiet. And i did not mention this hotel is NON SMOKING (GREAT ! ! ! ) . In fact you sign that you will not smoke or you will be charged 500.00 bucks !This hotel is on par with MGM signature. I have stayed at both. No hidden resort fees at the Platinum and the room rates are better!	
Feb 20 2008 	Never been treated so nicely!	I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights for a long conference on the strip. I like staying a little off strip. I know the back roads and it's easy to drive on them and hop onto the trip at the exact cross-street I want. I like to work out during in peace and read at the pool during the day, then get dressed and go out at night. Upon check in I was upgraded to a top floor, large suite overlooking the pool and the strip. The bed was very comfortable, the tub excellent. The first night there, I got very sick after only a few glasses of wine and some appetizers. I woke up violently ill and couldn't stop throwing up. It was horrible, but at least I had a nice facility and comfortable bed. I'll never know exactly what did it to me, but I ended up in an urgent care facility the next morning getting IV fluids and such. I didn't know where to go and the hotel staff took me there in the house car. I must have looked horrible, in the 110 degree temps wrapped up in a hoodie all sickly and dehydrated. Upon my return, the staff seemed to be really concerned and walked me to my room. Sorbet was delivered on the house shortly after! I felt much better (iv fluids and anti-nausea drugs and a 3 hour nap are magical), soaked in the giant tub, cleaned up, put on a dress and went downstairs. They drove me once again in the house car to Caesars. The next day I was treated wonderfully at the nearly empty pool after a brisk workout in the empty, spacious workout room. I took over a lounger made for two and read my geekly books. Highly recommend the grilled chicken sandwich from the cafe! The service poolside was fast and excellent. Later on the pool filled up, but I headed to the room to get ready for another night.The entire trip was like this for me. Everyone seemed to know I had been sick. I was honestly treated like I was a famous person or something. Normally I'm not into that sort of attention and would feel uncomfortable, but for once in my life I just soaked it up. It was glorious, especially after being so miserable the first day. It may be different now, but I found the atmosphere to be quiet and peaceful. I've been going to vegas every year at the same time for 5 + years and this was a great break from the tiring 24/7 party. You can take a 3 minute ride to the strip, do your craziness all night, then return to a peaceful place the Platinum. The prices have gone up, but I won't be staying anywhere else!	
Feb 16 2008	Simply the Best	My group was there for a convention and my reservation at another hotel was lost. I immediately went on the internet and found this hotel had availability and decided to take a chance. I am so glad the reservation was lost and I found Platinum Hotel and Spa. It was so wonderful. Clean, quite, restful, and beautiful. Our company travels to Las Vegas several times a year and from now on we will all stay at the Platinum Hotel and Spa. A great experience away from home. Thank you.	
Feb 13 2008 	The Platinum tries but misses the mark	Stayed at the Platinum for a few days prior to moving to the Bellagio in order to experience a hotel not directly on the Strip. Based on its high reviews on TripAdvisor, I was surprised that it really missed the mark in my opinion. The property and the rooms are well-decorated and our bathroom had a fantastic double bathtub. However, if they are trying to market as a luxury spa hotel, I didn't think the interior design rose to that kind of level. Our one dinner at the property was quite over-priced and not particularly great (and I have no issue paying top dollar for great food!), the internet was expensive, and it was very, very difficult to get a cab (and too cold to walk the distance to the Strip) even though the poor doormen were practically standing in the street trying to hail them. In addition, they provided a very misleading bar promo that seemed to indicate we had a $50 tab at the hotel bar. My guess is that it is to try and persuade guests to eat at the hotel rather than the Strip. However, when we tried to redeem it at dinner, we were told that it only was good after we purchased dinner - meaning once we paid for dinner then we had a $50 tab to use in the future. This was very misleading since we thought we could apply it to our dinner bar tab. Our server said we were not the only ones who had complained about this. I thought the Platinum was going to be this fantastic, luxurious experience away from the Strip but, frankly, we had a much better time at the Bellagio (see that review if you're interested). I think this place is a good deal for the price for anyone who really wants to be away from the Strip but I doubt I would stay there again.	
Feb 11 2008 	Condo Style In Las Vegas	I stayed at the Platinum for about one week in early February on business and can easily recommend it if you're staying in Vegas for more than a few days, are there on business, or just want to get away from the strip when you retire for the night. For those seeking a frentic Vegas strip experience and want to party all night, it's probably not a good choice.First thing, the rooms are terrific. Spacious, new and homelike, all the rooms have separate bedrooms, full kitchens, huge jacuzzi tubs and balconies. Some of my colleagues were upgraded to larger rooms with clothes washer/driers and gas fireplaces. These are great rooms for extended stays that allow you to unwind, put stuff in the fridge, and even make your own meals if you get tired of going out. Mine was on the strip side of the 17th (top) floor, so the view was pretty decent too.The downsides have already been written in other reviews -- the hotel is a long block off the strip, it's tough to get a cab and the u-turn back to the strip is annoying (maybe faster to walk through Bally's actually), service (especially room service) can be extremely slow, there's no casino nor huge choice of restaurants like you'd find in a strip hotel, there's only valet parking, it's strictly no smoking and the hotel is generally kind of quiet. Depending on your preferences these are not all bad things.I would recommend trying to stay higher than lower in the hotel for both the view and the fact that there's some construction going on at the AM/PM directly underneath on the strip side.We rented the &quot;boardroom&quot; for a day meeting and were impressed with the amenities, service and food offerings. They have both wired and wireless LAN, although you have to pay for it. The bar, which had great service, was a nice place to unwind after a full day, and at the time they were running a &quot;free&quot; $50 bar tab if you bought an entree in the restaurant. Pretty good deal! I did not use the workout room or pool but heard they were decent.One tip if you like Japanese food -- Ichiban is a very reasonable and authentic place for lunch within walking distance, inside the Bally's Sports Book entrance.	
Feb 4 2008 	Still the Best place to Say in Vegas	3rd stay here now. Prices are starting to inch upward, as expected, now that it is more known, but IMO, still by far the best value for upscale luxory accomdations in Vegas. All the comments on this site about the rooms themselves are on the mark. Simply incredible. Think new luxory apartment w/ a view; don't think in terms of hotel rooms. Distance from strip has its pros/cons (as discussed in previous posts). To each is own, but for us, the pros far outweigh the cons. I see on trip Advisor that they received a couple negative reviews now. One related to overbooking. That sucks when that happens. I know hotels and airlines do that all the time. Unfortunately that risk exists at every hotel. Also saw a negative review about getting charged for evidence of smoking in the room. Obviously I have no idea if the Platinum was right in their accusation or not, but I do know that The Platinum takes their no smoking policy extremely seriously. My advice would be not to stay here if there is any chance someone in your party may break down and try to smoke on the balcony or in the room. And even if you have cigarettes and don't intend to smoke them, keep them out of sight in the room so cleaning people don't see them and get suspicious. I know this policy might be a turn off for some people. But to me, I love how serious they are about this policy. Its one thing to be around smokers when out partying in a bar, but that awful smell in hotels and houses from previous smokers is a HUGE turnoff.Having a Washer/Dryer in the room is a great convenience too. The unit-mart next door allows you to take advantage of having some food drink in the room handy.The bar, exercise room, spa, and room service are all very good to excellent. Not cheap (other than the exercise room which is free), but nothing in Vegas is cheap. The cab situation is better than in early stays, but still can be a wait at peak times. Not any longer than at the big places (like the Bellagio for example), but pschologically it may seem longer as there is not a line that is constantly moving like at places like that. But when all is said and done, the wait is basically the same. During peak times, i suggest ordering the cab through the bellman and then getting a drink in the bar and waiting there. The bellman will get you when it gets there. Just don't open a tab. Pay or your drinks when you get them and ask for glasses/cups you can take w/ you in case the cabs gets there real quick. The Bellman are FANTASTIC. Will do anything to help you out. Much better that the other larger places in town.One gripe I have is the price of Internet access. I am used to it being free. I can even expect paying a couple bucks, but they really stick it to you here. I think it is $13/day or something. That really seems excessive to me. TIP: you can usally tap into some free wireless networks if you have a decent wirless router on you laptop. But overall, still the place to stay in Vegas these days....	
Feb 3 2008	They Must Really be in Financial Trouble!	I stayed in the Marquis Suite which sleeps 6 people. It was nice enough but the overall feel of the hotel is cold and it has the feel of &quot;we're trying too hard to be cool&quot;. I was there with 5 friends on a Saturday night. Half of us smoked and even though there was a large balcony we had to take the elavator down to the parking lot everytime we smoked. Although it was a hassle we lived with it. The real problem occured when I got my AMEX bill and there was a $500 charge to the Platinum in addition to the room charge. When I called to tell them they had made a mistake they told me it was because they found &quot;evidence&quot; that someone had smoked in the room. When I told them that it was a mistake because we made a point NOT to smoke in the room because of the fine they told me there was nothing I could do. I have disputed the charge with AMEX but at the same time I have never had such poor customer service in my whole life of 36 years. The place was nearly empty on a Saturday night and I feel that they need to nickle and dime their customers and recoup any amount of their investment before the hotel closes. IT IS A SINKING SHIP and I will NEVER return or recommend to anybody again.	
Jan 27 2008	Nice Room	Overall, my husband and I enjoyed the Platinum but there were some problems.We had no hot water for 2-3 hours in the morning. We were on a business trip and had to attend a meeting. They did comp us for breakfast at their restaurant. The only problem was that they needed more help. The service was very poor- a problem we'veseen a lot of in Vegas. We waited over 1 hour for our breakfast to arrive.Check-out &amp; check-in can take a long time. You have to time it correctly. The bellman was great on arrival. He explained where everything was in the room. Very nice! The rooms are spacious.Overall, I enjoyed our stay. Not everything works out. You can't act like a spoiled brat when things don't work out. Just relax and enjoy the things that do work out!	
Jan 27 2008 	Off-Strip Non-Gambling Hotel In Las Vegas	Stayed here one night, March 3rd, 2007. I was in town to see the Bob Seger concert at MGM Grand. The cost was $ 151 U.S.D., not a bad price for a one night stay on a week-end in Las Vegas.Most hotels on the strip, want you to do a two day week-end package(Fri &amp; Sat or Sat &amp; Sun) for triple the price I paid here. This hotel was only opened five months at the time(opened Oct. 2006). First, I do not like valet parking. I'm a big boy, I've been driving and parking my own car for 45+ years. I just don't trust minimum wage valets going through the interior of my car. I carry a lot of items in my car, my CD collection, extra expensive jackets, sunglasses, my gun(I'm from Arizona, where everybody carry's a gun in their car). Even though they say the valet parking is free, do you really think that these valet's don't expect a tip anyway ? I tipped mine, and he gladly took it. After checking in with the snotty front desk clerk, I had to hump my own bags up to my room,when I opened the door to my room, it was UN-made-up. I called down to Snotty at the front desk, and mentioned that the room was a mess. After about a half hour, a bellhop showed up with a room key for another room on a different floor. The room they gave me was huge, and decent. Had breakfast at the hotel's restaurant the next morning, it was nothing special, and for the price, I should have waited and went to an IHOP on the way out of town. From the most recent reviews I can see that they are still having some of same problems. The building &amp; location I give 4-Stars. The personel &amp; attitudes I give 2-Stars.Overall rating, a hard 2 and a half, and a soft 3.	
Jan 24 2008	Sub-par establishment	A girlfriend and I were looking for a large upgraded suite close to the strip. Upon our arrival after being neglected by the bell hop (we had 4 large suitcases- hard to miss as we where the only people around) I went up to the front desk and the clerk let me know that they were over sold (she said this is common practice even though I booked through them online and confirmed that morning) so we would be moved to some motel further away from the strip. Well this is not acceptable as I booked a suite and did not want to sleep in some flee bag motel. It was now 11pm and we had flown in from Edmonton (not impressed) A 1 hour conversation eventually landed a room in &quot;the Hotel&quot; next to Mandalay Bay. They did pay our cab fair which was nice. The Hotel was amazing, great service, huge room, seperate bedroom, luxurious bath. We should have never left. The next day we popped back in and checked in officially. The hallways thermostat was certainly on the fritz as it was hot enough to break a sweat. The room was nice, dirty tub, I called downstairs and went out for about 8 hours, still dirty (the tub was filthy so i went to the store and bought some VIM- how sad) Next time I plan a girls trip we will not be staying here. There was ZERO service, couldn't get a cab, we were offered the shuttle and then the manager needed a ride so we were out of luck. Thank goodness i had a town cars number in my purse. Nice looking building, horrid service. I highly recommend &quot;the Hotel&quot; for anyone looking for great service.	
Jan 19 2008	Loved the Platinum	As other reviewers have mentioned, the Platinum was great value and the room was large and had great amenities. I stayed here in early December with my sister, so I wanted a suite so we could each have privacy if we needed it. The extra room was great, and the hotel upgraded us to a room with laundry, which was helpful, since I did need the washer/dryer before heading off to Mexico after four nights here. I personally like self-parking, but the Platinum only had free valet parking; however, the valet personnel were very helpful, both with the cars and directions. I also thought since i hadn't been to Vegas in ages that I may be disappointed that a non-gaming hotel may be a disappointment coming back later and having a quick drink or go at the tables, but we really enjoyed the quiet after a long day/night.Since it was colder, couldn't really enjoy the pool area as much as when it's warmer, but it is heated and part-indoor, and the gym is first rate and there's no extra charge for the gym. I'd stay at the Platinum again for sure.	
Jan 11 2008 	Hmmm!	The rooms are large with full kitchen, living room and separate bedroom and sizable bathroom.The restaurants were somewhat limited in the choice of menu and there is only one restaurant, although the head waiter (Dante) was extremely friendly and went out of his way to accommodate wishes.Taxis are difficult to get at this hotel and you can often wait quite a while for a cab., although it is only ten minutes walk to Bally's and the monorail.Although the Platinum has pretensions to be a really high class hotel and this is reflected in the price, it doesn't really come off.	
Jan 10 2008 	TIny Issues Forgiveable	Selected The Platinum to serve as an oasis from the zaniness of the Strip and wasn't disappointed. There were a few minor glitches: we were placed in a 2-Queen instead of a King room; shower light burned out (how would Housekeeping know until notified?); no shampoo upon check-in; bell man too slow upon check out. However, we found the staff accommodating, and we received cheerful compliance with any request. The only meals we ate there were breakfasts, and they were done well and fairly priced. One should be cautioned, though: the Platinum is indeed one block from the Strip, but a &quot;block&quot; in Las Vegas can be as much as a quarter mile. Frankly, if I could lodge just one complaint, it's that because of its orientation, if you take a cab anywhere, you wind up having to go a long block in the opposite direction to allow the cab to make its U-turn, costing you time and $$$.	
Jan 10 2008 	Business owners.. beware... NOT A PLATINUM EXPERIENCE AT ALL!	On a recent trip to platinum suites, I was VERY disappointed. I sent this letter to the general manager Peter Rockwood, and got a reply from someone completely different. The best thing they offered me to compensate my troubles was a complimentary upgrade to a Princess Suite? Very unprofessional. At least an apology from the person I sent the letter to! BEWARE of this place, and if you do stay here, DON'T PUT UP WITH CRAP!!! &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I stayed with your establishment on from Dec 30, 2007- Jan 1, 2008 in a Marquis Suite. I own a graphic design company and I had invited some of my clients to spend the new year in Las Vegas, as well as talk business. I would have checked in myself but my flight had been delayed so I told my clients to go ahead and check in to the hotel. They had been waiting for me to arrive and I did not want them to be inconvenienced by my tardiness. I mentioned that they would probably have to give the hotel a credit card but I assured them that there would be no charges. I told them once I arrived I would place my card on the account. One of your staff members, Jason, checked in my clients and from what they tell me, he was extremely condescending, unwelcoming, and had an attitude of superiority. Jason made my clients feel uncomfortable and unhappy when I had promised them a weekend of relaxation. Jason's behavior was uncalled for, he did not apologize for his behavior and no resolution was made. For a hotel that prides themselves on relaxation and hospitality I am very angry that my clients were subjected to this kind of treatment. Futhermore, I was promised a twin rollaway bed would be waiting for me in the room when I checked in and no such bed was there. I called the front desk that day FIVE times and each time they said &quot;we will take care of that right away.&quot; I waited and waited for the rollaway bed to arrive and no such thing happened. I called again at 4AM to mention that I was still waiting on the rollaway bed and was given the runaround. I wasted an entire day for that bed which never arrived. If there had been no available rollaway beds, why keep me waiting? I finally received the rollaway bed the next morning. This is unacceptable. Futhermore, the room itself was not in good condition. There was burnt out light bulbs in the guest rooms and the alarm clocks kept losing power so we could never find out the correct time. An engineer had to come and fix this problem but the alarm clocks still went off and on. Normally, I would overlook this as being a minor issue but compounded with all issues I was faced with when I arrived I am not as forgiving. Today I received a call from my client mentioning that he had been charged for the room and he was extremely upset. I am angry because I specifically asked the front desk to not charge anything to his credit card. This does not reflect well on my business and my clients are not pleased with the hotel which I had chosen. I am troubled that this experience may have cost me their business. He mentioned to me about the unhospitable front desk - specifically Jason, and requested that I mention his behavior to the general manager of the hotel. This is my first time staying with Platinum Hotel and I am disappointed with the outcome. I arrived to issues with the mix up on the reservation rates, Jason with his air of superiority over my clients, waiting for a rollaway bed that never arrived until the following day, burnt out light bulbs, alarm clocks which kept losing power, and charging my client when I specifically requested for all the charges to be placed on my credit card.I was going to overlook these unfortunate experiences due to the fact of the busy new years eve weekend, however, the final straw was the charging of my client. I am going to be very cautious about returning to your hotel the next time I visit Las Vegas. I hope you will do your best to remedy these complaints.	
Jan 10 2008 	Fantastic time at the Platinum	We chose this one as we had young children and didn't want to stay in a casino/hotel. The apartment was huge! the kids loved the plasma TV, pool, spa and the huge beds. We also liked the fact that it had a dishwasher and the laundry facilities. The only downside was the lack of kitchen utensils such as pans, trays for the oven and dishes. The location was about a 10 minute walk from the strip and if hot would recommend cutting through Bally's and the moving walkway.	
Jan 5 2008 	The Smart off Strip Choice	We stayed at the Platinum for 11 days, for Christmas and New Year. A Solitaire room with a balcony giving us a strip view from Mandalay Bay to the Palazzo!- Very handy for the New Years Firework display.The room was great, tvs in the lounge and bedroom, whirlpool bath and shower, coffee maker in the kitchen, iron, big american fridge.Its a 8 minute walk to the strip and its good to get away. There are handy shops within a 2 minute walk to stock up the kitchen but no pots or pans are provided. But lets face it, its cheaper to eat out in America! When we mentioned where we were staying to locals, it had a good reputation. Valet parking is provided, which can be busy in the mornings if alot of people are checking out- but really we had no complaints about the hotel. Highly recommended, believe these reviews, stay off strip to keep your sanity and enjoy your own condo!David	
Jan 3 2008 	Great anniversary stay we'll be back!	Highly influenced by Trip Advisor’s rating of The Platinum, we booked for our 10th wedding anniversary in late December 2007. Upon arrival, the valet helped us empty the contents of our trunk onto a bell cart and whisked our car away to the valet-only car park. The hotel lobby is straightforward with a plush bar/coffee area (depending on time of day). Staff congratulated us on our anniversary and upgraded our room to the 16th floor. The room is just enormous, as large as the first house we lived in 10 years ago! Views of the strip were fantastic from the generous balcony. We didn't make full use of the kitchen - it had a full-size stove and fridge - because room service was so affordable (about $9/pp for a delicious breakfast) and fast. The walk to the strip was about 10 minutes, which was uncomfortable in the cold and wind. However, we ducked into the back of Bally’s about 3 minutes away and walked the remainder in the warm, but smoke-filled casino floor. We drove to shows at the Venetian and Wynn, both about 5-10 minutes away by car.The jetted whirlpool tub was heavenly, as was the comfortable bed. One note of advice though, fill the tub up all the way before starting the jets or you’ll have water spraying all over the place! We were in the room so much that we missed housekeeping one day, but a staff member came by at about 5pm and offered housekeeping service. Although we didn’t accept, the thoroughness was impressive.The only uncomfortable aspect of the stay were the police sirens throughout the night (a few blocks away but distracting nonetheless), and construction noises from a former gas station below our window starting at about 7am. These distractions didn’t detract from the stay though, we’ll be back.	
Dec 26 2007 	Great Hotel	This hotel was great. We had no problems at all. We were upgraded without asking. We had gorgeous views of the strip. The walk to the strip is not bad at all. The spa was great!! Very relaxing. The hotel staff were always helpful and pleasant. The room was gorgeous. Plasma TV, fireplace, the jetted tub was great! I researched for a long time before going to Vegas and for the price this was the best hotel. I loved the fact of having a full kitchen so to save a few bucks for gambling we just went to the hotel next door a bought a few large pizzas to keep in the fridge for late night munchies. The hotel behind the Platinum (forget the name) had a great restuarant that was reasonably priced for dinner and breakfast. The servings were huge!!	
Dec 20 2007 	Great Non Smoking Hotel/Spa just off the strip!	We stayed here during Thanksgiving throughout the weekend November 22 thru November 26. I must agree that this is one of the finest business hotels just off the strip. The service and the staff were very nice, mainly the concierge &quot;Gita&quot; was exceptional and extremely knowledgeable, helpful, and friendly. The facilities were 5 star, the overall look and feel was the perfect. However, the food at the restaurant was mediocre. A table next to us sent their food back because it was delivered cold but the decor of the restaurant was wonderful. Our waiter was very nice and did everything he could to make us happy. The heated pool on the restaurant level (5th floor) is nice and has an excellent view of several hotels on the strip. The hotel has a wonderful workout facility with state of the art equipment, add the &quot;exceptional&quot; spa, where one can escape life's stress, relax, and be treated at the first class spa like a queen or king and you have the perfect combination for a great stay. The rooms are all suites that are spacious and extremely comfortable with upgraded amenities. I will definitely stay here when I am in Vegas again and will also let my friends know about this gem of a hotel. The only draw back is that the internet is not free and somewhat costly here.Overall, one of the best hotels for the price that is slot machines free and NO smoking allowed in the building. These were huge selling point for us when making our decision of where to stay.	
Dec 18 2007 	Best value and luxury on the strip!	I have just stayed at the finest business hotel on the strip. The service and the stafff were exceptional, the facilites were 5 star, the room was the perfect haven to conduct business and to relax, the spa was excellent and the food at the restaurant was wonderful as well. Add to that the outstanding outdoor pool and spa on the fifth floor and the workout facility, and you have the perfect combination for a great stay. Did I mention that the room was 1,083 square feet? Amazing. I will definitely stay here when I am in Vegas and will also let my friends know about this gem of a hotel.	
Dec 14 2007 	Great experience	I read the reviews before I went, so I knew what to ask and expect. I asked for room upgrade and received it. Booked on orbitz with the free massage deal. Since I went on the weekend, when I called to make my reservation, they said the free massage is for the weekdays, but they quickly asked when I was going to book it and they accomodated me completely. Massage was very nice and altered pressure to my preference. I received good service overall. When I found the switch on the table lamp was broken, I called and they said they would send a guy right up. He arrived in 10 minutes. We are clean and private, so did not worry about a maid cleaning our room. Arriving in LV in our own truck, we brought some items we wanted to have such as organic eggs, etc. We cooked breakfast and ate out at night. Everything worked, the coffee maker, the toaster, stove, dishwasher, etc. My boyfriend liked the coffee. The bathroom was roomy and the jet tub worked great. The king bed was comfy and warm! The curtains are nice and heavy to make the room dark. The hotel was quiet, though you could hear music on Saturday night, but only for a few hours.The bar, Stir, is very open to trying a wine before committing (I am somewhat picky). The restaurant bartender and waitstaff were very attentive to our needs (we were in a rush for a show). Two thoughts on the food: Beef is done extremely well, sides are not overdone, but the salmon was a little run of the mill. The valet guys were very attentive to our needs (especially when in a rush). Great service holding our golf clubs and retrieving our truck, hailing a cab, or firing up the Escalade. I really appreciated this non-smoking, non-gaming hotel. The only other thing I would change is charging for internet service. This is the place for me in Vegas - we will be back!!P.S. I'm not extremely well-traveled, but have been to some really nice hotels, like the Kea Lani in Maui and various Fairmonts. That is why I did not give a 5.	
Dec 12 2007 	Home away from home....I loved Platinum Hotel and Spa	I stayed in room #915 at the Platinum Hotel and Spa from December 2nd - 7th (5 nights total). For the 5 nights my bill came to $545 (this price includes all taxes). This is a great place to stay if you want to stay in a clean, comfortable, quiet, non-smoking, non-gaming hotel that is close to the hullabaloo of the strip.The solitaire suite is HUGE (over 900 sq. feet). There is a kitchen area, a living room area and a huge bathroom with a walk-in shower, a hot tub type of bath tube and two sinks. The room was very comfortable, quiet and very clean too. I had a balcony overlooking East Flamingo Road (not too far from the strip). Ballys is not too far from Platinum. You can catch the Deuce ($5 for 24 hour pass)--a bus that runs up and down the strip (best way to get around the strip in my opinion, taxi rides around Las Vegas get pretty costly--and cabbies will take you all around the world for a ride if they know that you're not a native of Las Vegas!). I did not have a problem with walking to the strip. From Platinum to the Venetian (where I had to go for a conference) it was about a 20 minute walk. The staff was attentive (they brought me towels, soap, body wash and shampoo quickly when I called for it). Gita at the concierge desk was an absolute angel--very helpful lady! The Platinum is very close to a 7-11 which is good in a pinch if you want a cup of coffee or a late night snack.I would most definitely stay at the Platinum Hotel and Spa again and I highly recommend it.	
Dec 10 2007 	Great Place To Stay in Vegas!	Very nice hotel. Huge rooms with full size kitchens with stainless steel appliances and dishes. Coffee maker! Most hotels on the strip don't have coffee makers, they want you to go into the casino to get your coffee. Bathrooms include a giant jacuzzi tub with seperate shower stall. If you are travelling on business, stay here. The bar - Stir - has great drinks. Room service is very good and fast. Rooms are new as of 2007 so the beds are new and very comfortable. Views of the strip are awesom as well. Everyone was very nice and helpful. I would definately stay here again and have already reccommended it to friends who travel here frequently. Short cab ride to the strip.Very elegant feel.	
Dec 9 2007 	Great facility not so great service	Lots of good things to write about this hotel that is just off the strip.1) A good atmosphere if you are looking for a hotel just off the strip-- not in the hustle and bustle of things, but everything is still walking distance2) great fitness area/spa-- i used the sauna for free after my workout, it was wonderful3) the rooms are amazing. huge, full kitchens, balconies, even washers and dryers4) Nice place for lunch with reasonable pricesThe problems that my friends and I had were the lack of service-- it doesn't match the great facility. 1) Our room did not have very hot water in the shower and nobody seemed to care much when we told them2) Watch out for hidden fees-- they charged us $50 extra per person when they found out we had more than 2 people in the room3) Cabs can be a little difficult to get during busy times-- the valet guys try hard, but during mid afternoon, cold days, and at night give yourself plenty of timeThe postives far outweigh the negative! Enjoy.	
Dec 7 2007 	Outstanding Rooms!	I loved the hotel. The rooms were amazing and at a great price. Everything was brand new, and nice. I've never stayed anywhere I liked more for less than $120/night like I did here. The only qualm is of course the location. It's billed as off-strip, which it certainly is. I wish it was a block closer as it was about 3/4 miles just to get to the strip. Oh well, other than that it was great.Can't complain about anything at all.	
Nov 25 2007 	Amazing Room!	I stayed one night at this hotel in the beginning of November and could not have been happier. Our suite was amazing, everything you would need. We were part of a wedding party and were given a great rate for a Sat. night.(Nov. 10) The pool was great as well as the food we had for lunch while at the pool. Wish we had stayed longer as there was no way our room at our other stay could match this one. Anyway I'll know where to stay next time. Oh and the jacuzzi was amazing as well!	
Nov 24 2007 	It was everything I expected and more!	My boyfriend and I spent our 6th anniversary at this establishment from Nov. 4th-Nov. 8th. We loved every second we spent in our hotel!-Booked our room through their website (it was easy and I experienced no problems). I gave them a call to let them know I was a AAA member and I received a discount.-We had no problems checking in.-The staff was so friendly! They all treated us very well!-The suite was fantastic, it felt like home to us (be sure to bring pots and pans if you're planning on cooking because those are the only things the hotel doesn't provide).-Every room in the suite was clean. The bathtub was huge!-Valet parking was free and we had no problems with it.-Because my boyfriend and I didn't want to walk to the strip, driving to the strip was a slight inconvenience (5-10 min commute).-The only bad thing: the suite was so cozy that it was really hard for us to leave the room.-I would definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Nov 20 2007	Excellent hotel - highly recommended	We chose the Platinum for a couple of reasons - we wanted the privacy of a suite as two individuals and the tranquility of somewhere to retreat from the bustle of the strip hotels. We were delighted by our decision.The roomFabulous. Jacuzzi tub. Huge fridge. Great strip views. Spotlessly clean and tasteful.The peopleSuperb service from the concierge and the bellmen. The foodWe had breakfast which was superior. A la carte but good value.The poolSmart surroundings - great pool.Need I say any more. I'm from the UK otherwise I'd be tempted to keep this one to myself. Congratulations on this great alternative option off strip.P.S. We walked to New York in 30 minutes, Paris in 10. Taxis are an easy option once your feet get too hot!	
Nov 14 2007	High Expectations: hit and misses	From the day it opened, I was determined to try the Platinum. I read all the reviews and decided this is the place I would splurge on to celebrate Mom's brithday. I got some great rates on Expedia by booking about 2 months in advance. I paid $119 and $159 for Thursday and Friday of Veterans day weekend. What a deal!And so we set off the for the Platinum with high hopes. By and large they were all met and even exceeded. The unit was delightfully spacious. We were on the 11th floor with a view to the east. The decor is contemporary and sleek. The kitchen is finer than anything I have at home. The bathroom was almost as big as a standard room. The Jacuzzi was a pleasure and the water preasure was exceptional, no water saver showeheads here. It was a treat to sit on the balcony and enjoy the warmth and sunshine. The units are very soundproof. One night walking down the hall our nieghbors across the hall were blasting their Bose system. As soon as I closed our door you could not hear their tunes. The staff were very professional. In particular the valet parkers were so friendly and efficient. I never waited more than 3 minutes for the car. THREE CHEERS!But there were a few boos. The desk lamp was broken. 3:00 PM rolled around and housekeeping had not shown up. I had to call and request the room to be made up. There is a good size closet in the bedroom, but the door is barely a foot wide, making the closet very inconvenient to use. There is a safe on the shelf in the closet, but the nearest light is about 20 feet away. I literally had to use my cell phone for light to see what I was doing. (a poor design). The unit was spotlessly clean, with one notable exception. The exhaust fan it the bathroom is in the ceiling in the center of the room. The vent cover looked like a dust farm with a few prize winning dust bunnies that were ready for harvest. The most problematic part of the room is the air conditioner. First of all it is noisy, so much so I had to raise the volume on the TV when the unit kicked on. That is the second problem, the unit does not remain on. It periodically turns on when cool air is needed. It sends out waves of icy air for a few minutes and then shuts off. The air is not circulated until it goes on again. I found the bedroom to be either freezing or stuffy and warm. It seems like an energy saver kind of unit that is found in an Econo-Lodge. This was the only major flaw in the room.In spite of that I will look for the opportunity to stay there again. The space and luxury make for a memorable stay.	
Nov 11 2007 	Not a hotel room a pad!	The Platinum hotel and spa is a block of condos that have been converted into a hotel and we were delighted when we checked into our 1-bedroom suite! The accomodation has everything you could want and more, and is stylish, modern and very spacious. Some reviewers have commented on the location off of the strip. We didn't find it to be inconvenient and we were happy to be a little bit further away from the strip (it is an easy 10 minute walk on to the strip at the Bellagio) to stay at a fantastic pad! I'd definitely recommend staying here, especially for longer stays.	
Oct 30 2007 	Top marks for Platinum hotel	This place is superb, From the moment we arrived till the time we checked out everything was just great. We had a one bedroom suite which was on the seventh floor overlooking Flamingo drive and on to the mountains. The room felt as if it had never been used, and the bed was wonderful.  One minor point about our room was the traffic noise I think the fire trucks must come round during the night just to wake everybody up boy are they loud! For anybody from the Uk looking for somewhere to stay in Vegas you cannot go wrong at this place, Have paid more for rooms in London that arnt as big as the the bathroom at this hotel. We also stopped at the mgm signiture which rates higher than this hotel, well apart from it having the best bed I have ever sleeped in and being much quieter I would go for the Platinum everytime.	
Oct 30 2007 	Love The Marquis Suite	We got one of two rooms in the entire Hotel. The Marquis Suite!!! This place had everything you need. Two rooms, two bathrooms, balcony etc. They had a security in the elevator so you knew you were safe!! The plasma tvs were really awsome!! It was the perfect room for my friends birthday weekend!! I couldn't give it 5 stars because it was not on the strip. On this trip we didnt go to many casinos, since it was not a walkable distance. Other than that this place is better then half the hotels on trhe strip. I would defenetly stay here again!!	
Oct 24 2007	Nice property with some kinks	If you don't like Las Vegas (noise, smoke, crowds), this place is for you! It's a condo hotel so the accomodations are fantastic (I stayed in a small 1-bedroom for $129/night) and the Platinum is just a block from the acion. But there are some kinks:1) Housekeeping. My in-room coffee cup was replaced but the coffee pot was not cleaned and the coffee packets not replaced. I also did not have my bottled water replenished.2) Reataurant. I literally had to walk into the kitchen to find the hostess one morning to seat me at 6 after the open. The next morning, the place was locked up at and I had to get the front desk manager to call upstairs. Not great if you're attending a meeting like I was and need to eat early.3) Fitness room. I got up early to use the very nice facility. Despite the fact there was an attendant, I had to search for a fresh set of headsets. All those in place were used and nobody form the hotel had checked.I will go back to the Platinum but some upgrades are needed to make the name synonimous with the service.	
Oct 22 2007 	Excellent value and great service.	My wife and I stayed at The Platinum for 3 nights in early October.This was our first time in Las Vegas,and the recommendations to avoid booking accomodation on ` The Strip ` proved to be well founded !! The Platinum is one block off the centre of the strip.It takes no more than a five minute walk to the front of The Bellagio,Caesars Palace or Ballys.We booked a one bedroomed suite which for two people was more than adequate.The suite had a full kitchen , Whirlpool / spa bath, lounge / living room ,two LCD televisions and a balcony with the most stunning view of Las Vegas you could imagine.(we were on the 16th floor !)The staff from the front desk ,the car valet guys and the restaurant and bar staff were exceptional .Nothing was to much trouble, even to rhe extent of a waiter coming to our room to open a bottle of wine for us as the cutlery tray was missing a corkscrew.The pool area is on the fifth floor and after some serious sightseeing and shopping it was a relaxing area to unwind at the end of the day,before hitting the nightlife of `Sin City`.The sunbeds were fully matressed,with a further selection of other reclining chairs and sofas on which to enjoy a drink from the discreet poolside bar.The restaurant stands comparison with most four star hotels.The food is excellent and seriously well presented but be prepared to pay that bit more for it along with the service.The bar staff were absolutely brilliant not only at creating some wonderful cocktails but giving us the inside information of how to have fun in Vegas.Overall I cannot rate this place highly enough.It may be a block off the strip but is actually closer than if you were staying in the further reaches of somewhere like Caesars Palace or The MGM Grand,	
Oct 22 2007 	A great place!	The reviews here were great .... the experience was even better! The rooms are spacious, the views are very nice and the staff was exceptional. The lack of a casino was a plus ... the facility was quiet and the air was clean. It is located about .7 miles from the strip and convenient to the monorail. And, the rates are reasonable and certainly a value for ones $.	
Oct 10 2007 	Family-Friendly Awesome Rooms Perfect Staff... A+	One minor thing I'd suggest up front if you stay here and you sleep lightly -- try to get a room that doesn't face Flamingo Ave. The windows are double-paned, but even from the 9th floor, ambulances and &quot;loud pipes&quot; did wake me up a few times the first night.I never would have considered this off-the-strip hotel if not for its rating here on TripAdvisor, and boy am I glad we checked with TripAdvisor, because this was the best hotel I've stayed in for this price (and for considerably more). First, it's a suites-only timeshare. Before you stop reading, this is not a sales-pitch for a free stay kind of time share -- the units are already owned, and they're rented out like a regular hotel. Except the rooms are very spacious, they have full-size refrigerators, a small dishwasher (which housekeeping runs for you if you use any dishes), real hair dryers and irons... almost like home. We stayed in the smallest of their suites, the Solitaire. It was quite ample for me, my wife, and our four-year-old son, who slept on the pull-out sofa. You can check out the Solitair floorplan on the Platinum's Web site [---]The staff is the friendliest I've experienced, and the on-site restaurant is excellent. We arrived Sunday night about 12 hours ahead of our bags, so when we showed up at the restaurants in rumpled clothing (me in a Tee Shirt), I didn't expect to be greeted with smiles and the most gracious and friendly service of our whole stay in Vegas. The food was marvelous, and we took our &quot;doggie bags&quot; upstairs to the fridge for a late-night snack.The hotel is very close the the strip, but given the crazy Vegas traffic I was glad we had the rental car so we didn't have to manage crossing the intersections on foot. The hotel has valet-only parking, but they were always quick and courteous.Anyway, we had a marvelous vacation and it was in no small part due to the Platinum and its great staff.	
Oct 3 2007 	Overall it was good but had some bumps	Pros - The room was HUGE and awesome (see photos). Separate bedroom, pullout sofa, full kitchen and a whirlpool tub with separate shower, balcony, &quot;fireplace&quot; (not real fire but still nice), and even a washer and dryer. It was nicer than my house! In fact they will sell you suite as condo. The concierge was always helpful and housing keeping was great. We also never had any problem with the valet even when it got a little crowded.Cons - It is not on the strip and it really isn't within walking distance (well, we always drove). Also my friend (who paid for the room) was harassed. There was a private party at the pool one night so they had people at the elevators in the lobby directing everyone. I came through and didn't show them a room key and the guy even push the elevator button for me. My other two friends didn't have any problems at all. Then the last of my friends showed up at the door with one of the employees from the hotel (not the same one I saw at the elevator) and asked if we could vouch for him since he didn't have a keycard (he had given them to us so we could get in the room ahead of him). We said yes but the man was very rude (I should have gotten his name) and came off as totally racist.Then they charged us a different rate than we reserved the room for. My friend is still trying to sort that out. Also just so you know, the PDF layout of the room on there website also shows a loveseat in the bedroom but we just got a chair (it wasn't that big of a deal to us).I really wanted to like this hotel and loved the room but we probably won't be back because of the cons and that is just to bad.	
Oct 2 2007	My recommendation for a Vegas Vacation	The Platinum Hotel delivers a spa-like atmosphere and a focus on comfort and well being. It is still within walking distance of your strip nightlife and gaming, but allows travelers to escape to spacious guestrooms with shower and jetted tubs, spa toiletries, luxury linens, fully equipped kitchens and an indoor/outdoor pool with sundeck overlooking the strip. Get a room on the spa/fitness facility floor for a convienent workout!	
Sep 29 2007 	Definitely not your typical Vegas hotel	We stayed at the Platinum for 4 nights in mid-September, and overall it did not disappoint. We booked a 2 bedroom suite on the 12th floor and were very pleased with its size. Not that we need a lot of space when we stay somewhere but this was definitely above and beyond. I would say more it's like a condo than a hotel room. This makes sense since half of the rooms in the building are for sale as condos.The rooms were all clean but not spotless. The wireless internet worked well but was rather expensive at $13/day. The full size kitchen was a definite bonus with more cabinet space than any family would ever need. Strangely enough, the dishwasher was one of those half-size models so if you did use a lot of dishes and glasses you would be running many loads. Also annoying was the fact that the microwave appeared to work (i.e. the light came on, the fan blew air, the food turned), but trying to heat up left-over pancakes took about 8 minutes. I called maintenance and they said it's working properly but it's just a cheap model. Whatever.The pool area is very nice being up on the 5th floor with a view of the Strip. The pool was heated which most people love. But if it had been a typical Vegas weekend with temps in the 90's+, I would have been quite upset. I mean who wants to jump in a lukewarm pool when it's blistering hot? Fortunately for us it was only in the 70's during our stay. The pool is an indoor/outdoor variety and you can swim between the 2 sections.The food from the restaurant is overpriced (it is Vegas after all, so get used to that) but quite good. We had room service for breakfast once or twice and lunch by the pool once or twice. Each time was good.As for location, I think it's great. It's exactly one block (a Vegas block, mind you, which is long) from the Strip. Easily walkable unless it was super hot outside. I like the fact that the Platinum doesn't have any slots or casinos. It lets you get out of that environment which if you spend any time on Strip you're definitely going to want to take a break from that craziness.	
Sep 29 2007 	A nice change	I normally post photos, but generx had a nice submission and appears to have stayed in the same room as us. The only photos I could really add are of the nice ladies sunbathing at the pool below our balcony. My submission will probably end up being too long anyway, but here it goes…Our first impression was not that great. We took a taxi from the hotel to the Platinum and the valet area is very small and difficult for vehicles to navigate. We got there around midnight on Friday and surprisingly the whole valet was packed with cars and people. Since everyone was busy, we hauled our own luggage into the lobby. The adjacent bar was packed and since the music was loud, it was difficult to talk to the desk clerk. Although my group booked two princess suites at the same time, we were put on different floors. My room was fine. My friend’s room was not cleaned. When they complained, they were given a new room and comped for breakfast. (This comp was later changed by the daytime desk clerk to $50 off each of our rooms).The room itself is as advertised in all of the previous submissions and photos. It was basically a condo. It was nice to have a full sized kitchen and refrigerator. There were a few glasses, plates and silverware to use if needed and having a fridge with an icemaker on the door saved us from having to run down the hallway to an icemaker numerous times. The living room was very large and the plasma TV was a nice change from the usual hotel sets. Our fireplace was not gas and did not have real flames. It simply had lights that appeared to be flames. We didn’t care because we never turned it on for anything other than to look at it. The king sized bed was very comfortable and it had some very heavy and thick sheets and covers. I was able to crank up the AC to 68 and it was nice being snug under the covers. The AC worked great – although it was unusually cool for Vegas that week and I wondered how the AC would fare in much hotter weather. The Jacuzzi tub, as stated before, was very large and easily fit two people. The drain stopper was a pain to use and it would come undone if touched slightly. Although the marble two sink countertop was large, my girlfriend found a way to completely fill it with her beauty products. I read that the shower was small in size but I found it to be more than large enough. The water temperature was just a bit too cool as I could never get it as hot as I would have liked. It was even cooler during the morning hours and I did not enjoy showering in lukewarm water. Perhaps it was because I had the room so cold? Housekeeping cleaned the room adequately, however they never replaced the shampoo and body wash the entire time we were there. Because we brought our own, this was not an issue. There were two full sized closets, one in the bathroom and one in the bedroom. While we did not use the clothes washer or dishwasher, there were packets of laundry detergent, dishwashing detergent and dryer sheets. The dryer came in handy to rid my clothes of the wrinkles sustained while packed in my suitcase. The iron was better than most others I’ve used in hotels. The front desk clerk in the evening was completely lost. Aside from not being able to offer a solution to our in-room internet connection not working, his answer to my inquiry if the pizza delivery guy could come directly to my room was “I dunno”. I ended up meeting the delivery guy in the lobby, eating my pizza and going to bed.We ordered breakfast the following morning. I ordered an omelet and my girlfriend ordered French toast. It was pretty good by hotel food standards and we were satisfied. The internet was still not working and after calling the 800 number provided for guidance, we discovered that someone jammed the Ethernet cable upside down into the outlet. Maintenance came up within 30 minutes and pulled it out of the wall, however we were now forced to use wireless internet and still charged the same $12.95 a day. It wasn’t so bad.Since there is not a whole lot to do inside the hotel or directly around it, I cannot add any insight to the rest of the hotel’s services. We did not visit the pool, the restaurants or the spa. The walk to the strip was not the greatest since the cars travel pretty fast on that stretch. It takes about 15 minutes to get to Las Vegas Blvd. Most of the time, we took a taxi to various parts of town. On our final morning, I called the front desk to see if we could have a late checkout. The clerk recognized that we had some issues upon check-in and allowed us to stay in the room until 1pm. As mentioned above, she also took off $50 per room. Although this hotel had a few setbacks, we would stay there again. It was a nice change from the usual casino atmosphere and it probably saved me a few hundred dollars as I usually gamble while my girlfriend takes two hours getting ready. Instead, I just grabbed a cold beer from the fridge, turned on the plasma and watched some TV. Want to save a lot of money and get a great breakfast? Walk around the corner to the Ellis Island Casino. It is this little dive of a place but the food was cheap ($13 for both of us) and very good. We went there twice and both times I walked out with more money than I spent inside. Their slot machines seem to pay well.	
Sep 25 2007 	Loved this place - will definately be back!	This hotel is an absolute gem. I have been to Vegas many times and usually stayed in one of the hotels on the strip. This time we decided to try an off strip property and we will never stay on the strip again. We stayed in the Solitare Suite and it was lovely. The room was huge. There was a full kitchen with granite countertops and stainless steel appliances; a living room with a fireplace and huge plasma tv; a lovely balcony; a huge bedroom with a super comfortable bed; and, last be not least,a fabulous bathroom with the largest bathtub I have ever seen. The property has a lounge, restaurant and pool - all of which looked lovely although I did not use any of them. The parking is valet only but the valets are fabulous and quick. I highly recommend staying here and I will definately stay here again - soon!	
Sep 19 2007	Great rooms and good value	I stayed here on a recent trip to try something other than the strip casinos. The rooms are very large and you basically get a suite for what a standard room would cost elsewhere. The bathrooms are very large with a separate shower and tub and two sinks. It's a 1/4 mile to the strip, but only about 1 block to the back of Bally's, where you can also pick up the monorail.Being off the strip and without a casino, it's pretty quite. Good if you want to relax, but not if you're looking for a party seen. The pool area is nice but not very large and I never saw it crowded. Being a smaller property, you don't have many options for food or entertainment, so you'll probably be heading over to the strip. This is a good choice if you want a large room for a good price, but you don't care about some of the conveniences of a strip hotel.	
Sep 18 2007	Pleasant stay just a block off the strip	Stayed over the weekend, this hotel is really easy to find. There are no large buildings around it and it’s also conveniently located a block off the main strip so there is far less traffic, getting to/from the airport is quick. Entrance to this hotel is easy to miss though (small driveway entrance eastbound on Flamingo Rd.) It’s about 10-minutes to walk to the strip (a cab ride to/from the Bellagio in traffic is &lt; $10+ tip)Check in was quick, friendly, and efficient. It’s a non-smoking hotel, not easy to find in LV. Internet access available (for a fee) Lobby was small with 3 check-in desks, a bar to the left, and elevators to the right. Got a Princess Suite with a view of the strip and pool below from the balcony and from the huge bedroom window. Although the strip views are of the backside of the strip, it’s still a great view at night. At 1083 sq. ft., it’s spacious with a separate bedroom, full kitchen, balcony, living room, and a walk-through bathroom with a jetted tub and separate shower. Since they just opened late last year, everything was new and showed no signs of wear. The suite also had a 42-inch LG flat screen TV, Bose wave radio/cd player, gas fireplace, washer and dryer, separate bedroom TV, safe, robes, and typical hotel toiletries (shampoo, lotion, etc.) AC was nice and chilly but fan was a bit noisy. Sound insulation was good, heard no street, pool, or hallway noises (we were on a high floor though) Decent quality linens and king bed was not overly soft. Morning paper was provided every day.Restaurant was nice with modern décor and booths. Had the usual breakfast items on the menu, great service, they do not serve poolside. Pool area was small; indoor/outdoor pool is great with techno/house/chillout music playing all day. Did not use the spa.Valet staff was friendly, at times understaffed but they were clearly trying. Tip well as you check in and you’ll get your rental car very quickly. Mine was parked in front every day vs. the parking garage. The problem with the parking is the design of the driveway and parking garage, not the valets. They were also quick at getting a cab.	
Sep 17 2007 	Very luxurious for it's inexpensive prices!!	I Loved this Hotel, Very luxurious for it's inexpensive prices!! I went for my 21st birthday with friends and they all loved how big and roomy the rooms were. I recommend this hotel for anyone. It's close to the strip, no need to drive. The bar could have stayed open longer. I would definitely stay here again in the near future.	
Sep 17 2007 	Stylish and sophisticated non casino hotel	The Platinum hotel is located a short walk from the strip (near Bally's &amp; Flammingo's), it is a stylish and sophisticated hotel and spa.This new hotel is clean - the suite was delightful. The huge bathroom had a walk in shower and jet bath, Spa toiletries are provided. Bathrobes in room for guest use. There is an indoor outdoor pool (pool towels are provided). There is an equipped kitchen with full size fridge with water and ice dispenser. ( If you need pans ask at reception)This is a non-smoking hotel there is a £250 dollar fine if you smoke in the room or balcony.There is a resteraunt (expensive), and a Spa offering various treatments.Courtesy transport will take you if taxi unavailable	
Sep 16 2007 	Fantastic hotel and fantastic price!!	This is one of the most luxurious hotels I've ever stayed in! Only open since Dec '06 so still has that new feel to furnishings and decor. Very spacious with full kitchen, lounge + bedroom with en-suite bath with jacussi bath. It was a pleasure to sink into the very comfy bed with beautiful bed linen. Had room service breakfast each day - beautiful but pricy unless you have it included in the room rate. Best rates are on the hotel website. The roof top pool is very 'chic' - definitely geared to adults. Lovely sunbeds and an urn of iced face towels to cool you down as you leave. Some reviewers have commented about the walk to the strip - it is only about 7 minutes, you arrive opposite the Bellagio and the hotel becomes a haven away from the noise and glitz. We did get a taxi to MGM to see 'Ka' - well worth it to arrive to see the show (fantastic) cool and comfortable. Cost $10 between 4 so very cheap. Only in Vegas for a few days to get over UK flight before travelling on but would return just to go to this hotel if I had the chance. All in all a beautiful hotel and fantastic value for money.	
Sep 4 2007 	We would definitely stay at Platinum in the futre	We loved the Princess Suite, the extra large whirlpool bathtub is absolutely fabulous!!! The rest of the bathroom is very roomy, with two sinks and shower (a little small, but very nice). The kitchen was also a nice amenity to have in our suite, it definitely saved us money on breakfast and lunch as we were able to cook ourselves, but the hotel does NOT provide pots and pans so we had to buy some of our own. We didn't use the TV's that were both in the living room and bedroom, but they seemed really nice. The suite provides a lot of closet space which is always nice and having a washer and dryer in our suite was great. We loved the balcony, very spacious and a great view of the Las Vegas Strip. We had a few mishaps when we first arrived with the valet service, but hotel management took care of that issue for us and let us park our truck ourselves for our entire stay and also offered a complimentary dinner or spa treatment. We decided to eat dinner at The Platinum Restaurant and enjoyed their ribeye steak, sauteed mushrooms and aspargus, but their mashed potatoes were horrible, the crab cakes were completely delicious and so was their asian crunch salad, after all that we didn't have room for dessert so I can't comment on that part of the menu. The staff at the restaurant was fabulous, very pleasant and attentive to our needs.Unfortunately there were some foolish people that were staying in the hotel the same weekend as we were - they decided to have fun with the fire extinguishers on the 16th fl. and set off the fire alarms and we all had to evacuate the hotel at 4:00am. We were staying on the 17th. fl. and had to walk down all 17 flights of stairs, which is horrible when you are half asleep. Of course we were happy that the fire alrams do work and warned us to evacuate, because if it had really been a fire we would've been more than happy to run down all 17 flights of stairs to safety! Finally getting back upstairs and to sleep we woke up a few hours later to realize that the pools (both indoor &amp; outdoor) were completely closed due to someone throwing bottles and glasses from their balcony out to the pool area. Once again we realize that this wasn't the hotel's fault and they have closed the pool for our own safety until the glass has all been removed from the pools, but this put a damper on our stay as we were looking forward to go into the pool for the day!!! Finally sometime in the late morning/early afternoon we were allowed to go into the pool, once this happened we had so much fun that we forgot all about our bad experience with the valet service, fire alarms going off in the early morning hours and the pool being closed for the morning! For the nightlife - well since there isn't any gambling inside the Platinum Hotel we walked over to the strip, which isn't a far walk at all. We enjoyed the different hotels, which we've seen plenty of times before and went back to nice non-smoking, non-gaming hotel of Platinum and enjoyed the rest of our stay.All and all we enjoyed The Platinum Hotel and Spa and would definitely book the Princess Suite for our next stay in Vegas. Everyone has to realize that no matter where you stay you are going to have issues. Everyone can't be happy all the time and no one can make you happy all the time, but you just make the best of what is handed to you and put a smile on your face and keep going. You make the best of your stay and you'll be guaranteed a great time, because remember your trip is all what you make of it. We could've sat and sulked all day and weekend long, but we didn't!!!!! Never go off of someone else's bad comments because they could have a completely different outlook on life than you do and you are letting them dictate your vacation. If I would've wrote this review right after our issues at Platinum this would've been very negative, but now that time has passed and I have thought about everything I realized that we enjoyed ourselves 100% and are planning a trip very soon!!!Enjoy : )	
Sep 3 2007 	Honeymooned at The Platinum 	My husband &amp; I recently stayed at The Platinum while we were on our honeymoon in April of this year...The staff was friendly &amp; helpful...We loved the Complimentary valet parking, it was very convenient, we never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for our car. The rooms were huge &amp; extremely nice...my husband loved the huge flat screen tv in the &quot;living area&quot;...The faux fireplace was romantic and the beds were the most comfortable we've ever slept in...We will return to the Platinum next year for our anniversary!	
Sep 2 2007	Thank you TripAdvisor for the recommendation	The hotel is definitely a real find. Good location being just a block behind Ballys and therefore relatively close to the Bellagio and Ceasars Palace. The suites are very spacious and very well appointed - excellent beds, enormous bathroom, flat screen TV's. There is a lovely American style fridge in the kitchen although there is relatively little in the way of kitchen utensils, no pans - I think they do not expect guests do much beyond making a coffee!. The pool although not huge is lovely to cool down in and the pool area is great with comfortable with great sun loungers and a bar. The other good thing is that the hotel feels more exclusive compared with the huge resorts in Vegas ie much smaller, no need to go through casinos to get to your room, checking in and out is quick and it is also non-smoking.Couple of tips is staying there: if you plan to use the pull-out bed request on your arrival that you will be using it and need bedding for it. Other tip, walk through Ballys to get to and from the Strip rather than walking outside- it gets so hot in summer!	
Aug 31 2007 	A pefect balance of excitement and relaxation	We selected this hotel because it offered a kitchen and living area, balcony and larger bedroom/bath for a good price. We were able to get a discount with our AAA membership. It's off the Strip a bit but we decided to check it out anyway. We went for a girl's trip and we were very pleased with everything. This hotel is less than a year old, so everything is new and nice. The beds are very soft, the full kitchen was not only beautiful but functional and spacious and the private balcony offered nice views of the city. The restaurant is good (had breakfast there) and the (5th floor?) pool has views of the Strip. There's no casino, which is a nice change. We went out on the town and came back to a very quiet, relaxing place to crash. If you're looking for the excitement of Vegas but want a retreat to escape to when you've had enough, the Platinum hotel and spa is the perfect place. I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas, most of them on the Strip, and I would definitely stay at the Platinum again.	
Aug 27 2007 	Won't stay there again	We only stayed at the Platinum for one night, but we won't stay there again. We think that since this hotel was converted from condos that couldn't sell, it couldn't handle the &quot;crowds&quot; of people checking in, checking out, parking at the same time.Suite: The suite was spacious and roomy.. We liked the bathroom and the view was nice. Nice flat screen TV. This alone, however isn't enough to convince us to stay again.Parking: Valet only. There were only 2 (maybe 3) attendants for the hotel. It took forever to get our car and it was quite unorganized. The valets were collecting tickets, getting cars and calling cabs while we all waited in the heat.Pool: The pool was being drained or something so we couldn't use it.Check in/out: The reception area is quite small and wasn't really able to accomodate all the people checking out at the same time. I didn't see TV checkout as an option so we waited in line.Internet: &quot;nothing is free&quot; -quote from front desk when I asked if there was free internet connection in the hotel.	
Aug 26 2007 	Surprisingly Dissappointed	The web site, the communication by telephone had me really looking forward to staying at the Platinum. It's not meant for kids. Yes, they showed a movie or two on the wall by the pool, but the warmth I experienced by viewing the web site and speaking to reservations from home was non-existent throughout my stay. I felt that everyone was bitter because there was the Vision Sports National Basketball Tournament with teams from all over staying at all hotels in Las Vegas with their parents, NBA players and collegiate coaches nationwide. There are no soda, ice or snack machines on the floors of the hotel. Your recourse is the delapidated corner establishment next door. It seems like they want to price everything like the Bellagio, but treat you like Motel 6 (no offense intended Tom Bodet). Heck, MGM has more affordable water, pizza and sandwiches. The highly-touted hi-def TV's were unclear, yet the stainless steel kitchen was impressive. The so-called free valet may be a treat to some, but I'd rather park somewhere myself on the premises in order to not wait so long to get my car and go. I hope the Platinum gets better.	
Aug 20 2007 	2 thumbs and 2 toes up!! Wonderful!	Our family of 4 spent 3 nights here and we all enjoyed our stay.We booked a Princess strip view suite with 2 queen sized beds.Complimentary valet parking is a HUGE plus. Very , very handy, especially with tired kids in tow. And another HUGE plus...It was nice not to have to walk through a large, smoke filled casino in order to get to our room. The lobby area is clean, quiet and calm.Check-in was a breeze and I was offered a promotion ($40.00 credit per day for &quot;breakfast in bed&quot;.....room service) when I inquired about an upgraded room using &quot;iprefer&quot; membership.Our one bedroom suite was very clean, well organized and comfortable. The kitchen was equipped to handle simple meals for 4. We used the microwave a few times and the dishwasher twice.Washer and dryer in the unit was also very handy.The living room was nicely decorated....we enjoyed the fireplace which is electric faux fire, but nice just the same.The bedroom was quite large and the beds were extremely comfortable with down blanket and pillows and triple sheets. The one closet was narrow and long, contained a safe and suitcase stand.The bathroom was luxurious with is double wide jetted tub, separate shower and double sinks. The bathroom closet contained 2 bathrobes, hairdryer and plumbers helper.I was initially disappointed with the strip view. Our room overlooked a street, 7 -11 and other small buildings, a large ugly, empty, parking lot and the pool straight below. The strip was beyond that. BUT, upon coming back to the room in the evening I was awe struck by the absolute beauty of the strip lights. I could not get enough of that view. Loved it!Room service was prompt and polite but the food isn't traditional family fare. It is mostly creative and interesting so beware if you have picky eaters.The pool area is nicely furnished and the pool is clean. We enjoyed the indoor/outdoor feature. The bartender was courteous and able to anticipate the needs of the guests, offering water and iced towels. A very nice touch.All of the staff that we encountered were absolute top notch.	
Aug 16 2007 	fab all suite hotel only one block from the strip	If you want a fab luxury modern hotel with no casino then this is the place for you. This is a all suite hotel so you have a suite rather than a room for the same price as a hotel. There is a indoor and outdoor pool on the 4th floor with a great restaurant attached. Valet parking on site and a bar downstairs. We stayed here in July 2007 and it is fab. The staff are very friendly and everything was so new and clean. Great views of the strip and only one block away.	
Aug 8 2007 	Living in paradise	Two friends &amp; I stayed at this hotel this past weekend. We were in Vegas 5 years ago &amp; made a pledge to repeat every 5 years. We wanted to find a place close to the strip, large enough for 3 adults, but not the price you find on the strip. Also old &amp; dirty was not an option. The platinum is very new &amp; clean. You can walk to the strip for the $200.00 you will save everyday. We walked over to Caesars &amp; used their pool. We had the best of both worlds. Also a couple of smaller casino's border this hotel. They both are not as crowded &amp; offer $5.00 single deck tables of which you will not find at the large casinos. Donte the bartender on the 5th floor is great, he has a special drink consisting of strawberries &amp; basil. Also getting a taxi from this place was easy. We were in Caesars &amp; people were having to wait in a long line to get a taxi. The service was great as well, everyone asked if we needed anything &amp; were very helful.	
Aug 4 2007 	Nice property but lack of concern for patrons or customer service complaints	I love the Platinum but will not go back to this property because of the lack of quality service to customer complaints. I wrote a letter to the hotel about an unpleasant experience and they did not reply about any of the complaints they just sent me a comp for spa services. We stayed at the hotel Mothers Day weekend and a fire alarm went off in the building. My family had to evacuate our room and go down 8 flights of stairs to the lobby, with my mother who just had a knee replacement and my 9 yr old daughter who was scared to death. Not one member of the staff asked how we were after or knew what to do in this emergency situation. We couldn’t go back to our room for over a hour due to the elevators locking down. The staff and or management absolutely had lousy follow up as far as customer service was concerned! The property is outstanding but the people working there need to be more aware of customer needs and more awareness in effectively handling customer service problems and or emergencies.	
Aug 3 2007 	Great if you don't like to gamble or smoke and have a car	Rooms-Loved the rooms especially the bathroom with the HUGE bath that you could fit 2 in. You have seen the pix so you know they are gorgeous rooms. I feel sorry for anyone that may sleep on the couch b/c the a/c blows like crazy on them. We had a Princess Suite with a strip view room 1504. My in-laws were right down the hallway in a solitaire suite with strip view 1506 also a very nice room but our view was better as we were on the side of the building that faced the strip and they faced the new Wynn tower construction. Yes there was ambulance/fire engine noise but on our side of the building not bad at all but I could see if you were on the back side it could be bad. Taxis/Bell desk-Jimmy and Jeff are the only good employees as far as in front of the hotel. These two were always upbeat and very helpful as for the rest they need to fire or retrain on customer service. Because this hotel is not on the strip we had to wait for a taxi at least 5 min's only once for 10 min's. 3 times they let us take the complimentary (still tipped $5) Escalade but only when Jimmy was working the others are useless. My inlaws rented a car so usually it was only a couple minute wait for that.Front desk-Ck in was quick no line on a Thursday and our room was clean and cool. In laws checked in on a Friday again no line and room was ready to go.Pool-Love the pool but it's small with a small bar. The waitress was super friendly. They did play annoying generic music with no words the entire time but it was easy to tune out.Food-Never ate there. When I am in Vegas I go to my favorites and for me that is the Grande Luxe Cafe at the Venetian ate there every day.	
Jul 29 2007 	A Jewel-But Beware	Beware of the following:1. Pool and other common areas often close early for Platinum's promotional parties - guests are not notified of closures. Extremely problematic as Platinum is not designed for such gatherings: insufficient parking, elevators and parking spaces.2. Housekeeping shows up only sporadically. Be vigilant.3. Platinum's web page may not agree to your actual reservation. If you request a King room their records may show Queen. Make your reservation online, then call to verify accuracy.This is a fantastic property - a diamond in the rough, but beware of the above items. An absolute bargain and the rates are sure to skyrocket.1. We stayed 5 nights and the pool was closed three times without notifying guests. On our last night, they held a promo party for 300 people causing all kinds of problems: jammed lobby, 45 minute elevator waits and 1 hour valet delays. Guests were very upset. This hotel is simply not designed for such events. We have never experienced such closures or debacles at ANY hotel - ever.2. With their housekeeping, you never know if they are going to show up or do anything when they do show. We called and requested housekeeping several times to no avail. I recall they showed up one time in 5 days. Fortunately, we really do not need daily cleanings.3. When you request a particular type of room from Platinum's web page, there is absolutely no guarantee you have actually reserved or will receive such a room. When we reserved a King Room I noticed the confirm was lacking details, so I called the facility to confirm. Their records reflected a Queen Room and we were told they were sold out of King Rooms. Perplexed, I went online again and booked another King Room for exactly the same dates (the rate ended up lower!). Again, I called the Platinum and got exactly the same information/story: Queen reserved and King sold out. I explained what I had just done and they checked their web page, contacted upper management, etc. and we were able to get what we actually requested. Quite a fiasco and hassle. It is possible this problem has been corrected, but based on our experience with the Platinum, I doubt it!We loved the property, location and rate, but found the hotel to be a victim of incompetent management. Hopefully, they will address these problems. This hotel was perfect for our family of four, so good we would stay there again, if management will guarantee our room type and assure there will be housekeeping and confirm no promo parties during our stay.	
Jul 27 2007 	Best Place We Ever Stayed	Our family recently had a wonderful experience staying at the Platinum Hotel in Las Vegas. We arrived with reservations at another hotel, only to find the accomodations there to be terrible. I called the Platinum Hotel and explained our situation. The very helpful reservations clerk immediately found us a room, and we were able to go right over. The condo-like room was extremely nice with many ammenities. The staff was friendly, professional and helpful. We especially appreciated the parking staff who quickly brought our car for our many in and out trips. A great place to stay just off the Strlp in a tasteful, non-gaming atmosphere. Wonderful pool and fitness room. Family friendly.We would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 23 2007	Excellent family hotel in Las Vegas	My family of four, husband and 2 kids ages 8 and 5 stayed here during April when we visited Las Vegas to see Celine Dion concert. It was a perfect location, close to the strip but away from the glitz of the strip. We stayed in a one bedroom suite with a full kitchen which was great, An added plus was that limited room service was available if you didn't feel like cooking. Only downside was that the hotel restaurant's menu wasn't really suitable for kids. The 40&quot; plasma tv in the family room was great for the kids and the kids loved the indoor/outdoor pool!Osbornes, Nassau Bahamas	
Jul 22 2007 	Great Alternative the Usual Vegas Scene	We found this hotel thru UnitedVacations.com. It was awesome; it is relaxing, quiet, and is a totally smoke-free facility! We enjoyed the pool, the room itself, and the restaurant is delicious for both breakfast and dinner. The restaurant is best if you're not in a hurry, though. The Platinum is only a few blocks from &quot;the strip&quot;, so this area is still accessible by those willing to walk or wait for a taxi. Most of the staff is very accommodating; the concierge is a little young/&quot;green&quot; with meeting diverse travelers' needs. She recommended Ellis Island for dinner one night...what an awful, seedy dive! And, an hour and a half wait for food there! She did help with reservations at places, though. She also tended to misjudge how far something was to walk to at times...	
Jul 22 2007 	Great Hotel	We had a great stay at the Platinum. Great rooms with bathtubs big enough for two and great kitchen. Beautiful view of the strip from our room. Pool was nice with bar and extra cushy lounge chairs. Free valet, no time at all to get your car. Customer service was great, everyone we encountered was friendly and helpful. Although not on the strip it was very easy to get the car and go, you could walk but it was 100+ degrees when we were there so we didn't. A nice change of pace from the hustle and bustle of the casinos and you didn't have to walk 20 minutes to get to your room. Overall, a wonderful experience.	
Jul 21 2007	Fantastic...................!!!!!!! Loved every second....................	Its one the the absolute best places we have ever stayed in. The service is wonderful, rooms are tremendous, and so relaxing..........Set one block off the strip, its right behind Ballys, far enough from the noise, but close enough for walking to the strip.If you want to have somewhere to be pampered, relax, and unwind, then this is it.They have an inhouse Spa, fitness centre, and outdoor pool on the 5th floor!Having a full kitchen is great for those days you just want to stay in.Only drawback is the aircondtioning units are a bit noisy, so if you need absolute quietness to sleep, bring earplugs.I definalty will be going back............	
Jul 20 2007 	Platinum Experience	I stayed at the Platinum hotel for three nights in July 07. The rooms are so large that I could only call them apartments. And they are decorated beautifully in soothing colors. The Platinum hotel room was quite possibly the cleanest hotel room I have ever stayed in. No visible wear on the furnishings or carpet, everything immaculate. The double size jetted tub was wonderful after a long day of casino hopping. Service at this hotel was very efficient and friendly, room service was very good.The pool area was on the smaller side for a vegas hotel, but nice. The hotel was very quiet, even with some families staying on the same floor, I never heard them. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone that does not need to stay right on the strip, the rooms are so nice you almost don't want to go out!	
Jul 19 2007 	Beautiful property spotty service.	We stayed for 4 nights mid-week in a 1-br strip-view room. The location is fine as we are spry, but I can see how this might be an issue for some. The room was beyond gorgeous and I have NO complaint about the quality of the furnishings, linens, tub or any of that. On our first night, the AC was out and it was 113 F outside. I had to call 4 times over the course of 4 hours before anyone finally came. He reset the system and then the next afternoon, the same thing happened. Again, we had quite a wait while they came to look at it. They offered to move us, but I had already unpacked and filled the frig with food, so I just didn't want the hassle. The second repairman said there was a problem on the roof, and he must have fixed it because it worked from then on.I had to call and ask for housekeeping every single day. I really don't expect to have to do this, even at a cheap hotel, but I didn't see anyone even in the halls and we were in and out throughout the day. After the second day, they stopped delivering the USAToday on our floor (I still saw it on 4)The gym was very nice and well equipped. The pool was nice, never crowded, great loungers. The only down-side was the evening pool-parties that lasted until 11:00 pm. Even though I wasn't asleep, their music choices were not of my taste and I really didn't want to have to listen for several hours. Besides, there was almost no one in attendance.The spa was nice, the Deep Tissue Massage was DEEP (as requested) and the steam room was some much needed moisture in the desert! The prices were ridiculous, but so are all the other spas in Vegas.I liked not being in a casino and not having any smoking on site.Overall, I'd stay here again, even with the minor problems.	
Jul 17 2007 	Officially on the Radar Screen	Well, it looks like the days of this property being off the general public's radar screen are over. Now that Norm has mentioned in his column that the LA Lakers and 3rd Eye Blind are spending time here, I have to believe the days of rates being so much below market norms for this type of property are soon to be over. Well, it was good while it lasted. Here is the link to the artilce I am referring to: (--) .....I will keep an eye on rates at this place and surely stay here again if they dont go up too much, but if they hit Bellagio rates (which I fear they will), I need to start searching for the next hidden gem in LV.	
Jul 11 2007 	Excellent Spacious Suites	We decided to book the Platinum for 2 nights after reading favourable reviews on here and seeing the wonderfully large rooms in the reviewers photos.On our arrival we were not disappointed. The room comprised of a main living area with wide screen plasma, a very new kitchen area with all the amenities you could possible wish for. A large bedroom and bathroom with hot tub and shower. The pool area was a little small but ample for those sun seekers out there.My husband and I could not understand why people were complaining on here about the location!! Yes it's not on the strip but is only a 10 minute walk to the strip and then you are directly in front of the Bellagio at the intersection where all the action happens. From that point on you can catch the monorail or leisurely stroll through countless air conditioned hotels/casino's until you get to your destination.We thought The Platinum was excellent value for money and so much more space for what you would otherwise get on the strip.We also found the service to be great as they drove us on to our next hotel and some guests to the airport.	
Jul 11 2007 	Customer Service! Wow!	Best customer service we've had in Las Vegas! The staff and mgmt at the Platinum Hotel and Spa know what Customer Service is and are clearly dedicated to it. I can't tell you how much I appreciate that! Add to that the reasonable pricing, excellent location near the strip, smoke-free, quiet environment, and you've got a 5star destination.	
Jul 8 2007 	Many Pros Some cons	I booked this hotel for three day stay based on reviews I read here: I wanted a quiet place that wasn't noisy or smoky after spending hours on the strip (I've been to Vegas several times- life before children, life with children, life after children gew up). What I liked: The hotel was quiet and free from smoke, as advertised. Every hotel person I encountered was very warm and friendly. The room was clean and recleaned daily.The hotel had upgraded my room to a view of the strip on the 14th floor- best view I've ever had in LV! I highly recommend the 14th floor with view. My husband and I sat on our balcony and enjoyed the spectacular vista of color and lights. The apartment itself was beautiful and very roomy. I liked having a kictchen and not having to leave in the morning to find breakfast. My husband and I had a couple's spa treatment that included a mud/steam application. That was the highlight of our stay- our masseurs were excellent and the atmosphere was very, very relaxing.Another plus was that several recommended restaurants (east of strip)were a short driving distance from the Platinum, including Paymon's Mediterranean. The food was just as fantastic and way less expensive than any of the meals we had on the strip. The Atomic Testing Museum is also a short drive from the hotel and worth a visit.Another plus- even though it was very hot, the walk to the edge of Ballys is short. As others have stated, you can walk through the casino to get to the monorail or to the escalators over to Bellagio, Caesar's etc. We walked to the Mirage in 106 degree heat to see Love and found it very doable.What I didn't like: I arrived a day early to gamble (husband doesn't like to gamble) by myself and found that being two long blocks off the strip was not safe at night. The strip itself felt very safe but right off the strip I observed quite a few unsavory looking people who made me nervous enough to grab a cab at Ballys. Another con is that if you rent a car (a must if you're going to get groceries or avoid walking to the casinos) the parkingt is valet only--meaning each time you use your car, you'll need to tip the nice valet men. My husband was less impressed with the wake up service. The first morning the desk called us a full 30 minutes late. The second time the desk called a full 10 minuites late. Our back-up system, the in-room alarm clock, did not work.Overall, I would come back to the Platinum, particularly if I broughyt my own alarm clock and were travelling with someone else.	
Jul 7 2007 	Already planning my next trip to the Platinum	I enjoy the gambling environment of Las Vegas but have always disliked the smoke filled casino/hotels. My family and I just got back from the Platinum after spending the 4th of July in Vegas and we just loved it. The location is wonderful. Closest walking distance to the main strip is to Bally's where you can jump on the new monorail. My husband loved the huge soaker tub. I liked the convenience of being in a condo with full kitchen and clean, clean, clean!! Nice size room and the entire hotel smells good! We also loved the pool area. Very relaxing without alot of craziness. Can't wait to go back! I also liked that they will fine a guest if they catch them smoking in their room. Yeah!!	
Jul 5 2007 	great value	This hotel is really very nice, especially considering the bargain prices. I think we paid 130/night for a suite bigger than our apartment in NYC! It was super comfortable, with nice linens, spacious bathroom, whirly tub, balcony, two big tvs, full kitchen, etc. There were a few minor problems (tv remote wasn't working, shower flooded the bathroom, and the room service was slow with disappointing food), however, considering it seemed like a newish place maybe they are working out the kinks. Overall, the room was so nice I felt pretty forgiving of the other things. It is a little off the strip and for people who aren't into walking anywhere, that mightbe a pain. Also, there is no casino, which means its a bit on the quiet side. I didn't go to the pool, spa, or lounge, so can't speak to those amenities.	
Jul 2 2007 	Girls perfect getaway	This trip was for jsut the girls, one celebrating their 21st birthday.What can I say.... The room was just absolutley beautiful and the accomendations superb!! We decided to go out rather late and we were given a complimentary ride to our destination. The Valet guys were great and very Friendly. The only thing we had a problem with was the air conditoner, seemed to turn off by itself, but once it was working it was great.Our view was ok, I would have preferred a strip view opposed to a side view. The pool was nice!Overall , us girls are planning to stay here again, and I WILL DEFINITELY TELL MY FAMILY &amp; FRIENDS!!	
Jul 1 2007 	a nice apartment	i didnt realize youre basically getting an apartment, not a hotel room. i was so happy when i saw what i got for 100 a night!! i know i got a great deal, it's usually much more. full kitchen with anything u need, washer/dryer, great tv, great view, great bathroom, great bed, two tvs, awesome!! the room service is above average and it's reasonably priced compared to room service most places. i also love that valet is so much better than the strip. i didnt have to wait more than 2 minutes for my car. in the strip hotels, it can take 20 minutes a lot of the time. it's also nice to be able to walk in and be in your room in a couple of minutes. in strip hotels, you usually have to walk 10 minutes to your room. i do have one complaint and it's not a small one. the lack of hot water in the shower. it's warm, not hot, making showers not so pleasant. that said, i was very happy with my stay. i'm just sad because i know next time i travel to vegas, i know i wont be able to find such a good deal.	
Jun 28 2007 	Great Hotel	My wife ang I stayed at Platinum for our Birthdays in April. We booked it based on the good reviews at this site and were not disappointed. We arrived early (about 9:00am) I thought we would need to check our bags in and come back later to check in. We were lucky and they had a room available. What was impressive was the next day the front desk clerk recalled that we had checked in early and asked if everything was alright. This hotel is much smaller than the ones on the strip and I think has better service. My wife used the spa and it was a great time. The pool area has a great view of the strip from the 5th fool or so, and they will make and serve drinks if you please. It is about a 10-15 min walk to get to the strip (Paris and Bally's) but it was not at all bad for us. In fact I think it takes longer to get to the strip from some of the big hotels (just to get down the elevator and throught the casino). We liked that there was no casino and no smoking, It created a real nice relaxing time when we retured from the strip.Overall I would book this hotel again as I did not mind the walk and I liked having a bigger room to return too. It was about twice the size of a normal hotel room. I also really liked that the service was much more personal.	
Jun 19 2007 	Great Place to Stay	Everything about our stay here was excellent; from the friendliness of the registration staff, reception and the valet staff. However, the service from the concierge staff was exceptional. The room was clean, great views and the Jacuzzi tub in the bathroom was spectacular. We will defiantly stay again!	
Jun 5 2007 	Verrry nice!	We spent 4 nights here at the end of May in a Solitaire Suite on the 17th floor, having just spent the previous 4 at the Bellagio. This suite was lovely - with granite countertops in the kitchen, a large granite shower, a true double-sized jacuzzi tub, and double sinks in the bathroom. Two televisions, a balcony with table and chairs, plush bathrobes, and service prompt, friendly and polite. The pool was clean, with thickly padded chaise lounges and a pool bar. Valet parking was no problem at all, and really quicker and more convenient than the miles-long (felt like it) hike to self parking at all of the casino hotels. If it hadn't been 102-103 degrees out, the walk to Bally's would have meant no need for a car at all. We will definitely choose this place the next trip to Las Vegas - and will recommend it to friends.	
Jun 4 2007 	Non-gaming business travel alternative	Stayed at hotel for business meeting, May 2007.Pros:-VERY large rooms with flat screen TVs, huge bathtub, kitchenette, living room.-New, clean, elegant furnishings-NIce pool-Non-gaming hotel which is a plus when traveling on businessCons:-Front desk staff: Lots of attitude, discourteous, not helpful and more interested in re-capping their weekends with each other than helping guests-Rooms not very soundproofed: can hear much of noise in hallway, construction across the street, and doorman's cab whistles.-Disorganized: still a new hotel, but could significantly improve logistics, most guest rooms were not ready on time, maid service is slow, staffing is a bit patchy.	
Jun 4 2007 	Nice Place - Worth the money	Was in Arizona for seesighting so only had one day in Vegas before I flew out. Property is brand new, rooms are huge (bigger than the rooms when I was in Dubai), the kitchen was nice (full size GE double door refrigerator), nice flat screen and the bathroom had separate tub/shower. No casino in hotel. The gym is ok - better than average.The hotel is about 1 block off the strip but remember the blocks are huge - just walk about 5 min and head into Bally's. If you are in a group all dressed up for the night, I recommend a cab. If you must be on the strip, I dont recommend, but if you want something new, nice, not pricey, I would recommend the platinum.	
Jun 3 2007 	Huge suites for a great price	How about spending your Las Vegas stay in a $500,000 condo? That's what you get at the Platinum (the units are for sale.) The spacious 1,000 SF suite I stayed in was well-appointed, attractive and comfortable for an amazing $159 a night. A few standouts were the 2-person jacuzzi tub and the crisp HD picture on the plasma tv (unlike the plasmas at the Hard Rock, where I had a snowy picture on two separate stays.) The public areas are modern and cool, and the staff was friendly. I travel to Las Vegas frequently on business, and I don't care that much about staying in noisy gaming hotel. It's only a $6 cab ride to any of the casinos on the strip. It was great to be able to spread out in a condo. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.Now, about the restaurant. It is a wonderful restaurant...if you aren't too hungry. My coworker and I had spent a long day at a trade show and were famished. She ordered a salad ($8) and an appetizer-portion of bass w/ artichoke, butternut squash, and Shitake mushrooms ($20). I ordered the entree size bass ($32). Her beautifully presented salad was about 6&quot; long and 3&quot; across, with two quarter-sized dollops of puree of something. The busboy came by and doled out a small ciabatta roll to each of us. When the wait for the fish stratched to 30 minutes, he took mercy on me and granted me another roll. I ate half, because I didn't want to fill up on bread. Then our food came out, and our waiter, placing the plates in front of us with a flourish, said, &quot;Here is your PETITE bass, and here is your ENTREE bass.&quot; I looked at my fish, and I looked at her fish, and to the naked eye, they appeared to be exactly the same size. &quot;Sir,&quot; I asked, &quot;Is this the entree-sized bass?&quot; &quot;Yes,&quot; he answered confidently,&quot; Your piece is larger and fattier.&quot; Fattier? I looked at the plates again and saw two identical 2 1/2&quot; X 2 1/2&quot; pieces of fish. I was too tired to argue the point, so I just ate the fish, the few tablespoons of squash, and the 3 slices of Shitake mushroom. (The artichoke, if present, was invisible.) It was delicious. Unfortunately, after the 3 minutes it took to eat it, I was still hungry. Luckily, I had snacks in the kitchen in my room.I had a similar experience at one of the Wynn restaurants, so small portions may be a trend at the better Las Vegas eateries. Don't let it put you off the Platinum, though. There are lots of great places to eat in town. I recommend Simon in the Hard Rock: worth going to for their bread basket alone - and they leave it on the table!	
May 30 2007 	Perfect Perfect Perfect	After reading all of the glowing reviews here on Tripadvisor.com my friend and I decided to book a stay at the Platinum in April. And, boy are we glad we did. The accommodations were excellent and the service wonderful. We arrived earlier than the designated check-in time and the bellman quickly offered to hold our bags for us. Since it was a beautiful day, we decided to change into our swimsuits, which we had packed in a separate bag, and enjoy the pool. There is a nice changing area inside near the indoor pool. We basked in the sun for a while and had drinks by the pool. The drinks by the pool were reasonably priced. I soon went downstairs to formally check in and was issued the keys. We were one floor from the top facing the strip. What a gorgeous view at night! The room itself was huge. We had a one bedroom with two queen sized-beds...although they may have been kings, don't quite remember. Beautiful furnishings, all very modern. The kitchen was very clean and fairly well-equipped. We had stocked up on food and drink so we didn't have to continue buying drinks from the pool bar. At check in we were also given free drink coupons to be used in the downstairs bar &quot;Stir&quot; which we never did end up using. Anyway, the room was awesome, a large plasma TV in the living room and gas fireplace (or electric, not quite sure...but a nice touch) large TV in bedroom, the bathroom was spotless, had a jacuzzi tub and granite counters and was big enough for us three girls to run around and get ready without bumping into one another. The LR also had a pullout couch which, according to my friend, was quite comfy. The sofa bed was not made up when we got there and we could not locate any sheets but we called downstairs and they were quickly brought up. My photos really do this place justice, it really was just perfect...and so was the price. In fact, we were only planning to stay one night on the strip, but ended up getting a great deal on a 2nd night. In addition, we were either a 5-7 minute walk from the strip or we took taxis at night because it was quite chilly and very windy both days we were there. The only thing I would suggest is that you are prepared to wait for a taxi at the hotel. Their way of getting cabbies attention is quite interesting but we had to wait about 10 minutes one night because, try as they might, they couldn't get a taxi to come into the hotel. We were told that since the Hotel is rather new, the cabbies don’t really know it’s there yet. The only reason it was a bit of a problem was because we were running late for a show and were actually about 10 minutes late. Check out was easy and quick as was the check in. Love this place...and I'm sure you won't be disappointed.	
May 29 2007 	A 10 out of 10	Great hotel, will definitely stay here again. Huge room, beatiful batrooms, great pool, love the flat screen tv. Everything about the hotel is top notch.	
May 25 2007 	Platinum gets a gold star!	We stayed at the platinum may 19-22. check in was smooth, no line and we got a comp upgrade to a mountain view princess suite at 11 am. the suite was spotless, huge and had all the amenities. the beds were lush with downy soft white linens and pillows of varying firmness! The AC was quick to cool the room and we didn't have the issue of it blowing on the bed. housekeeping arrived promptly with extra tea towels, laundry soap and dryer sheets. room was only cleaned once per our instructions and they did a great job, even doing our dishes! the valet parking was very prompt and courteous. we didn't eat or drink anything there so can't comment on that. i didn't find the walk to the strip that arduous. if you get too hot, you can cut through bally's and cool off. the pool was one of the best things about the hotel in my opinion. it was small and intimate and had plush loungers. i particularly liked the big round cabana chairs with tons of cushions. i curled up there one morning and read for a bit. lovely. the water was refreshingly cool and there is a small jacuzzi. overall, i would recommend this hotel. the only real drawback is the location. TIP: if you have a car, like we did, you can valet park and just take Koval up the back way and valet park at any of the big hotels instead of wasting time stuck in traffic on the strip.	
May 23 2007	Great hotel decent location	I just returned from 5 nights at the Platinum, having chosen the hotel by reading reviews of hotels on this site. The first thing I want to point out is that while this hotel is &quot;only&quot; two blocks from the Strip, those are two very long blocks in the desert heat. We discovered a convenient indoor route--walk in thru the back entrance of Bally's (next to the employment center, under the monorail) and you can walk indoors up to the Strip or right into Paris. Once you get to the Strip, you're at the heart of things (much closer to many of the casinos like Paris or Caesar's than if you stay at either end of the Strip). Our room was fantastic--having the kitchen saved us a lot of money on breakfasts and lunches (although there is not a grocery in walkingdistance, so bringing food is best). The view was ok, not great, since we were on a low floor. They came and did our dishes and cleaned things up daily, which was really nice. If you're on a budget, don't plan on eating at the hotel--the restaurant/room service is very pricey.The pool was wonderful--refreshingly cool with comfy, cushioned chairs in sun and shade. It was never crowded, even on the weekend.The service was excellent and friendly.Overall, I think this place is a great value for the money and I'd stay there again.	
May 22 2007 	Will Be Coming Back	I absolutely loved this hotel. Was a little worried due to some previous guest concerns but was extremely pleased by what I actually found. Stayed Friday night, May 18 in the Solitaire suite... no check-in line at 6pm. Got the Strip view upgrade. We walked in and were stunned by how big it was - expected more of a Flamingo-sized room (ie, big enough but not extravagant). The suite was very well decorated - felt right at home. Well lit. Great a/c system, though yes, in the king suite the vent will blow on the bed... but we like it chilly). Bathroom was quite nice, loved the jacuzzi, beds very comfy. Loved the view from the balcony; we were on the 10th floor looking down the street towards Bally's and Flamingo. Ordered late night room service and was pleased, though I did think $40 for two 12&quot; pizzas was a little extreme the next am... then again, I was fairly tipsy when I ordered... :)Ate at the Resturaunt Saturday am - great food! On the expensive side compared to home, but hey, it's Vegas. Had a couples spa treatment Saturday am. Ladies, my guy traditionally is not a spa-goer, will get a massage every now and then... but even he was impressed by the facility! It's dimly lit with browns and blues color scheme. Ladies room was very nice - personal locks, full assortment of toiletries, water and towels everywhere. Very helpful staff! The Rejoice package was GREAT: it's a DIY scrub (we had kiwi-coconut) and mud application - had a blast &quot;painting&quot; each other with mud. You're in your own room with massage tables and a seperate shower and sauna area - after we were done scrubbing and painting, we sat in the sauna, then showered off. To finish, we had a 50 min massage... best massage I've ever had and that's saying something! Very pleased by the whole session :) I would recommend checking in with the front desk early and confirming each portion of your treatment - somehow it wasn't communicated to the therapist that I preferred a deep-tissue massage, but it was a very very minor thing and easily rectified :)Pool area is a bit small but we went out around noon - 2pm and there were still plenty of chaise lounges and we were able to snag a couples lounger (big mattress thing). Seemed like the service was very attentive (we didn't want anything); the waitress was busy rushing around :)I don't recommend Vegas for families with kids under the gambling age, but if you have to bring them along, this would be a good place to do so - suites are quite large, easy walk to the Strip, heck, make your own meals to save $$. Would also be a great place for groups - we saw several bachelorette and bachelor party groups there.Thoroughly enjoyed the stay - have been recommending it to all my friends. We even got to speak with the manager during breakfast - he made sure we were having a good stay and was very keen on making sure any problems were rectified... I'd speak with the managerial staff vs front desk staff if you have any problems.	
May 19 2007 	The Platinum is fabulous	This place was great. All rooms are close to brand new suites with full kitchens, living room, bedrooms and luxury baths. We stayed in the Solitare Suite which was very spacious and comfortable (900 sf). The entire suite was great and the bed was very comfortable. The only drawback would be it is a ten minute walk to the strip or $7-$8 cab ride. If you are willing to walk th extra few minutes, this place is worth it. The pool was very nice and not crowded at all, the spa was very easy to book and the concierge was very helpful.	
May 14 2007 	horrible online reservation system	The online reservation system will charge your credit card BEFORE you hit the final submit button! This happened to me, and I know for a fact I did not hit the final submit button, I hit &quot;return to rates&quot;. I only wanted to know the final price after taxes&amp;fees. But even when I didn't hit the final submit button, i received an email TWO HOURS later with the charge. I called them and a couple hours later they agreed to refund my money. They said that people have had this issue before, but no one has fixed the problem! It is ridiculous that I would be charged as I never even submitted the final booking. I don't know how good the place is itself, but for a system like this, beware and only go to the 2nd to last step if you're already planning to reserve a room!	
May 13 2007 	We had a flawless stay	We stayed for 4 evenings this past week and did not experience any of the problems as the last reviewer.Our room was the next to last room on our floor and it was only a short walk from the elevator (this is a very small hotel compared to mega hotels in Vegas).When I checked in there was no line. The valet staff brought my bags to my room, turned on the lights and took time to point out all the features of the room and where all the utensils were located in the kitchen. There was also laundry soap and dryer sheets provided for the washer and dryer.Our key worked fine for our entire stay. We liked our room and it did not seem like an 80's design at all but was very refreshing and neutral. One reviewer commented on having a shower curtain. Our shower had a very nice glass door (although water did seem to leak on the floor)Our room was directly over the pool and it was never crowded. The staff was out early each morning cleaning the pool and ensuring that there were always fresh towels for each lounge chair.There may have been a few minor flaws with this hotel but is it really possible for a hotel to be perfect? Can a hotel please 100 percent people all the time? I thought that the platinum soared above the other 5,000 plus room hotels. I would much rather stay in a smaller hotel that is not full of smoke and noisy casinos.Our room was so quiet. I could not even hear street noise from our room.I was very pleased with the hotel and the staff and would recommend this hotel for anyone wanting a quiet room with more space. I will stay there again.	
May 13 2007 	Loved going Platinum!	First let me say that I had &quot;obsessive compulsive disorder&quot; when choosing a room for my recent trip to Vegas. I checked out all the reviews online and found the new Platinum Hotel rated as one of the best on trip advisor. I felt that this hotel was best because I was traveling with my husband and 3 year old son and wanted more space than a standard room. I also liked that the hotel was not located right on the strip and was smaller than the mega hotels on the strip. I paid for a &quot;limited view&quot; princess room and was upgraded to a &quot;strip view&quot; upon check-in. I requested an upper level room to be removed from the street noise and was very pleased with our room on the 15th floor. Everything is new and the room cost less than a standard room at the larger hotels. I liked all the extra large towels and luxury robes provided in the closet. The hotel staff was also very accomadating. We had a rental car and utilized the valet parking frequently. They were always so fast and friendly. They always asked if I needed directions which was very helpful for finding a grocery store and carwash. For those without vehicles, there was always a cab or a shuttle available. A city bus stop is also located right in front of the hotel (east and west). We walked to the strip on several occasions and it really was just a short distance away. When I did not feel like walking, I just drove to each hotel and utilized the free valet parking (and just tipped the valet staff). If you want your room &quot;refreshed&quot; daily than you must put up your refresh sign on your door otherwise you will be overlooked. It also costs $12.99 a day for internet. I will definately book a room again at the Platinum Hotel.	
May 12 2007 	Platinum Better Than Expected	Decided to try The Platinum for a change from casinos. A new place. I read other reviews, some less favorable, but must say that our experience was very good and better than expected.I reserved a basic room on lower floors but was given a room on top floor with a good view of the strip. Checking in was a breeze compared to the chaos at most casinos. Basic room with living room was large and a better deal at lower price than just a bed and bath at most casinos. Hotel is a block back from the heart of the strip. Didn't eat at the restaurant but had room service every morning. Just as good as any casino room service. Used the spa. Again, just about as good as any casino we've been to. A little less elegant perhaps but for the price and service it was very good.Gym was well equipped. Used it every morning. Service was good and friendly. Seems there are new staff that need breaking in but looks like they are trying to do their best.Got a discount for next stay.You should think seriously about this place as an alternative to casinos.	
May 12 2007 	great hotel for non casino goers!	we really liked this hotel, just off the strip from ballys to be able to walk there if necessary - about 10 minutes. there really is very little in the hotel itself, its more of a condo style hotel which we liked, and cost wise compared to the casinos the quality was great. please note this is a NON SMOKING hotel, so no cigarettes on the balcony. we found the staff to be great, no real problems with taxis. only complaint was that the restaurant was quite fancy for breakfast - ie, designer breakfasts as appose to egg and beans! the pool was great, although a bit dirty at times! we also liked the convenience stores outfront. We had a mountain view room and we thought it great, better than the strip view! all in all we would highly reccomend this, (lots of young plastic enhanced LA'ers at the weekend though!)	
May 11 2007 	crappy service/design...	I'm pretty low maintenance in the terms of hotels. as long as their clean and the service is nice I'm happy. but the Platinum was just repeatedly awful... and they've been open now for 7 months so the kinks really should be worked out by now:1. design wise... from the elevators, my room was the VERY last room around three corners and down a long hallway. normally not a big deal but it was literally about a 5 minute walk from the elevator (which is literally behind my suite! should be a loop!). 2. NO full length mirrors... not anywhere in the room. not in the entrance/hallways/next to elevator. i literally had to stand on a chair to make sure my shoes/pants were ok. could have fallen and hurt mysefl bc of this dumb design decision.3. long lines at check in... we checked in around 10pm and there were tons of people waiting and only one person at the desk. took about 35-40 minutes.4. this one is minor but still should be addressed. when I checked in at night at 10pm... every one of the three switches I hit when I walked into my room, didn't work... i had to go to the nightstand or wherever the lamp was (sometimes I never found the lamp it was connected to!) in the dark and hit the switch on... only to find out that i had switched the switch off. is it that difficult for housekeeping to make sure lights are on so the switches work when you first come in to your room? and even if its not, can't they just have at least one light on when you walk into a room?!? 5. bad eighties weird design. brand new hotel but everthing was so badly designed it was unbelievable that people actually chose this stuff in the current DECADE!6. my keycard stopped working mid-stay. annoying enough as it is but here i was in my high-heels/sore feet... locked out of my room that was miles from the elevator so I called downstairs from my cell. they sent up security who told me I needed to trek all the way downstairs to show my id and get a new key from the front desk. despite the fact that I was holding my key + key case w room number and had ID to prove it was my room. after staying at a hotel last week and being locked out bc I stupidly left my key in the room that time, even they were able to come up and let me in since I had ID... and that was my fault! I couldn't have been more annoyed at 1am. i can't wait to check out tomorrow morning!!	
May 7 2007 	Room nice service ok	we stayed at this hotel for four days . the room was very nice with a full kitchen , large bathroom . I was a little suprised that the cleaning of this hotel is already suffering. They need to learn how the vacuum.We stayed on the second floor and when we exited the elevator there was a terrible smell . I aslo noticed that in front of our room door seemded to be the dumping area for the old room service trays. i said something to the front deck but it didnt stop. I also must say for a quality hotel there was a shower curtain in the shower. A bit tacky and the water gets all over the floor in the bathroom . Over all i would stay again at a discounted rate. BUT if the Signature is around the same price i'd rather stay there.	
May 5 2007 	very nice	We stayed for 3 nights at the Platinum. As previously mentioned the rooms are large and well appointed. It was great to have a balcony and turn off the AC. Beds very comfortable. Rooms cleaned and stocked well. Best deal close to the strip on a suite. Staff: Very helpful however did not know a lot about the hotel or services however they would check and find the answer asap. Room service menus not available, spa out of gift certificates however the staff quickly worked it out. i think this is the kinks of a new hotel.Taxi very quick, no line ups. Conceirge effecient with booking.SPA: well two words loved it. Had six treatments in 3 days and wonderful, relaxing. Steam room door kept opening but on our last day they were replacing it. Used a mothers day promo 2 for 1 so really great deal!!! Staff helpful and flexible with arranging times ect.Pool: Small, on Saturday we peeked in and it looked like 24 and under party. Fun but not for us. Very crowded. By Sunday we were two of six at the pool. Very quiet and nice. There are not a lot of umbrellas however there were no crowds so no porblem. Drink and food service by the pool was good.Food: menu sounds great however lacks in taste. We ordered 4 times lunch or breakfast and always average. If you ordered basic food i.e. hamburger or sandwich it was good. i ordered a pasta dish and it was greasy and of average quality. i would not attempt dinner there based on the taste and the fact there are so many great spots in Vegas.Walk and area: Well it really takes about 6 minutes to walk into Balleys food area and another 4 to the casino. Not difficult, the longest part is waiting for the light to turn. We did not feel unsafe and walked home at night. This being said any side streets in a city late at night you should cab, its not like walking on the strip. I had no porblem with the location. To the strip 10 minutes max.We enjoyed this hotel and actuallly relaxed in Vegas. We like gambling and usually that is all we do. i would recommend this hotel to anyone particulary those who want to get away from the action and the smoke. I would stay here again, particulary if the spa continues with great deals!!We spent a prearranged last 2 nights at Caesars and i liked the platinum better. Only disadvantage is you cannot walk from your room right to the action, you have to plan and leave the hotel. Very nice find.	
May 3 2007 	Great Hotel	This was our first time staying in Vegas off ‘the strip’ and it was a great experience. We stayed for 5 nights for a convention and leisure.  As previous reviews mentioned, outstanding rooms. Bathroom and bedroom are very large. Well equipped kitchen and nice sitting area with a large TV. The room had a washer/dryer and a ‘fake’ electric/light fireplace under the TV which didn’t add any heat to the room but added a nice ambiance if you desired. The balcony was nice with room to sit and enjoy the view. The free Valet Parking was very nice, especially considering I didn’t see any self park options. Just a way to control their parking lot I presume. The Valet staff was very courteous and efficient as was the Front desk. They were also able to arrange taxi transportation whenever we needed with a very short wait (5-7 minutes). The only exception to that was around 5pm one night when traffic was at a standstill in the street next to the hotel. The staff called 2 taxi companies to try and get us a cab which took them about 30 minutes. Can’t blame the staff, taxi couldn’t get to us very quickly. In fact our driver cut through 3 parking lots to get us out of the traffic problem and to our destination. The hotel restaurant was extremely overpriced with very slow service in the morning which made that our only trip to the restaurant. We had better service in the lounge by the lobby while waiting for friends. The pool area looked very nice although we were unable to swim as they pool closed early in the evening while we were there. We were comfortable walking to and from our hotel to the Monorail station or Strip (about 12 min walk) and even walked back from the Sands Convention Center.  Overall this hotel was an excellent value (we stayed for apprx $140 a night with an Expedia promotion that included Free Internet and 20% discount coupons at the restaurant and Spa.) and we would return without hesitation.	
May 1 2007	Great rooms mediocre service	First of all, as stated by previous reviewers, the suites at this hotel are REALLY nice - beautiful kitchen, great roomy bathroom with whirlpool bath, balcony with table and chairs - we were really wowed when we walked in. I also had one of the best massages I have ever had at the spa (the spa doesn't look like much when you walk in but I highly recommend it - it just opened in Dec apparently). We also really enjoyed the fact that the hotel was no smoking and gaming - really nice.Despite all the positives, though, we also had some problems. Upon arrival at around 3 pm, we were told by the front desk staff that the hotel did not have any of the type of rooms available that we had reserved at that point (they were not clean) but that for an additional charge, we could get an upgraded room - we explained that we had reserved an upgraded room and therefore should not have to pay a fee. We went back and forth (the hotel insisted that the travel agent had reserved a regular room for us despite what we had requested of the travel agent) and we finally just decided to pay the fee so we could get our room. Whether it was the travel agent or the hotel that made the error, I really cannot understand why a hotel would charge a fee to upgrade a client when those are the only rooms available at check in - usually we get upgrades without even asking and are certainly not charged a fee! It just left a bad taste in our mouth from the beginning. Then, in the middle of that first night, we both woke up to loud noises from the air conditioning unit, so loud infact that we ended up sleeping on the pull out couch in the living room where the noise was not as bad. The following morning, we called right away to have maintenance come and then left for the day. When we returned that evening, the noise remained. We immediately called again and were told that someone would call us back - an hour later, no call. So I called a third time and was told that someone had come but had not knocked b/c of the do not disturb sign our door.....and so it went until we finally got someone to come. Overall, we were just left with the impression that the staff was new and must not been well trained because frankly, we just did not feel welcome or as if anyone was trying to be accomodating. Two other reasons why we probably would not stay here again - 1) the pool was small and very crowded with almost no umbrellas - when we went to the pool at 10 am, the only seats left were in the full sun, no shade. 2) While the hotel is well located near the strip, the area between the hotel and the strip did not feel all that safe so we asked some locals about the area and they said we would &quot;probably&quot; be okay during the day but not at night. So while we walked it several times during the day, we ended up often getting taxis which really added to the cost of the vacation. The hotel REALLY needs a shuttle bus - that would make all the difference to this hotel. Overall, our feeling was that this hotel has a lot of potential because the suites are so nice but they really need to improve their customer care and get a shuttle bus.	
Apr 30 2007 	Fabulous rooms	The first thing to say is that the rooms (suites) are fabulous, well equipped with great views, we stayed twice and the mountain views arebetter but the Strip at night is also a great sight (building site during the day). Valet parking is quick, friendly, efficient and freeand checking in is a simple pleasure compared to the zoo at most of the hotels on the Strip (if you can find registration through the casino). Room service is to be commended both for the variety of choice, some interesting items rather than the standard burger and club sandwich, and the quality of the service (and of course it helpsthat you have somewhere decent to eat it, either at the kitchen counter - black granite no less - or out on the balcony). Can't comment on the restaurant, tried to eat there but an attitude problemwith the staff caused us to walk out without ordering (and just in case somebody thinks it might be me it is only the second time in over 30 years of dining that I have done this and all four of us agreed to walk).Elsewhere the staff were pleasant and helpful but we all got the feeling that the hotel was still in &quot;shakedown&quot; mode, not all systemsand services were functioning as they should but this was only a minor distraction and shouldn't prevent you enjoying this gem of a hotel	
Apr 28 2007 	Nice hotel but there were definite problems!	This was our first stay in Vegas off the Strip and here are the facts: The Platinum Hotel Solitaire Suite we had was well appointed as reported by other travelers. We loved the size of all the rooms, and especially the fully equipped kitchen and the double jacuzzi tub! We checked in at about midnight and were just about to doze off to sleep @ 1:00 AM (4:00 AM our home-town time) and we hear the ROAR of a vacuum outside in our hallway. Yes, it's true!Needless to say, I opened the door, and chewed the guy out.There is no excuse for this nonsense. I spoke to the manager in the morning and she apologized and said she had no idea why anyone would ever do that at such a time. She did deduct our evening room service of $35.00. I let it go at that.Other than the above, our room was very quiet. We booked on Vegas.com and paid $790.00 out the door for 4 nights. We felt it was worth it. *We did like the &quot;no smoking and no gaming&quot; policy*.Lobby is small and there is a lounge right next to it. Drinks are very expensive. No wonder everyone buys their liquor at the stores.The next day, while getting ready to go out in the afternoon, I heard someone above us running the tub or shower, and about 2 minutes later, a LARGE amount of water gushed through the light fixture in the ceiling, about 3 feet from me. It continued to pour out - called front desk-they said engineering would come and I was quite firm that we wanted to be moved PRONTO to another room- front desk gal, Jessica, very cooperative and accomodating - beside upgrade to new room, gave us voucher for dinner or spa treatment. I also want to mention that, evidently, guests steal items out of the rooms. First room - missing knobs to lamps. Second room we stayed in - missing remote control in bedroom, kitchen scissors and knob to lamp in living room. Advised front desk of this at check out.We chose dinner @ &quot;The Restaurant&quot; on the fifth floor to use the comp. Food was phenomenal!!!! Smaller portions, but top of the line ingredients, presentation and flavors.Outside in the pool area, they were showing the new Bond movie on the hotel wall....so we went over after dinner we were given a warm blanket and we got cozy on a large, cushy chair for two! Had a few drinks and enjoyed! We took the short walk to the monorail at Bally's to go to the different areas. Prepare to walk A LOT to get to the stations at the casinos. They are always way in the back of the hotels.The location of the hotel is a little dicey, (homeless people hanging around the bus stops, etc.), but we did all our walking in daylight hours, and we never felt anxious in any way.The walk from the hotel to the Strip is not bad at all (about 12 min.) Trip to airport is very short. No cabs were available on Friday around 4:00-5:00 PM., so we ended up having to walk to meet our guests at the Spice Market Buffet in the new Planet Hollywood (good food).We went to late breakfast each morning next door to the Tuscany Hotel and Casino (Marilyn's Cafe). Great food at great prices. Highly recommend it. Some of these units at the Platinum are privately owned. Starting prices $440,000. I hope the owner of the unit we first stayed in is made aware of the bad water leak into his/her suite!!!!!We most likely would stay at this hotel again, if the price does not go up much....otherwise we will look elsewhere! Hope this helps anyone thinking of staying.	
Apr 26 2007 	Great place great value...	Just stayed there with my wife for our anniversery 4/20-4/22. What a great place considering everything else in Las Vegas! I had been planning this weekend months in advance and was getting fed up with the prices of the big name places on the strip. I wasn't sure about this place because of how new it is but what a wonderful experience. The attention to details was very nice (kitchen appliances, bose radio, headphones in for equipment gym, plasma tv, etc.) The huge bathroom with jacuzzi tub and shower were nice as well. The property is about a 10 minute walk from bally's/caesars palace. Considering all the high prices for rooms on the strip, this is a steal. We used our AAA discount for 10% off as well. Definately will stay here again.	
Apr 25 2007 	Enjoyable New Property	We enjoyed most all aspects of our stay at the Platinum. The rooms were large, very plesantly decorated and well equiped. The pool and fitness center were excellent and unlike other Las Vegas hotels, not crowded. We had a fine lunch in the resturant, accompanied by good service. My wife used the spa twice and was very satisfied with the treatments and the skill of the staff. In general, the hotel staff was friendly and helpful in all areas. My only issue is the heating/AC system vents tend to blow directly on the sofa or bed depending on your location, with no possible adjustment to the vents. Fortunately, the nights were cool during our stay and we slept with the slider to our balcony open rather than use the system. In total, we liked being in this non-casino, smaller hotel. The strip was an easy walk and if we chose to drive, the valet service was very speedy. We will definately stay again assuming the hotel's pricing remains a good value.	
Apr 24 2007 	Terrible Service. Not too bad a room	The Platinum was expensive - $250 a night - for what we got. I reserved a king size bed and they would not honor it being as I booked through Hotels.com. The front desk clerk told us the only way to get a king was to reserve it through their reservation system and then they had the nerve to tell me our room was not ready but we could get an upgrade for an extra $30 a night! On one day the house keeper did not clean our room, the bathtub stopper was mssing, and lights were broken. The room was pretty, clean, and the beds comfortable as was the hideaway sofa mattress. However the sofa was uncomfortable to sit on as was the wing chair. Room service was slow , the pool service almost nonexsistence, and the front desk clerk rude and unresponsive.	
Apr 24 2007 	Great facilities terrible service!	Chose this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews. Mostly agree. The decor and room itself is fantastically appointed/clean and described well in other reviews. Huge rooms. We also were told we were &quot;upgraded&quot; but I wonder if they tell everyone that?!We had a 16th floor room with sunny views of the mountains. Stayed here 5 nights for a conference at the Paris, it's about a 10 min walk to the strip.BUT and a big BUT...the service we had was terrible. Room service the first night (late flight, tired/hungry) took over 45 mins. The next morning breakfast, we waited 1 hr 15 min! Totally unacceptable. When the pancakes arrived there was no syrup or butter, just plain dry pancakes! We called and they said they had RUN OUT OF SYRUP and the COOK HAD RUN OUT TO GET MORE?!! Are you kidding?? After reporting to a manager, the charges were reversed, but this was shocking for such a fancy looking hotel!Then, housekeeping...the first day was perfect and fabulous. But the second day, they made the bed and provided towels but did nothing else. No toiletries, coffee supplies, didn't clean the bathroom or the tub?! Then the 3rd day called for housekeeping to come when we were leaving. Attentive staff on the phone, said they would send someone right away! When we returned from dinner at 9 pm, NO HOUSEKEEPING had been performed at all! The management sent someone &quot;right away&quot; 30 min later, our room was getting cleaning at 10 pm??!Management gave us $200 credit at the spa, which was a nice offer for the &quot;inconvenience&quot;. So we can mention that the spa is very nice, and the treatments above average.The condo room is huge and the full kitchen a terrific bonus. We even did a run of laundry. BUT it is too bad really that service is SO poor, it is shocking. What is surprising is that it wasn't just a one time incident, it happened too many times over our stay.Unfortunately, we have to give a low rating on this hotel..for the service. We liked the facilities, so we would stay again if we return to Vegas. But plan for 1 hr for room service, and totally unreliable housekeeping!	
Apr 24 2007 	Great deal	I stayed at this hotel during a recent conference in Las Vegas. First of all, the non-smoking bit is FABULOUS. I'm a non-smoker and one of my least favorite things about Vegas hotels would be that the non-smoking rooms SMELL. These rooms were clean and smoke free - there's even a washer &amp; dryer in the room to get out the smoky smell from the casinos (bring bounce - throw a shirt in the dryer - good as new!).The rooms were clean and very nice. I slept great. The beds were extremely comfortable - everything I needed was right there. I especially recommend this hotel for families.The restaurant is great too.The spa was EMPTY - which is lovely. I didn't partake in the spa this time - I will next time.There is an indoor/outdoor pool on the 5th floor - just lovely.The negatives:- Getting a cab is a MAJOR PAIN IN THE BUTT. You will have to be patient - it could take up to 20 mins to get a cab. Having said that... waiting in cab lines on the strip can take that long too. You just have to plan accordingly.- If you prefer a casino onsite - you are out of luck here. I actually prefer to be away from the casino - so it worked great for me.- The service has major kinks still. They are doing a great deal of training of staff - so I'm hoping this will get better.Overall, I highly recommend this hotel - especially for families. The kitchens rock - full fridge in the room - great fireplace and large flat screen televisions. Just a wonderful experience.	
Apr 23 2007 	No problems.	No probels with the Platinum. Good Bang for the Buck. Good Luck.	
Apr 20 2007 	Great Condo-style Hotel	As everyone is saying this is a great new find in Vegas. I just stayed there five days. I was upgraded without asking to the larger of the 2 suite sizes. When I opened the door to my &quot;room&quot; I actually laughed it was so large. It had a laundry, full kitchen, massive bathroom, nice living area with plasma over the fireplace, large bedroom with additional tv etc...I've stayed in Vegas on business annually going on 20 years (yikes) and this is one of the nicest choices I've tried. That being said let me clarify a few things since these reviews are meant to help you find the right place to stay for you.1. The hotel is 2 long blocks off the strip on the East side (away from the freeway). It is maybe a 10 minute walk to the heart of the strip.2. There is no on-site gambling (for me a big plus). The closest casino is almost across the street at the Westin, also around the corner at Ellis Island brew pub/casino. 3. It's a 5 minute walk to a monorail stop. There is no self-park. The valets are very fast and personable. I rent a car in Vegas because it is dirt cheap and parking everywhere is free and cabs are expensive.4. The hotel would more acurately be described as a &quot;Condo-Hotel&quot; as the suites are more like condo's then luxury suites (like at the Venetian for example). They also sell condos to private owners so there is a mixed clientele of owners and renters.5. The public spaces are small and the &quot;grounds&quot; are non-existant. Since there is no casino there are no sprawling interior spaces (and no smoke!) and there is absolutely no ground floor outdoor area. The pool area (on the 5th floor) is nice, with a view of the strip and an indoor/outdoor pool with a glass partition. It is however small and well-attended while I was there. More than 20 people in that area and you'd start to feel crowded. The workout room is excellent with a full complement of gym-quality machines and weights. 6. All personnel were without exception very helpful and personable except, one little problem: the maid service was erratic (they'd clean the kitchen everyday and then forget other details like the shower etc.) 7. The &quot;build quality&quot; of the place in terms of fixtures, furniture etc. was more on the level of a nice condo than a luxury suite.So to wrap up this longwindedness: If you want a really great semi-lux condo at hotel room prices this is your place. If you are looking for more of a straight-up luxury hotel suite you'll probably want a more traditional Strip property (I liked the Venetian) or a place like the JW Marriott (out in Summerlin 30 mins away from the strip and very nice). Also if you are into a destination resort with a pool scene and/or casino you might like a Mandalay Bay or Hard Rock. I think every single one of those places I mentioned costs more than the Platinum however. TIP: The cheapest place I found for booking this property was actually the Preferred Hotels website - not the Platinum website itself or any of the discounters (it's part of the Preferred chain).	
Apr 19 2007	Hotel great; No one answers the phone!!!	I agree with everyone's postings about the property being great, and close. Both true. But I called three different times downstairs to the front desk, and it rang for at least five minutes and no one answered. I then called the concierge....same story. Hotel operator? Same story. NO ONE. What if I was having a heart attack or someone was breaking in my room?!?Then in a few hours, the same thing. Even when I checked in, I stood in front of the front desk for at least 5 minutes, and no one was there. FIVE minutes! To check in. What kind of hotel operates like that?I consider this to be a serious issue with service, so I can't rank it as well as others did. Other than that, it was a nice place, brand-new, etc.Oh, and cabs....VERY hard to get one if you're in a hurry since they're not on the Strip.	
Apr 18 2007 	excellent - could happily have moved in...	fantastic 15th floor room (solitaire suite). Spacious, stylishly furnished, with balcony - although this was noisy overlooking E. Flamingo. Great bathroom with spa bath, walk in shower. Good pressure (unlike Bellagio's). Noisy but effective air con. TV's in bedroom and lounge area, with choice of channels and lots of pay TV/movies/music. Bose music player so bring your own selection. Clientele seemed to be a nice mix friends/trendy business types, old, young.Staff were friendly, efficient which is not always the case for a boutiquey hotel. The lobby is small to non existent so few places to hang out at the hotel but it does have a spa/pool and a pleasant if unatmospheric bar. Great to have a full kitchen with fridge/dishwasher/microwave although oddly no pots and pans but you do get in room chef service I believe if you order ahead.Off strip so a good 8-10 minute walk (to corner of Bellagio's/Caesar's) and handy for the airport, about 10 minutes.The big surprise is how quiet it was - perhaps a result of the layout/size of rooms. I assumed I had no neighbours but in fact saw people coming and going so must have done. Overall a great find and definitely on my preferred list for future LV trips	
Apr 18 2007 	Not a hole in the wall	Upon checkout we I noticed a small hole in the wall that I hadn't noticed upon check in, in the bedroom low on the wall, I made sure none of my party had done it (they hadn't). So when I checked out I let the front desk person know I saw that just to make sure they didn't think we did it. The rest of my party was still in the room packing on their way out when the maintenance person showed up to repair the wall. This is just an example of the customer service/attention to detail that this property provided.From the valet parking, front desk to concierge. All of the staff was top notch. I look forward to staying there again. Only 2 small complaints,both of which wouldn't stop me from staying there again. One is if you have a car you can only valet park, which is fine for most but as I was coming and going a few times it got a bit irritating. The other was the distance from the strip, but as anyone will tell you everything in Vegas is a longer walk that you think, so rally its not that bad at all.	
Apr 14 2007 	Excellent deal excellent staff excellent hotel just off the strip	we were thrilled with our stay at the platinum. We were given a free upgrade to the top floor and given an awesome room. the full kitchen was great as we made breakfast every morning. We were able to use the dishwasher and we also had a washer and dryer for clothes. The living room was huge with a very nice plasma tv with many channels and a great fireplace. We noticed that the couch is a pull out though we didnt need it. The bathroom is huge. two sinks with ample counter space, a stand up shower, a garden tub with the hot tub jets, and just a lot of room to move around made the bathroom great. you also get bathrobes for use during your stay. The bedroom had a very nice king sized bed that was really comfortable. there was a tv in there too. the closet had a safe that was free to use. there was plenty of space to hang clothes or put them in the dresser. the balcony was great and had a table a chairs with a great view. We were very pleased with our room.the pool and chairs and hot tub are very nice. the gym looked good, though we didnt use it. we did not dine or use the spa. I suggest that if you are not planning on renting a car for a long time that you consider renting a car for the last day. We had a great time at red rocks after checking out of our hotel and then we drove ourselves to drop off the car and got a ride from the car place to the airport. This in the end costed us $15 if you take into account that we would have spent $15 on the cab ride after tip. Another great tip is to utilize the walgreens and rite aid and gas station store that u pass when walking on the strip or to/from the hotel. you can get cheap drinks for the walk and eggs/bread/etc if u want to utilize the kitchen and dont want to run to a supermarket. Overall we had a wonderful in vegas and would stay at the platinum again for sure. I doubt u can get such a great room so close to the strip for so cheap.	
Apr 13 2007	Platinum Hotel 	Stayed at the Platinum while travelling for work in March 2007 as the many of the properties along the main strip were sold out but will definitely be a repeat customer. Attention to detail was phenomenal. Standard room was a luxuriously appointed suite. The best ammenities though were the gym (one of the better hotel gyms that I have been in with 5 or 6 treadmills, full weights) and the great dining room. I only had a chance to have breakfast - green eggs (scrambled with mascarpone and pesto) and ham one morning and Elvis pancakes (with bacon, peanut butter, bananas and maple syrup) the next. Just wish that I had more time to try the &quot;flights&quot; of Macaroni and Cheese!	
Apr 12 2007 	Positives and Negatives	Positives: Awesome room. Full kitchen with all appliances. Good size. Quiet, clean. Off the strip. No smoking, no casino. Pleasant and helpful staff. Upgraded to 15th floor and strip view with simple request.Negatives: Pool bar not open during our entire stay mid week, even though temperatures in the mid 90's. Patio door extremely hard to open and shut (wife could not do without my assistance). Valet parking only, no self park. No cutting board in room.Overall: An awesome property at which I would definitely stay again. If they address the negatives, this property moves up an additional notch.	
Apr 7 2007 	Great Room	The hotel was great. The rooms are very spacious and having the kitchen was good for late night snacks. Our bathroom fan clicked constantly but a small sacrifice for a nice room.The staff were extremely helpful and very friendly except for in the restaurant. The worst part is the food. The menus are limited and do not offer the same items that you are able to order from room service. Don't they come from the same kitchen??The food portions were miniscule to say the least and lack taste as well as imagination in preparation. The spa treatments were well doneand very relaxing. We will book here again!	
Apr 3 2007 	I loved the it!	We stayed three nights in one of the Princess Suites on the 12 Floor overlooking the Strip. The room was very well appointed and we could not have asked for better accommodations. I really enjoyed the large bathroom with the double sinks. The room even had a fireplace with a washer and dryer. The fireplace was very safe since it had no fire and was more of a light show then anything else.Do not forget your swimsuit since part of the pool is indoors and is usable even in bad weather.We noticed the street noise and sirens at night. Use a pair of ear plugs and it will no longer be a problem. We also noticed the homeless people close to the hotel. Unless you are walking it will not be a concern. We had a car and you had to use the valet service to have your car parked. I had nosafety concerns since someone from the valet staff was always at the front of the hotel to greet you.	
Apr 2 2007 	stress free	We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The rooms are comfortable. The kitchen is clean and perfect for cooking meals in your room. The spa was first rate . I had three procedures and all were performed perfectly. I had bar service in the lounge. The service was promrt and the drinks were great. Overall the staff here spoils you.	
Apr 1 2007 	Civility just off the Strip	This hotel offers superb facilities. The rooms are extremely well fitted and modern. Fridge-freezer with icemaker, spa bath, full kitchen and comfortable lounge are just some of the features. Restaurant service is good but the bar is rather short of seating. We had a balcony with good views of the strip which is just five or six minutes walk away to Bally's Hotel. There is a monorail station there.	
Mar 29 2007 	Beautiful Hotel on NBA all star week	My wife and I stayed at the Platinum Hotel and Spa for 5 nights over Washington Birthday's weekend, which also was the NBA allstar game. We paid an average of $200 per night which was incredible because it was the holiday weekend and the NBA was in town. Other casino hotels like Paris were average $300 per night. We had booked through Expedia, and as a result received 25 percent discounts on all restaurants in hotel as well as Spa. We took advantage of that twice at breakfast, and my wife and daughter had hot stone massages, which they loved. We had booked the smaller mountain view suite, but were upgraded to the Strip view larger Suite, and it was beautiful. Better than any place I have ever stayed in Las Vegas, including TheHotel suites at Mandalay Bay, which were also nice. We also used the pool area which was great, considering that many of the Casino Hotel pools are closed in the winter. The staff were very helpful including the concierge, and we also enjoyed the fitness faciltity.The walk to the strip was very short, and we felt safe day or night. We will definately stay at the Platinum again, though next time it will probably be much more expensive.If you need a rental car for a day trip (we went to Valley of Fire), there is an Enterprise car rental place in the Westin across the street.We enjoyed everything about this stay.	
Mar 27 2007 	beautiful comfy rooms and great service.	We stayed at the Platinum March 2-4th for my birthday and barely left the room! First let me say that the employees at this hotel were extremely nice, funny and very helpful. Then there was the beautiful suite!We stayed in a princess suite with a mountain view and loved it! Beautiful and spacious. The kitchen was fantastic with gorgeous appliances and everything you could possibly need if you wanted to cook a meal and hang out in the room (which we did). Just having the icemaker in the freezer door was a plus-no having to find an ice machine somewhere! The plasma TV was great, the furniture was beautiful, the bed super comfy and the bathroom was gorgeous!The view was a nice change from the strip and we spent much of our time on the balcony in the evening watching all the planes come in at the airport. It was the most relaxing time we have ever had in Vegas! Dont know how often that can be said about Vegas, but a relaxing time in Vegas can be had at the Platinum off the strip and away from the crowds, noise and lights.We love having a suite and a balcony when we do Vegas and because we are always on a tight budget we usually stay at the Imperial, but for the same price we pay for a suite there (around 240 + a night) we got luxury at the Platinum! We are spoiled now and will always book a room at the Platinum.I cant say enough nice things about this hotel and its wonderful staff. Oh! almost forgot... the food is really good too!	
Mar 27 2007 	What a wonderful place to stay!	This is the greatest hotel I've stayed at in Las Vegas. The staff was pleasant and very accomadating. The hotel was clean, and being that it is a new hotel, it still has the smell of new materials. It was also great that it's a non-smoking hotel, a great getaway from all the other smoke filled places on the strip. The room was beautifully decorated. The living room area was spacious and comfortable. Above the electric fireplace hung a modern state of the art, plasma flat screen TV. The kitchen was fully equipped and very clean. The bathroom was a decent size, with 2 sinks, a roomy stand up shower, and an even roomier jaccuzi tub! The bedroom was also huge! With a very comfortable king size bed, and a good size flat screen TV. Our balcony was also very big, with a table and 4 chairs.We ate once at the hotel. We had breakfast....it was a little pricey, but delicious. We spent a day at the pool as awell. It was clean, and there are so many different places to sit- lounge chairs, couches, comfy beds for two- it was a great escape from the strip.My boyfriend and I stayed here for our first vacation together. I couldn't have asked for more! It was simply perfect! I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Mar 26 2007 	Quiet and spacious - just off the strip	My husband and I stayed two nights at the Platinum. Didn't have time to use the spa, pool, restaurant or exercise facility because we were away on day trips (Hoover Dam) and the NCAA Basketball tournaments were on television which we wanted to watch. Ah! the flat screen tv in the living room area was very nice (but not plasma unfortunately). Our 10th floor suite (full kitchen, living area, bedroom and whirlpool/shower/bathroom) was clean, comfortable, nicely furnished and faced away from the strip, which was fine with us. We paid $140+/night plus taxes, which is a pretty amazing price for such a nice suite. (AAA discount) Bed was very comfortable. Linens were luxurious and 1st class. Bathroom was marvelous, and the whirlpool was very large. The attendants at the Valet Parking were friendly and helpful. We never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for our car.The room has a walk-out balcony with a small table and chairs. The view is nice, especially at night.This hotel does not have a casino on the premises, which is fine with us. We are not much for gambling. The Strip is a short walk from the hotel and we felt pretty safe walking there at night. Coming back after midnight was a little sketchy because there was a homeless man sleeping at the bus stop shelter.We walked to dinner across the street to Lawry's Prime Rib - excellent prime rib - for dinner (need reservations). The waitresses' uniforms were a riot! We felt like we had stepped back into the 1940s.The only complaint we had for our hotel was regarding the air conditioning in our suite. The vent in the living area is on the wall by the tv and blows directly onto the seating area. It blows like a son-of-a-gun and even on hot days you need a blanket to sit there! Other than that, this hotel is terrific. It won't be this inexpensive for long, I'm sure, although the fact that it isn't on the Strip may help keep the price down. I think it is a time-share facility, although we were never approached about that.	
Mar 24 2007 	Our family's new Vegas favorite	We were traveling to Vegas to see a medical specialist, and this was not our first time. I read the reviews here online and thought, what a wonderful idea to stay in a lovely non-casino hotel, no smoke, and to have a fullsized kitchen and refrigerator! How perfect for traveling with a sick child.We checked in very late in the evening and everything went smoothly. We had paid for a mountain view, but perhaps they had none left, because they upgraded us to a Strip view. My two kids LOVED the view and the &quot;trains&quot; they could see going by across the way. The room was huge, like an apartment. The kitchen was nearly larger than ours back home, and everything was very clean. The bedroom totally closes off from the living room, and the bathroom goes to each.Everyone was helpful and went out of their way. Room service made something special for my little sick one who had a craving. Very nice.We were able to eat almost all our meals in our room, which made the trip affordable for us. We brought groceries from L.A. in a cooler so we wouldn't have to search for stores in Vegas.The beds were very comfortable and the giant whirlpool bath was so much fun that one of my kids became pruny from taking 4 baths in one day! The balcony was wonderful, with our Strip view. It was great to get fresh air in a hotel. Because our trip involved some bedrest days, having a door to open and get outside really mattered to us. There's a nice table for four out there and we ate a few meals outside when it wasn't too cold.We tried the pool, though outside was cold and windy. The pool is on the roof of the 5th floor (part of the hotel has only 5 floors but the rest is taller), and goes indoors and outdoors, so you can swim in any weather. It was heated to 89 degrees and perfect.Our only complaints, and these are so simple for this new hotel to remedy, were two: there was no dish soap in the kitchen, only cubes for the dishwasher. Thus we were forced to use the dishwasher even to wash one or two glasses. It would have been nice to wash some things quickly by hand sometimes, like kids' sippy cups, etc. The worst complaint is the smell of the towels. They are thick and luxurious, and plentiful both in the bathroom and at the pool, but all of them, ALL OF THEM, had a faint sour &quot;pukey&quot; (my son's choice of words) smell to them. Thus I knew it must be the hotel's laundry service if even the clean pool towels smelled that way. You did not want to hold them against your body for longer than was absolutely necessary. They need to fix that.We really enjoyed our stay there and we plan on returning in two months!	
Mar 19 2007	Great Hotel	We stayed 2 nights at the Platinum and it was great. The staff was really friendly and helpful, the hotel is brand new. We got a large studio with all the amenities you can dream about. It was too bad we could not take full advantage of it as Las Vegas has so much to offer if you only stay one day. We got an excellent price offer (USD 169 per night). When I inquired about a later stay, prices were already much higher, so I do not know if they have increased their prices in the meantime. It was a pity we could not use the pool area due to the weather, it looked gorgeous. Just around the corner is a great breakfast place that is very affordable and delicious.The only thing we did not like about Platinum was the room service food. The staff again was very friendly but the food was totally overpriced and not very good. They have a cool bar area tough.	
Mar 16 2007 	Wow... and then some!!	Fabulous!!! I cannot tell you how much I appreciated the friendly staff that treated each guest with a smile and kind words. In fact, Shaun (from room service) was even kind enough to go to three different stores looking for solution for my contacts when I mentioned I had none and could not see...amazing service!! I stay in Las Vegas twicw a month and this is the first time I have stayed at this property and I can guarantee you I will be staying here again. The rooms are nice and new and it is great to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip...but it is only a block away. Thanks so much for making my stay so comfortable!	
Mar 9 2007 	New property gets thumbs up	Had a really nice stay at the Platinum over a long weekend in March 07. Staff was freindly and helpful, plus the rooms were well appointed and uber functional. Huge bathroom with spa tub and walk-in shower were great perks, for the price. I thought the suites would be a great place for business entertaining or just getting away from the craziness of the Strip. I paid about $150 per night with tax, so that was reasonable, comparitively. On the down side, the street noise/fire truck issue was bothersome (even on 8th floor) and the neighborhood was a bit shabby with homeless laying about and loud local cars buzzing in and out of the adjacent gas station. In-house food was decent but pricey. Cheap eats were right around the corner at the Ellis Island casino. Close to the action, though, with about a 5-minute walk to Harrah's and the monorail station. I would go back to this place at that price for sure.	
Mar 5 2007 	Relaxing Oasis Loved It!	Just got back from Las Vegas and wanted to share a great place with you. The Platinum is just off of the Strip (2 long blocks) which is walkable or is a short taxi ride. The rooms are lovely, clean and have everything you could want. The room is in fact a Condo, with a full kitchen (even an ice maker in the fridge), separate living room and bedroom, large bathroom.Really enjoyed several relaxing hours at the spa, took my girlfriend there for her birthday. The staff was all very nice, accommodating and not snobby at all. In a modern hotel that is this nice, the help is often aloof or snotty but, not at The Platinum. Everyone we encountered was great!!!!!!Had a problem with the flat screen tv when we got there and no kidding the engineer was there to check it out in less than 5 min.!! Talk about service. We felt like Queens for the weekend.Also, go see Niles in the Stir Bar-- he makes wonderful cocktails!Enjoy this place now, before everyone else finds it. :)	
Feb 15 2007 	Hidden Beauty of Las Vegas	Hotel is very nice..new furniture..hip design and good food..service is so-so..because its fairly new and nobody stays in there..pretty soon people will discover this hotel and prices will go up...me and my hubby stayed there for 2 nights..hotel room is very clean..huge..with full kitchen..stainless steel appliances..flat screen tv in the living room and another tv in the bedroom..separate tub and shower..i was just disappointed with the tub..it was a whirlpool but it didnt work..but hey..we paid $136/night (cant really get any rooms in vegas thats less than $200 with these ammenities) plus 25% off on food and spa, a special promo they had when we stayed..indoor pool is gorgeous! bed and pillows are comfy..this place is good for families who wants to stay away from the strip or romantic getaways..strip is not that far..about 10 minute walk..i enjoyed my stay and will not stay in another hotel in vegas! try it!	
Feb 11 2007 	Wonderful Stay at the Platinum Hotel	I just got back from a wonderful stay at the brand new Platinum Hotel. I can't say enough about the great amenities that this place had to offer. The rooms were very large, like a residential condo with a full kitchen and living room. I've stayed in quite a few of the hotels on the strip, and the rooms don't even compare. I also can't believe how cheap the price is for the quality of the rooms, it won't last much longer. If you don't like the smoke and the noise of the casinos, this is definitely a great place to stay. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone going to Vegas and I'll be staying there again on my next trip.	
Feb 7 2007 	Your own luxury apartment in Vegas		
Jan 29 2007	Non-smoking Non-gaming Suite I could have lived in		
Jan 22 2007 	Excellent Bargain!		
Jan 6 2007 	Like a new car		
Dec 27 2006 	Great Hotel!		
Dec 14 2006 	Jackpot!!!		
Dec 10 2006 	Platinum wins the gold!		
Nov 19 2006 	Wonderful Stay		
Nov 13 2006 	Brand New with lots of potential		
Nov 6 2006 	Beautiful Hotel- Best Value in Las Vegas		
Sep 19 2009 	7 Tage Las Vegas		
Sep 13 2009 	Grosszügige Zimmer und angenehme Ruhe		
Aug 5 2009 	Mega Cool		
Jul 23 2009 	super		
Mar 26 2009 	?????????????????????		
Mar 14 2009 	Hôtel incontestablement au dessus du lot		
Sep 6 2008 	du bien et du mal ...		
Sep 5 2008 	Assolutamente consigliabile.		
Aug 7 2008 	Wir kommen wieder!		
