Sep 21 2009 	Pretty Pretty Good!	Having stayed at the 'other' Embassy Suites 2 years ago, I decided to stay at this one based on the pool as my family was coming on this business trip. My kids loved the pool, and I did find the staff at checkin, throughout the stay, and at departure to be more than accomodating. Although always a request, the van driver was our own persoanl limousine driver. Of course, i would tip the driver as much as a cab cost, but there was no wait and he picked up right on schedule at the convention center. As stated, this is always a request and not a guarantee of service.The suite were standard compared to other Embassy Suites. Cooked-to-order breakfast service was surprisingly fast (fastest at Lake Buena Vista, FL Embassy Suites), but the back area seemed a little shallow compared to other ES. Dink service depended upon the night - long waits on Fri and Sat, and faster service on other nights.Downside is this hotel is a long walk off the strip, but less than the other ES in Vegas. One side of the hotel does have planes passing, but this did not bother my family (it may for others).Whenever I go back to Vegas	
Sep 17 2009 	great place to stay	We had a great service and enjoyed our stay! the front desk men were very helpful and gave us good advice on places to eat. Our non smoking room smelled like smoke and they sent someone right up to deodorize it. Breakfast was fantastic one of the best omlettes I've ever had! ( the cooks are funny and work very hard so even though its complimentary we tipped them every morning) Our shuttle driver at night was also great! We had a great experience and are staying there again when we go out in afew weeks. Walking distance to Unlv and they have a shuttle to bring you to the airport and to the strip. The shuttle does end at 10:30pm and it doesn't run to the airport between 2-4:00 (I think so check) but all in all it was a nice quiet place to stay. The swans were an added bonus for the kids.	
Sep 2 2009 	STAY HERE IF YOU ARE MILITARY	Went TDY to Nellis AFB and stayed at the ES because I thought we would get a great rate (got $75 per night at the Tulsa ES back in June with the Military discount). Per diem for Military is $105 per night, ES charged me $103 plus tax because my Gov Travel Card had the wrong 6th digit, go figure. In the end my money man back in albuquerque paid the tax.The free All you can eat breakfast and 2 hours of STRONG free drinks makes this THE place to stay. Great parking, good food, swans???Needed towels and a phone book, they were at my door LITERALY 15 seconds after I hung up!I faced south, no airplane noise. The only complaint is that the shuttle to the strip ended at 1030pm. However, the driver took my group to the strip a couple of times when he didn't have to. Very nice people.	
Aug 24 2009 	Desk staff could use some lessons on improving service	We checked in around mid night. The hotel was very quiet, clean and I noticed they've done alot of upgrades to the room which was very nice. However, it doesn't matter how nice your hotel is when the service is non existant. We arrived in Las Vegas from an International flight so needless to say, we'd been traveling all day. Upon checking into the hotel we asked if there was some where on property that we could purchse milk for our infant who needed a bottle. Mind you, we didn't ask for free milk, we simply asked if there was a way we could purchase milk. You wouldn't think this would be a problem since this is a full service hotel and they have a gift shop. The security guard at the desk said he would look but immediately followed that up with &quot;There is a CVS down the street&quot;. Needless to say, no one tried to get milk for a screaming infant as a matter of fact they had the audicity to tell us they did try but we watched from the balcany as the desk clerk and security guy continued their conversation. When I went to the desk again they told me I would have to go to CVS and resumed their conversation as though I had imposed. I've received better service from Super 8.	
Aug 22 2009 	Credit Card Stolen	Do not stay at this hotel! Yes the hotel is nice, however, someone from the front desk stole our credit card and racked up $1300.00 in illegal charges. The Embassy Suites and Hilton corporation have not been helpful in retribution. The only thing I can say nice about this hotel, is the breakfast chefs are very funny.	
Aug 19 2009 	BED BUGS YUCK	I work for a major sports television agency, the big one and our travel office booked here. First night they overbooked the hotel so sent us down to a nicer embassy but told us because our contract was there we had to come back. Upon return then next day, we had to wait until 6p.m. to check in. The Latino girl who was the manager checked us in, and was as caring as a wet blanket. She seemed to be frustrated about something. We proceeded to the room which had a odd odor; me and my colleague were running late so time to call in and complain. When we returned, later to the hotel, the young lady behind the desk (a little over-weight) was chatting with some guy very cozy like. I hope it was not a guest or a personal friend. Any on to the BED BUGS, i took a shower (water took forever to heat up) and got ready to dive into bed and as i pull back covers, i notice dirty sheets and something moving. Called down to desk and phone just rang, upon me coming downstairs i notice same guy being cozy with desk clerk. I ask for another room and explain why and young girl tells me she is sold out. She only had a smoking room, i took that and checked out of that place first thing in the a.m., BEWARE FELLOW TRVLRS, HORRIBLE PLACE, STAFF AND CRITTERS	
Aug 10 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Very nice ES. Staff was very nice, especially Brian in Guest Services. Rooms were clean. It was fun to see all the Koi Fish and the two swans they keep at the hotel. Nice quiet hotel off the strip. Would stay here again.	
Aug 9 2009 	Good but Not a $ Value Choice For Vegas	I stayed here out of team comradarie (others wanted to accumulate Hilton points) and usually stay off the strip but at another hotel (The Orleans). The breakfast was really good and the manager's reception was better than most Embassy's I've stayed at recently (this place had cheese queso and fresh chips rather than year-old pretzels). The location in combination with on-going road work make it a pain to get to/from, but it's nice to be able to walk across the street to the Hard Rock. The Hofbreau House is also within easy walking distance, and that place is an interesting meal and entertainment combination (once - maybe more if you really like accordian music).If you're staying off the Strip, I expect to be able to get a plethora of channel selections on my tv - not here. Found it ironic that for a supposed &quot;family-friendly&quot; hotel in Vegas, the Disney Channel got &quot;no signal&quot; when you stepped across it.Really nothing bad to say about the place, but when you can easily get a really nice room in Vegas for around $60 a night, paying $100+ for a standard Embassy Suites just isn't a great value.	
Aug 8 2009 	Leave the craziness of the strip behind	This is my second year at this hotel. Usually I stay for a week at a time each year for the Computer Hacker's conferences (Blackhat &amp; Defcon). If you have never been to Vegas, then this location is probably not the right one for you. If you have been to Vegas and have a car, this is perfect. Right across from UNLV on the East side and across from the Hard Rock on the West side. Parking is right outside. The staff are great from the front desk to the breakfast folks to the Coconuts staff. Absolutely the best! The breakfast is fantastic. Be careful about asking for &quot;alot of bacon&quot;. You could get a whole plate. The evening reception is fun. The pool is great with the little waterfall and hottubs.The rooms are very good. They are extremely comfortable with two flat screen TVs and numerous phones. Does anyone ever use the phone any more? In the last year of traveling, I have only used the phone to leave a wake up call, hmmm. We had a room facing Swenson and did not have any of the plane noise in the room that was noted in a previous request. If your looking for an &quot;off the strip&quot; experience, you couldn't ask for a more comfortable and better bargin than the Embassy Suites Las Vegas Airport. Oh yea, don't forget to visit Mt. Charleston, the Hoover Dam, or the Red Rock Canyon, but those are other reviews.	
Jul 1 2009 	Excellent value off strip hotel	Pros:-Very nice hotel, curteous staff, clean and nice room.-Complimentary beverages (including some alcoholic / beer) 530pm -730pm-Complimentary cook to order breakfast (including pancake/French toast/omlette/hash brown + more. Yum!!)-Pull out sofa bed.-2 Flatscreen TVs.-Coi and Geese make your kids happy.-Free wifiCons:-Off strip, can't walk to strip, it's pretty far, but it's right behind Hard Rock hotel if you really want to gamble with walking distance.-Some airplanes noise which can be heard, not too loud though(fortunately they don't fly at night, so you will still get a good night of sleep)-Small 2 double beds. You can't really fit 2 persons in a bed comfortably.	
Jun 17 2009 	Good value quieter than on Strip and great staff. Shuttle to strip and airport.	Embassy suites are always good value as you get two rooms and a good breakfast included in the price. This hotel was away from the strip (which is what we wanted) and so was much quieter than hotels with a casino. All staff, receiption, waiters, cooks or cleaners were very friendly and efficient. The breakfast was very good - plenty of choice of cereals, bread, cakes, fruit and drinks - and the freshly cooked omelettes were excellent. The hotel runs a free shuttle to the strip between 7.00 and 10.00 am and between 4.00 and 7.00 pm. - and also to the airport. Shuttle drivers were helpful and polite. I feel it would probably be better for guests if the shuttle to the strip ran between 9 and 12 noon as most people don't want to miss breakfast or have to get up so early on holiday. The decor in this hotel on Swenson Street was a little 'tired' - but not scruffy and it was immaculate. We felt a little sorry for the chefs and waiters as hardly anybody ate in the hotel in the evening - I suppost some people used room service. We ate there twice when we were too tired to go out again - the service was fine and the food was good though not gourmet ! It was fun to see Elvis and Priscilla the two swans who live in the pool in the atrium - they seemed very happy to be there. Our one complaint was that whilst we were there a group of teenage girl basket ball players were staying - and they were very noisy - leaning over the balconies and calling to each other - in typical giggly l4 year old manner. We felt the staff should have asked them to consider other guests. Once in our room we did not hear any outside or room to room noise. As the hotel is family friendly there are often a lot of children staying. The swimming pool outside was very pleasant. All in all a very reasonably priced hotel with great staff. Oh and there is also a business centre with two computers for you to check in online or check your emails - rooms are also set up for wi-fi if you have your laptop with you.	
Jun 1 2009 	Perfect stay at Embassy Suites !	Booked Embassy Suites through Hilton Honors as a free night.After waying up the other Hilton options to use up our points, we decided as it was our first night in Las Vegas following a long flight, it would do the job we needed ie somewhere nice to sleep.Turned out it was so much better than just that.Firstly, we were able to self-park directly outside the lobby, and were unpacking within minutes, very efficient. The room was exactly as we requested, a high floor, non-smoking, room with strip view. Perfect ! The complimentary beverages and snacks served in Coconuts Lounge 5.30pm - 7.30pm were appreciated. The complimentary breakfast is fully cooked to order every morning in the atrium, a lovely setting.We were delighted to see all the fish, and the Royal Swans, also in the atrium, they are named Elvis and Priscilla.The food in the Three Palms Cafe was also very good, as was the service.We were wondering if we would find Swenson Street easily, in fact, it is just around the block from Hard Rock, so no problem at all. Very happy with our choice to stay at Embassy Suites, spotlessly clean, and everything we wanted. Will definitely stay again, even if we have to pay !!!	
May 25 2009 	Great Off-Strip Hotel	We stayed here for one night before heading to Utah. The hotel was recently renovated, and our suite was spacious, clean, and beautifully decorated. There were two large flat screen TVs – one in the bedroom and one in the living area, with a fair selection of channels. There was also a wet bar with a mini fridge and microwave. The bathroom was a decent size with a tub/shower combo. Breakfast was delicious with the usual Embassy Suites offering – cooked to order omelets, pancakes, and an assortment of hot and cold cereals, bagels, muffins, yogurt, and juice. The staff at the front desk was very friendly and helpful. We asked one staff member for directions and he wrote them down for us and even drew a map. There was a statue of Elvis in the lobby and two swans named Elvis and Priscilla swimming in an indoor pond. The hotel is only a few minutes drive from the Strip and a great place to stay.	
May 5 2009 	Great Location Sweet Breakfast	We had to use up some miles, so we decided to stay in this hotel based on some reviews. The location wasn't far from the strip, but it's probably too far to walk - unless you just really like walking (we did try it once).They offer a shuttle, but the times aren't terribly convenient. It runs every hour, but it starts late enough and stops early enough that you just don't get enough use out of it, and you'll want to take a cab most times. The times you may make use of it are when you come back to the room mid-day and want to go back to the strip for a show or something.You will be able to take advantage of the included breakfast and the manager's reception, but what you can't do are gamble at the hotel (have to go to a casino for that), and though they have a pool, there isn't really much to see while you do it - you're out in the middle of the parking lot. So if you want to sunbathe, you might want to pick another joint.Other than that, the hotel works fine as a base of operations. It's just not the most scenic place in the city.	
Apr 18 2009 	Not Expecting Airplane Roaring Overhead	ProFriendly front desk personnelThe breakfast cooks were awesome and very entertaining.ConHousekeeping needs a little work (took some dirty towels and tub mat, but didn't leave replacements) and need to pay attention to some of the small things that customers should not have to worry about (like running out of toilet paper).Front desk proudly mentioned the &quot;heated&quot; pool with a waterfall. We happend to hit a Vegas cold spell, but the pool was not heated. All the patrons around the pool complained about the ice cold water temperature.Hotel web site described &quot;up-scale hotel completed a multi-million dollar renovation in 2007&quot;. this place does NOT look like it's been renovated in the past two years and really does not look up-scale.Big NegativeAbsolutely NO mention/warning of airplane noise. I realize that they're designated as the Embassy Suites Las Vegas &quot;Airport&quot;, but I've had stays at hotels at the actual airport or connected property, but did not have this problem (Embassy Suites San Francisco Airport, Hilton Boston Logan Airport). If you're in a room facing Swenson, then prepare for noise and the room rattling. You're right below the flight line of the airplanes. I recommend requesting a room on the Paradise road side to minimize the noise. Location is not the fault of the hotel staff, but I did request a quiet room and the person checking us in did make it a point that he was assigning us to a quiet room. I'm shocked that they would put us in this room.	
Apr 12 2009 	Comfortable friendly convenient to airport and UNLV	Nice place for a business or pleasure visit. Very close to airport and across street from UNLV if you have business there. Friendly, international reception staff but a bit unorganized. Glass elevators and wide open atrium of hotel lobby is not great for privacy but comfortable to sit and enjoy the indoor greenery, water features, and swans names Elvia and Priscilla. Breakfast selection was not great, always crowded, but the food manager was great and worked hard along side the servers and cooks. Nice to have free parking and an easy couple blocks to the Strip. Spacious, comfy rooms, basic bathrooms, two large tvs, sitting and work area, though lighting was not the best and not all functional. Overall nice place and good location away from the hustle and bustle but close enough to get there in a quick couple of minutes by car or even on foot. Easy walk to the Hard Rock Cafe and Casino.	
Mar 29 2009 	Fantastic Service	We recieved great service at this hotel!! We traveled from the Grand Canyon back to Las Vegas to fly home We were allowed to check in early and the front desk could not have been more accomodating!! The room was neat and clean with 2 TV's ( a plus if you are traveling with children), there was a pool, and no casino. We ate at the hotel and the staff was friendly and went out of their way to help us!! Great price for great service!!!	
Mar 17 2009 	Nice place KILLER Breakfast !	My wife and I stayed here for six days in early March of 2009. Very nice hotel and the staff was exceptional. No complaints. Our room was on the 6th floor (HHonours guests are allocated top floor rooms). Three elevators let you get there easily. The rooms aren't huge but good enough for the low price.Great value because of the evening &quot;Happy hour&quot; and the breakfast buffet. Their &quot;Made to order&quot; breakfasts are to die for !Try the meat lovers omelet with some extra bacon and sausage, hash browns, french toast, milk, juice, toast and fruit. A real heart attack special. You can gain weight at this hotel just like on a cruise ship.Just kidding .... but their Omelets are really tasty.The rooms are quiet but sometimes the incoming planes look like the could land on the roof.Thanks for your time.	
Mar 14 2009 	fantastic stay	We stayed here from 2nd to 6th of march and had a wonderful time,friendly helpful staff,clean comfortable room, as we have found from all embassy suites that we have stayed in. Would definitely stay here if we come back to vegas	
Mar 2 2009 	Great Stay during CANAM Hockey Tournament	We stayed at the Embassy Suites (About six rooms) for three nights during the CanAM Hockey Tournament (Adult over 30 ice hockey.) The hotel staff was great - front desk clerks actually were interested in how our team did when they saw us gathering in the lobby. (We won, by the way!) Breakfast as always was great - the food and the cooks have great personalities, and are never troubled by small requests. (I actually watched them make Mickey Mouse pancakes for the little girl in front of me - how sweet!)We look forward to next year's tournament and another stay at the Embassy Suites.	
Feb 15 2009 	Good Hotel...Lousy Bed.	We stayed at the Embassy Suites over President's Day weekend for an extended weekend. The rate, $99, from the Embassy website was excellent compared to other hotels for the holiday weekend and was why we stayed at the Embassy instead of on the strip.The hotel is reasonably clean, I did find some stray hairs in both the bathroom and bedroom, had very good check-in staff, and had a very good breakfast included.The bed, though, was lousy. We had a king bed and it was super springy and cupped. My wife continually found herself rolling into the middle of the bed and any movement by one of us sent the other bouncing all over. We also has noise issues due to thin walls and hearing conversation from the adjacent bedroom.It is too far to walk to the strip and walking to the Hard Rock across the street is not as easy as it once was due to construction at the Hard Rock. Also, the Embassy has no strip shutte in case you want that. We had a car and that suited us well.Most people at the Embassy seemed to be staying not for vacation, but for other events being held in Las Vegas. For that, it would be a very good place to stay.Overall, price being the major consideration, we feel we got a very good value for the weekend and would stay again.	
Jan 12 2009 	great value!	excellent value because of the &quot;happy hour&quot; which I enjoyed immensely and the breakfast buffet...rooms were large and clean, not to mention well stocked....I would recommend this hotel to the value conscious traveler...Plus, it was less smoky than most Vegas hotels!	
Nov 8 2008 	Great!	I stayed at the Embassy Suites recently for 3 nights with my wife and 15 year old son. Our room was on the top floor (HHonours guests are allocated top floor rooms). We had absolutely no problem with noise, despite the proximity to the airport. In fact it was extremely quiet. The suite was spacious and spotlessly clean and well maintained with reasonably stylish furnishings. We had 2 42&quot; HD-TVs and a kitchenette (fridge, microwave etc.) which was a bit of a bonus. The hotel is located off-strip, although it is possible to walk (30 mins or so) or use the hotel shuttle (which didn't operate frequently enough). Parking is complementary and plentiful. The cooked-to-order complementary breakfast was excellent, as was the happy hour complementary drinks/nibbles from 5:30-7:30 in the bar. The pool/hot tubs were lovely, and the pool area was invariably deserted despite the temperature being in the high 80s with constant sunshine. We really loved this hotel and would definitely return. It may only be a little cheaper than the well-known casino hotels around the strip, but it is definitely a lot quieter and more pleasant.	
Sep 27 2008 	Very nice!	We stayed here as part of a Wydham timeshare. This hotel is very nice and clean. Staff is very nice. The breakfast is great and all free. Good water pressure, very quite. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 19 2008 	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed for almost a week; part business &amp; the rest pleasure. Hotel staff was very accomodating with every request. Shuttle was usually available to take us where we wanted to go. Breakfast was a perfect selection of fresh food. Pool area was enjoyable; the waterfall was very relaxing and towels were plentiful.Peaceful to come back to the hotel at night since it was away from the hustle &amp; bustle of the Strip. The Hard Rock Hotel &amp; Casino is just a walk across the street if so desired. Overall we enjoyed our stay.	
Sep 13 2008 	Good value at the Embassy	We were going to Vegas to celebrate a &quot;big&quot; birthday and were going to stay in a strip hotel. However, after considering all things, we opted for the Embassy Suites and made the right decision. We based our decision on the following: 1. We like to be able to park our car and not walk through a casino to our room. 2. We are big breakfast eaters and like to return to our room following breakfast. The breakfast at the ES offered anything a restaurant would and it was so convenient They even had Starbucks coffee.3. My husband likes to work out and the gym/workout rooms at the big casino hotels charge a per diem of $20-$25 , while the ES gym was nicely equipped and free.4. The social hour was a nice &quot;extra&quot;, although we weren't always there at that time. The staff was very nice and friendly and the location couldn't be beat. I was a little worried when we first checked in because the ES was right in the flight path for most of the airlines. However, surprisingly, you weren't all that aware of it once in your room. We would definitely stay here again!!!!	
Aug 15 2008 	Had a nice time	This is the perfect non-gaming hotel. It is only a few blocks from the Strip for those in your group who want to see the casinos but otherwise it is a nice break from all the chaos. Breakfast was served quickly despite large groups of athletic teams staying at the same time. Front desk staff very helpful in giving directions. Rooms were clean, attrractive - Embassy chain has made huge improvements in their fitness centers. The gym was great.	
Jul 10 2008	Off-strip (1 mile away) non-gaming but comfortable 	Typical Embassy Suites (Atrium, Cook to order breakfast, all suite, Manager's reception in the evening although I have seen better) that is not too far from the strip. Walking distance to some of the strip casinos. They have an hourly shuttle but I never took it. Call for a cab in advance particularly on the weekends. Friendly staff. Affrodable.The negatives are that the hotel is pretty old - includes sheets, bathroom fixtures, carpet etc. Location is not ideal if you want to be close to the strip.	
Jun 28 2008	loved it!	We had a wonderful stay at Embassy Suites. Staff very courteous and helpful. Free shuttle van to strip. Walking, it would take about half an hour. Happy '2' hours every night any drink you wanted+titbits. Accomodation was very good my son especially liked the large tv's. Good on-site dining and ample free breakfast cooked to order. Lovely pool area.	
Jun 21 2008 	Super Stay	We picked this hotel based upon discovering TripAdvisor. Although the reviews set the bar quite high, our experience exceeded our expectations.This hotel is extremely family friendly. At the restaurant, when my wife brought the baby and our toddler for breakfast (while the rest of the family slept in, the staff stayed at the table with the kids while she put her breakfast on her tray.Poolside, and all over the hotel, the staff was great, and we all raved about our experience on the drive back to Los Angeles. We shall return.	
Jun 5 2008 	Did not live up to expectations	We stayed at this property for 2 nights June 2-4. Paid for one night, used Hilton Honors points for 2nd night. I was looking forward to ending a 12 day vacation at this property, and ended up being disappointed. Below are pros and cons:Cons:1. Partly selected this property because of the nice outdoor pool area. Then the Health Department closed the pool our only whole day there (it was still closed upon checkout June 4). That in itself raises some concerns about the pool service. The management offered to shuttle us to the other Embassy Suites to use their pool. We chose to drive ourselves, and my kids did enjoy the indoor pool, but it was not nearly as nice as the Swenson property. 2. We were in room 624 - NOT an updated room, although my mother-in-law in 626 had an updated room (flat screen TV's, newer entertainment centers). Do I really care about watching a nice TV in Vegas? No. But why is one room updated, the other not, both on the Hilton Honors floor?3. A/C issues - both nights we had problems with the room getting stuffy and the air not running properly. Tried turning down the temp - not much happened. Not great sleeping conditions.4. Walls are thin between rooms. Each morning I heard the phone ringing for my neighbors wake up call (AT 5:45!) and then could clearly hear their cell phone ringing several times - I even got out of bed thinking it was my phone ringing.PROS1. As others have said, the breakfast service is great. Nice selection, plus the cooks are personable and efficient. 2. Beds are very comfortable, and the rooms are spacious (the reason we chose this hotel). Nice large refrigerator and microwave, in case you have leftovers from one of the fancy restaurants in Vegas. 3. Parking is easy and a short walk to your hotel room. I like that there is no casino, especially when traveling with teenagers. 4. Location is good, and although I did not use their casino shuttle, it was nice to have it as an option. Would I stay here again? I would probably give them another chance. But this trip did not work out the way I had hoped.	
Jun 2 2008 	Close to the strip but way better!	I have stayed at this Embassy twice. Both times were excellent experiences. I like the fact that is very close to the strip but that it does not have a casino. This latest trip we were there on business but easily walked to dinner at Treasure Island and a show at the Mirage Saturday night. it is an easy 15 mnute walk to the strip at the intersection where the Fashion Show Mall and Wynn are. The rooms are very spacious, clean and the staff are all very cutomer oriented. I like that you can park near and don't have the 30 minute walks fom the parking lot to the hotel at the typical strip hotel.Toss in breakfast and happy hour and count me delighted!	
May 3 2008 	Bed Bugs Are In This Hotel!!!	BED BUGS!!!DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. I WOKE UP WITH LITERALLY 60 BED BUG BITES ON ME. I WAS IN ROOM 620.I DEMANDED MY ROOM BE COMPEDThe front desk reps acted like it was no big deal. I went to a skin doctor when I came back home and she confirmed they were bed bug bites!!!!!!!!!!!!	
May 2 2008 	Great Accomodations but Unbelievably Great Staff	When I booked my vacation.. Embassy Suites was #20 in Vegas on Tripadvisor, it is now #8, and I can DEFINITELY see why. Other hotels can have all the amenities they want, at this property, the staff are unlike any others I have every came across, and I work in the business!Greeted when we walked in with a smile, William (Front Desk Supervisor) was incredibly helpful not only with getting us checked in promptly, but with our questions of the nearest casino, shuttle services, the resort ammenities. He was a dream employee, I kid you not, and Embassy Suites should be thankful they have someone like him.Next was our room, located on the 6th floor (newly renovated from what William told us). This room had everything we needed and a very nice layout. Two large flat screen TV's, microwave, kitchen sink, refrigerator, if we were staying longer than we were (2 nights) we could have made our breakfasts.. but wait.. they were free!We didn't take advantage of the complimentary hot breakfast the first day, however the second we did. And like I read on another review, these guys wowed us. Although there was a line-up, it went fast, and the chefs (2 of them) were very quick and extremely accommodating to all requests I noticed in the line.Managers Hour was for a few hours in the evening and included some appetizers, as well as free drinks. What a treat! A great way to start the evening off in my opinion, which is what we did both nights we were there. Finally, I have to mention the staff again. They REALLY do make a difference in your stay. Ralph (the hotel Ambassador) never left the lobby floor when people were around, and you could see him constantly speaking to guests and I can tell you that he spoke to us on many occasions just to make sure all was going ok and to make small talk, an incredible, incredible way to make someone feel welcome and at home. The shuttle drivers were also incredible helpful. What I thought were set schedules to and from the strip and airport, became 'where do you want to go?' and 'I can pick you up after', as we took advantage of their wonderful services, I tipped as much as a cab would have taken I'm sure, but in my opinion, these guys were worth it.Overall, I must say, it was one of the most memorable stays I've every had. And I would recommend and re-recommend this property as a choice place to stay in Vegas, even if it is a few minutes off the strip!	
Apr 21 2008 	A Jewel In The Desert One Of The Best!!!!	We stayed at Embassy Suites on Swenson last month to attend a conference and have a short vacation. This stay was a completely positive experince. Cristina, the meeting manager was very helpful to our group, the front desk staff were helpful in getting me directions to other locations, and eveyone greeted us with a smile. I've stayed at Hilton Grand Vacation and the Embassy Suites on Paradise in the past, and they have nothing on Embassy Suites Las Vegas. The hotel also has just completed the their renovations and the suites are welcoming... even have flat screen tvs. The outdoor pool is an oasis in itself. Highly recommend.	
Apr 21 2008 	Can't praise it enough	My husband and I stayed at the Embassy Suites for 8 nights in early April. After a long flight and getting lost on our way to the hotel (since we forgot to print directions), we checked in and were given a 6th floor room (which is reserved for Hilton Honors members) facing Swenson right next to the elevator. Because I had read negative comments about being right near the elevator and hearing planes, I was a little skeptical. To my delight, I never heard anyone in the hallway or at the elevator, and was never woken by a plane (and I'm a light sleeper). In fact, even during the day we hardly ever heard planes overhead.Ralph went out of his way to welcome us and greet us every morning during breakfast, and evening at the manager's reception. All the staff was friendly, and at least attempted to be helpful (we asked for directions and we were sent completely in the wrong direction). :)The breakfast is amazing. I had cooked to order omelets, pancakes or French toast every morning. The grill cooks are efficient and the food is wonderful. We only had more than a couple minute wait the first day when we got in line behind a group that was staying at the hotel for a convention.The facility is very well cared for and the rooms are very comfortable. The beds were better than most hotels.Throughout our week there were always conferences going on, and lots of kids running around, but they never disturbed us. Even the 10-18 yr. old cheerleaders were well behaved and kept in their own row of rooms several floors below us.The &quot;restaurant&quot; is in the atrium. It is sort of segmented off, but it definitely doesn't work for the upscale atmosphere I would like in a more expensive restaurant. We had lunch there one day, and a light dinner another evening- the Strawberry Chicken Salad is heaven. The one thing that was consistently negative was that the service was extremely slow. We didn't have plans to go anywhere, so it didn't matter, but it was still a nuisance.The pool area and fitness center are exceptional. The gift shop is a joke. Go to a real souvenir shop and save yourself lots of money (two postcards with stamps cost me over $7).As we were preparing to leave, we were offered the chance to store our luggage in the bell closet until our plane left several hours after we checked out.All in all, I would rebook with this hotel in a heartbeat. Being away from the strip, but within a 5 minute drive was great. We could get away from the hustle and bustle when we were ready to relax, and had a great time while we were there.	
Apr 21 2008 	Ideal get away from the hustle and bustle	We stayed at the Embassy suites for 4 nights. Initially I was afraid that we would be too far out of things but the hotel offers a free shuttle bus to the strip every hour (and also one to the airport). The driver will pick you up at other times if you require. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here and feel the choice not to stay on the strip was the correct one. We visited several hotels and found them too big. The queues to check in /out were long and I found the atmosphere a bit anonymous. On the other hand we saw our hotel manager several times during our visit. He mucked in clearing tables etc if required. I liked the family feel to this hotel. The kids loved the pool and we used it as a way to break up out day. The adults loved the mangers reception with free drinks and snacks between 5.30 -7.30. The cook to order breakfast is fabulous with omlettes with several fillings to pancakes and waffles. There is also a hot buffet or fresh fruit, cereal, pastries. Really great value for families. Our kids loved the resident swans and got to feed them. The accomodation was very good with 2 LCD TV's. I was annoyed however by the table in the centre of the room which was an obstruction when preparing the sofa bed for the kids every night. The room had a safe and fridge. If i was visiting Las Vegas again I would definately stay there again. We did hear some noise from the planes but not enough to be a problem.	
Apr 15 2008 	Fabulous!!!	Wonderful family hotel! Every staff member from the front desk to the maids were helpful and friendly! Ralph was especially helpful during our stay. Room had 2 flat screens, fridge, and microwave which is WAY more than you get in some of the &quot;on the stip&quot; hotels. Breakfast was PERFECT - and the chef had a great sense of humor. Happy hour was better than some of the other Embassy hotels we have stayed at. Pool was clean and there were always towels available. I just can't say enough about how great of a value this hotel is!	
Apr 2 2008 	Great Hotel - Great Service	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nites with our 2kids. Here are the things we liked about the hotel.1. Best exercise room ever for a htl. Great elypticals and treadmills with cardio theatre on each machine. Good free weights. Just an outstanding exercise room. Even provided earphones for the tv's.2. Breakfast was great. If you were a little later in the A.M. the line for omelets was a little long but you could go to the separate station for scrambled eggsand bacon and continental with no waiting. A+ service down there.3. Nice van service to both airport and the strip that ran once an hour. Definitely take the van to the strip and not your car. The strip is wall to wall cars all day and is absolutely no fun to drive at all in. Don't bring car to strip!!!4. Occasionally I could hear a plane from the airport but for the most part the hotel was really quiet considering how close to airport it is and the fact there were a bunch of kids in the htl for spring break.6. The suite was really nice with great flat screen tv's and lots of channels. The living room seemed a little smaller than some embassies but not much.5. My kids loved the 2 swans in the lobby. Also, loved the fresh .lemon water in the lobby. Nice touch6. The help at the front desk was first rate. I had a couple of requests that I called down for and they responded very quickly.When we would come back in for the evening the help at the front desk would always welcome us back which was a nice touch.7. Had dinner in the restaurant and that too was great.I have stayed in many embassy suites over the years and this one is as good as it gets.8. I enjoyed the free internet and printing in the lobby. They only had one computer but there was big sign saying there was a 15min. max. time so the computer was free much of the time.If I had one wish it would have been to have a little more heat in the outdoor pool. They said it was heated but it was mighty cold in that pool.If you are looking for a non gaming htl this is a great option.	
Mar 28 2008 	Excellent Stay!	Stayed one night a the ES Airport on Swenson after coming in on a late flight with family. Our room was ready and waiting, paperwork complete, which was much appreciated at 2:30 a.m. (I had alerted the hotel to our late arrival, and the necessity of two queens, non-smoking with family along.) We were on a Hilton Honors guest floor. Breakfast was wonderful--made to order omelettes with fresh ingredients, awesome french toast, fruit, juices etc. Lots of choice and volume, along with excellent quality! The cooks were entertaining and skilled--full of good humor and pleasant morning conversation. Don't forget to tip them--they deserve it! The pool area was great! Plenty of lounges, pretty waterfall area with a walk-through cave, access to sun and shade. Our son enjoyed seeing the swans inside the lobby. Great option for families and value-conscious travelers who still want quality.	
Mar 26 2008 	Just your average hotel ...	In another city (a smaller one), this hotel would probably receive a better rating from me. This hotel just cannot compare to magnificant hotels in Vegas. The room was just your standard room, but no pay per view. The rooms do have microwaves, refrigerators, and free wifi. Although newly remodeled, it was still just okay. The shuttle, although free, was not that reliable. In fact, we called from the strip to get a ride back and the person could not tell me where to meet the shuttle. The breakfast and manager's reception are a huge plus. The concrete around the pool is extremely slippery. So if you have kids, use caution. The elevators are _really_ slow. Walking distance to a variety of restaurants. Overall it was just your average hotel, nothing wrong...nothing extremely exciting. I stayed at this hotel for a class, otherwise I would have been on the strip.	
Jan 29 2008 	Awsome	We just returned from Embassy Suites, after many visits to Las Vegas this hotel was a breathe of fresh air. It had made to order breakfast, which was very good. They had a gift store, pool, gym, bar and restaurant. In the evening they had a managers reception which had snacks, finger foods and drinks. They have a shuttle bus that would take you to the airport and to the strip. The drop off and pick up area is at the Planet Hollywood shops. The shuttle ends at 10 pm. There is a small mini strip mall around the corner with a Johanny Rockets, pizza place, CVS drug store and a few other stores. Hard Rock Cafe is about a block away. A must see!Our room had a micro, fridge and sink in the living room area. 2 flat screen tvs, wireless internet. The suite was very nice. This is my first time staying off the strip and I would stay here again the next time I visit. I highly recommend this hotel. It was a perfect stay in Vegas!	
Jan 22 2008 	Fantastic!	For our first trip to Vegas, the Embassy Suites on Swenson was wonderful! The hotel was quiet and very clean. The free made to order breakfast was great. I do recommend getting in line early, though.... But it must be said that every last patron was served even if the hours of operation had been surpassed. The manager, Gina, was superb! She helped us with directions and all the staff were friendly and more than willing to be of service. Their shuttle to the Strip does end early (10:00pm) but it's not far if you need to take a cab. The hotel is within safe walking distance to the Hard Rock Cafe and Casino (a must visit!) We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and often comment that when we go back, we'd stay at the Embassy Suites again.	
Dec 5 2007 	Warning	WARNING--The hotel is currently under construction and they do not let you know this. The outside is being painted and all of the windows are covered. We only stayed one night and the front desk suggested we park our vehicle on the south side of the hotel. We parked under a light for extra security. That night someone broke into our vehicle and ripped out the DVD overhead monitor and player and went throught the entire vehicle. The front desk said they had security but they don't. Because of the contrustruction there is no way to see someone breaking into your vehicle and the thieves know this. The hotel management will not return telephone calls. You are better of f spending a little more for a more secure area because it certainly costs more when you have to replace things. My youngest son still can not sleep in his own bed because he is still scared. When we reported it to the front desk they said that they bring in their stereo equipment when they get to work so this isn't the first time this has happened. On a positive note, the breakfast was really good.	
Nov 20 2007 	Great hotel for being off-strip	We stayed at the Embassy Suites on Swenson Nov. 4 thru Nov. 10. Check-in was easy, we arrived at 11:00am, and although our room wasn't ready, they checked our bags and we wandered over to the Hard Rock. Came back in a couple hours and our room was ready. The room was great, nice sized suite, very clean and comfy.The breakfast was awesome, great way to start your day in Vegas. They have a shuttle running every hour to the strip. The only bad thing about that is that the last pick-up of the night from the strip is 10:00pm, so we had to take a taxi back in the evenings. But the taxi was only about $6, so not bad. They also have another shuttle that runs to the airport. Very convenient.Overall, I'd recommend staying here if you don't mind being off the strip.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great stay!! AWESOME breakfast	My wife and I loved this hotel. Though we were only there for 2 days, it was a great experience. First, although check-in wasn't until 3 pm, when we pulled in at 11 am, there was no problem checking us in early. We then went to the pool, while it was still warm. The pool was very clean and because of the time of day, it was relatively quiet. There were also several smaller spas surrounding the pool, some semi-secluded, some open. The rooms were very nice and clean. The best was the breakfast! There was made to order omellettes, pancakes, french toast, hashbrowns, plus all the regular continental breakfast stuff. It was soooo wonderful. I still fondly remember it and tell everyone about it when I discuss our trip. All in all, a great trip. I would recommend this hotel to anyone! This trip we didn't take our kids, but I would definitely considering staying here with them next time!	
Oct 6 2007 	Great start of the Honeymoon	After a long flight we arrived about 4 hours later than planned in Vegas to start our honeymoon, I was greeted with my last name by the clerk when I entered the lobby, they had a suite on the 6th floor with &quot;strip view&quot; reserved for us, the view was actually really good, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Hard Rock blocked of a bit but you could se the top of Paris, Bally's, Wynn, the Platinum, and of course Terribles.The suite was nicely decorated and newly renovated, nice flat screen TV’s in both living room and bedroom, nice sofa and one of the best hotel beds we ever slept in. The fridge was big plus for us, always nice to have cold beverages of choice within in reach. The bathroom was a bit on the small side but served it purpose well.Location was very good, The Strip just minutes away with a car, cab fare about 8$ + tip. Lot of shops and store at Maryland Parkway also just minutes away, close to the airport.The pool was nicer than expected, towels provided, lot of chairs. Breakfast was really good, omelettes made to order, cereal, bread and fresh fruit. Manager’s reception at 5 pm was pretty nice, free beer, wine and drinks but a bit rowdy (40-50 yrs old Americans taking advantage of free beer, wine and booze, lol).Only bad thing to remark was that our room was close to the elevator, but that's all to complain about. Will I stay here again? YES, if I ever go back to Vegas.	
Sep 18 2007 	Great accomadations	My husband and I stayed here on for our first trip to Veags. The hotel offers a free shuttle service every hour to the Planet Hollywood hotel on the strip and will take you to the airport when you checkout. However, they do not pick you up from the airport when you arrive. Rooms were cozy and clean. Breakfeast was very good, and free! Staff was friendly and was willing to answer questions. We would stay here again.	
Sep 2 2007	Fantastic Breakfast	This hotel is relatively inexpensive considering the whole package available so is a good choice for off strip. The rooms are nice and include a separate sitting area. The pool and spa are pleasant enough. The real plusses though are the excellent free breakfast, the happy hour (a good range and some nibbles)and the shuttle to and from the strip.	
Jul 23 2007	Great Place to stay away from home!	Me and a male friend stayed at the Embasst Suites off Swenson Rd, The hotel was very nice and clean and the staff was wonderful. We had no problems at all. Most of all, the hotel cooked breakfast each morning which was awesome and helped us save alot of time and money so that we did not have to go out to eat breakfast. The also had a managers special which was very good for drinkers to have a nice time at the hotel instead of going out for a drink. It is also great for non-gamblers to have a nice time at the room. The room was very spacious for two. I had a GREAT TIME at the Embassy and I would encourgage others to stay here!	
Jul 20 2007 	inexpensive but great quality	my husband and i received a paid stay for four days at a hotel of our choice (of course within a certain category) just for buying new windows for our home. we paid minimally for the airfare and our feeding at the hotel but their breakfast buffet is the best. Our view was not the best considering construction was going on just beyond the pool and the busy streets which is most of what we could see but for FREE, hey you cannot beat that. just watch out though, everyone in Vegas is trying to sell u a timeshare	
Jul 12 2007 	Close to airport and freeway access off-the-strip serenity	If you like to get away from the craziness of the Strip, but want to be within walking distance, we recommend the Embassy Suites. Close to the airport and across the street from the Hard Rock Casino. We stayed there on our Hilton points (for free), so I can't speak much about the cost. I would imagine it's fairly expensive.Quiet and peaceful rooms, despite the proximity to the airport. We went to an absolutely awesome sushi place in the strip mall a few doors up from the hotel - walking distance. Kaizen Sushi - YUM! The pool at this hotel was great and uncrowded - red rocks, waterfalls, nice landscaping, big pool, quiet shaded nooks here and there. Very nice. Loved the free breakfast in the morning and free cocktails in the evening, especially since Vegas has gotten so expensive. Clean, large two room suite. There was free wireless internet in the atrium and lobby area, but you had to pay for it if you wanted to use it in your room. No biggie for us, since there were ample cocktail tables and chairs available in public areas. When we were there, it happened to be the same week as the Country Music Awards. We soon found out that the hotel was full of families of soldiers who'd lost their lives in the Iraq war. Country Star Tim McGraw had flown them in to take part in a special song he sang at the awards. Needless to say, we met a ton of wonderful people who had a lot of sad stories to tell. And we saw Tim McGraw himself, who visited the hotel to meet the families, sign autographs, and take photos. We ended up going to the CMAs unplanned, and had a great time. This was a special, unforgettable visit.There are two swans that live in the indoor fountain/pond in the atrium. I think their names were Elvis and Priscilla? It was a nice touch, and they didn't hiss at people. They were very well behaved, for swans.	
Jun 7 2007	Oasis!	We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We were four people and we would all stay here again. The atmoshphere was friendly and relaxing.Hard to believe you get a complimentary cocktail hour and full serve breakfast - and the cooks at breakfast were so nice!This is a hotel that says &quot;Hello, we are very glad to have your business!&quot; I also appreciated an email from them asking us how our stay was.Maybe we were just lucky, but we never heard an airplane in our rooms. Nice pool too!We actually enjoyed our stay here and felt much more welcomed here than at the end of our vacation when we stayed at the Bellagio!	
Jun 3 2007 	Peaceful atmosphere Excellent location	Overview: We found this to be a very pleasant, peaceful retreat not far from the Strip. After visiting all of the large casino's and hotels, we were very happy to return to the Embassy, where there were no large crowds milling about, no loud music or games, and we could park our car right outside the hotel door. The airplane noise was very muffled and did not disturb us at all. We would definitely stay here again on a future trip.Accomodations: The sitting room was fairly spacious with a comfortable couch, chair and desk. There was a good sized refrigerator and lots of counter space in the kitchen area. The bathroom was large, although it could have used more counter space. The beds were comfortable. One note that might be of interest to those with families: although the sleeping area and the sitting area were separated somewhat by the kitchen and bathroom area, there was no door closing off the bedroom. Both the public and private areas of the hotel were kept very clean.Food: The free breakfast was good. One caution is that the line for the cooked to order portion of the food can get a bit long towards the end of the breakfast hours. We also ordered room service a couple of times for dinner and were happy with our meals. The food was tasty, the portions were large and the price was reasonable, especially considering the price of food in general in Vegas. The selection of food offered at their evening happy hour was also excellent, better than in most of the Embassy properties at which we have stayed. Each night the selection included vegetables and dip, cheese and crackers, popcorn and one hot item such as meatballs or fried mushrooms.Location: With our rental car, we found it very easy to visit any of the casinos on the Strip and parking was never a problem. The Hard Rock Hotel and Casino is across the street behind the Embassy, a very short walk away.	
May 2 2007	Nice hate the airplane noise	This Embassy Suites is excellent when it comes to cleanliness, breakfast (free and one of the best in Vegas IMHO), happy hour, and customer service.What I didn't like was being woken up by airplane noise 8 nights in one night. There isn't a lot that this hotel can do about that, but you need to be forewarned..maybe it was the location of the room and others won't?I constantly stay at Embassy Suites..I am a Hilton Honors member and seek to stay whenever I travel at a ES.	
Apr 28 2007	Better than I expected	I have mixed opinions about Embassy Suites hotels and I was not sure what to expect from this one . However, I was pleasantly surprised. I arrived and checked in quickly. I was allocated a suite with a king sized bed on the 6th floor, which is the last floor and has been allocated for the Hilton HHonors card members. The building has 2 elevators on one end and 1 oddly for the other end. My room was a comfortable one and had a small living room with a working desk and a sofa cum bed. It led into the bed room with a king size bed. The bed covers were bright and appeared very new. A good bonus was the complimentary high speed wired internet access. Breakfast was complimentary as well and was served from 7 am onwards in the restaurant and had a reasonable selection of hot and cold items- the usual fare seen in all Embassy Suites properties. The cocktail hour had a good choice of hot snacks as well like spring rolls, burritos , meatballs etc served daily from 5-7pm. The staff were very friendly and ready to assist. Check in and check out could also be done by a self service machine placed near the reception which i was more than happy to use. It could also print out boarding passes for a variety of airlines. Overall i found this property a very good one for those who prefer a home like atmosphere without and casinos etc. Its not too far off from the strip although you need a car to drive there. Fro that matter the hotel occupancy was near full for the entire week i stayed there.	
Apr 26 2007 	Great choice	This place was good all around...The staff was very friendly, the room was perfectly clean, the pool is a little on the small side, but very well kept. every evening form i think 5 to 7 is coctail hour, and they serve free beers and some other drinks, so that is kinda fun, and I cannot say enough about their breakfast! It is made to order, and the cooks are so great and fast, they just get it done, and they do a superb job with it all. I visited this place with my hubby and 2 babies, and so we are not the partying, clubbing type...we just wne to vegas basically so see that architecture, so this place was perfect for us...not too far off the strip, but far enough to be quiet and peaceful. Great place to stay! Oh yeah, and they have 2 swans that just hang out in there, and their maintenance guy let my son feed them lettuce, so he was super excited about that. I can not say enough about how friendly the workers were...everyone from the cleaning ladies to the maintenance guy.	
Apr 14 2007 	Another great Embassy Suites stay	Our family of 5 had a great two day stay here in April 2007. Located across the street from the UNLV campus, and far enough away from the strip to provide relaxation when needed. The amenities are just perfect for weary parents with children: the terrific complimentary breakfast, the great pool, the complimentary evening managers reception. The rooms are large enough for the family to spread out and relax. Despite the disconcerting proximity of jets landing at the airport, my sleep was never disturbed by noise. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 6 2007	Great Value and Recommended	We stayed at this property for three nights and were very impressed. It is located off the strip and away from the crowds. They have a shuttle which can drop you off at the Aladdin every hour and also free shuttle to the airport. The room itself was large and very comfortable. Bathroom was clean and large. The breakfast is awesome and can be cooked or continental, all is included in the price! When there, say hello to Elvis and Priscilla (2 swans who live in the hotel atrium). In relation to aircraft noise, there is some but nothing too noisy. There are many hotels closer to the airport (including the Mandalay which is 3 times the price, and that is right across the road from the airport!)Thoroughly recommended for families as it is in a quiet area of a very lively city.!	
Feb 5 2007 	Great Off Strip Hotel	I've stayed at Embassy Suites in New York, a few times and this one is equally good.There's a complimentary breakfast, cooked to order, although the queue can be quite long, so we stuck to the buffet.There's 2 hours of complimentary drinks in the evening and you were able to take the drinks to your room. There's also free coffee throughout the day.As with all Embassy Suites hotels, the rooms are very big, with bedroom, living room and kitchen area and two televisions. They are also clean and comfortable, although the sofa bed was a little lumpy. We chose this hotel because it was one of the few, in Vegas, that had 3 beds (2 double bed in the bedroom and 1 double sofa bed in the living room).There's a free gym and free in room internet access, if you bring a laptop.It's off the strip, which can be good or bad. It's nice to get away from it all, but if you're going to be partying on the strip every night, you might be better off staying there.The staff were friendly and helpful. The only down side is that the free strip shuttle bus only runs once an hour, so we ended up getting a taxi most of the time ($6-10).I would definitely recommend this hotel for families and people wanting 3 separate beds, like a group of 3 adult friends.	
Feb 5 2007	Embassy on Swenson a four star stay	My wife and I have a timeshare at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club on the Vegas Strip, and we are also Hilton Honors members. Just want to you to know up front whether we have a &quot;dog in this fight&quot;! We hadn't the opportunity to stay at an Embassy Suite, and we were very pleasantly surprised by this property. We had one glitch during our stay, they missed a return shuttle from the Aladdin, but the front desk comped us a cab ride back, so we were very pleased by that swift make up call. The breakfast is hearty, plentiful, and cooked with a positive morning gusto! The hotel atrium, which the hotel rooms face inward to, is peaceful, quiet, and a welcomed sight after the &quot;hustle&quot; of the Strip. Excellent place for a family or business traveler who wants to avoid casinos. And for me, a perfect oasis for a trip with golfing buddies... hmmm May need to discuss that with the better half!Happy trails	
Feb 2 2007	Embassy Suites was Awesome!!!!!!!!!!	We stayed here 4 nights, and we were very impressed with this hotel!! We didnt hear a single plane during our stay, so the airport being nearby didnt matter. The staff was always friendly and went out of the way if you needed anything!! As always the breakfast was awesome!! The kitchen staff was humerous and paid attention to detail. We stay at Embassy Suites on a regular basis , and this one met our every expectation!! We highly reccomend this location if you want to be close to the Vegas action, but stay where its quiet at the end of your day. We will return to this location on our next stay in Vegas.	
Jan 31 2007	Highly recommended quiet hotel	I stayed here with 2 friends from 28th December for 5 nights. The suite was a comfortable size for the three of us. We had 2 double beds and a sofabed. What I liked best was the quiet aptmosphere of the hotel, even over the busy New Year. To stay in a non-gaming hotel like this is quite a relief after a day on the strip. There is a shuttle to the strip, but we used taxi's the whole time, which the front desk will call for you - or you can walk the 5 minutes to the Hard Rock Hotel &amp; Casino where they come by often. A taxi to the strip was usually about £6. The hotel lobby is pleasant and we took advantage of the free drinks and snacks at the bar each evening from 5-7pm. The complimentary breakfast was good - I enjoyed the yogurt, toast, fruit and donuts. The breakfast area amoung the palm trees was pleasant, but you could take food back to your room if you wanted. This hotel is ideal if there are 3 of you - it is hard to find any hotel on the strip that can accomodate you. We also stayed at Harrah's on the strip which was fine, but the room at the Embassy Suites was superior. There are some shops close by the Embassy Suites, including a CVS chemist which stocks most things you might need. You are also only a mile away from TJ Maxx and Target - which are good for bargain shopping. We had a laptop computer with us so we were able to make use of the free internet in the room. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the swans Elvis &amp; Priscilla are a nice touch!	
Dec 1 2006 	Great food drinks and value for off-strip suite hotel	This is the Embassy Suites on Swenson Road (back parking is across the street on Paradise from the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino). If you have a rental car, this is a great location. Cabs are a little hassle in Vegas and can be expensive if you come and go.The free drinks for guests start at 5:30 and full breakfast in the morning make this a great value. Suite rooms are fully decked out. If you are a business traveller in Vegas, this is a great place away from the noise of a Casino hotel.	
Sep 25 2006 	Beautiful hotel wonderful service close to the strip 	We loved this hotel and will stay here again if we ever return to Vegas!We booked our stay at this hotel directly through the Embassy Suites website for the same rate as all the 'discount' websites, plus we got a free large pizza, 4 free drinks, free breakfast daily, AND free alcoholic beverages between 5 and 7 each night (my husband took full advantage of this, but I am pregnant and stuck to the free sprite and water!) ;) This hotel is outstanding! It is within minutes of the strip (but would be quite a long distance to walk, so they offer a complimentary shuttle to The Aladdin hotel on the strip each hour, and by the way, the shuttle driver was an incredible friendly retired gentlemen who gave us some wonderful tips, as we were first-time visitors of Vegas)! The service at the hotel was exceptional, we were there 4 days and saw the same woman and young man working each time, and every time they were very friendly; always greeting us with a smile and were quick to help and answer questions! The restaurant staff was also very nice and were quick to clear the tables after we finished breakfast each morning. My husband did have a small issue with the girl who worked in the hotel store-he handed her a $20 and she seemed irritated and asked if he had anything smaller, he apologized and said &quot;no&quot; and she made some comment about him wiping out her cash drawer-we found it amusing considering it was Vegas and the majority of people were carrying around $100's and she was upset about a measely $20 bill. The room itself was very clean and spacious. We took advantage of the free in-room internet. The maid service was great and we always returned to a clean room with a perfectly made bed and fresh towels. Personally, my only complaint (and this is a small one) is that the bathtub is extremely, extremely slippery (no big deal because we are in our mid-20's and good shape, except that I am pregnant, and a fall could have resulted in a trip to the hospital for me and could have changed the course of our vacation drastically). While on our honeymoon we stayed in various hotels (including Marriott's and Hilton's) and although this hotel wasn't as luxurious as some of those we stayed in, the service and the &quot;extras&quot; at this hotel (free breakfast, free drinks from 5-7, etc) were by far the best!! We would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone who wants the fun atmosphere of Vegas without paying the absurdely high prices of staying at the hotels on the strip. (Oh, and the Hard Rock Hotel, Casino, and Restaurant are right across the street if you want to hang out near the hotel without going down to the strip).Lastly, I wanted to reply to the previous review in regard to the airplanes flying over-head...the name of the hotel is the EMBASSY SUITES HOTEL-AIRPORT...not quite sure what that lady expected? We did not find that the airplanes were loud at all, I am a light sleeper and I was never woken-up by them. To be quite honest, motorcycles can be louder than the planes were!	
Sep 13 2006	Too Close for Comfort	Just returned from Las Vegas where we stayed at the Embassy Suites for 2 nights...a treat for our 2 boys after a long Southwest vacation. We've always enjoyed staying at Embassy Suites. We usually don't splurge, but once in a while, it's worth spending more and we felt this was the perfect treat after having been in many hotels during the vacation.Everything about this property was fine, except for the location...right in the flight path of the incoming airplanes. Normally, I love watching airplanes...honestly, I'd love to work for an airline. However, these airplanes were literally coming in directly above the building. My husband assured me that they were at least 50 feet above the building...I wasn't so sure. This was way too close for comfort. It wasn't even the noise that bothered me, although that was loud...I really was concerned that a plane would be strafing the hotel.	
Sep 7 2006 	Great hideaway from the non-stop life of the Strip	First stop on the family roadtrip, and a 2 night stay to acclimatise before heading off to the Canyon.Great hotel; good-enough suite for 5 of us, brilliant pool, decent food, and (just about) a walk away from the Strip. Okay, so in that heat, we should have taken the free shuttle !!Would highly recommned it for those not into gambling or using Vegas as a staging post for a trip into Utah or Arizona	
Aug 13 2006 	Business Traveler Bargain	I spend a lot of time staying at various Embassy Suites hotels across the U.S. and can say that this hotel holds its own as a quality stay even though it is located away from the strip and in the flight path of landing planes at McCarren Airport.Nothing new to say about the stay here except that it is a typical Embassy Suites inside. The hotel is a little older than most in the chain but holds its age decent. The furnishings and quality of the room were good. Breakfast was great every day and I enjoyed the accomodations for a training classs I attended at the hotel.The only issue I encountered was a problem with Internet access following check in. Fortunately for me, I was moved to a room that had working access and was online within 2 hours of my arrival.	
Jul 16 2006	Loved the Embassy!	We choose the Embassy Suites because we were taking the family toVegas and wanted a non-gaming hotel. We love the energy of Vegasand the sights, there is so much to do that doesn't involve gambling. We wanted a hotel that would still be nice but without a casino to make the kids feel more comfortable. We were not disappointed, this hotel was top notch.Our room had 2 double beds and a separate living room, there was a tvin the living room area and one in the bedroom, how great is that.I must mention that the beds are very comfortable!All the staff we encountered greeted up with friendly smiles.The room was spacious and clean, room service did an excellent job each day.The grounds and pool area was clean. The pool was never too crowded, which made for a great time for the kids.The lobby was beautiful, there is a statue of Elvis in it and a pond with different gold fish and 2 swans, Elvis and Priscilla that the kids loved!The made to order breakfast was excellent, this is a big value if you havea family. The omelets were excellent. The chefs are great cooks!In the evening from 5:30-7-30pm you can get 3 free cocktailsat the bar and free snacks, nachos, popcorn, etc.. The elevators even run fairly quickly, unlike other hotels we've been whereyou have to wait forever on the elevator.Free parking in their parking lot and no parking garage to deal with. We never had a problem finding a parking spot day or night.This area of Vegas seemed fairly safe which is a big plus. After a funday on the strip you can come and escape to peace and quiet.I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 6 2006	Clean relaxing hotel-good for families	Our family liked this hotel a lot---beautiful room--king bed bedroom and then a fold out queen hideabed in 'living room' area. Microwave, refrig, coffeemaker. GREAT breakfast and breakfast chefs-one of them had quite the entertaining personality and the kids loved it. Another staff member invited my younger daughter to help feed the swans. The lobby 'creek' area with the koi fish and the swans is quiet and relaxing. The only down side was the front desk staff, not overly helpful or cheerful.	
Jun 26 2006	great hotel!!	The hotel staff was very friendly and very good to our 4 year old son. Our son loved the swans!!! Great breakfast, nice managers reception!! (both included in room rate!) Rooms were very clean, and the pool area was nice. We would stay again!!!!	
Jun 12 2006	Nice Hotel	Stayed at the Embassy Suite Airport from 6-7 to 6-10 2006. Nice hotel with a great breakfast. This is not your typical hotel breakfast. They make any kind of egg/omlete and french toast and pancakes fresh for you along with fresh fruit, yogurt and bagels. Load up at breakfast and skip lunch!!!!Rooms are very nice and roomy. The complimentary computer hook up is a bonus for buisness travelers. The shuttle runs hourly and takes you to the Aladdin on the strip. Friendly drivers.Problems with the front desk about rooms are resolved quickly.The 2 hr Happy Hour was a great chance to relax and have a drink on the house.I would stay here again.	
May 31 2006	Top notch stay	great place, superb and clean amenities, and polite staff. the complimentary breakfast every morning sure saved a lot of $$$ and kept us going all day. the pool looked great though we never tried it. Overall, it is a definite that we would stay here if we come back this way	
May 26 2006	Nice stay	The complimetary happy hour &amp; made to order breakfast was wonderful. A bigger variety of food offered than I expected for breakfast... Lovely atrium.... It was fun to look at the swans, Elvis &amp; Priscilla. Friendly staff minus one person..... Nice rooms... Quiet place... My only area of improvement to the hotel would be for the shuttle to the strip to run a little longer than the 10:30 pm cut off. But you can always take a cab back to the hotel..... Be weary of the cab drivers.... Some of them will try to get over &amp; take the long way to keep that meter running.	
Apr 14 2006	Comments for Parents with young children	Our children are 7 and 5 years old. They loved the elevators (glass - you can see out into the atrium), the swans (Elvis and Priscilla.) The pool was wonderful. This is a nice hotel and the made to order breakfast is really good. The staff was friendly and helpful. They provided Starbucks coffee every morning by the elevator (free). The fitness room has several treadmills and a small weight deck. No complaints about the hotel or the price. The main comment I have is that the bedroom door does not lock. Apparently some rooms only have an archway between the &quot;living room&quot; and the bedroom. If you are selecting a suite so you can have some privacy this is something to be aware of.	
Feb 19 2006	Clean hotel amenities and service below par	First of all, this hotel was clean and quiet. In the overall hotel quality, it is on par with all the other Embassy Suites I've stayed at. Now for the negatives: There weren't enough towels or pillows in the room for the number of people staying (I booked months in advance, so they should have had that taken care of). The managers reception was good, however they limit the types of drinks and number of mixes. In other words, no Long Islands at the free reception. We asked for a mattress pad for the pull-out bed, and had to ask for it 3 times before it was delivered. The wired in-room internet access didn't have an included ethernet cable, so you need to bring your own. There was no notice of the free wireless internet in the lobby, I had to figure that out on my own. The restaurant isn't exactly full service, and misses some basic amenties (they serve fried shrimp, but no cocktail sauce?). The free shuttle to the strip is nice, but not advertised any place, and isn't always on time. They were over 20 minutes late to pick us up, and the load of people filled the bus. The breakfast in the morning is fantastic. All of the basic breakfast foods are there, cooked to order and delicious.Next time in Las Vegas, I will definitely stay at an Embassy Suites, but not this one.	
Jan 4 2006	2nd time here and all was wonderful!	We did four nights here in May, 05 and it worked out wonderfully, so we decided to stay here again for our shorter visit in December. We arrived early because we had to be out of the Rio by 11:00, but we had no problems checking in early, and our room was exactly as requested, (high floor, near an elevator, king bed) The staff is very helpful, even when we couldn't find the high speed internet connection that was right under the desk. The managers reception is a lot of fun, and the bartender (Day) remembered us from our last visit (over 6 months ago. The free breakfast can't be beat, and is better than a lot of the buffets we have been to. They offer a free shuttle to the strip, so you almost could get away without having a car. All in all, I highly reccomend the Embassy on Swenson. We will be back again!	
Jan 1 2006	Close to everything and staff was wonderful!	We stayed during Christmas week. As luck would have it, the Cal Band was also staying during that time to participate in a bowl game. My wife and I were worried a bit about the potential of young folks being wild and crazy all night. Our worries were for naught and it turned out to be a great stay!We liked the fact that we were close enough to everything, but still had a restaurant if we decided to just hang out. The interior is nice, and the swans that inhabit the pond are delightful.The only challenge that I had was that I couldn't get the internet on my laptop to work during this trip. To the staff's credit, they did make every effort though to get it right and offered to change rooms to one that would. We decided we didn't need access to the net and went about the business of getting married and seeing a few shows.I would come back here for a second visit if I were in Vegas.	
Oct 20 2005	Nice getaway		
Jul 6 2005	Everything you could want		
Mar 17 2005	Clean and Convenient		
Feb 13 2005	Good hotel		
Jan 13 2005	Comfortable and Quiet		
Nov 1 2004	Free Drinks		
Sep 21 2004	What A Great Place To Stay!		
Aug 19 2004	Nice Hotel Loved Elvis and Pricilla!		
Apr 30 2004	Suite place to stay!		
Nov 7 2003	A Good Place T Stay		
Aug 30 2009 	?????????????????		
Aug 28 2009 	Fantástico un gran hotel a buen precio		
Jul 22 2009 	??????		
