Oct 8 2008	Good for a short stay	Stayed overnight after a late flight arriving in Vegas, and were leaving vegas. Just off highway, comfortable room, reasonable free breakfast. I do not think this is a good location to &quot;see&quot; LV but for other purposes it is fine.No trouble with hot water, cleanliness, etc.	
Apr 7 2008 	Horrible Stay	Will never stay here again. No hot water on any of the 3 days we stayed there. Left over soaps and shampoos in the tub and on the sink from the previous person that stayed there. Air conditioner would not cool the room. We roasted at night. Breakfast was just ok, no decaf available though. Internet would not work and front desk clerk was clueless.	
Dec 16 2007 	Never againt!	Booked this motel for 5 nights, on our arrival we were told that the pool was closed for a few days as the owner had to make repairs,then get it inspected before his licence could be renewed! We found out the next day that all the owner had to do was go to city hall to collect his licence, I and other guests badgered the owner every day for 3 days when he eventually went and got it. The pool was filthy and had to be cleaned by guests of the motel. Pool was supposed to be heated but it WAS NOT! I got the impression that neither the owner or his staff couldn't care less.We found the location very noisy with jet fighters constantly flying around all day long as Nellis air force base is just across the Road and is used for jet fighter training! We wished we had picked somewhere closer to the strip as we clocked the distance to be approx 16 miles.The area isn't nice at all and there isn't many restaurants.Definitely could not recommend this motel, its nothing like the description and pictures on their website! The rooms were OK and the wifi worked fine.	
Dec 7 2007 	Liked It - Good Value	I'm usually travelling through Las Vegas on my way to the Southern California coast or returning to Denver. This is my third stay at the Best Western Nellis. I used to stay at a Hampton Inn at Tropicana which is $15 more and has the a full service bar and an In-N-Out Burger across the street. The BW Nellis has a Memphis Championship Barbeque across the street. This is not a Las Vegas rendition of Memphis barbeque, but a barbeque that has been World Champion four times and Grand World Champion three times at the International Memphis in May BBQ Cook-Off- otherwise known as the &quot;Superbowl of BBQ.&quot; It's good! In addtion there is a Super Wal-Mart, the traveler's best friend, a few blocks away. The room is good sized,clean and doesn't smell of disinfectant. They've been recently remodeled with granite counter tops, refrigerators and microvaves. Oddly, no hair dryer. There's down duvet on the bed over a blanket and five big feather pillows. Outside it looks like a 70's motel. which means parking right outside your door. There's a second floor with no elevator. Each room as it's own heating/cooling unit which pretty much drowns out any noise. I originally stayed here because they have the waffle irons that use batter and turn over. A special favorite of mine. Much better than frozen waffles in a toaster. The rest of the breakfast is very light, cold cereal, juice, and coffee.	
Oct 3 2007 	OK until the last day	Stay someplace else.It was OK ~ room was pretty clean, bed was actually comfortable. A little noisy, but that was temporary and not the fault of the hotel. The tribe upstairs was trying to get organized. I can't comment on breakfast as we were never awake before 9 am when it ends.We were to check out on Monday morning at 11 am. On Sunday night I put out the Do Not Disturb on the door. At 9 am housekeeping banged (BANGED LOUDLY) twice! We were still asleep. I opened the door and there was no one there, but the cart was on the sidewalk. The Do Not Disturb was still on the door. I called the Front Desk and threw a screaming fit and they left us alone. We did not leave a tip for Hortencia, the housekeeper whose name was on the envelope left &quot;for our convenience&quot;. (Until that point I had planned to leave one. ) Also, Property Ops was fixing something in the room next door early Monday morning, and Jorge was blowing off the sidewalk when we left at 10. On Sunday night there were approx. 5 total cars on our side of the hotel. The room next to us was booked to a noisy couple who came in at 4 am with a yappy dog. I'd think there would be another room they could have been booked into. The hotel as a whole was OK for the price, but I wouldn't recommend it and I really don't think they care.	
Apr 9 2007 	Not fancy but just great!	The Best Western was clean and comfortable. There is nothing fancy here, but for a good night's rest it was great. The staff was kind, even telling us to let them know if we needed to stay longer than check-out time. The pool was too cold to swim in, but we weren't planning on swimming anyway. Breakfast was good, we would stay here again on our way through Vegas.	
Mar 20 2007 	No hot water!!!	Had the most horrible stay. No hot water that lasted more than 3 minutes each morning. Complained to front desk, said they were aware of it. Never called to take care of it. At check out they said manager would contact me and they never did. Spoke to Corporate on arrival at home and they opened a complaint. They responded back to corporate said there water heater broke was fixed and that they contacted customers. What a lie! They were not willing to refund any of the stay. Corporate ended giving only a $30 travel credit. Per the conversation with front desk upon check out it almost sounded like this happens regularly when they are full! Never staying here again!!!	
Apr 17 2006	Not Bad - Not great	Not a bad place if you want the North end of Vegas. Not near anything. Breakfast was good. We were lucky. we got to breakfast before the &quot;crowd&quot; The lack of space could be a problen. But all in all Nellis is clean, quiet most of the time.[it's near the air base]	
Jul 14 2005	Average	There's nothing special about this place, but there's nothing bad either. The front desk isn't especially helpful and they don't speak English especially well, or understand American expectations about service. There is wireless internet but it's only available from some of the rooms. Our room was on the first floor in about the middle of motel and we did not have wireless. The front lobby is where the breakfast is located and it is small and crowded in the morning. Basically, this is an older motel built before continental breakfasts were common and standard. Wireless was available in the lobby and out in the parking lot. The room rate was $49 when we stayed, and I would say that it's an average place for that rate - but don't pay more.	
Jul 7 2009 	per chi vuole spendere poco a vegas basta prenotare con anticipo		
