May 27 2007 	i was 4 days ago .. .... its fine ...	no its not the four star luxury of the major hotel casinos in vegas .. but i didnt pay three hundred dollars for a room i barely used anyways like i did the night before . i saw not a single bug .. and had the back window open all night and no garbage truck pulled up . this was on a monday night .. its an older motel but the room was clean .. the property kept up . the only thing i could see is in the hot summer the a /c unit may not be good enough .	
Mar 26 2006	No Sleep Here!!!!!	I picked this place after 30 hrs of driving time to Vegas. I was exhausted and you'd think I'd sleep like a log. NOT!!!! During the night 5 different dumpster trucks backed up to the dumpsters located behind the hotel. If you don't mind the &quot; beep, beep, beep&quot; of trucks backing up or the noise their hydraulics make lifting the bin ( the diesel engine also revs during this part ) or the noise they make when they bang the dumpster 5 times to make sure its empty then this may not bother you....however it drove me insane. Just as I would start to drift off ..yet another truck came by to empty the next bin.The guy at the front desk did not seem surprised regards my complaint and was short about the fact that he had no control of the situation.AVOID THIS PLACE!!!!!!	
Sep 11 2005	You get what you pay for . . .	This hotel was cheap, and on the Strip (northern Strip, right across from the Stratosphere) . . . but boy, was it seedy. It had a 24-hour pool, but you couldn't have paid me to go in! I killed two roaches during a two-day stay. If you're looking for a place that's on the strip and CHEAP, this place is it -- and it does have free parking -- but it's a pit, no two ways about it. My boyfriend wasn't as offended by the roaches and general seedy atmosphere, so perhaps if you're a group of guys going to Vegas and you're looking for nothing more than a cheap bed and shower so you can blow money at the tables, this might be your place. I do NOT recommend it for a romantic vacation. I felt a bit like a &quot;working girl&quot; after a couple nights in this place!	
Sep 23 2008 	Das Motel etwas älter jedoch sehr sauber und günstig.		
