Jun 12 2009 	Cheap and poorly maintained	Whilst the hotel was located close to the airport and is very cheap it was also somewhat shabby with some poor fixtures and fittings including noisy and uneffective air-conditioning. The bedroom was however spacious and the bed comfy, and we were given a free ride to the airport.	
Jun 3 2009 	Dishonest and unprepared for their guests	My husband, sister-in-law and I reserved a room together but had to drive around the hugecuty block several times before we were able to locate the entrance. They have two lobbies but only use the one in the back that is difficult to locate/find, there are no signs indicating that there is a second loby either.When we got to our room that we had reserved in advance we discovered two small towels were ready for us three adults. They never did bring us a third towel during the entire 3 day stay. My sister-in-law lost $700 from her purse while there as well.We will definately never return for the price was the same as the fancy places in the area we discovered!!! Complete rip off!	
Dec 1 2008 	Horrifying! Stay away! Shut this place down!	My boyfriend and I stayed there during the week of a convention. We had stayed there last year and it was okay. I now know this is because last year when we stayed there they had just bought the property from Howard Johnsons and hadn't turned it to crap yet. This time around though it was horrifying. On other occasions we have slummed it to save money but had I known the hotel had deteriorated this much in a year I would not have had a problem paying for a strip hotel or a courtyard marriott. I was two steps from sleeping in my car. I know you're thinking why did we stay - well convention week, all hotels booked, cheapest rooms were about 400 a night - I did not have $2000 handy. We stayed out as much as possible and everyday when we came back I swore we would not find our luggage in the room. It was evident the cleaning service was helping themselves to my cream and perfume. I would leave them face down in my toiletry bag and when I came back at night find them face up with the caps open. The place was deserted and when we requested to stay in a suite (which we had last year and it was nice) they said they were booked to capacity and that the suite would cost $300! Freakin liars and thieves! The hotel had NO ONE staying there - pretty obvious by the lack of um people? and um 3 cars including ours in the parking lot. When we drove to the room we passed by rooms that were obviously getting treated for pestilence. Thank goodness I brought flip flops - I never took them off in the room and showered with them. The towels were filthy with all kinds of colorful spots on them. At night every time I would hear a car sound I thought ours was getting stolen. There were no tissues in the room and the TVs seemed as though they had been bought in a garage sale and looked exactly like I had in my bedroom when I was 8 - really small and with horrible picture. We wrapped the remote with toilet paper to avoid touching it. Our first night there also a huge chunk of the AC just fell off. Some of these things are trivial yes , but I am just trying to paint the overall picture to you.And last but definitely not least! They tried to charge me a different rate. I noticed when I went to check in and demanded they change it. They said they had already put a hold on my credit card but not to worry when I checked out they would charge me the right price. When I checked out they tried to charge me for the amount they had held and they said oh sorry we accidentally deleted your reservation and can't see what price you booked - well not to worry I said because I have a printed confirmation of my booking. I told them if they tried to argue it I would call the bank and tell them it's a fraudulent charge - that's when they stopped arguing.PLEASE DON'T EVEN GO NEAR THERE!!! THEY MUST BE VIOLATING SOOOO MANY HEALTH CODES AND NEED TO BE SHUT DOWN!!	
Nov 10 2008 	Please please read for your safety	I had high hopes for this hotel just by looking at the outside, but what do people say dont judge a book by its cover. When i arrived i went to the front office and told them i would like to check in and they looked at me like i wasnt even at a hotel anyway after i got my key we searched for atleast 30 minutes looking for a parking spot that was close enough to my room so i could atleast keep an eye on it because there was absolutly no lighting. We got in our room and i jumped on the bed and thought i had just busted my teeth out it was so hard. But we decided to stay cause we were already there and we needed the money to do everything else we wanted to do that weekend. That night when we climbed into bed my friend kept complaining that his bed smelt like throw up so i told him go tell the front desk to get you new sheets so he did suprise surprise suprise they never showed up to change the sheets. The next night we decided to sit down and watch some t.v. but when we looked at the t.v. we had no idea how to work it it looked like it was from the 1970's and had the numbers along the dial if that makes sense we couldnt find the remote anywhere so just eventually gave up. It also says that there is wireless internet that your lap tops can connect into after you pay a small fee. I couldnt figure it out so went to the front desk to get some direction and they no kidding told me they didnt know what i was talking about. The next morning we decided to go swimming BAD IDEA. so many bugs and twigs and leaves and stains i almost through up NO LIE i would rather swim in my toilet at home. At to top it off there continental breakfast the ethiopians wouldnt even eat you think i am blowing this out of porportion maybe you shouldnt listen to all these reviews and find out for yourself would sleep in my car before ever sleeping here again.	
Aug 10 2008 	Room OK I would not bring any kids here	I stayed in Jan 2008 as an attendee of the The Home Entertainment Show (an &quot;offshoot&quot; of CES). I have never been to this hotel and, although I can afford better, I really wanted a bargain since I planned to be out and about during most of my stay. I booked this hotel through it's internet website and was clearly foolded by the photos which cast an artificially pleasent light on the hotel which was rundown. As an adult male traveling alone and using the room only as a place to sleep and shower, I found the accomodations just barely OK. I have stayed in many differnt kinds of hotels, from 5 star luxury resorts to Super 8 and Motel 6. They all have their plusses and minuses. The pro's: it is dirt cheap and close to the airport. The doors lock. The heater worked (even too well) as did the TV. The hot water was hot, the toilet flushed and towels/soap were available. You can buy beer in the bar attached to the lobby and drag it to the room to help alleviate all the con's you are constantly aware of below. The con's: Sometimes, you get what you pay for. It was difficult to find since it has two entrances fromon two main one way streets. The lobby was rundown and dirty (but adequate). The desk clerks were sufficient to check you in and check you out but did seem disinterested. There is a self pay via vending machine breakfast which I never utilized. Walking into the room, I immediately felt like I was in a cheap room. My room was a bit dingy and a bit gross (reasonably clean comensurate with the price of the room). There were some light stains in the bathroom porcelin. No internet but a small cubby to work on a PC, etc. I always travel with a tiny febreeze to help with the smells which were tolerable in my room. The bedspread felt gross(good thing I didn't have a black light). There were people hanging around at all hours...some of them appeared pretty shady (although I am well aware one cannot judge a book by it's cover...there were some pretty &quot;rattily covered books&quot; around this place). I would be uncomfortable leaving my wife there alone and I would never consider bringing my children here unless I was desperate for a place to sleep for one night and had no alternatives. I always left my curtains closed to eliminate the possibility of some looking into my room and seeing my camera, laptop, etc. The closest ice maker was broken and the next closest one was quite a ways away...and there were a few nights when I met some creepy glares and stares while I was getting ice. Outside noise was easily heard...fortunately, I am a heavy sleeper but I am sure the rooms have the potential to be intolerably noisey depending largely on who else is staying at the hotel. Truth be told, the last time I stayed at a Motel 6, the noise of screeming, running children was much worse than the noise I experienced here. I stepped out of my room early one morning to find beer bottles strewn all around and on my extereior windowsill. I stayed in an upper level room on the side of the hotel far opposite from the side where the front desk is located. At night, walking to the lobby felt like walking through seedier parts of Hollywood...and it was a bit of a walk since the hotel is so elongated and there was no straight shot to the lobby....you would have to walk through the potholed parking lot (which was desperately in need of resurfacing), then inside around dark corridors and then along the outside perimeter past everyone loitering and...well, you get the picture. The upper level sidewalks leading to the rooms were cracked, uneven and clearly rundown. If you are a single adult male (or a group of adults), not planning on a long stay, don't want to spend money and plan to spend your nights and days wondering all over the Strip (or wherever) and aren't bothered by a few shady characters, the hotel will suffice. If you want a place off the strip and near the airport, this will work too. If you want to feel comfortable and relaxed, there will be better offerings elsewhere, especially if you want to bring your family.	
Jul 7 2008 	Dangerous. Stay away.	I booked a room for one night on the Fourth of July through travelworm.com. Once I arrived, I pretty much instantly decided there was no way in heck that I was going to stay there, in the interest of my personal safety. The unlit parking lot with many many disreputable-looking people watching my every move would have been enough to convince me. If not, the police activity would have done so. Stay away from this place.	
Apr 6 2008 	price might be right but don't stay here.	I should have listen to the other reviews that I read. I didn't and soon found out myself what they were talking about. We arrived into vegas late and were tired from the travelling and the time difference. Got our car and then found the hotel and were happy that it was close. That was until I went into the lobby. I could tell right away that they place was old and tired, and needs a face lift. The staff at the counter were not pleasant and gave the impression that they didn't really want to help or even be there. I kept telling myself that it was only for one night. But really that should not have mattered. So got our key and were told where to find the room. After driving around the building four times and fighting with my hubby we both finally realized that the room was not going to be on the exterior of the units but was down a lane way and we had to park and walk to our door. OK...so everyone has to walk to the door, but we expected to find the room facing the parking lot. At least that was the impression that I was given. Once in the room the it was even more tired. It was clean but old and smelly. The walls were paper thin, and you could hear every foot step from above you. The remote for the tv was missing and I was concerned that they would think that I took that I made a point of going back to tell the office that it wasn't there. Needless to say I didn't really have a good nights rest. I have stayed in many places in Las Vegas and this was the worst place that I have ever stayed in. I will never stay here again, and strongly recommend that no one else stay there. I don't usually write reviews but I couldn't let this pass without warning others that might think that it s a good place to stay. DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Mar 18 2008 	Do Not Stay Here! Great Location or Not!	This place was terrifying! We stayed here for our last night because it was so near to the airport and we had a very early flight! It wasn't worth it! I'd pay twice as much as we did to have a decent inn. I reveiwed their website and it seemed pretty average for an airport hotel...far from it! I kept telling my husband that it seemed like the type of place you see on those murder shows...or hotels that drug dealers live in! Very creepy! We stayed here for 3 hours and left. Never again! I advise you...pay the money and feel SAFE! On top of that, the staff were completely unprofessional and offensive. Terrible!!	
Mar 16 2008 	Okay price hotel sucked!!!!!!!!!!	This hotel was okay for atleast the price I paid but the hotel sucked! The hotel clerks were very rude at all times, I asked for a non-smoking room when I booked it and when I arrived, not only did they put us way in the very back of the building, but also gave us a smoking room, the hot water did not work, there was a constant knocking thru out the walls at night, when you flushed the toilet it would give a loud screeching noise for a long time and then fade out eventually, they have ride times where they would take you to the strip and when you show up your told you have to wait a hour or 2 for the shuttle, its like, why have the times posted up and not go off that? They have a pop machine with high prices then normal and ohhhhhhhhhhhh, just so you know, taxi drivers do not like to go to this hotel, due to they say its hard to get back to the strip, or normal streets, so good luck.... theres no iron and if you want to loan one you have to give them your ID, the beds are hard.......overall....it sucked big time and I wished I had paid a few extra dollars for a better hotel! If you don't care about what I have said of what was wrong then this is the hotel for you, the price was coo, but if this will be your first time in vegas.....don't do it!	
Feb 21 2008 	Dumpy  Dirty and Disgusting	In the future I would stay away from this motel. The alarm clock was unplugged when I entered the room. I got the time working but the alarm would not work. I called the desk to ask for a wake up call and for a remote control for the TV. Also to complain that the reception was really bad except one channel. They said that all remotes had been given out. As I was the second person to check in I feel they should have offered a remote then. Also, the wake up call never came. Thank God I woke up in time. I would have hated to pay an extra day for such an unrelaxing experience. Motel 6 is much better. I didn't even think of taking a shower in their disgusting shower. Yuck!	
Feb 11 2008 	Not very good	Stayed here for new years eve. We didn't want to pay the extortionate prices demanded from the strip hotels. We paid £70/$140 for a twin room which was quite cheap for new years eve. This however was definitely a &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; scenario. This place is run down, the linen had cigarette burns/rips in it and the carpets were stained. The only good point was the location. It was only a 35-40 minute walk back from the MGM grand after the new years celebrations.Unless you are desparate, stay away! The only thing that kept me going was knowing that I would be staying in the Luxor the next night.	
Nov 18 2007	Our experience in Knightts Inn Paradise road Las Vegas Nevada	As part of an Internet deal with AARP and Travelocity we were booked in this Inn . We saw the pics shown in the internet as well as read the comments but decided to take a shot at it for the closeness to the action area ( as seen on Google earth ) , we arrived at night and a young lady at the front desk not even welcomed us . We had to carry our luggage (luckily they have wheels ) all the way from front desk to room 716 on a second floor with a stair with loose steps, for we did not had a rented car . The walk was like walking into a ghost town no one on sight and felt like I was going to get mugged the first day . Got to the room which had no clothes hangers, no closet pole for hangers , no remote control for the TV and the carpet was stained as well as the walls. Bed was very comfortable and linen was clean. Next day as I complained personally , got hangers, remote and closet pole from a very kind( spanish ) housekeeper and maintenance man Phone did not connected me to front desk. Days passed and they cleaned and changed the linen took away used house glasses but never left new ones. Also short toweled us for at one day we had one less towel to dry us. I left a tip and a note in spanish asking to have new plastic glasses left but as I understood there was no intention to serve for if the person who did the room did not knew spanish she could had taken the note to someone who did (The tip was taken needed no explanation note ) . Bottom line : the place is well located but badly administrated . This place in hands of a well known hotel chain could develop into a major hotel to stay . For now if thinking of booking there do it at your own risk .	
Nov 3 2007	The worst experience ever!	I felt like I was in a scary movie. It was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in with bugs in the room. We were desperate and this was the only place with rooms availble. None of us would even have a shower the next day..... we just wanted to get out as fast as we could as well as hoping our car hadn't been stolen the previos night. Very creep neighborhood as well!!!	
Oct 20 2007 	Really bad! Stay away!	Bad front desk service, ugly room, dead cockroaches in sink. Location is good. I would never use their pool.	
Oct 15 2007 	Dirty Dingy and Disgusting	Dingy and dirty--don't stay here. The photos shown for this hotel are actually of the St. Tropez Hotel. They share a transporation van. The Knights Inn is a very dirty, SRO, type facility. I needed one night near the airport and called a hotel service advertised on television that suggested they knew hotels. I asked for a room that was near the airport, but wasn't a creepy or dirty. The agent assured me the place was nice (I guess she based her impression on the incorrect photos). I paid $90. $90 for a dirty, flea ridden, unsafe hotel. The only positive thing I can say is it is close to the airport and they provide free transportation to and from the airport and into the city. It is dingy and dirty. I didn't feel safe or comfortable. The pool is full of pigeon feathers and other matter.I call the 800 number to cancel the reservation after I found I could stay at Hooters for $99. When I called the hotel service the rep. put me on hold to call the hotel, then disconnected me. Each time I called back, after going through the automated service, I was transferred to a busy signal and disconnected. When I reached them later, they said they had the wrong number for the hotel and couldn't get through to them. I called the hotel and they said I could not cancel directly through them, I had to do it through the 3rd party agent.I would not stay in this hotel, nor will I ever use the service that clearly does not know hotels.	
Sep 27 2007	Dumpy not Dirty	This place is a study in extremes. First and foremost, it's cheap, which usually means you get what you pay for, which is exactly what happened here. The hotel sheets were clean, as were the sink, tub, toilet, etc., but it's old, dilapidated, and dumpy. I suppose they're doing their best with a bad lot.Service was at times outright rude, yet at others (when my Cable TV wasn't working), very helpful and prompt (though they couldn't fix the problem).	
Jun 30 2007 	Must Read Before You Stay!!!!!!!	First the pictures that we saw ahead of time on the internet were misleading. Which was not even the worst part. When pulling down the sheets to go to bed i encountered a DEAD ROACH!!! Then when i was ready to shower the next morning to my surprise the towels were so small and they had these disgusting brown stains. I was mortified and disappointed with my stay. I would NEVER recommend this inn to anyone.	
Jun 12 2007	You get what you pay for. Clean. Simple.	What do you expect for the price you pay? I own a small business and when I am in town for a convention that is ALL I am there for. For this reason, I find the rooms clean and the place safe enough for my own comfort level.There are two pools now that they bought the old Howard Johnson's and it is very close to the airport (there is very little noice as well). I found many of the travelors are from Europe on tight budgets but very pleasant people.I am in the cleaning business and look at rooms much more directly than you would. The surface dirt was non-existant, behind the chairs, under the bed was clean (I was shocked!). The towels were on a scale of 10 a 2. They were clean however, but stained. I took out my washroom test kit and checked out the level of pH on the linen and they were within specs. They just need to upgrade to new linen and get a detergent supplier that knows how to wash linen. I expect that not it is a naional chain they will get better and better each year.The room I stayed in 132 had clean carpet and nicely tiled bath area. Good hot water and a shower head that did not rip the skin off your back as some of the water savings one do!This is why I gave it an above average rating. It is clean enough for what you pay for and safe enough to have a good night sleep.If you are looking for more then go to a bigger hotel and pay a bigger price!One of the big draws is that it is close to the best burger joint in town! The In and Out Burger by the interstate off Tropcania! What fun!On a closing note, the front desk people were very nice and smiled with ease. What may have been a poorly run hotel is now well managed and perfect for those on a tight budget!	
May 29 2007 	Hotel [--]~ The Book	I wish there was a rateing less than 1. This &quot;Hotel&quot; doesn't eve deserve that much!!My future brother-in-law booked my mother and me a room at the Knights Inn &quot;Hotel&quot; over Memorial day weekend for his and my sister's wedding in Vegas. We checked in Friday, 25th of May. Well first off, we got into Vegas around 9am. We knew it was too early for check in, but thought we'd give it a shot. Afterall, some places are willing to give early check in's to travelers with reservations. Since my brother-in-law is the one that booked the roem, he decided that he would be the one to go in and ask about it. They told him that there would be no problem at all. So, he came out and told my mom that since the room was atually under her name, she would have to be the one to check in. When my mom went to do so, she was told that she couldn't check in early and whoever told her that she could, was lieing. We decided to just go to my sister and brother-in-law's room and wait for the check in time.When we finally got into our room, we wished we hadn't!There wasn't a trash can to be seen or a remote for the t.v. to be had anywhere in sight.When I turned on the water to take a shower, the head was spraying everywhere. It was hitting the ceiling and the wall by the toilet. When I stepped in I had a choice of 3 heat levels:ScoldBoilMeltBelow, however, there was only 1 heat level:Non-existantThe bathroom light kept flickering on and off. So at least half of my shower was spent in the dark.When I tried to get drink of water from the sink, the knob came off in my hand. I know I'm not Shera, so I know that I didn't break it.We were supposed to have my best friend and my sister's 4 children in our room during our stay. We needed more towels, pillows and blankets for this to be plausible.After requesting for those 3 items plus the missing trash can and remote 5 times, I decided to go to the front desk and ask for them personally, instead of over the phone or asking the non english speaking house keeping people like we had been. The lady at the desk called the house keeping guy and told him what we wanted. He said he would have it there in 5 minutes. After 20 minutes, my nephew went to the storage closet where he saw the guy just standing around smoking and asked him for our stuff. The guy gave him 1 blanket, 2 towels, 2 pillows and said that there are no extra trash cans or remotes for our room.During the evening, we had an unexpected visitor. Some guy just walked right into our room while we (luckily) were all sitting there eating our dinner. He asked if the room number was 412. We confirmed that it was, and he left. We never did figure out what the hell that was all about.The mattress' didn't have side panels. You could see straight into the springs. Everytime you got onto the bed, the top mattress slide off of the bottom one.Saturday morning, we all decided to move to another hotel.However, we had to make sure that it was alright with my brother-in-law, since he paid for the room for Friday and Saturday night. We needed to be positive that he would be able to get his money back for the night unused. He was told that since he booked through Travelocity, he would have to take it up with them. He said that he would just keep the room and give it to one of his friends that wanted to stay that night after the wedding but couldn't find a room in time.We moved to the Alexis Hotel Resort, which happened to be the same place as the wedding. The room was EXCELLENT!! Highly recommend this Hotel Resort.My new brother-in-law gave over the room key to him buddy for the Knights Inn. Everything was settled. Until his friend went to the room. The Knights Inn had doubled booked that room and there was someone else already in it.That entire place is a run down rat trap. Unclean, unkept, unworthy of anyone spending thier money on it. Why should we, when not even they will!!	
Apr 22 2007 	Worst experience ever!	After an hour of driving in circles, we finally found the lobby to this place, not on Swenson but on Paradise. Check in with my confirmed reservation and credit card imprint was relatively uneventful but upon reaching our room, we knew this place was not going to be good news. Everything about it was shabby (at best), the carpet was filthy, the walls were stained and we couldn't stop the water from running in the toilet. Oh well, suck it up and try to get some sleep after a long day of flying. That lasted until 2 am, when we were woken up by someone rattling the door and trying to get in. This lasted about ten minutes, stopped for five then started up again. This time though, it sounded like an employee was trying to get in. Fed up, I yelled out that the room was occupied and was asked to identify myself. I opened the door a crack, told the &quot;security guy&quot; who I was and was told I was not registered. He left, but came back a few minutes later banging on the door. He told me I was illegaly in the room and had two choices, 1) vacate the room immediately or 2) he would call the police and have me arrested. Having had enough I told him we would go to the lobby and straighten this out. The desk however had no record of me and no imprint of my credit card. They finally located my online reservation and checked me in, demanding a second imprint of my credit card over my protests. Finally, back to bed at 3:30 am with no sleep for the rest of the night. And guess what, double billed for the room when I got home and checked my visa charges. This place may be cheap, but trust me, it's no bargain! Never again.	
Mar 30 2007 	Better than I read about	I actually booked this hotel, before I read up about it, so when I came here to see how it actually was, I was horrified. It was no surprise when I checked in, I feared the worst. After getting my key, going up the stairs, and being in front of my door, I carefully inserted the card, turned the knob, and took a deep breath. The room I had booked for, was exactly what I had booked for, a Cozy room. The room came with a massive King Sized bed, a Microwave, a Refrigerator, Coffee maker, TV, everything as described on the website. All of that, for a decent price, even through the weekend. I have to admit there was a couple of things that were &quot;off&quot; but not really going to change my view, or hopefully anyone else's view about it, but my room didn't come with a TV remote, and there was this small red mess on the wall, oh well. As far as I know &quot;Knights Inn&quot; is a budget hotel chain, so I would've been expecting things like that. I did get a nice view of the Stratosphere, among other parts of the strip, so thats another good point. Also the shuttle system worked better than described by fellow reviewers, its more &quot;On-Demand&quot; than &quot;Complain to the guy at front desk for shuttle&quot; The Van does have to travel between two properties. As far as I can tell, this Hotel has cleaned up its act, Its now fully a Knights Inn, the main office is located off of Paradise, not Swenson. And its a great alternative to any hotels that are located on the strip. I recommend this Hotel, to anyone wishing to save money, with an open mind for &quot;Budget Hotels&quot; 5 out of 5	
Mar 19 2007	Homeless Paradise	WE BOOK IT BECAUSE PRICE $120.00 NIGHT WE THOUGHIT MAY BE MID RANGE BUT SURPRISE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1- I called because we had a wedding at 2pm so we need time to change our cloths, contacted expedia and contacted the hotel they said will be ok to come early.2- arrived and they said not, check in has to be at 3pm and they said the person we contacted doesn't work there?? so how he answered the phone?? after they put me in hold??not explanation.3-anyway we went to the wed and checked in about 10 pm, they charged me another $50.00 as deposit i think, because it was paid in full in advance, wondering if they will give me back my deposit.4-going in it was a nightmare very dark alley and the stair waycracked and noice all over the place, so for me it was a bad badexperience and I booked 2 rooms, to my family sorry for this trip.	
Mar 4 2007	Bad Room Worst Service	The most terrible hotel I have ever known if it can be called a hotel.We spent a bad night there. Bad smell in the room and bad food. the worst is the service and the attitute of the staff there.	
Feb 22 2007 	Not good enough to be named a Hotel.... (Maybe MOTEL) and that's being nice...	I would NEVER, NEVER, NEVER stay there again.... I attendent All Star Weekend this past Feb. Being that all other hotels were sold out I had no choice but to book with the Knight's Inn. From day one this place was a disaster. As my husband was washing his face the bottom pipe of the bathroom sink fell apart. OK, I thought to myself things happen I'll just call someone to come and fix it. Soon after what they call engineering came to the room to resolve thed problem. (I don't think this person had a high school diploma let alone a engineering degree) Later on after returning from the Las Vegas strip aroung 4:00am as my husband was getting ready to take a shower the bathroom light bulb blew out. I again called down to the front desk only to get a VERY RUDE individual telling me engineering was gone for the evening and there was nothing the hotel could do for me.... (Can you belive this???) My husband decided to take a shower with the hall light on leaving the door crack open only to have the shower curtain fall on his head.... (Can you say lawsuit!!!!) By this time he was so pissed off...As he went down to the front desk the agent I spojke with previously came from around the back office with a large pack of light bulbs.. (My husband is very large)... This to me was the worst group of front desk agents ever in life.... I complained to the mornig manager and demanded a refund... I too work in the REAL hospitality industry unlike this place... I know what to expect from a hotel and, if the Knight's Inn thinks this is the way to run they better think again..... Please people if you must stay in Las Vegas don't spend your money at the Knight's Inn... (SLEEP IN YOUR CAR!!!!!!) Another note don't eat in the Restaurant (More like a snack shop to me) the food is horrible.... I forgot to say yes I did get a FULL refund.... and my husband's head is doing just fine form the shower curtain incident.... :)	
Nov 17 2006 	Rude Unhellpful Noisy	We booked this hotel through I4Vegas.com as our last night in the USA. We had had a fantastic holiday and I had asked my girlfriend to marry me so we were in a great mood...until we arrived at the Knight's Inn Las Vegas. We found a note saying the hotel was closed and that we had to go to the Howard Johnson hotel although there were no directions it transpored that this was behind the Knoght's Inn. We were checked in to this hotel and found our room to be very close to an extremely busy road, but otherwise very nice.It wasn't until 10 pm that night that the trouble began, we had it seemed extremely noisy neighbours. A group of kids running up and down the landing outside our room, we asked reception to come and ask them to be quiet and were told someone would be up. A couple of sleepless hours later we rang reception again, andwere told the receptionist had forgotten (how busy can she have been at 10pm?). Nothing happened again. So we basically got no sleep the night before we had to fly home and return to work. When we complained in the morning we were told that the hotel would do nothing and that we had to contact our agent I4Vegas.This hotel has the most unhelpful and ignorant staff I have ever had the misfortune to come across.	
Nov 6 2006 	Perfectly adequate	Stayed here for a week at the end of Oct'06and found it suited our needs perfectly.It was clean and well kept.all the staff we came into contact with were friendly and helpful.As long as you realise this is an off strip motel and not a glitter and glitz strip hotel you should be just fine.As for all the other reviews on this motel I can only guess Americans are a lot more demanding than us europeans.	
Nov 4 2006 	Nightmare night in Vegas!!!	I had to move from Excalibur to this one on the 3rd day due to the high rates during the convention. This place was in unbelievably bad shape. We felt like we entered into a slum zone. They had shut down the hotel's lobby itself and directed us to visit the Howard Johnson Inn lobby (these 2 hotels are right next to each other). The staff weren't friendly at Howard Johnson inn. Upon opening the room, we smelt the same that you would smell in a dumpster. Carpets probably installed in 1950's or something. We could see chewing gum stuck in the carpet (almost dissolved into the carpet). When we turned on the window A/C, a mist of dust spewed into the room. The toilet and tub were the worst part and I don't even wanna describe it here. We had to keep the kids right on the bed (was OK bed) all the time. Infact, we checked out at 3 AM (even though airport was right next door) for our 8 AM flight as we couldn't sleep at all. I wouldn't have wasted $89 +tax had I known a hotel could be such bad shape. I would have rather found a cozy corner in the airport to spend the night. I would highly advise anyone to spend higher and stay in a different hotel. Afterall, we go to Vegas to have fun and not to fall into a depression. I hope tripadvisor will introduce a Zero star rating soon.	
Sep 10 2006 	Welcome toTrash Inn	This hotel is is piece of trash. Charge my credit card for the extra day as no show even if i did not stay there. Toilet not properly flushed, no towels, not fiendly staff. I had very bad experience in this hotel. If you want to enjoy your vegas vaction don't stay in this hotel.	
Aug 6 2006	A night in hades	This was the worst motel experience we have ever had. Arrived very late in the evening in about 80 degree weather to a large crowd checking in to the Knights Inn by being shuffled over to the Howard Johnson's next door. Very clear that the motel was heavily booked. Received our room, opened the door and determined that on 7/28/06 in Las Vegas, the room had clearly been shuttered up without the benefit of the management having turned on the air conditioning. The room was an oven. There was no other room available. In fact, the room was much much warmer than the outside air. The windows did not open either. We put the A/C on high and waited for it to cool. This took several hours of absolute agony. Even the furniture was hot! Why didn't we leave? Don't really know. Didn't feel like we had an alternative since we had just flown in from the midwest, were very tired and there were no other rooms available. Should have just left and fended for ourselves. Did I mention that it also smelled moldy? Avoid at all costs. Sleep in the car instead................................	
May 9 2006	Not as bad as all that	We booked this place because we needed somewhere cheap to stay and also needed to be close to Vegas airport before continuing our trip elsewhere. Our flight landed late in the evening and by the time we'd picked up our rental car it was getting on for late in the day. We didn't have any real difficulties finding the place on Swenson (there was a big Knights Inn sign) but what appeared to be the main entrance to the hotelk was closed, which at that time of night was not what we needed. In the end we discovered we needed to go to the other side of the motel (Paradise Av) to what was signed as the Howard Johnson, which was also the Knights Inn apparently.Once we'd overcome this problem though we were perfectly happy. The staff were friendly and helpful and we found our room easily once we had the keys. As a one-night stopover the place fitted the bill perfectly and was clean, well equipped and pleasant. Not sure I'd recommend staying there for a whole week, but for a couple of nights or quick stopover it was just fine and at a great price!	
Apr 26 2006	Knightmare - 'Knights Inn' - Not worth it	We booked 'Knights Inn' on the internet as rates were pretty reasonable (totally regret now) &amp; there was mention of free shuttle to and from airport. On arrival to Las Vegas at McCarran Airport I asked airport info desk staff &amp; also staff at the 'shuttle bus area' where the bus to Knights Inn leaves from? We got responses that there was no 'Knights Inn' place in Las Vegas. This was response from taxi, limo drivers too. I was a bit worried as I had rung the day before and confirmed with a 'Knights Inn' desk our booking. I tried calling the 'Knights Inn' again but no answer. About an hour later - 9pm, a kind shuttle bus driver agreed to help us find the place. After 2 hrs of driving up and down Swenson St, in and around the Strip area, downtown area and still trying to contact 'Knights Inn' phone number no one was answering, we discovered a place called 'Howard Johnson' on Swenson and decided to go ask. Sure enough, a rude front desk man said that Howard Johnson is 'Knights Inn' too (despite no clear signage on the front of the property). This man also said the 'Knights Inn' shuttle leaves from the lower level of the airport however the lady I spoke to to confirm the booking did not mention this detail to me and people I asked at the airport did not seem to know of a 'knights inn'!. This same rude man said there was no record of our booking and all rooms were full dispite me advising him I had called to confirm our booking the day before. I tried the calling a few other hotels pay phone in reception area (at my expense) I also tried calling the 'Knights Inn' number again when the man at front desk mentioned that I wouldnt get onto anyone as that number is for a lobby desk that is closed at 5pm. After another hour of trying to locate another place of accomodation another man came to front desk and asked for our booking numbers I had showed previously. This man disappeared &amp; came back with keys to a room as he located our booking on the system. No one was apologetic of the fact that we had just spend over 3 hrs to locate 'Knights Inn' and locate the booking for our room.As it was close to midnight, we decided to stay for the 1 night (original booking for 4 nights). Our room looked and smelled like it hadnt been occupied in months. The bugs in the bathroom made our stay very uncomfortable. The next morning we checked out and caught a cab to the Las Vegas Strip as the Knights Inn driver of 'complimentary shuttle' could not speak english.Overall, a disastrous start to our Vegas trip - especially after we had taken approx 14 hrs to get to Las Vegas! The rest of our trip we stayed at the Excalibur Hotel - a little more expensive but well worth it with regards to location, friendly staff, and clean rooms.	
