	Poor service 	From the minute I checked in on Sunday, I knew this wasn't going to be a good stay. The smell of cigarette smoke was especially strong as soon as you walk in the door. The lady at reception said that my room wouldn't be ready until 4pm (normal check-in time) and so gave me a room with 2 Queens instead of the 1 king I'd ordered, so that I could check immediately. When I questioned the normal check-in time she was rude. I said &quot;I don't have to stay here&quot; and she replied, &quot;No you dont&quot;. Anyway, the room was fine. The extras are frustrating. In-room Internet costs $15.00 per day. The gym costs $25.00 per day. Overall I wouldn't recommend this hotel.	
	Loved The Paris Hotel Will Stay Again!!	We just returned home from a 4 day stay at the Paris Hotel and loved it! We stayed in the &quot;Red Room&quot; which was great. The decor was modern and the room was clean. Our view was absolutely amazing, we were able to watch the water show at the Bellagio daily! The bathroom was large and all amenities were stocked daily and I loved that the blow dryer was not attatched to the wall! The linens were clean and the carpet was clean, the in room safe was handy and although when we arrived in our room the safe was stuck in the open locked position we called down to maitenance and within 5 mins someone was at the door and ready to fix the safe. The casino was fun and full of excitement and the staff throughout the hotel were helpfull and pleasant. We would definately stay here again.	
	Great location	Asked for a view of the strip and Bellagio fountains and got it.Clean comfortable room.Hotel has great facilities, bars restaurants shops etc.Made use of the spa, found it very expensive, but the treatment was good.	
	A great place to stay!	My first time at the Paris but not my last. It was everything and more that I expected. We had the Imperial Suite which was awesome. The room was clean and amenties were great. We had a coffee pot which was a life saver as we did not have to rush down each morning for coffee. I am not sure if all rooms have the coffee pot but they sure should as it would save on the number of people having to go down on the elevator for their first cup of coffee. I booked the Paris as it was central to everything. We pretty much walked everywhere we went. Ellis Island restuarant is only two blocks away and is a great place to eat. Check in was a little slow but checking out was a breeze.	
	Expected more for the price	My husband and I stayed at the Paris in November 2009 for a nice mini vacation. We had this trip booked for quite a while and I was thrilled that we were going to stay at the Paris because the virtual tours made the rooms look so beautiful. To our dissapointment the room was not that great. It seemed old and weathered. Our view was horrible. All you could see was the parking garage and the roof of the hotel. When asked if we could change to a better view we were told that no other rooms were available at that time. The bathroom wasn't the cleanest either. I will say that the concierge desk was amazing and very helpful when we had questions about activities we were doing. The staff was great as well...very friendly. The lobby and casino are really beautiful! A very romantic feel as if you are really walking down the streets of Paris. The location on the strip is perfect! It is right in the middle so it was easy walking distance to see everything. The view from the Eiffle Tower is amazing at night! All in all I would say that our vacation turned out great and we would stay at the Paris again if we ever make it to Vegas again!	
	Location location location	It has to be said again, the Paris has an outstanding location, right at center Strip. combine that with frequent rate deals and you have an excellent Vegas homebase. Access to the Bally's monorail station (but beware, you have to go though Bally's to get there, and man is that a long schlep!) and regular shuttles to the Rio keep it hooked up with many other properties.For a &quot;theme&quot; Strip hotel it's of human-manageable size and apart from the Eiffel Tower replica it does not contain all those extravagant attractions others seem to favor (zoos, gardens, water attractions, rides)As for its use as a hotel, per se, definitely a middle-of-the-road property. (Part of the Harrah's group). The high-floor rooms that got renovated/redecorated are now sold as &quot;upgraded&quot; &quot;Red Rooms&quot;&quot;, for a higher price. (and premium if you have an actual Strip view) Comfortable and well appointed but the bathroom did not quite get the attention you'd expect -- non-adjustable, cheap-looking showerheads, and the separate tub is small. A person could be well served with just the base room if they care nothing about decor or view.One hint to give: unless the intention is just to pig out, many senible people should opt out of the buffet -- pricey and very long lines -- and instead hit one of the standalone dining sites in the resort.	
Nov 25 2009 	Satisfied Overall	Great location on the strip. This resort is a good size - small enough that it's not as vast and impersonal as others on the strip, but large enough to offer a wide variety of restaurants and activities.Check-in had a long line and somewhat slow service - this could be a nightmare if arriving at a peak time. All the employees we encountered were very professional and friendly. Only exception was at JJ's Boulangerie - would not recommend it!The standard room was better than expected - not bad at all for the price. Even though we didn't upgrade to a &quot;Red Room,&quot; there was a big red stain across the carpet. I'm choosing to believe it was fruit punch. The bathroom was great, with a separate glass shower. Lots of hallway noise - much more than you'd expect from a newer building.This hotel is typically priced just above Luxor and NYNY, and would be worth the extra $10-15 per night to be closer to the center strip.	
Nov 24 2009 	Viva Las Wegas	It was exciting, entertaining and fun-Stomp was a great show, the Eiffel Tower was awesome and the french bakery was &quot;to die for&quot;.	
Nov 24 2009 	Just not as good as I expected	Maybe it's because our trip was comp'd but even tho I paid for a room upgrade (to get a view of the Eiffel Tower) the room itself was a disappointment. Peeling paint, dirty door to the bathroom, a shower head hanging out of the wall, dust and cobwebs hanging on the wallpaper....all of these and more tend to leave a bad taste. Add to that the &quot;attitude&quot; of the hostess of our first meal and now I am starting to get the feeling that we really weren't welcome. After two days of this treatment we took a trip downtown to the Golden Nugget and were reminded of what Vegas used to stand for, good service and gracious hosts. Our next trip to Vegas will find us staying in the downtown area and having fun again.	
Nov 23 2009 	Beautiful yet frustrating honeymoon	My new wife and I purchased both the wedding package and the 4 night honeymoon package from Paris, Las Vegas. The wedding was unbelievably perfect and I would highly recommend the experience to anyone. The honeymoon suite and accommodations we're superb and I again would recommend this to anyone. I do however warn anyone interested to insure that the coordinator informs EVERYONE in the hotel that your accommodations are to be honored. We had to make several trips to the front desk to explain that our package was purchased through the chapel and that we indeed have credit to our room included with this package. Even then, on our last night in the suite I had to argue with the VIP representative that I was indeed who I said I was and would not be going to the front desk for the 3rd time to verify my ID just so I could have room service delivered.The casino is very beautiful but very spread out. It's a long trip from the parking garage to the front desk and back to the rooms with a full load of luggage. The staff is very courteous and the bartenders are flawless, however the wait staff and front desk needs completely cleared out and restaffed. My wife was forced to come down to the front desk in her wedding gown when my room key de-magnetized because we didn't use my credit card on the package reservations. In summary it was a very beautiful, very tiring, and very frustrating honeymoon that actually amazed us how it could be both so wonderful and aggravating at the same time.	
Nov 22 2009 	Nice Room......Service needs improvement...Oversize vehicle parking was a nightmare.	Our Stay started out on a bad note. When we talked with the reservation specialist we were told we could valet park the the truck pulling the trailer. We were pulling her car with my truck and we were very specific about the size of truck and trailer. Upon arrival we were told that we would have to park around back. There was no map available and the verbal instructions were not good. When I did find the lot I was told I had to move to the other side of some imaginary line. Getting from the back lot to the Front desk was not much better. I had to make my way in from behind the employee garage. Total time to park and find my way to the front desk was 32 minutes (I know because my now very annoyed fiancee was keeping track) I let her off at the front . She had waited in line only to be told it was the wrong line. after waiting in the right line she was told she'd have to wait for me before we could check in and that they had been very rude. When we got to the room it was very nice but we'll probably pick a different hotel for our next visit.	
Nov 19 2009 	Loved Paris and the Red Room Premier	We stayed at Paris for five nights. This was our 3rd stay at Paris and will stay there again. We have stayed at many other hotels but keep going back to Paris. Our Red Room Premier was comped and we had a beautiful view of Belligio Fountains; altho the windows were dirty. Our meals were great especially at the steakhouse. I called the first morning and asked for housekeeping early ( we like to take naps in the afternoon) and they came early every day after without calling.The front desk employees are rude and did not give us the room our host reserved for us , so we had to contact our host for the premier and it was changed within minutes.We love the casino and the location and will stay at Paris in the future.	
Nov 19 2009 	The Paris	Fabulous hotel! What better than to fall asleep looking at the Eiffel Tower!	
Nov 19 2009 	Brilliant location	I was really excited about staying here, as hadn't visited Las Vegas for 15 years ish, and stayed at the Excalibur last time. I was really drawn to this hotel by it's luxurious French presentation, but to be honest I wasn't overly impressed. It was only just Ok, and lacking some of the glamour I expected. Also the waiter was so rude, after tipping him only $4, he took it as an insult. Check-in at the hotel was fast and my friend lost her bag, and they were very helpful. We had two queen beds and had requested a king, they said that room requests are not guaranteed, but they did put us in a room with great views particlarly of the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel tower which is opposite, so we didn't bother to change the next day. The casino area feels very dark, as the theme is Parisien/French and the lighting is very low, and the casino was not that busy. Preferred the atmosphere you get down Fremont street area, have a look at the Golden Nugget, great casino. Maybe that was because I won there, though. The trip up the Eiffel tower is fantastic, go just before dusk, by the time you get up there the light will be changing, but you go up there for the day time price. Travelled on British Airways, when we had our meal, they left a lot of half price buffet coupons etc., Helps with the budget. Couldn't stay in Las Vegas for more than 4 nights, exhausting but fun. Saw 2 shows the Rat Pack and Legends. Legends is great. Went to the Wyndhams presentation, and got 4 free buffet tickets at Harrahs and 4 theatre tickets, but time share selling got a bit heavy sell.All in all had a great stay at Paris, beautiful building, but not quite up to expectations, a bit shabby in some areas.	
Nov 18 2009 	Enjoyed Good Location	Had a good stay. Staff seemed helpful to me although I've read differently in some reviews. I called for a requesting a late checkout and had to wait on hold for a while but it was my fault for calling during peak check out. There was a shelf in the drink fridge for personal use which was nice. My room was nice, clean, and modern with separate bath and shower. The water in the room had water pressure restrictors which made showers and face washing slightly less pleasurable. Elevators were fast and there was no noise from other rooms. My wife didn't find the bed particularly comfortable. The pool looked really nice, but didn't jump in. I was told the sun only stayed over the pool until around three. Have stayed in Vegas 6 or so times and this stay was fine; about 3rd place out of six places.	
Nov 18 2009 	Shabby	We found the hotel lobby beautiful, but the staff very unfriendly. The room we had was so nasty the carpet was stained and for a non smoking room it had burns all over it. When we approached the staff on this they provided no help. The rooms are in need of a major update, which is sad for what could be a beautiful hotel..	
Nov 17 2009 	Ok not great. Expected more for the price - eh.	A nice hotel/casino with a good amount of extras to spend time wasting - not great for gambling; not great for a lot of things; and not great for the price - I expected better (don't judge a book by its cover type of thing here - gorgeous outside). Nice restaurants though.	
Nov 17 2009 	DO NOT STAY AT PARIS HOTEL - WE WERE PHYSICALLY ASSAULTED AND NO ONE CARED!	My 4 friends and I were assaulted by a drunk man who forced his way into our room on the 26th floor, one of my friends was injured in the attack. We filed a police report, they caught the guy, but the PARIS Hotel refused to take ANY responsibility. No security cameras are in place on the hotel room floors - they say they are too expensive and require too much manpower to monitor - are you kidding?! There are cameras over every single casino table! We know where the priority lies! It is certainly not about the safety of the hotel guests!PARIS refused to comp out the room, did not offer anything to us. Not only was our weekend ruined, but we will tell everyone about the lack of commitment to the safety and well-being of the guests by the PARIS HOTEL. This was a HORRIBLE experience. DO NOT STAY HERE!	
Nov 17 2009 	Vegas Vacation	The hotel was great but the pool had too many kids. The hotel staff yelled at two adults that were cuddling? The pool is cold in the summer due to the towers block the sun.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Place to Stay	The Paris is a great place to stay. The location is perfect and the hotel/casino is very managable. The rooms are nice enough with a seperate shower. The rates are usually really good. I noticed this time that they added a $11.20 reservation charge to my bill for booking my reservation via telephone. I protested and was successful but watch out...im sure they just tried to sneak it through.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Location	It was a great location for the money you paid. The gambling was cheap during the day, and the cafe and shops were great. The pool is very small for Vegas standards do not reccomend using their pool.	
Nov 17 2009 	Paris Is simply the best.	After my wife and I stayed here in 2005, we returned with our 15 year old son in 2006. Both stays were fantastic. By the time we had got back on the plane to return home we had decided this would be our annual trip. Unfortunately due to circumstances we had to cancel our plans. As we head into 2010, our plans are now being made for 8 days in July. We have enjoyed the entire hotel, especially eating outside at Mon Ami Gabi. We always have felt the staff was very friendly and helpful. The casino is just the right size and the shops going out towards Ballys is my wife's favorite. Now that the 2010 reservation has been made we will looking forward to many trips to the best hotel in Las Vegas. Brad and Debbie Turner	
Nov 17 2009 	Average hotel in Great Location	Booked well in advance for the Paris so got a good rate. Stayed for 4 nights. At check in, we were upgraded to a room facing the Bellagio fountains - a pleasant surprise. Room was OK and nothing special; but I was quite happy bearing in mind the rate I paid. Cafe areas and walkways were nice, quite atmospheric. It was very busy even though it was midweek....I think there was an Auto-parts conference on at the time....loads of people walking around with name tags etc. Best thing about the place is its location...right in the middle of the strip. Also used the free shuttle to the Rio for a look/see. Would usually stay elsewhere on the strip (Wynn/Palazzo/Bellagio) but the Paris was fine for what it is.	
Nov 15 2009 	Oui oui	Paris is a great choice for staying in Las Vegas. You are right in the middle of the strip and the hotel is easy to navigate. Best of all is Mon Ami Gabi; a terrific French bistro in the hotel with indoor/outdoor dining. The food is great and very moderately priced for an expensive city. We loved seeing Bette Midler at Caesar's Palace. If you are an animal lover don't miss the Secret Garden and Dolphin Experience at the Mirage or the free Lion Habitat at MGM.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great location but front desk not so helpful	We have just returned from staying at the Paris Las Vegas for 4 nights. We didn't arrive until about 6pm &amp; we had requested a King bed. Of course, when we checked in, we were told there weren't any available unless we paid $40 per night more. This I don't understand! When I asked if the room was nicer, bigger or had a better view for $40 a night, I was told no. I was told we could get the same King room the next day for but if we wanted it that night we would have to pay!!!! This makes absolutely no sense but typical. We did end up moving the next day but our view was almost worse. Go figure. The girl at the front desk was quite rude as well when I questioned her about a King room that was the same as the one we would get the next day but if we wanted it then, it was $40 more per night. Not impressed. The hotel itself was in a great location &amp; I would stay there again. If you have a chance, go to Love by the Beatles, it is fantastic!	
Nov 15 2009 	Disappointing-expected more for the money	I told the receptionist that we were here for our wedding anniversary but she told me it would be about $50 to upgrade. Considering it was midweek, quiet and this made the Hotel about the same rate as Bellagio I declined . She then smiled that disdainful smile of service industry staff where they forget to tell their eyes to smile. The room we got was very basic compared to cheaper hotels and the pool area was so bland it looked like it belonged in the state prison. We went to the casino and there was more chance of finding a yeti at the tables than a smiling gambler. My clothes went in and out of fashion by the time a waitress brought us a free drink.. Mon Ami Gabi restaurant redeemed things with a great meal as usual and the eifel tower view was great. Overall the hotel was not good value for money and bland compared to others	
Nov 14 2009 	Not What You'd Expect	This hotel is not what I expected. The room was small but it had 2 queen size beds in it anyway. The rug in the room, which covered a very uneven floor, was dirty and badly worn. The bathroom had a small tub, not a soaker, and the shower walls were coming apart and moldy. The hotel charged for internet ($15) per day. There is no poker room in the hotel. Hotel services were good but the shops and restaurants were below average but the prices weren't. Hotel box office desk was understaffed. The cable feed was terrible and the TV was old. THe hotel brochure in the room was outdated and inaccurate. Enormous charges to be on the hotel side facing the Belagio - which is not advertised. We will not be staying there again.	
Nov 14 2009 	Fun Informal Gambling 	This was our second trip to Vegas, having stayed in the Luxor before. Of the two we much preferred Paris, the rooms and service were just that notch better. The atmosphere in the hotel &amp; casino floor was more informal than other casinos we've been to and that made for a better occasion. We also enjoyed the 2 for 1 martinis that were on offer!After a great evening (just breaking even on the tables) and a good meal in the burger/sports bar the room was a comfortable &amp; quiet place to relax &amp; recover. Breakfast the next morning however was a disappointment - over priced &amp; under flavoured with unusual service standards.When we go back to Vegas we will stay here again.	
Nov 12 2009 	Excelent Quality	The best hotel I ever been. With an excelent room, free parking. The only thing I didn't like was that the wi-fi is not free. BTW, the quality of the room is outstanding	
Nov 11 2009 	Disappointing - great location but not enough for people wanting the full on fun Vegas experience	We went to Vegas recently for 5 nights, myself and my husband and a group of 8 other friends (mixture of couples and singles aged late 20's early 30's). We have been to Vegas a number of times and stayed in the Luxor, Wynn, Excalibur and friends in the New York New York and Encore. This trip we wanted to stay somewhere in the centre of the strip within walking distance to shops etc we had visited Paris on our last trip and loved it. (More the girls on the trip than the guys) We were drawn in by the beautiful chandillers and ceilings within the lobby and casino and were told the breakfast buffet was amazingWe booked this trip and got a good deal on ebookers. We wanted our trip to Vegas to be all fun for 5 days, we enjoy the nightlife, drinking, eating out, sitting by the pool, shopping, buffets, my husband likes to play the tables. Checking in was fast and no problems, staff were friendly but nothing special, they didnt go out of there way to make you feel special like other hotels have. Our room in Paris was just ok the decor is old and its just ok. It was a bit dark and dingy, the bathroom was nice. The casino didnt seem to have much of an athmosphere, we like a vibrant feel with lots going on, the people in there seem a little older and it was just lacking that Vegas fun feeling. We were there for Haloween and there was not much party effort made and there were not many people dressed up (well not like us anyway) We played slots for hours and there seemed to be only 2 people in the while casino serving drinks, we had to wait an hour atelast for one drink and the women that came round were rude. The buffet was also disappointing although they had lots of sweet pastries etc there was not as much choice as in others. The pool was basic and sold out of food when we went to get a sandwhich - this I didnt understand as it is a big hotel, surely they could have got bread and filling from another part of the hotel!We ended up spending most of our time in Ballys as we wanted to stay local and that had a better atmosphere. We still had an amazing trip as you cant not in Vegas. Other friends were staying in the Encore and when we went to visit them it was like another league and the price they paid was not that much more. Once we had met them we actually upgraded to a suite in the Paris as we realised what difference the room meant, the suite was lovely and made a difference but it was much more and the bed was so comfy. I think the fact that we have stayed in other hotels made us more disappointed with Paris, you may not think so if it was your first stay in Vegas.My advise to anyone who is young and wants to enjoy the nightlife and have a scream in Vegas is not to stay in the Paris! It is a beautiful hotel to visit and if you want more of a relaxing experience, definately go for lunch or for a look round. I dont think it was the hotel that was the problem it just wasnt right for us. Most of the reviews are really positive on here which is part of the reason we booked but I just wanted to make people aware that it is not for everyone. If you are lookig for more of a fun hotel the Luxor is betterNext time we will look for a fun hotel with the Paris location as that you can't fault!	
Nov 10 2009 	Great Location Great Stay!	This was our 2nd time to Vegas. My fiance and I are planning on making Vegas a yearly trip for us. Last year we stayed at Harrah's and after walking in every casino on the strip we knew that Paris was our next destination! The only complaint that I have was when reserving the room I indicated we would checking in around 10pm. Our flight was delayed and we did not get to Paris until around 10:45pm. When checking in we found out that they were still cleaning our room and it wouldn’t be ready until around 11:30pm. We grabbed a drink at the bar and waited to go back and pick up our room keys. When we went to pick up our keys we politely asked if there was anything they could do to compensate us for the inconvenience of our room not being ready (a credit, meal voucher etc). She said very rudely that I could ask the manager but she assured me that there was nothing he would do for us. We weren't the only ones that this happened to and that when we first went to check in we insisted on a room with a king bed and non-smoking. Those words never came out of my mouth however that was what I indicated on our online reservation. She proceeded to say that they could have given us a double bed smoking room but they wanted to accommodate us. We asked what the point of having a reservation request was if they didn't want to follow it. We asked for the manager and she came back 10 minutes later with an even bigger attitude saying that he was too busy and that we could check back tomorrow if we wanted to speak with him. Other than that our stay was amazing. The room was very nice and they cleaned it daily, I was a little surprised that the TV’s in the room have not been updated to flat screens. The casino in itself was well kept and the staff was friendly. We ate dinner at the Eiffel Tower restaurant which had a great view and romantic atmosphere, the food was delicious. We were able to lay out by the pool in the morning and afternoons. We had friends that also came along and stayed at Bally’s. The good thing about this was there was a walkway in between the two hotels that connected them. This made it very convenient to go back and forth. The only other down fall is if you are into sports betting their sports center is not the greatest. The TV's are outdated and there is really only space for those who are betting on horse races, it's not really a lounge to hang out and watch the games. We were very happy with Paris and would consider staying there again.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great value comfortable room EXCELLENT location.	This was just my second time in Vegas, and first time staying on the Strip. Chose this hotel at the advice of a friend who's got more experience than I did, and it was a great choice. The Red Room Luxury room was large, comfortable, and colorful. All that we were hoping for. My wife was very comfortable - probably much more so than she might have been in a fancier hotel for what we would've gotten for the same amount of money. We chose not to upgrade for $50 a night to a room that would've had a view of the Strip, deciding that was too much. My only regret with that is that we would have had a better view of the Bellagio fountain show - one of the biggest and best free attractions in Vegas, I think. Overall the hotel was clean, not excessively smoky (in those areas where you can smoke), and had a decent variety of food options. I was told the Stratosphere was a better view of the Strip than the Eiffel Tower, but after going up in the tower (free with the coupons we got from the hotel), I disagree - the view from the Eiffel Tower (which is half as tall as the original) was great! The buffet (Le Village) was very good - key tip: pay the extra $5 to jump the line via the Express Lane. We lucked out - we missed this sign when we first got in line, and I only saw it when I went to take pictures of how long the line was. We saved maybe an hour and a half that way. Yeah - those lines are no joke. The huge Pina Colada in the plastic Eiffel Towers are fun, but be careful! 3-4 Pina Coladas' worth of sugar (and brain freeze) will take a toll! Being in the middle of the strip was great. We could walk to the shops at the Venetian and Caesar's, cab it to Mandalay Bay easily, and walk right across the street to see &quot;O&quot; at the Bellagio (which was fabulous). Another key attribute of Paris - it's not nearly as vast as some of the other properties on the Strip (Bellagio, Caesar's, MGM Grand, and the Venetian), so it won't take you 20 minutes to walk from your room to the front door. Walking through a hotel isn't like truding through a swamp, of course, but after you've been walking a few miles going around the Stirp already, it's nice to be able to get to your room fast once you're back to home base. Didn't go up to the Eiffel Tower restaurant, but heard they've got great souffles.	
Nov 5 2009 	Paris is a romantic nice hotel	I stayed at the Paris Las Vegas October 28-Nov 1, 2009. It was lovely and romantic. The food in the restaurants was delicious. It was a little pricey, but not too high. They have a lovely restaurant that you take an elevator upstairs and it overlooks the fountains of Bellagio and another one where you can eat outside on the porch on the Las Vegas strip. The Paris Las Vegas hotel is made up like a movie set of Paris, France with a ceiling painted light blue with white clouds like a daytime sky. It's beautiful and great for a romantic stay. We arrived on a Wed at 10:15PM and had no wait time to check in. We checked out at the front desk on Mon at 10:45AM and had no wait time. I've read other reviews where people had to wait, but I guess we came at a good time. You can go up in the Eiffel Tower for $10 per person and take pictures. If you want internet in your room, it is $15 per day. If you want a refrigerator, it is also $15 per day. We had a mini bar in our room that was refrigerated and had a small amount of space for food if you have left-overs from the restaurant. There is no charge for the mini bar unless you take something out of it. From the ad, I thought all the rooms had whirlpool bathtubs, but they don't. Our tub was separate from our shower, but the tub was not a whirlpool. The whirlpool tub was a $50 per day upcharge, so we didn't get one. The Paris is centrally located on the strip (across from Bellagio), which is a bonus because you do so much walking in Las Vegas. Paris is a little fancier and pricier than Bally's, Harrah's or Imperial Palace, but it's not as pricey as Venetian or Bellagio. We stayed 5 nights at Paris and 1 night at Imperial Palace. Imperial Palace is not fancy, it's just basic. Our TV picture was fuzzy at Imperial Palace and we had plastic glasses. I have champagne taste on a beer budget, so the Paris suited me. We paid $470 for 5 nights at Paris before tax. I would stay there again because it's nice, clean and pretty and not as expensive as Bellagio or Venetian. There is nothing wrong with staying at the cheaper hotels in Vegas if that's all you can afford, but if you can afford Paris Las Vegas, I recommend it. If you can only afford a cheaper hotel, I would stay in Bally's, Harrah's or Imperial Palace. I wouldn't stay at Hooter's because their casino is ugly and they are too far away from the center of the strip. I also wouldn't stay at Circus Circus or Stratosphere because they are too far from the center of the strip. If you stay at Hooters, Circus Circus or Stratosphere, you will spend too much in taxi fares in my opinion. I usually try to stay toward the center of the strip for convenience sake. Paris is a nice hotel and I would stay there again. I highly recommend the &quot;O&quot; Watershow at Bellagio. Also, make sure your suitcase doesn't weigh more than 50 lbs or you will get an overweight bag fee if you are flying. Carry-on bags are limited to 40 lbs and certain size and liquid limitations. Bring tennis shoes because you will walk, walk, walk. You can print your return boarding passes at the business traveler's center in Paris. We paid $3.50 per person for our boarding passes and we had one layover on the way home.	
Nov 4 2009 	Paris is a beautiful hotel	Stayed 5 nights at the Paris hotel in Las Vegas this past July. This was the 1st trip to Vegas for my husband &amp; I. We really loved our stay. The Paris hotel is quite beautiful. Loved the high painted ceilings in the casino. Our room was very nice. The view wasn't great, but we didn't care. Housekeeping was immaculate (at least on our floor) and I am very particular. The buffet for breakfast was really good. We really liked the half-priced martini bar that they had every night in the casino. The location of the hotel is perfect. Right in the middle of the strip. Take the free shuttle &amp; go to Rio hotel one night. Lots of fun over there also. I highly reccommend the Paris, Las Vegas hotel.	
Nov 4 2009 	Over rated	Experience was poor from check in to check out. This supposed luxury hotel was far from luxurious. Food was over priced and blah. $4 for a bottle of ice tea.....highway robbers. Need to learn customer service, room maintenance and basic hotel skills	
Nov 4 2009 	Nice hotel GREAT location!	I haved stayed at Paris twice and like it both times! The rooms aren't anything to brag about but overall are clean and nice. The pool is great. The location of Paris is just perfect, its in the middle of everything! I would stay at Paris again.	
Nov 4 2009 	BED BUGS	Checkin on sep609 at 7pm to celebrate my 40th birthday.Woke up sep0709 with an itch which became worse as the day progresses and developed in to a red rash.Decided to seek medical atten on sep0809.The clinic which was recommended by the hotel wanted to charge appx. usd350.00 pp.We spoke to pharmacist located in the clinic who adved it looed like bedbug bites.Return to hotel and adved above and requested assistance with medical bill.They refused but decided to change room because 'it would make us feel better&quot;.We had to seek our own medical assistance even though the trained EMT the hotel sent to our room also said it looked like possible begbug bites.We decied to deptart las on sep0909 because of the terrible pain and itch and the embarresment of scratching in public.The hotel decided to still bill us for the entire stay.The lack of assistance and help and the lack of customer service was appalling.	
Nov 3 2009 	Amazing!	This was our first trip to Las Vegas. I am so glad we chose Paris! The service was excellent, the cleanliness of the rooms was impeccable. The ambiance in the casino was one of the best I saw while there. Staff was courteous and helpful. Plenty of eateries available inside the hotel/casino. Food excellent. Registration easy and close to the elevator. It was just a great, no worry,experience. We also got some great pics did not download as yet. Pool was clean &amp; nice; however, water not heated, so a little cold &amp; unexpected. We had a great view right on the strip &amp; could see the Bellagio fountains and the lit eiffel tower every night.	
Oct 31 2009 	Beautiful hotel with some flaws	On arrival at the Paris after a 15 hour flight from the UK (at 20.30) the service at check in left alot to be desired! There was a small queue when we arrived but we didn't expect the one person behind the desk to totally disregard the waiting people and instead open another desk to serve the 'platinum customers'! Eventually we checked in after 30 minutes without so much as an apology for having kept us waiting. However..the room itself was large and very clean, the beds were extremely comfortable and the there was no noise from other rooms or outside. Very peaceful!The amenities in the hotel were varied and although smaller than some of the other popular hotels on the Strip there was enough variation to suit most tastes.A visit to the Eiffel restaurant is well worth it for the fantastic view of the neon Strip butalso the romantic ambience. One disappointing experience was on our last night. We went for a drink in Le Central (the lobby bar) and my husband (age 36) was asked for I.D, something we had become used too when we have been in the States. When he produced our driving licences he was told that they were inadaquate as only a passport would suffice!! I was appalled and left, we walked less than 100 yards and were served a drink at the Gustav bar without a second thought! Perhaps the hotel needs to get this ridiculous inconsistency sorted out.On the whole we would recommend this hotel due to the fantastic location on the Strip and the overall asthetics of the hotel.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great location beautiful hotel	Pros:- Very nice rooms and bathrooms- Hotel and rooms are mostly clean (we found some garbage behind the minibar)- Location is excellent- Hotel interior and exterior is lovely- Very good buffetCons:- Casino is a bit pricy for beginners- Not too much to do at night in the hotel except gamblingConclusion: you won't be disappointed	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Hotel with fantastic service and rates!!	We were picked up at the airport and taken promptly back to the hotel! We had an extremely fast check in and our room was clean and ready every day! The room itself was large with a nice sitting area. The bathroom was fantastic with every amenity and upgrade imaginable!! It's a great location on the strip and easy to get to other hotels and casinos. The pool area was large with plenty of seating and fast service! The only disadvantage to other places was our room looked out to the side of Ballys.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great place to stay!	The location of this hotel is fabulous! It was a great place to stay, especially because this was my first trip to Vegas. Since Paris is centrally located you can walk to almost anything on the strip, and if you choose to take a cab the fare is rarely above $8. The room was a pretty standard hotel room, nothing fancy, but it probably exceeded my expectations for the price we paid. Very clean too! I really enjoyed the the theme and decor of the hotel even if it is a little kitschy (its vegas, what do you expect?!). It did not remind me at all of the real Paris, France, but it was cute nonetheless. Don't miss the creperie if you stay here, its great for breakfast! The casino itself is not that great for table games, so if you're a serious gambler, you may want to consider staying in another casino. But overall I have no complaints and I would defintely recommned Paris.	
Oct 28 2009 	Beautiful Rooms Bad Service	We really loved the rooms here. We decided to upgrade our room for the last night and we almost regretted doing so because it was such a hassle. Everything was taken care of, but we had lost half a day because of it. The rooms are absolutely beautiful and incredibly well furnished. The beds are plush and comfortable. If you do stay at the Paris hotel, you should request a strip view, it's absolutely worth it. If you're really hungry go to the buffet. If you want a snack, eat a crepe. They are both delicious. Skip the Eiffel tower and go to the Stratosphere. It's roomier there and not nearly as long a wait.	
Oct 27 2009 	Au revoir Paris Hotel! We won't miss you much...	My wife and I travelled to Vegas for the first time for a long business weekend and stayed at the Paris hotel for four days. We were originally supposed to stay at the Wynn, but our arrangements were made by corporate folks who probably didn't know the difference between some of the Hotel/Casinos on the strip...big mistake. This hotel, like many others on the strip, has taken its theme of &quot;classical French decor&quot; and turned it into a horrible parody of itself. Everything about this place was gauche.Check in was marred by the fact that no King bed was available, despite a request weeks earlier. An indifferent shoulder shrug was our consolation for this inconvenience. The check in folks were clearly immersed in their roles as annoyed French locals and didn't break character the entire stay. Amazing!The room is on par with the finest 2 star hotels in rural Arkansas....dirty, small, poorly furnished and dim. The beds are an absolute joke with awful linens, mattress that rivals my pullout couch at home, pillows that smelled oddly like eggs. The shower water pressure is like an 80 year male with end stage prostate enlargement. No coffee machines, electronic amenities are circa 1986....old TV kept switching off every 20 minutes for no reason, limited stations, Wifi? Mais non, there is nothing remotely business worthy of a hotel that is supposed to cater to the conventioneer or business person!Room service took over an hour for a simple breakfast order and I think I saw plates lying in the hallway for two days before they were collected off the dingy carpet. Did I mention the carpet looked like floral and paisly threw up on each other? Mmmm, this place just keeps getting more French every minute!The only restaurant we visited was Mon Ami Gabi, which was actually very good! Eat outside on the patio for a great view of the Bellagio, where you will invariably want to stay after this place leaves its stain on you. Otherwise food and drink are predictably overpriced, and the cocktails were incredibly weak....much more so than any other casino we visited. Stick to beer and wine and you'll be fine. I am not much of a gambler, so I can't really comment on the experience...suffice it to say that if you are not a smoker, you will not like walking around this place. Paris is ventilated like hermetically sealed tupperware....even for an occasional smoker like myself, my eyes and lungs burned like a raging UTI all weekend. The only, and I mean ONLY thing this place has going for it is the location. Centrally located along the strip, I spent most of my time in other hotels and casinos that far surpassed the Paris experience. Of course, that would have meant paying a bit more, but this place is an absolute joke. If you have any travel experience whatsoever, you'll know that this is a Howard Johnson with cheap &quot;French-like&quot; amenities, substandard cleanliness and spotty serviceFrom what we saw, I'd really recommend the Venetian, Bellagio, or Wynn. Just stay away from this horrible excuse for the &quot;French experience.&quot; At least in Paris, France, I would overpriced rooms and lousy service....just not in Vegas.	
Oct 26 2009 	Sophisticated	This was the 3rd and 4th night of our 6 day trip.I stayed before in Las Vegas at the Bellagio and I was very disapointed so this time we choosed the Paris because of the reputation and the location.At check in we were offered an upgrade to a Suite for only $70.00 which was okay for us. The suite was of couse very spacious. The TV stands lonely in the middle of the room bettween the bed's and the sitting area. This looks definitely odd, I think you could do this better with a smaller side board. However the room has it's own business area, a desk with printer and fax. You get your own fax and direct phone number with this room. If you use it pretty cool. But who want's to fax and print or even work on a computer when you are in Vegas????Anyway the carpet had a few &quot;big&quot; spots and if I would have had paid the full price I would have complaint and I would be very upset. We had 2 bathrooms. one had a shower the other one a jacuzzi. Very elegant, clean and pretty.The staff was extraordinary friendly. I never had such a nice person at the check in's in Vegas. Ususally they are all stressed and focus on the facts. Here I really had the feeling that they care about you. We had breakfast at the buffet which was also great!I would stay here again	
Oct 26 2009 	Not the best but not the worst either	we chose the paris hotel because we got a great deal to stay at this hotel. we had the most basic room. the room was clean but with a really old feel to it. I think this is what most hotels in paris look like anyways. I wasn't too impressed just because we had previously stayed at the Venetian and I like the more modern look. but the room was very clean and the bathroom as well. they cleaned our room daily, and the cleaning lady noticed i really like the lotion so she left me a few extra. Nothing was stolen from our bags (Its happened to me before at other hotels). all in all it was an OK room but if i were to stay at the paris again i would upgrade to their red room or one of their other better rooms. the casino was spectacular. the dealers were very friendly and always had a smile on their face (even if I was the one winning). the atmosphere was laid back which i really liekd. I didnt try any of their restaurants but they looked ok. I would highly reccomend the lunch buffet at the bellagio, it was excellent and a really great value. the pool wasnt the best...it was overcrowded and not that big. the location is excellent, you are in the middle of everything. there were no nightclubs or lounges open at the time we were there, so we went to the bellagio and caesar's at night. I love vegas and I will always go back to gamble at the paris but not stay in the room category i stayed in before. the venetian was more suited for me.	
Oct 25 2009 	Fantasitic location and fantastic hotel!	We travelled to Las Vegas for one week in October. We chose the Paris from other trip advisor comments and we cetainly wasn't disapointed. The location was fantastic right in the centre of the strip. The hotel was a very beautiful and very clean. We had a good size room which was spotlessly clean. It was quiet we never heard any noise. The pool was lovely and at the begining of October it was still hot enough to swim. We didn't really eat at the Paris as we wanted to venture ito the other hotels. Check in was fast and all the staff were cutious and helpful. This wasn't a party hotel which was good for couples but there was still plenty of atmosphere.I would recomednd October as a good time to go as the weather was just right. We got a taxi from the hotel which actually worked out nearlly as cheap as the shuttle and much easier. It cost about $14.The mirage hotel and the Belligio hotel did excellent buffet breakfasts both priced at about $15. We ate at about 10am most mornings and never needed any lunch.We found drinks to be expensive most priced at about $6 for a bottle of beer. However most hotels had happy hour from about 5-7pm.We went to see the lion King at Mandalay Bay hotel which was fantastic and I would highly recomend it.We had a meal at he top of the world revolving resturant in the startosphere hotel. This was spectacular. The views are something I will never forget and the food was lovely but quite pricey. We also did a helicopter tour with Heli USA which we booked with lastminute.com before we left and cost about £157. This included tranfers to the airport, helicopter flight over Lake Mead, Hoover Damm and the Grand Canyon. We then landed and wew taken to a cowboy ranch by a horse and carraige had breakfast, a look around, gun fighters battle demo and the option of horse riding for a extra $39. We didn't do this as we were going on to Montana where we had already arranged to horse ride. We then went back to the helicopter, expreinced some moe breathtaking views and flew over the Vegas strip. This was the highlight of the trip. The pilot was very informative and put me right at ease (I am a nervous flyer), however I loved every minute of it. We also went the the Coyotte Ugly bar like on the film, you know the one with girls dancing on the bar, nothing but some good old fashioned rock music and beer and whiskey. This was located in the New York New York hotel and was brilliant. We had a fantastic night and rolled on at 4am. I got in for free and my husband payed $5.We also went in search for Elvis Arama which had closed and so had all the other Vegas museums which was a bit disapointing. We also took the duece (bus service for 24hr tavel down the stip for $7, good value for money) to Freemont street but were not overly impressed.	
Oct 24 2009 	Wouldn't Spend My Own Money here	Just completed a 4-night stay here as part of a convention. Reserved a king non-smoking room. Arrived around 10 p.m. on a Saturday night. Was told they didn't have a King room, but were giving me a non-smoking room. We knew things were not going well as we approached the room. There were holes kicked in the wall in at least three places and the whole floor seemed kind of shabby. The room was non-smoking, but only if you believe that non-smoking means &quot;no one has smoked in this room during the last 20 minutes.&quot; Complained, but was told no other rooms were available.This room was along the lines of a 2.5 star room. Thin towels, older furniture, no coffee maker, smallish. Certainly not worth paying more than $50 per night. There was a refrigerator, but it was stocked with overpriced booze and munchies and set to automatically charge you if you moved anything.After complaining again the next day, we were upgraded to a mini-suite for the remainder of our stay. Better, but still not great. The room was quite large and had a sofa, chair and wet bar with a usable refrigerator. There was a separate corridor leading on one end to a large walk-in closet with a lighted make-up table. At the other end was an oversize bathroom with a separate shower and jaccuzzi bath and a separate toilet room. This time, there was an in-room coffee set-up. The carpeting in the room was tired. This room still had the same thin towels, no bathrobes, and neither room had a 21st century TV.There was some serious nickle-and-diming. Want to use the gym (above average, but nothing great), $25 per person, per day. Want internet access, another $15 daily gouge.Had room service twice. It was overpriced, but decent. Expect 1.5 hour delays on breakfast unless you order the night before. The breakfast buffet downstairs, however, is great value at $15 per head. There is a vast selection, including omelet, crepe and belgian waffle stations. We ate there twice. Ate at the steakhouse. Again, overpriced for what you got. There are far better steakhouses in this town. We also had a meal at the burger-oriented sports bar, which was fairly priced an had great service from happy, friendly servers. One major disappointment was the Louis Cafe, where my wife was ignored for half an hour, which was probably the high point of her dining experience. Thereafter she was treated to shabby service, cold food, and a watery drink. As a tip, she wrote on the check, &quot;AWFUL DINING EXPERIENCE!&quot; Hope they get the message.All-in-all, Paris was a poor choice for a convention hotel. Judging it from the point of view of a casino hotel, it was just OK. From what I have seen, there are far better hotels for the money to be had in Las Vegas. I would not return here on my own dime and would probably stay elsewhere even if a business meeting/convention were venued here.	
Oct 24 2009 	Glad we chose this hotel ... good value true Vegas experience	I think the Paris Las Vegas hotel was a good choice for us - the hotel is right on the Strip, near many impressive attractions and it has all the impact and ambience of the full-on Vegas experience. Very glad we chose it. The room could have been a little bigger and better furnished and equipped but it was comfy enough and the rest of the experience was very good indeed. You can expect some long waits to check in or for concierge services ... that said, not sure that would have been any different elsewhere. All in, a good choice.	
Oct 23 2009 	This place is self contained you never have to leave!	We went to Las Vegas to celebrate my husband's birthday. We met up with some friends who are Harrah's members and wanted to stay at a Harrah's property. They recommended Paris, having stayed here before. Our standard room was not very large but it was adequate for our needs, the beds were comfortable, the bathrooms were nice. Our view was of the back of the strip, a parking lot basically. Our friends had a red room which was not much different from ours, they got a better view, Bill's Saloon. I'm glad I didn't shell out for the upgrade. Lines to check in and out seemed to be very long. There were lots of restaurants in this hotel to eat. This hotel even connected to Bally's and a sort of &quot;mall&quot;. The Eiffel Tower restaurant was my favorite but they didn't take Harrah's rewards points which was disappointing. I had breakfast a couple of times in the hotel, it was good but very expensive for what you got. The restaurants always seemed to be crowded and it was always difficult to get a table...unless you were with a diamond player. Even the lines for the buffet always seemed to be very long. We ordered room service instead which was reasonably priced and quick.The casino was fun, I love free cocktails! I was disappointed that I was unable to find a $5 craps table, oh well, maybe next time. I did catch some shows, though none at this hotel. This would be a great place for a Cirque Du Soleil show, being French and all.	
Oct 22 2009 	Reception Staff greeted us chewing gum!	Our first impression of this hotel was not good, a massive check in area with only 3 desks open, we waited in a queue for about 15 minutes to be greeted by a GUM CHEWING receptionist, she seemed a bit fed up with the day and didn't come across as friendly. Our room was OK, nothing special, a bit well worn, but clean. Our big disappointment was no facilities in the room for coffee/tea making. We ate one evening in the Ile St louis in the hotel- disaster - cold steak, rude staff when we complained, 'what do you want me do do about it ?!!!!' We should have refused to pay the bill but paid up and left _NO TIP there. Wouldn't advise anyone to go to the Paris.	
Oct 22 2009 	No Robes Pierre	I was disappointed by the lack of the usual amenities in this hotel. Starting with no robes in the rooms. Very basic decor. I realize Vegas wants visitors in the casinos and not in hotel rooms but really, no robes in the bath? Room services trays left in the hallways for hours. Pool area way too shabby , messy and dirty. Broken lounge chairs everywhere. Friendly wait staff for chair side dining only. No poolside restaurant open for table dining. Blasting music. No public place for guests to sit outside casino area. Not a chair or a bench unless waiting for a cab outside near the front entrance.Would not return to this hotel. We stayed there for a conference and assumed the convenience would be partnered with pleasant accomodations.	
Oct 20 2009 	Enjoyable hotel	I recently came back from Las Vegas and stayed with friends at Paris. I've stayed at Caesers and Bellagio before and would reccomend this hotel highly. I found out you can check in at the Las Vegas airport and save yourself time waiting at the front desk, although the front desk area is very beautiful. It's so pretty inside, you feel you're walking the Paris streets. The Village Buffet is great and you'll wait in line but it's worth it. The cafe beside the Buffet was also very good. The shops are cute and you have to go up the effiel tower to see the city. Mon Ami Gabi looks over to Belliagio and you can people watch while you eat. The standard room that I stayed in was very nice. A little on the shabby side but still a nice room. The standing shower is wonderful. My friends had an upgraded room that was much nicer. A big screen TV and upgraded furnishings. I would definately stay at Paris again. It's close to the action and a very beautiful hotel.	
Oct 19 2009 	Get a corner room - better views	We booked a standard room and managed to get room 14xxB - i guess the B is for corner rooms? (can't remember the xx numbers) Anyway, the corner room was great - two floor to ceiling windows on two of the walls, a view of the bellagio fountains - perfect. The bed was very comfy. The hotel itself is really pretty and charming and the pool just below the Eiffel tower is great. Try le village buffet - really good value. I preferred the Paris room to the Caesar's palace room I had before	
Oct 19 2009 	Motel 6 with a facade	I stayed here for a convention. I have only stayed in four or five different hotels on the strip but Paris is the only one I would equate the accomodations to a cheap motel. The mattress was thin and uncomfortable; linens were rough; there weren't any extra plugs to charge a phone or plug your computer in - I literally had to unplug a light to charge my laptop on the desk; tub was pathetic; furnishings reminded me of a holiday Inn; TV was ancient. If this place was in a small town, the room would be acceptable at best. In Vegas, it's a joke. Compared to the the other hotels on the strip that were charging less for the same nights (Bellagio, Venetian), it was a disgrace.To be fair, room was clean and neat much like any no-frills hotel I've stayed in.	
Oct 19 2009 	Average	Paris is conveniently located. It's a fair hotel for a fair price.	
Oct 18 2009 	Not as good as the first time	Just spent 4 nights at Paris for my husband and my 30th wedding anniversary. Booked and paid for this several months in advance,letting them know of our special occasion and that we were return guests. The woman at the check-in desk could not have been colder and told us all that was available were 2 queen beds even though we booked a king way ahead of time! Of course we could have shelled out an extra 55.00 a night for a view on a concierge floor. We decided it wasn't worth it and took the queen room. The view was of the rear rooms at Bally. We have had previous stays at Bellagio and Treasure Island and each of those hotels gave us a strip view room just for the asking. Besides the television being really outdated the room was fine, although the matresses cound use replacing. We like Paris because of the location, Napoleons and the Burger style sports bar. Breakfast at Mon Am Gabi was good and service pleasant. I saw in other reviews here about the nastiness at check-in and it sound like the same woman in every review. She was Asian but I forget her name. I wish the hotel would moniter their help in the future. When we return next year we will give serious consideration to staying somewhere else.	
Oct 18 2009 	Nice hotel perfect location on the strip	Stayed here from Sunday - Wednesday. First night rate was $105, last two nights were $60. Breakfast buffet is excellent but the server did not do a great job at checking on us. A small pizzeria had excellent food and was wonderful for a late night snack. The casino is nice and I won $50 on the nickle machine after just two spins. Check-in and check-out were simple. Stayed on the 18th floor and the elevators are quick. The room and bathroom were a nice size. I did notice the outside windows needed cleaning. Coffee in one of the shops was $3.50, but that was expected at a luxuy hotel. The location is perfect because it's right in front of the Bellagio and we watched the water show from our hotel window. Planet Hollywood is on one side and Bally's is on the other.The city bus stops right outside the hotel and the $7 pass to ride all day was perfect for getting around the strip all day. A shuttle near the bell stand takes you to the Rio for free. We got on just to see what was over there and it was okey. On arrival, traffic on the street was awful, causing our taxi fare to be $24. Going back to the airport at mid day, our taxi fare was only $13 for the 10 minute ride. If you want to eat outside the hotel, we found the lunch buffett at Bellagio and Ceasars Palace were the best. MGM's dinner buffett was very disappointing. Pink's hot dog stand is next door in Planet Hollywood and that was decent for dinner one night. Don't buy bottled water if you play the slots...the waitresses will bring it to you while you are seated. Three printers are in the lobby to get your boarding passes. The cost was a $5 minimum to log on to the internet. People were using them like mad to print out Southwest Boarding passes. If you have a blackberry, just log in and check in, you can always get the boarding pass at the airport - especially if you have to stand in line to check your bags anyway! No freebies at this hotel, no bathrobe, slippers, coffee pot, paper, etc. You will pay for everything, but you will have a good time - it's Vegas!	
Oct 18 2009 	I love the Paris	This is the second time I've stayed here. It's a large hotel but has a more intimate feel than some of the other large casino hotels, and a guest is least likely to get lost. Check-in formalities was handled at the Diamond check-in room as I was a conference attendee. The elevators are close to check-in, which is nice. The regular check-in area wasn't too busy early in the morning but developed a queue after 12 pm.The room is comfortable, large and nicely appointed but not luxurious as a 5 star but is a solid 4 star, which is what most publications rate this hotel. The room I stayed in showed a little bit of wear and tear on the lounge chairs and the desk area but overall it was above average. The view from my room was towards the Bally Hotel, so it was nothing to brag about, and the windows were actually quite filthy with dust. It made looking out the window rather painful. The bed was comfortable for me and I had no problems with the bedding or pillows. I thought that the wall between the bedroom and the bathroom should have had a picture or something to break up the starkness of that particular wall. The lighting in the room was adequate for leisure and taking care of business work. The television was the standard issue that one finds in most 3 star properties; a flat screen would have been a nice upgrade to the room. The closet space is contained in the television armoir cabinet. It wasn't my favorite arrangement as I prefer a separate closet, but was efficient I suppose. There was the standard ironing board and iron. There was an in-room refreshment bar if you get the hungries. Also, 24 room service is available. I thought the prices were fair for room service at a Las Vegas hotel. The bathroom was solid 4 star, lined with marble, with a separate bathtub and shower enclosure. What the bathroom could have used was a little more light, especially in the shower enclosure, where it was rather dark and hard to see. Water pressure is very low with a water saver shower head so don't expect taking long, luxurious hot showers; drought plagues much of the US Southwest. A nice bath would probably be the better choice if you have the time to fill up the tub. The bathroom toiletries such as shampoo and conditioner have a very pleasant smell that works well for women but maybe a little to flowerly for men. I found it to be so mild that I doubt it would be an issue for men.The airconditioning system was easy to use and worked well, and was very quiet. The rooms in general were quiet with no noise intrusion from my next door neighbors. Being on a non-smoking floor, I didn't have to worry about obnoxious odors creeping into the room from under the door or the a/c system. I ate at the Eiffel Tower and Le Artiste Steakhouse. Both had very-well prepared foods but the Steakhouse opens up to the casino so smoke was somewhat of an issue for me. The Eiffel Tower Restaurant was excellent, and I would patronize this venue for dinner on my next trip.I love the buffet at the Paris. Granted, it's a hotel buffet so the quality of the food dips a notch below plated service because of the mass quantity preparation and the standtime in the steam trays. Still, the overall quality is very good and the variety of foods from various parts of France make this an adventure for those who like to try something non-conventional versus the typical Las Vegas buffet offerings. The public areas are reminiscent of Paris, which really appeals to me. It may be too &quot;Disneyesque&quot; for many but I think it's well thought out and easy to understand. Most of the hotel casinos in Las Vegas are rather gimmicky anyways. The casino and main walkway through the hotel casino is a little easier to navigate due to one main walkway from the front of the hotel to the back. Walking distances at this hotel are minimal if you want to get down to the action of the first floor or if you're the type to get out of the hotel and explore other places along the Strip. In fact, the central location of the Paris makes it easy to walk most other casino properties in 15 minutes or less. Overall, a nice hotel, not too large, easy to navigate, and intimate enough to where you don't feel like one in a big herd of cattle.	
Oct 17 2009 	Not the luxury place I remember	I stayed at this hotel a few years ago on my honeymoon, so when my job took me to Vegas this past week, I wanted to stay somewhere familiar. I had read reviews on this site that said it had gone downhill, and I have to admit they were right. It is still a great location, still great restaurants, but not the service I remember. It took me a while to check in, and I asked for a room close to the elevators. I was given a handicap-accessible room at the end of a long hallway, about as far from the elevators as I could get. I was exhausted after ten hours of travel, but still wanted a bath/shower! So I called from the house phone on the 10th floor, was told a bellhop was bringing up new keys for another room. After a half hour, I dragged all my luggage back down, all the way through the casino, to the reception desk. This time I got someone much friendlier, who gave me a nice upgrade on the 15th floor, facing the Eiffel Tower and Bellagio. Then I went to get ice and there was a previous guest's old fruit in the bucket. Then I washed my face and dried it with a stained towel. Other than those things (which, much to the credit of housekeeping were quickly corrected), it was a decent stay. They gave me a discount the first night because of the housekeeping issues, without my having to ask for it. Also the bed was springy and hard. That could be my problem...I have a Tempur Pedic at home and nothing compares to that! If I stayed here again, I would get an upgraded remodeled room. I should also note that the Paris is quieter than other casino hotels, so that is a plus. And the food selection was great!	
Oct 17 2009 	Nice Very Nice Very Very Nice	Great Hotel, Great Location, Great food inside the hotel, Great Lobby, Great Atmosphere, are you getting the point. This is what you expect when you go to Vegas only the best and this is in that catagory. It is beautiful on the inside you will actually feel like you are in Paris with the little sidewalks and street lights. I have no desires to stay anywhere else when we go to Vegas.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great Scenery - Tight Machines	Just took a trip to Vegas and stayed at the Paris Hotel. Beautiful throughout. Room was OK..........view of the Parking garage, but it was comped so what should I expect. Tried to get a strip view at check in, but clerk in girl wouldn't even listen wanted $58.00 a night for a strip view.......Played slots, machines were so tight, put a $20.00 in and maybe get 10 credit . Tried them all so believe me, they were tight, you would think they would let you win on one of those slots NO PLACE TO GO IF YOU ARE PLAYING SLOTS !!! Nice place if you are not gambling.....	
Oct 16 2009 	needs updating! great location though..	nice hotel on the outside, but the rooms need some updating. service was nice, everyone was friendly and proffesional. Mon Ami Gabi is a great restaurant! its worth a visit during your stay. i wouldnt stay at the hotel again though. dont waste your time going to Ah Sin restaurant... food sucks, service was bad too. being from Vancouver we get spoiled with great sushi, lesson learnt dont have it at Ah sin! also not enoughrestaurants in the hotel. there were half hour line ups to all the restaurants at breakfast...we stayed at mandalay bay last time and no line ups there ever! there were twice as many restaurants though. final word, nice to visit this hotel but dont stay there..enjoy some food at Mon Ami Gabi!	
Oct 16 2009 	Great location...not so great service	We (husband and I) checked into our room, Room was ok, beds werent very comfortable. average hotel room. On the side of the night table there was some white hard not sure what it was stuck to night table, nor sure how long it was there for. Had to get house keeping to clean it. Went to had lunch in the cafe St.Louis, waiter asked us what we wanted to drink..before I finished what I wanted he left and returned 10min later with not what I wanted. Same thing with our lunch. We went for breakfast to the buffet, after waiting in line, which is ok. I expected line ups but we had people cutting in front of us. Not talking about 2 or 3, about 40/50 people at seperate times through the line up. Got up to the til, then just as we were going to pay a man cut in front of us (he was with a travel agent) he thought that justifed cutting in front I guess. Sat down and table beside us were drunk and obnoxious, dropping tongs at buffet putting back on table told one of the servers, took about 5 minutes for them to replace tongs. Much better service at different buffets/restaurants. Very poor service. Really disappointed 4 different times we ate at hotel. However, great location.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great hotel	Nice hotel. Clean, spacious rooms, great views even with the standard view. The hotel lobby/casino has a great Parisian theme that emulates an evening in Paris. To me, the best part about the hotel is that it is not as large as other Vegas hotels in which you feel lost.	
Oct 15 2009 	Trip to Vegas	We go to Vegas every year and the first part of October is usually in the 80's but this time it wasn't, the Paris Hotel had a long line when we went to check in but the line went fast.We had a room with a great view of the Bellagio Fountain and Eifel Tower,the room was clean but the bed wasn't real comfortable &quot;o.k&quot;. We ate at the Crepery restaurant that only serves Crepes and it was o.k, if you really are a crepe lover you will like this restaurant alot and if your not they will be o.k but the buffet is the same price for breakfast. There was only one day we were able to sit by the pool because it wasn't as warm as normal and we moved about 3 times because of the shady areas. The Paris was nice but I will stay somewhere else next year.	
Oct 15 2009 	Rubbish !	in September i went to this hotel and the sevice was a discrase i was waiting at reception aleast for 30mins at max.then i relised when i went into my room the room was not the same as in the picture in the picture it looked about 3* but the real thing looked 1*i am very appaled about this service i will not come here agian i asure you.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good Value for Money	My Better Half and I stayed here after being in Europe for 5 Weeks on our way home to Australia.We stayed for 6 Days. This was our first time at the Paris as we stayed at MGM last year.It is in a fantasic location on the strip making it very easy to get around. Access to parking if you have a car is very simple and very quick with quick return of your car when you need it.To get to your rooms is very quick (Compared to MGM where you walk miles)The room its self was quite comfortable with 2 Queen beds. It was cleaned daily and all services where taken care of. All in All good value for money.We ate in some of the resturants - would recommend booking a meal at the Eifle Tower reasturant as it was good food at not a bad price. Great view.We also ate at Ballys next door which has a great steak place that I would recommend.Tip - we are not into big breakfasts so I brought some cereal from Walgreens and could get small milks daily from the newsagent in Bally's (You cant put it in the fridge as they will charge you for what ever you use)All In all good value for Money - The only down side was that the Casino floor was quit smokey so you had to find an area that was light on for smokers - which we could on most occasions.	
Oct 13 2009 	Fairly nice Vegas hotel but low class bedding	I've been to Vegas many times, but this was my first stay at Paris. It's a nice hotel, I'd say it's on par with MGM, but not quite to Bellagio or Venetian standards. My only problem was with the bedding. The mattresses were bouncy and you could practically feel the springs, the sheets were the roughest I've ever had in a nice hotel, and the pillows were lumpy and awful. The feather pillows, you could feel the feathers poking out, so I had housekeeping bring some foam, and they were incredibly lumpy. Very disappointing as the rest of the hotel was fine. The friends I was traveling with mentioned this, as well, and they are not as picky as I am.The room was big, the bathroom was pretty with a separate marble shower. Everything was very clean, and I am a picky traveler. The blow dryer was a &quot;real&quot; dryer, not the usual hotel &quot;breath&quot; dryer. The pool was nice, although too cold to really enjoy in October. I guess it's a seasonal thing, but the pool didn't open until 10a. Even though it was chilly in the mornings, I still would have liked to have my mornings there. There were only a couple of waitpeople working the pool, even though it was a holiday weekend and got pretty crowded in the afternoons.The shops in the hotel are nice, plenty of choices for snacks and dining, and it's small enough to get around easily. The location, in between Ballys and Planet Hollywood, is not great, in my opinion, as neither of those hotels interest me. It's not too hard to get to Bellagio and the Caesar's complex, though.Overall, I would not stay here again simply because of the low grade, motel quality bedding situation. It was not cheap, and for a similar price I think you can do much better in Las Vegas.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Location food and ambience.	We had a great stay at the Paris Hotel in Vegas. The hotel is beautiful and very well-done, but the best part is its location on the strip. It is very central and you do so much walking in Vegas that this kind of a location is at a premium. Also, the hotel itself is not too big and it is easy to navigate. We used the pool both days and rented a cabana. The pool is large and never seemed the least bit croweded. The cabanas were great, but a bit more expensive than those I've rented at other properties. If you have 6 people or so, then it is totally worth it. I had a massage at the Mandara spa. The therapist was wonderful. DH used the steamroom on the men's side and thoroughly enjoyed it.Overall the service and amenities were great. The staff was friendly and very accomodating. We were in 1034 (premier) and had a great view of the Eiffel tower and some Bellagio fountain views. The sheets on the bed could have used upgrading. They just weren't smooth and soft. The shower felt like a sprinkle, but what can you do???? The room was clean and nice, otherwise. We didn't eat at the buffet, but we did try Ah Sin (just okay) Mon Ami Gabi (very nice) and the pastries place for breakfast was wonderful. Also, our friends had the concierge room added to their plan so I tried that once or twice. I think it is worth the upgrade. You can easily get your $40 worth if you at 2 people and have breakfast their and take advantage of the free drinks (incl. alcohol.) BTW: I didn't gamble here. Instead we went to Bills, 2 doors down. It has lower minimums and a nice middle-of-the-road crowd. Highly recommend it.I would definitely recommend Paris to stay at and Bills to play at.	
Oct 13 2009 	Paris is such a beautiful hotel and in the center of all the action	You don't have to walk far for food, gambling, entertainment! The hotel is very accommodating. Rooms are spacious and clean. We spent 4 nights there and always ended up back at Paris Casinos. Very enjoyable stay!! Will come back.	
Oct 12 2009 	Will not return	The Paris Las Vegas did not provide great service. First problem was check in. Even though we asked and were assured of rooms near each other and on a higher floor, that did not happen. Rooms were far apart and just above the swimming pool. No view, even though we paid for a view. Plus, we had the music from the pool area coming into our room starting at 9 in the morning. Secondly, the bathroom shower had mold in it and it was not attended to, even after a request. One lamp did not work -- no chain to turn it on or off. That was fixed the second day. Finally, the street cafe placed us at a table and then we saw no one for ten minutes. After I got up and caught someone, we were finally attended to. Simply put, I expected a nice stay for our family that had not been there before. We were embarrassed at the service. If you go, be prepared.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good Hotel Nice property Excellent Location	Great experience of being right on the strip. The casino and indoor passages are nice because it does not appear that you are outside. Nice blend of elegant and casual; trendy and traditional; bohemian and chic. It may not be the best property in Las Vegas but it is for sure unique! Give it a try!	
Oct 12 2009 	Good - clean room fair view.	This hotel was very clean and very roomy. When checking in, we asked the lady at the front desk for a room with a fountain view. She acted as though she could accomodate us - no problem. Our view was of the pool and the tip of the fountains. It was not a bad view, better than the alternative. It was a nice hotel. Good food. Would probably stay again.	
Oct 10 2009 	Love it here but this time...	This is the third time this year we've gone to Vegas. I always love to stay at the Paris because of the location. It's smack right in the middle of the strip and you just literally walk out of the casino and you're on it. The rooms are nice and the Red Rooms which are on the upper floors are newly renovated and the best. The casino is easy to get around and the cocktail servers are always good. This is the first time I've been up the Eiffel tower and I would say that, One, I wouldn't stand in the line that there is for it and two, I wouldn't pay that kind of money either. (my husband was comped VIP tix up from the pit boss) The check-in staff wasn't as friendly as they usually are and not very accomadating when it came to getting us a strip view or anything close to where we wanted our room. So, we ended up staying in the Bellagio where we had a view of the lake and strip. We went down with 6 friends and we gave our Paris room to 2 of them. I love the Paris, don't get me wrong. The casino staff is fantastic! I couldn't believe that they couldn't get us a better room considering they invited us down for a poker tourney and gave us the room. Anyway, I'll still go back and maybe get better service at check in. The pool is just a round pool, so if you're going to be at a fantastic sunning spot, this isn't it.	
Oct 10 2009 	Nice but not that nice	I recently visited Las Vegas for a six-day conference and made the Paris LV my home. The hotel is very upscale and operates almost like an amusement park, with the themed stores and restaurants. The Eiffel Tower landmark and the simile of the Arc de Triumph make you feel as if you are visiting Europe.The check in experience was typical Las Vegas on a Friday, meaning it was about 1/2 hour standing in line. Since I was traveling on a group hotel rate, I was not too bothered by the room with two queen beds, nor the &quot;wonderful&quot; view of the Bally's Hotel next door, but as I walked to my room, there were several cigarette butts on the hallway carpet, (that had not been cleaned up until late the next afternoon). The room was generally clean, with the exception of mold clinging to the grout in the shower. The design and size of the room was adequate, (even if they had to stuff two queen size beds into it), however, why do the beds have to be situated so close to the walls that you have to climb over the bed to turn on or off the lights mounted on the wall next to them. In addition, in a city that depends on it's convention business, why can't there be at least one wall plug situated near the desk in the room in order to plug in a computer. And as long as I'm talking about computers, one would think that a $15 per day charge for internet access borders on the obscene.The romantic atmosphere would bring me back the Paris, if I were traveling with my wife, but I would not try it again as a business traveler.	
Oct 10 2009 	Wonderful experience	Don't believe the bad reviews you read. The hotel was wonderful. The staff was very helpful and polite. The room was great and the location can't be beat. Walk across the street to see the fountains, hop on the bus right in front of the hotel fo ride down the strip. It was great all around. I was a little nervous after reading some of the reviews, but was very pleasantly surprised. One tip the slot machines don't pay off. Play somewhere else.	
Oct 9 2009 	beautiful hotel 	My husband &amp; I along with two other couples just came back fro m Vegas. The hotel was very beautiful &amp; clean. We stayed in a standard room &amp; it was very clean. The breakfast buffet was delicious &amp; lots of choices especially crepes. Our group was very impressed. &amp; would definetley stay there again. We also did the eifell tower ride &amp; it is a must see espcially at night. The view is absoutley breath taking.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed here Thurs Oct 1 to Sun Oct 4, 2009. We were in room 649P. The room was the biggest non-suite room I have ever stayed in. It has absolutley no view (parking garage). We pd the following for each night before taxes. $79, $129, $129. I got this rate on the Harrah's website. We were offered a upgrade to strip view for $55 per night. We declined, I could care less about the view. We wanted a centrally located hotel. We do not gamble, we just wanted easy access to everything. The hotel was very nice,,,4 star IMO. We did have coffee maker and hair dryer in our room. I will have to add that the french pastries in the pastry shop are delicious!!! They were as good as the ones I ate in Paris, France. I had a different one every day. I highly reccommend this hotel	
Oct 9 2009 	Paris is a lovely trip to another place a transporting ethereal experience.	First, Paris is beautiful. Waiting in line to check-in, my eyes caught sight of glittering chandeliers, gold-accented walls and marble floors. The wait to check-in was short and the clerk who helped me was pleasant and offered a complimentary upgrade, as the King size bed I'd requested was unavailable. The hotel is small by Las Vegas standards, so it was very easy to get around. Fast elevators, lots of signs and wide hallways made it easy. All the staff I encountered were helpful, friendly and professional. I dined at the attached French bistro, Mon Ami Gabi, every night of my stay. Housekeeping service was excellent and friendly. Don't forget to tip your housekeeper!	
Oct 9 2009 	Fabulous las vegas	Paris hotel ou la la great place central posision on the strip room decore excerlent clean spacue well eqipite house maid very helpful eating outlets good celection of food On l room was not ready so they up graded us to a super room no charge	
Oct 9 2009 	Perfect hotel for girls weekend.	Hotel is beautiful &amp; charming. Staff are friendly. Loved everything about it from location to food. Favorite hotel in Vegas. Great place to escape the chaos.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great hotel	I went with my boyfriend for 5 days in Las Vegas. It was a great stay there. When we checked it, we faked that we were engaged and planning to get married that weekend. They upgraded us to a mini suite in the blue room. The room was pretty big. Paris had happy hour every day and the drinks were huge. Also we ate in the Mon Abi Gabi, the restaurant had good food (steak was the best). The Paris buffet was delicious. Location was great, middle of the strip. Pool area had lots of kids, but very nice view of the effiel tower and Planet Hollywood.	
Oct 9 2009 	Reviewing Paris Hotel Buffet (not hotel)	We have always enjoyed the buffet at the Paris Hotel for many years. This last trip thoughwill be our LAST. For 3 adults and a child, we paid over 90.00 for some of the worst foodand service we have EVER experienced. We arrived just as dinner was being served(tip: eat at the last of the lunch service and save tons of $) and I doubted if much fresh food was put out. The quiches were dry dry dry, with NO flavor. The potato dishes tasted as if they had sat out all day and were warmed, the sushi (do they eat that in france?) was so awful we all 4 spit out the bite we put in our mouths. Dry- crumbly, terrible. When we got up to get dessert (yes- we were trying to justify the $$$$ we spent) we had to literally come back to the table and hold up our dishes at shoulder level with 1 hand to get service attention. The plates stayed while we were up getting dessert- approx 5 min,then another 5 in our hands. AWFUL !!!! The soda cups were stacked 4 high for table room and not removed for over 10 minutes. THey had lots of wait staff, they just were not paying attention. PLEASE- until they decide to return to the quality buffet they ONCE were-stay away from this crappy venue. THere are better deals and much better food in Vegas.The coffee shop at Treasure Island was 10 times better- such friendly servers and largeservings of very delicious food! At 1/3rd the price. Try it out !	
Oct 9 2009 	great hotel loved the Red Room	No complaints. We stayed in a Red Room on the 26th floor and th eview was great. Pool was awesome. Loved this hotel	
Oct 8 2009 	Delightful relaxing stay	Easy, pleasant check in, front desk most helpful, great room, spacious, with appealing views of Las Vegas. Easy to get from room to parking garage, casino, restaurants. Enjoyed strolling through the shops between Paris and Bally's. Floor staff on casino floor very easy to find and very accomodating. Cocktail service excellent, never had an empty glass. Cannot wait to go back to this hotel/casino.	
Oct 8 2009 	We truely thought we was in Paris!!!	From the moment my sister and I entered the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas, it was like we were truely in Paris. The ambiance was truely like being in Paris France instead of Las Vegas, Navada. The staff truely treated us like we were celebrities. It was a true joy to spend time in the hotel. We even enjoyed the fact that we could eat breakfast and enjoy the view of the fountains from the Bellagio Hotel across the street. Most of all, it was lovely to be able to view the entire city of Las Vegas from on top of the Eiffle Tower. I would highly suggest anyone who is thinking of going to Las Vegas to consider staying at the Paris Hotel. It will be an experience you will not soon forget!!!	
Oct 8 2009	vegas was awesome!!!	My husband and I went to Vegas for our 10th year anniversary and we loved it. We stayed at the Paris hotel, which we absolutely loved. But then again there are so many awesome hotels in Vegas, that let me tell you, we have about the next 7 trips planned. Anyhow, its the best week wee ever had and I cant wait till we can go back on our next anniversary.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Stay!	We have been to Vegas a few times and i have to say that this was our best stay! We were early so our room wasn't ready, but there was a place for our luggage and they delivered it to our room right after we were in our room. We had a (P) room (larger room on the corner) and it was great! Large and very comfy! I wouud suggest asking for one if possible. The hotel is attached to Bally's which was great because lots of choices for food, etc. Gambling was actually a huge surprise and we both ended up winners! We played slots and all table games. Morning's were best for getting quick drink service at the stots (great coffee, starbucks I think!) night service was great on the tables. Perfect location, would definitely use the monorail to get to all hotels quickly!	
Oct 8 2009	More than just gambling	We found many things to see and do in Las Vegas. My absolute favorite was the Eiffel Tower ride at the Paris Hotel. You go 50 stories up an elevator to the top. It was amazing to watch the fountains at the Bellagio from there. U could see the mountains and the airport. Beautiful at sunset. You can stay up there as long as you like to walk around and look out. The conservatory at the Bellagio is changed seasonally. We also took a day bus trip to the Grand Canyon-well worth the long ride.	
Oct 8 2009 	CLASSY HOTEL ON THE STRIP	We had visited this hotel/casino several times but this is the first time that we actually stayed here. It was pretty much as we expected - a clean, attractive hotel on the strip that was reasonably priced. Service was slow in the restaurants even when they weren't particularly crowded but the choice of restauants was excellent. We particularly liked Mon Ami Gabi. Nice place if you want to be on the Strip and not pay a fortune!	
Oct 8 2009 	Must visit	This hotel/casino is centrally located on the strip. The rooms are clean,spacious and is full of amenities. The bedding is clean, and the beds comfortable. The staff is overly friendly and have knowledge of all the best places in Vegas. I would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful Hotel - Crabby Service	Hotel was beautiful. Love the look, location and atmosphere. Hotel staff could have been a lot nicer but maybe they were going for the Paris thing? Rooms were standard but Casino was fabulous.	
Oct 8 2009 	The Perfect Romantic Getaway 	It was my husband and my first experience in Vegas together, and we could not have picked a more perfect hotel! The Paris Hotel was the perfect combination of dining, shopping, relaxation, and Romance that we were looking for...The staff was impeccable, the rooms were very nice and clean, The restaurants where amazing, and the Eiffel Tower experience put the icing on the cake.I would definitely recommend the Paris Hotel for anyone planning to stay in Vegas, especially those celebrating a special occasion with their loved one.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very nice especially with a discount beware of deposit.	I stayed two nights with my husband and children ages 14 and 8. I got a large discount on the room due to being a member of the Total Rewards program which this casino is a part of. While the room rate was very good for 2 people, around $59, with 2 added people in the room (my kids) the rate went to around $100. What I failed to notice on the reservation confirmation is that I was required to pay a $250 deposit for the room when I checked in. They do not just imprint your card, they either charge the full $250 to your card, which I was told would be refunded to my card within 10 days, or I could pay them in cash and get it back at the end of my stay. I chose to pay cash, as I have played the refund game before. Because I chose cash, the mini bar machine in my room was disabled. Which was fine. I got a room with a view of the model of the Arc d'Triomphe which was nice. The pool was open but really too cold to enjoy. The location was great and the room was nice.	
Oct 8 2009	Genteel Crowd Fabulous Location	Fantastic location and views from the hotel. Right next to the mall in Planet Hollywood. Super huge pool. Very few kids.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good value for money but nothing special...	Good and bad! Check in took literally FOREVER... about an hour of queue time. My parents room was not ready, even though we were checking in after our alloted time. The rooms weren't anything special, and I guess I was just expecting some a little 'more' from a Strip hotel in Las Vegas. It just lacked the wow factor in my humble opinion. However... it's good value for money and the location is ideal. It's right in the middle of the Strip so perfect for exploring either end. The pool area is huge with lots of sun beds, but not enough waitresses, especially during the busy lunch period. My brother used the gym and spa area and recommends that. The French cafe serves the best waffles for breakfast and if you eat at Mon Ami, request a terrace table for a great view of the Bellagio fountains.	
Oct 6 2009 	Beautiful hotel - excellent staff	I arrived at the Paris Las Vegas after over 30 consecutive hours of travelling and was completely exhausted. Thankfully because of the early hour I was able to check in straight away but because of some error my booking was not in their system (despite prepaying with hotels.com). The room I had booked was completely unavailable for the first night of my stay so they upgraded me to a beautiful room with a nice view. I expected to be moved once the type of room I had paid for became available but I was not. The room they put me in was decorated in the French style and was very elegant like most of the hotel. It was extremely spacious and had a large and beautifully fitted bathroom. I never visited any of the more formal hotel restaurants as I was travelling solo but i had a few great meals from the vendors and cafes along the &quot;paved street&quot; which adjoins the Paris to Bally's. The hotel is centrally located on the strip and is within very easy walking distance of all the major casinos. There is also the monorail system nearby (Bally's) which can take you quickly and cheaply to almost all the casinos which is a great option in hot weather. The staff were always incredibly friendly and polite in all my interactions with them and I would definitely recommend this hotel to others for service, location and incredible value for money.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great time at Paris!	We stayed at the hotel for five nights from 9/25 to 9/30/09. We had no problems with check in and were even allowed to check in early. From reading previous reviews I was expecting less than mediocre service, However Florieda was very nice and helpful. We got a great room with a excellent view of the Eiffel Tower and Bellagio Fountains. Our room was clean and roomy. Our housekeeper Claudia was excellent, very nice and prompt! We used valet the entire time with no problems til checkout, we waited quite a while to get our car and the bellman coulden't wait any longer and just dumped our luggage on the curb while we waited. The casino itself was fun and we had great cocktail service. The buffett was good, however the meat carver was extremely rude to us. For as much as you pay to eat there you should atleast get service with a smile...is that too much to ask??? Overall, It was fun, I would stay here again but eat elsewhere : ) AND last but not least the small bar outside the Eiffel Tower...WHAT GREAT SERVICE from the bartenders. These two changed our outlook on our stay! Very nice and customer oriented.	
Oct 5 2009 	Excellent hotel	I stayed in the paris hotel for 4 nights in september with my partner. When we arrived i expected large queues as I have been to vegas before but the service was very quick and the receptionist was really pleasent. I asked for a strip view and paid for an upgrade which gave us a huge room with a great view of the pool and the bellagio fountains, it also incuded a continental breakfast, pre dinner snacks and drinks. It was really great value and I would recommend doing it. The bathroom in the room was also large and the shower was huge. The room and the hotel in general were kept really clean. We booked a trip and a show through the hotel and they were really helpful and searched really hard to find the perfect trip for us. We used a few of the cafes and the service and food was lovely. I loved this hotel and if i was back in vegas I would stay again without question.	
Oct 3 2009 	great view but	The view from our room was spectacular as you can see the big Paris globe and Eiffel tower in front of the hotel and the Bellagio fountains at night. You can see all the fountain shows except that you can't hear any of the music. Kind of disappointing since I always enjoy the fountain shows whenever they are going off. The room itself was kind of small and the furniture seems dated since this is one of the only hotels I knew of where they didn't have a flat screen television.	
Oct 2 2009 	Just Like Paris!	We stayed at the Paris hotel in Las Vegas for 3 nights in September. When we got there, we were overwhelmed by the beauty and creativity of the hotel. Chandeliers filled the reception area, and even the bathrooms were kept clean and classic.The pool area was my favourite! It was in the courtyard, just under the Eiffel Tower, and you could see Caesar's Palace in the near distance.The room was big and beautiful!! Loved the european detailing in the bathroom. The cute little french restaurants, cafes, and cobblestone pathways made it feel as if you were really in Paris!We also ate at the Eiffel Tower restaurant one night which had an amazing atomophere and view of the strip and the Bellagio fountains. The hotel in general is in a great location, right in the middle of the Vegas strip.I would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone, and would without a doubt stay here again. Prices were very reasonable for what you get!	
Oct 1 2009 	Nice stay at Paris	My sister and I stayed at Paris Las Vegas for two nights near the end of September 2009. Overall, our 2-night stay was very nice, the location is great, and the room clean.Check-in was quick although the employee seemed irritated and was unable to find our reservation until I provided my confirmation print-off. Room was on the small side and a little cramped, but clean. It showed some wear, but still nice. The bathroom was large and clean, as well. We had no view (except of the side of another building), but didn't ask for one either.There were lots of food options. We ate at the burger place and the little deli/bakery. The food and prices at both were good, the service was okay.For the price we paid, location, and generally nice accomodations, I would stay at Paris again.	
Sep 30 2009 	Horrific Service	My wife and I had been to Vegas once prior to this trip and thought the Paris looked like a beautiful place to stay - which it is from the casino, the shops, and the outside. There are no benefits from being a hotel guest. We booked the room on their website directly. When we arrived to register they tried to change our room to a double queen rather than the king that we reserved. They screwed up our debit card and put a HUGE hold on it so we were without funds for 36-hours until our bank opened and we could force the hold off of our account. They had no explanation or apologies for our troubles they simmply said &quot;that's standard operating procedure&quot;. I understand how holds work, but this was HUNDREDS more than necessary. As a motel guest anywhere else in the country you usually get free internet, but not here. A bottle of water is $4!! Beer is anywhere from $5-$8 for a draft beer! The best customer service we had from the Paris was the bell man, he was very kind and helpful. All of our other experiences with staff was horrible, we were treated like pond scum! We will NEVER stay at the Paris again. By the way, if you get hungry and want room service to bring some chips and dip to your room, it's $35. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else. For the amount we spent, we should have received better service.	
Sep 30 2009 	Magnifique!!!	I cannot say enough good things about Paris Las Vegas Hotel!! I have been to Vegas at least 10 times and stayed at many hotels there but this was my first time at Paris.We plan to go back next year and will stay there.The food, room, service, check-in and out were all a Class Act...You will not be disappointed!!!! Tina and Stephen from Canada	
Sep 29 2009 	Paris Hotel Las Vegas	My husband and I visited Las vegas for the third time and stayed at Paris Las Vegas.When arriving after traveling from England for 24 hours on a plane then queued for 30 minutes at check in at 10pm at night Vegas Time. We where asked if we wanted the following Up Grades .90 dollars a night for a Le mann Suite or 55 dollars for a room on the strip. As we had already payed a lot of money to get there and where leaving our stuff for two day to go to San fran did not feel it was worth it.The room we got was a nice clean room with a large showe for two and a bath and showed the side of the end of the hotel and could see the fountains if we stood at the end of the window. We visted the pool three times and was great but was full of leafs and a little bit cold to swim in but nice to sit by. Drinks where very expensive at 20 dollars a cocktail .We ate in the hotel for breakfast at the buffet but did not enjoy it and was not worth the money. Nothing was in the right place . For example cereal was not with milk. Cereal bowls and spoons had to be asked for . There was cake for breakfast which was wierd.We ate at moni gabi and although ate before was not good at all and where sat next to a man and two ladys of the night who all ate off one plate.We went to the Night club which was tiny and the bar made screamed at me as i asked for Rum and coke and she gave me Brandy . When i said that i had not ordered it she screamed you saw me pour it out. The place was so dark i could not see anything apart from her screaming in my face.The main problem was that our room keys would not work 5 times and had to be let in the room after passports where shown .The good thing about paris is it central the bad think is its plastic Paris. No one is french but they pretend to be and the french music in the lift gets on your Nerves. They also do not clear the room service plates away and are left in the hall for two days to three.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good Trip	Stayed at Paris 9-19 to 9-23. Arrived at 1:15 PM, room was not ready. We were told to call from a house phone in an hour. Checked our luggage outside and told when our room was ready to call te=hem and the would bring up our luggage. Room was ready an hour later and our luggage was delivered within 5 minutes after we called. We got an older standard room which was comped. The only complaint I had about the room was the water pressure. Gambling was good at Paris and other Harrah's properties. The Goldfish machines are a lot of fun. Location is great - right in the center of the strip. You can catch the shuttle to to Rio out in front as well as the Deuce bus. The Deuce will take you all the way downtown - you can get a 24 hour ticket for $7 and get on and off as many times as you want. Paris is connected to Bally's. Ballys personnel are super friendly. Went to see Price is Right at Ballys. We did not win but was a fun show. The buffet here is good. We went for breakfast. If you go for lunch make sure you try the cannoli located in the center island. They are excellent. Buffet at Harrahs and Ceasars are also good. Do not go to Belligio unless you like seafood.	
Sep 29 2009 	PAris Hotel WAY better than other reviews would led me to believe	I was terrified, just terrified to stay at this hotel after I read the reviews on this site; well, thankfully they were all wrong, all of them. We arrived for our conference at 11:00pm, there were no lines, the lobby was beautiful, sparklingly clean and the check in was easy. Paula, who works the night shift there, gave us a free upgrade to the most beautiful suite, it is larger than my NY apartment and reminded me of the old Plaza Hotel. The room was clean and lovely and had two bathrooms and a huge jacuzzi. The hotel halls were clean and well lit and the maid service was spectacular. We got turn down service and that was just sweet and lovely. The food in the hotel is just o.k. and the casino seems dark but we didn't gamble there so who cares. The pool was beautiful and the hotel is very quiet. I would stay at this hotel again, no question and I would recommend it to anyone. I don't know what these other people are going on about, really.	
Sep 29 2009 	Our stay at the Paris Las Vegas Hotel	OUR STAY AT THE PARIS LAS VEGAS HOTEL My Wife and I came back to Las Vegas to celebrate our one year anniversary, we were married there in 2008. As usual, our trip to Las Vegas was fun and exciting. We decided to stay at the Paris Las Vegas, for our return trip, and considered it is a good place to stay for the price. However, this most recent stay at Paris Las Vegas, was a little disappointing. Before our arrival we called to confirm our reservation and to inform of our arrival time, we upgraded our room to the Premier Room with a view of the pool and the water show at the Bellagio, across the street, as well as, the Eiffel Tower (a $55 a night upgrade). When we arrived to our room, we had noticed the room with a view had to have the dirtiest windows, looked as though the windows had a film/water spots, etc. (very cloudy), not very appealing for the room with a view. We had also noticed clutter from the previous visitors on the floor, which was left throughout our entire three-night stay. In addition, two of the four light bulbs were burned out in the bathroom, again all three nights, as well as, plumbing problems with the toilet (We called for maintenance, it took an hour to show up). The shower stall / door had mold &amp; mildew growth around the door and floor of shower stall. We were also disappointed to find, no refrigerator, microwave or coffee pot for visitors’ use, although we were charged for moving items around the mini bar to make room for our own items (the charge was corrected after discussing the issue with the front desk &amp; Housekeeping.) Another incident occurred while we were there, the room next door, had a lot of commotion going on, banging on the walls and yelling. Evidently, it got worse the next day, Hotel Security was in the hallway, blocking it one afternoon when we were coming back to our room. The persons occupying the room, were being told they needed to leave, not sure what that was about, but made us feel uncomfortable, upon arriving back to our room. In the past we have referred our friends / family to stay at the Paris Las Vegas, and hopefully they did not experience any of the inconveniences we had. We hope Paris Las Vegas strives on improving the items / concerns mentioned above.	
Sep 29 2009 	Average hotel with poor service standards claiming to be 4*	I stayed here 2 nights in late September 09. I was disappointed. From check in to check out, there was nothing special about my stay. The check in process is like a cattle call, as you wait in a massive line for about 45 minutes to be called to the next station. The woman I had check me in was unpleasant and rude and very unhelpful. She acted like I was being a pain by asking what the account balance was. When enquiring about the internet and whether it was secure she just looked at me then finally said 'when you log in you'll find out'. Um, ok! I asked about late check out and she said 'don't know, call on your last day'. If you need any help during your stay and want to speak with someone you have to wait in the massive check in queue just to ask a simple question. The concierge is very limited and just direct you to check in. The room itself was spacious but nothing great. My window was so dirty I couldn't actually really see out of it. There are no special little extras you expect to find in a 4* hotel. The TV is limited, and the internet is $15 a day (and no it is not secured). Overall I have come from staying in about 20 Eastern Europe hotels before Paris Las Vegas and even they were better than this hotel. I wouldn't stay here again, and recommend paying a little more to stay at some of the other hotels on the Strip that will offer you good service.	
Sep 29 2009 	Our bargain find turned into a great holiday	myself, my partner and two other couples booked a really cheap deal to stay at the Paris Hotel in Vegas for a long weekend. We knew it was going to be nice but oh my god what a place! When we walked in the doors we were in awe of the way the casino was set out. It was just like being outside, with stars in the sky, just like on a summers evening on the streets of Paris. Unfortunately when we all booked in our room wasn't ready so we were asked to wait an hour. We went and looked at the other couple's rooms which were fantastic and then went back to reception. Our room still wasn't ready so they gave us a different room a few floors up from the others. OH MY GOD what a room is all I can say! It was absolutely amazing!!! The view was fantastic, the facilities werew great, we couldn't have asked for more. The other's spent the weekend very jealous of our upgrade!!There are so many food outlets, all looked very nice and the ones we tried were very good. The only down side is the casino. It doesn't seem to have any atmosphere. But lets be honest with so many other casinos around we never spent too long in the Paris casino.	
Sep 29 2009 	Beyond Expectations	This is my 2nd stay at the Paris Hotel. (We booked a vacation through Southwest Airlines and got a very good deal.) The first time was around 5 or 6 years ago. The hotel was beautiful but a little over air conditioned. (It was surprisingly not as hot as usual in July so the inside was a little cool.) We were actually given one of the newer &quot;red rooms&quot; which was beautiful. It overlooked the ballon and archway.Mon Ami Gabi is probably the best restaurant at the hotel. French food, but not overpriced. We ate on the outside terrace both times with a minimal wait. Skip Ah Sin. We ordered the all you can eat sushi &amp; I had to send mine back it was so bad. But they icely enough didn't charge me for it &amp; gave me a new meal.The Effiel Tower experience was worth the wait in line, though a tad claustrophobic in the elevator. We bought our tickets 2 days before to go on a night tower trip, so we only ended up waiting in line about 20 minutes and go to see the Bellagio's water show from the tower.We saw a few shows while in Vegas. I woud highly recommend &quot;O&quot; and &quot;Terry Fator&quot; Both highly entertaining and worth the ticket prices.We used Presidential Limo to get to and from the aiport. It's much easier than using the airport shuttles or a cab.The only downside to our trip (besides the lack of sunny days but who can blame the weather?) was that one day someone threw up in the pool, so the pool was closed for the day and we were sent over to Bally's pool which was not even half as nice.	
Sep 28 2009 	Good location but in need of updating	Recently spent Thursday – Sunday at Paris. In short, if you are looking for a mid range hotel (with a good location) without service and rooms that need updating – this is the place for you.One week before arrival we received an email upgrade offer for an upgrade to a view or an upgrade to a view and lounge access. We decide to take the lounge access upgrade since it sounded like a decent deal ($60 per night for breakfast and drinks / food at night). We checked in late (11 pm) on Thursday. Somewhat surprisingly there was no king room available (had requested), but were told we could switch on Friday. The check in lady was useless. Her main purpose was to try to up sell -- She did not tell us anything about the hotel (elevators, lounge location, what the hotel charge slips were). The room we had overlooked the pool and was dated. The windows were in a major need for cleaning and the entire room had seen better days – the alarm clock was broken, hair dryer was useless, TV was old and not good, etc.On Friday morning we went to the lounge for breakfast, after calling the front desk to find out where it was (our keys did not work, but the rep in the lounge fixed them). The breakfast options were very basic (fruit, cereal, bagels, coffee, OJ) – no hot items. We left and went to the front desk to change rooms – the rep was helpful and arranged the change. We also told them we did not want the lounge access anymore and she made it clear that we would also lose our upgraded view – we did not have a problem. We could keep the old room until we received a message to change rooms (around 3pm). Later in the day we returned to the room and no message light – around 3 I check and found we had a message (the phone light was broken) to change our room (the room was ready 10 minutes after we were at the front desk (makes me wonder of it was available the night before). Our new king room was in slightly better condition, although the hallway leading to the room had numerous holes in the wall. The new room again had extremely dirty windows and a bad hairdryer again (this one actually stopped working when it over heated). If it were not for a good location on the strip and decent casino (poor sports book) I would not consider the hotel in the future.	
Sep 26 2009 	Wonderful experience!	We really enjoyed our stay at the Paris, Las Vegas. We were surrounded by elegance, great service, great food, and fun! The rooms are lovely, the Mon Gabi restaurant is excellent. We sat outside every morning for breakfast there. The casino and shops are all so well designed with an eye for detail and interesting settings. The service was wonderful and the location is really great at the center of the strip. We enjoyed the park-like pool setting and music in each area of the hotel.	
Sep 25 2009 	No Lagniappe	Lagniappe is the Cajun word for a little EXTRA. Meaning a service surprise over and above standard service. The Paris has none. The bed was hard and as the employee of the month confirmed at checkin, all floors from 24 down were not updated the past ten years and recommended an upgrade for $40.00 more a night. As a gold card member I realized you do not get any benefits, which was confirmed by the low return in the casino. My recommendation is to go to a MGM_Grand hotel, where they charge more for the room, but give you a chance to win at the tables and slots. The food is also better at the MGM-Loews Hotels. TRY um...ie: Belllagio Buffet and Greenburgs Deli.	
Sep 25 2009 	Wish I Had Known These Things	We got a pretty good deal with Southwest Vacations on airfare and hotel. Then we paid more for the concierge lounge to get a view but they put us on the 15th floor. Turns out that the 15th and 31st floors have a concrete fleur de lis things outside the windows that block your view a bit. You also need to be pretty high up to see the Bellagio Fountains (my favorite). The lounge was nice and the food was pretty good. The room was very clean. The showerhead was not adjustable and you had to stand under it twice as long to get the soap off. Doesn't that defeat the purpose?Mon Ami Gabi-Not that great. Very noisy. Would have been nicer to go to one of the Bellagio restaurants and sit on a terrace. Probably wouldn’t have cost much more, if at all.Paris Buffet-Not as good as we remembered. No crème brulee at breakfast.Cabana-We were in the last one on the side by the hot tubs and closest to the Eiffel Tower. The couch was not as nice as in the other cabanas I noticed and the lounge chairs at the other cabanas had cushions.	
Sep 24 2009 	Beautiful hotel; unbending check-in	I have just taken a senior adult tour group to the Paris Hotel and had a generally positive experience. However, there is one thing worth warning about. For groups, the hotel claims to offer an early check-in at 3:00 rather than 4:00, as though that's a big favor. In our case, arriving at the hotel by 9:30 a.m., that still meant nearly six hours of killing time before seeing a room. Even though individuals were getting into clean rooms earlier in the day, there was no bending for a group, which you'd think might be a higher priority. I even asked to get a few rooms early and was told all the group rooms had to be released at the same time. Incidentally, we learned the hard way that in this Vegas hotel, there are literally no seats in public places other than at the gambling stations or restaurants.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great stay at the Paris!	My Mom and I stayed at the Paris for 4 days – Sept. 13th to 17th. This was our first time in Las Vegas.First, the Paris: We arrived at the Paris at 3:45pm and waited in the check in line for 20 minutes. Farida, who checked us in, was EXCELLENT! We got the room we requested (Luxury) on a non-smoking floor. Farida was very personable and friendly and the person you want to be greeted by after a long day of traveling. The reason for the long check in line was 1300 conventioners checking in that day. Farida asked if we would be using the mini-bar and said no. We had no problems with any unauthorized charges for the mini-bar on our credit card. Remember: this is not a fridge for your personal use so if you buy any beverage at a store, go to the ice machine on your floor to keep your drinks cold.The Paris was a very clean hotel, from the lobby to our room (#1693), to the restaurants. We don’t gamble so we did not spend any time in the casino. The hotel is located mid-Strip which makes is accessible to many hotels close by (Bellagio is across the street; Ceasar’s Palace just down the road; Flamingo across the street; Planet Hollywood is next door). The monorail is great for traveling to the hotels further afield (such as The Venetian, the Sahara). It runs from Ballys which is connected to the Paris. The cost is $5 for one single trip; $13 for a full day pass; $30 for a 3-day pass (they sometimes have discounts on these prices).We ate at Le Village Buffet on the first night for dinner and the food and variety were excellent. We only ate there once as we do not eat a lot food to get our money’s worth at buffets.We ate twice at Mon Ami Gabi – lunch and dinner. We were lucky to be able to get a table outside on the Strip watching the people and the Bellagio fountains. The food at both sittings was very good.We had breakfast at Le Café each morning as we only have cereal or toast and tea. We had dinner there once and had a bad meal – bad as in they advertised one thing but brought something different. Sent it back and ordered something else but the dinner was spoiled because of that and the waiter’s attitude didn’t help either (he was the only person at the Paris that was rude).Check out was a breeze. We checked our account on the tv each day to ensure there were no charges on the card. You can check out on the tv between 7:00am and 3:00pm (I think I got that right). Attractions:1) Bellagio Fountains: they were great, a must see especially at night. We went to see the botanical gardens at the Bellagio but it was being torn down that day as they were changing from their summer display to the autumn display. 2) Secret Garden &amp; Dolphin Encounter (The Mirage) – the Secret Garden holds lions, white tigers, a black panther, and a 10 month old leopard. The Dolphin Encounter does not provide a dolphin performance – it’s a research and training facility and you can watch the trainers with the dolphins.3) The Venetian Hotel: you must go and see the lobby and look at their ceiling – magnificent! We took the gondola ride ($16 per person for about 15 minutes) and enjoyed the experience. We had dinner one night at Canelletos – excellent food. We ate outside (actually inside but it looks like you are eating outside with the ceiling painted as the sky as you will see in some of the hotels) and we were entertained by singers.Shows: We went to the Terry Fator and his Cast of Thousands show at The Mirage. What a laugh! He and his puppets were hilarious. A must see!The only bad experience in Las Vegas was the people standing on the street flicking cards constantly and trying to give them to you as you walk by them – these cards are promoting girls and sex. I’ve been told (whether true or not) that the city can’t get rid of them as they have claimed “restraint of trade”. The cards are thrown on the ground and left there dirtying the street. I say make them pick them up.There were many other hotels and attractions that we wanted to see but we couldn’t fit them into our 4-day stay. I guess we’re going back to Las Vegas next year.	
Sep 23 2009 	Excellent Service Hotel and Location! Good selection.	The Paris is an excellent hotel - Very central on the strip, great food, great service, great rooms. We just had 10 days there - fantastic. Good Casino (average size i'd say) - a little more mature/grown-up than the nearby Planet Hollywood, Luxor, Excaliber - but the guests aren't too old - so not like the Flamingo, Caeser's, Rio.Its relatively quiet in the day (nice) and of course heats up at night - but didn't get too busy that you couldn't get great service. Good Pool area, not so good Spa (a bit over-priced and actaully a little dirty/run down too - not up to the class you'd expect from the rest of the place). Try the very reasonable buffet - and the other restaurants are good too (except the Italian - which was poor). Pick this hotel - get a good price - and it will make your stay a great one!&quot; Top Tip:&quot;Ask for an upgraded room when you check in - try for something 27th floor or higher (dont worry - there are elevators just for 27th+ floors) - we got a great room with view over the pool, Effiel Tower and Bellagio fountains - Nice. Just pass over $30-$50 when you check-in to smooth the way....small price to pay. When your playing at the tables - ask if they have any discount markers to the restaurants and buffets - we got 20% - 40% off every time - great!	
Sep 19 2009 	Do not stay at Paris Las vegas!	We came to Paris Las Vegas on our anniversary and have been so disappointed from the begining. The key from the King Luxury room we booked in advance we never got. After walking around for 3 hours, we came back at 9pm and the room still wasn't ready and we got just a stardant room with a pool view. (We think the room was clean but somehow they didn't want to give it to us). I came down 3 times to get my King Luxury room keys and the lady worked that night talked to me so depreciatingly, started argue with me. She even ask me if I have a problem with a standart room? Yes, of course I did. All my plans I had that night went out and only one nice thing to remember about this stay is because we went to Ceasars Palace. Was beautiful!We do not understand how staff can work at the places like this without any smile, talk to us so unrespectable. We are coming to Las Vegas to rest and have fun after flights all day long and expecting a liitle bit more attention. If your staff can't do it, then it's a time to review your enployees.I really got hurt by a lady worked that night. I'll never ever come to this place again!I'm living in this beautiful country, but this experience I wish to forget because of the some person not care about doing a job well.	
Sep 18 2009	Excellent location	Paris is located right in the center of the strip---easy access to everywhere. Pool and all dining great; even had a small store with late night snacks. Would definitely stay there again!	
Sep 18 2009 	Great Stay at Paris!	My mother, sister and i had a girl's weekend away in Vegas over the Labour Day weekend. it was our first time in Vegas and we thought Paris would be a good fit for our needs. We found it to be exactly what we were looking for. The staff were all extremely helpful (minus the people at the tours desk - weren't too much help unless you were interested in purchasing a tour), and the location can't be beat! We arrived early (approx 10:30am) and there were no problems checking in early. The room was nice and spacious and clean. We ate at both the burger place (i can't remember the name) which was delicious as well as JJ's Boulangerie which again was fantastic (highly recommend the baguettes as well as the coffee - to die for!). We used the pool one day and had no issues finding chairs depite it being busy. We also like that the casino itself wasn't as big as some of the others as we are not big gamblers. We also enjoyed the novelty eiffel tower drinks and the cermaic paris balloon souvenir cups - not too bad at $15 filled with strawberry margarita! Would definitely recommend this hotel! (not Paruis related but DEFINITELY try the brunch buffet at the Bellagio across the road!! Well worth the price!)	
Sep 16 2009 	Second stay at the Paris it's ok not great.	The best part of this hotel is the location as most reviewers have pointed out. My wife and I recently stayed 5 days/ 4 nights from 9/7 - 9/11/09 to celebrate our anniversary; we spent 3 nights at this same hotel the year before. The hotel is nice, the service staff is somewhat friendly. I've found that the housekeeping staff to be much friendlier than the front desk. The rooms and hallways are showing some wear, but this isn't exactly the Four Seasons nor The Ritz Carlton.Lenotre is a cafe within the hotel which offeres pastries/sandwiches and coffee; however, just like the year before, the service line is slow just to get a cup of coffee. For some reason, the operation in this cafe just isn't the most efficient. If you don't need the immediate caffeine hit first thing in the morning and refuse to wait in line for at least 10 minutes, walk 5 minutes to the south where Planet Hollywood is located, there's a Starbucks there. Otherwise, we dined fairly casually throughout the strip. We spent the afternoons gambling at various hotel casinos up and down the strip. In the evening, we would return to the Paris and play the slots there. The payouts at the Paris was awful, I had much better luck at Planet Hollywood next door and at the New York New York.Walgreens and CVS is just 3 blocks south of the Paris (they are very large blocks), it's the best destination to stock up on bottled water and accessories. The Miracle Mile adjacent to Planet Hollywood has an ABC store which is affordable as well. Try to stay away from the hotel gift shops for water if you don't mind a 5-10 minute walk.My wife wanted to shop at the Premium outlets near downtown/ Fremont street. Rather than renting the most basic car for at least $50/day, we took a cab which was about $20 each way to the outlet. We later found out the some of The Deuce's routes, the double decker bus that runs up and down the strip, also goes up to Fremont street. For only $7 for a 24 hour pass, this is the way to go.If you work out, the gym in the hotel will cost you ~$20 a day (forgot the exact price); internet access within the room will cost you about $15. They'll get you for everything.Overall, we would stay at the Paris again; but I do wonder, what are the other hotels like?	
Sep 15 2009 	Just Okay	First we did have to wait in line to check in but not long. The room that we had was okay nothing special I had a great view of a parking garage.( I guess someone has to get those rooms ) The room did have a nice size TV. I was a little annoyed that I couldn't use the Refridge. If you did you had to pay. NOT WORTH IT!!!! The buffet was excellent we ate there lunch and dinner we didn't make it to the breakfast one but people that we were with said it was very good.Over all I probably would stay there again.	
Sep 15 2009 	Beautiful!!!!	we just got back from Vegas, Paris. Beautiful ! we enjoyed all las vagas has to offer. We did the sight seeing. All the walking in 106 dgree tepms. Always felt like home returning from our outings. the atmosphere is amazing. We were upgraded to the Les mans suit. Very nice ! Staff was awsome. Lou Lou is great ! We'll be back !	
Sep 14 2009 	Just average!!	Stayed here one evening, before returning home. We had stayed at Bellagio the week before, so we thought we would try another place. Price was not that great; room was large as we did a petite suite. Bathroom was very nice, and clean, but overall service at the restaurant was fair to poor, Not very friendly people. We travel to Mexico at least once a yr, and we are spoiled by their willingness to provide great service, something you just don't get at other places. Overal value not so great at any place we went to in Vegas. I would recommend taking the time to go to the old part of town, at Freemont St. People there were more friendly, and definitely not as crowded... I wouldn't stay at Paris again unless the price was more reasonable..	
Sep 14 2009 	What a Disappointment	I normally stay at the Mandalay Bay when I come to Vegas. However, I thought I would try something new this time and stay at the Paris Las Vegas. What a disappointment. The staff is rude and indifferent. Check in was chaotic and stressful. The clerk didn't even bother to look up as she motioned her hand to me and yelled &quot;Next!&quot; The rooms need a major upgrade. There were giant yellow stains on the sheets and soiled fabric on the chairs. The furniture seemed very cheap and had dings and scratches.I was expecting a beautiful experience. But this hotel is a dud. I definitely will not be returning.	
Sep 12 2009 	Paris was awesome.	Don't forget the coupon book. There are free tickets to go to the top of the Eiffel Tower.	
Sep 10 2009 	Loved the Paris Hotel	Our first time in Las Vegas - Paris Hotel booking in - 1st class,staff polite, lovely room, buffet village - great for breakfast and evening meals - did not manage lunch. Absolutely no complaints.Susan Thornton, Scotland	
Sep 10 2009 	greatly disappointed	We picked this hotel for the location and look. We called prior to our trip 3 times requesting a higher floor if possible and facing the strip if available without additional costs if possible. We were told we would be helped if possible. We arrived at the desk and inquired about a room facing the strip and we were told it would be an additional $55.00 per night to get that room. If there was an additional charge we should have been told during one of our 3 phone calls! We did get the 21st floor with a great view of the alley. The room was worn, the tub faucet dripped and the ironing board was very unstable. The buffet for breakfast was great but overall I would not stay there again or advise anyone else to stay.	
Sep 7 2009 	Recession? Then where's the service one would expect?	We have to say this was the worst trip to Vegas we have had. We have been 5 times and stay at different hotels every time. We are always greeted with a smile and friendly front desk staff. Not at Paris. We arrived on a Wednesday before Labour day long weekend. It wasn't busy, yet. When we were called up to the front desk, it felt like I was back at the airport waiting to go through security. Jenny, the desk agent bellowes out &quot;Next&quot; We were excited to be there and was expecting the typical warm greetings, but she had nothing to say to us besides the least she could to get us on our way. I requested a king bed and a strip view when we booked over a month prior. We were told they offer this and that the request is put in. When I asked Jenny, she simply says not available. The strip view can be purchased at an additional $55. I think this should have been told to us when we called last month. Call me crazy, but any time I have stayed somewhere if you request a king bed, you get a king bed. It's like requesting a non smoking room and getting to stay in an ashtray. Anyway, I had to ASK Jenny how to get to our rooms, so I wasn't about to ask her any other questions, since most agents will politely point out on a map where to go. She obviously isn't a people person (good place for her to work). We got to our rooms and had 2 queen's not a King. We were told we could switch in the morning. Super....not! We also requested a late check out for Sunday at 5:00 for a fee of $100. We were told this wasn't a problem. Well being a long weekend, we called the day of, and were told absolutely not. The hotel was 100% capacity and there is nothing they can do. At this point, we were mad. There were lots of other things leading up to this, such as a rude hostess at the cafe, my wife not getting a drink in the casino that she ordered at least a half hour prior, no coffee and half the draught beer out in Napoleons lounge, etc, etc. Mostly little things, but they add up when positive ones don't start happenning. One would think in a time of a recession, a business would extend a warm hand to want guests to return, as we all feel the pinch. Paris must want to extend the pinch to their guests as well. I phoned to speak to management. After being on hold for several minutes, I was hung up on. Finally I got through to Nikki. She was the only staff member who made this trip worthwhile. She deserves a raise as she was friendly, accomodating and relaxed. I was only on the phone with her for 3 minutes starting to describe the stay, and she let us stay in our room until 6:00 for no extra charge. We will not be staying at Paris again. Perhaps we just had a run of bad luck, but with so many other choices, why risk it.	
Sep 7 2009 	SportsBet needs upgrading!!	Stay here once a year at least. Wife and Daughter like to shop, so it's a great location for them. Room and food is great. Hotel seems to always be packed, but I can't understand why all the bars and the sportsbet have the old ( I mean Old) TV's. Have not seen a High Def anywhere in Paris!! I always endup crossing the street to watch sports at another casino.	
Sep 6 2009 	Paris Hotel Lies	Paris Hotel advertises on Vegas.com that if you book 4 nights between Oct 31 and Jan, 2010, you will receive 25% off your stay. When you book it, it does not give the discount. I double and tripled checked my dates to make sure they were not in the BLACKOUT dates under category &quot;Terms and Conditions&quot;, and my dates were NOT in those dates. I called the phone number on the page, and the person on the phone could offer no explanation, only that the &quot;hotel can do what it wants&quot;.	
Sep 5 2009 	clean room good view	good: clean room, bathroom. staff was friendly. view of pool and strip was great. pool is huge, but sun goes down early. second time to stay at paris. buffet has a decent selection, but one staff member was unaware that there was rice available.bad: TV needs to be updated. sprint reception is spotty. internet is not free.	
Sep 4 2009 	Bathroom Backup	Type of Room - Premium - stayed 2 nightsCheck in clerk was somewhat arrogant and snippy – complained about how she was tired and was looking forward to going home. Called us over to her station, started processing our reservation, then left for about 5 minutes with no explanation. Room had a view of the Eiffel Tower and pool and a very partial view of the Bellagio Fountains. Took about 5 minutes for hot water to reach the bathroom every time. Bottom sheets on the beds were not fitted and barely came to the bottom of the mattress. Noticed that dirty food trays were left in the hall for many hours.Housekeeping for our room was fine - the only reason I rated one star for cleanliness was because of the following incident (I just hope this bathroom was thoroughly cleaned before the next person stayed in this room) - On the morning we were going to check out, we had packed up everything and gone to breakfast. We were back in the room, zipping up our suitcases, when I heard a gurgling sound coming from the bathroom – there was black, smelly sewerage backing up from the sink drain, overflowing the sink and spilling onto the floor. Called housekeeping – first thing they asked was if our toilet was backing up. We told them the sink was backing up and spilling onto the floor. After calling housekeeping, someone did show up within a few minutes – at that point we were going out the door with our suitcases – apparently the rooms across the hall also had problems. We did an express checkout and left.	
Sep 2 2009 	Not Gay but excellent location 	First off I should say that one of the main reasons I went to stay at the Paris hotel was because they often market themselves as Gay Paris and me and my partner thought it would be great to stay at a place that was gay-friendly. However this hotel is NOT gay at all...not to say they are anti-gay or anything like that but there is zero evidence that they are gay-friendly in their signage, events, or anywhere. So we kinda felt dissapointed in that respect but despite this, we thought the hotel was AWESOME. The location is centre strip with so much going on to the north and the south that you really get the true Vegas experience. The rooms were clean and the housekeeping staff (in fact all staff) were very friendly and the service was consistently good. Our room was the basic room on the 20th floor and the view was non-existent (we were looking out on a building rooftop) but you don't come to Vegas to stay in the room all day. I would say that this hotel is better for couples and older adult groups because the vibe is very different then some of the more well-known gambling hotels like Ceasar's or Bellagio. The Paris Casino is quite ordinary and not that engaging and small compared to other places. We found that we only used the hotel casino for when we were waiting on dinner reservations, killing some time, or when you get that &quot;i gotta bet some money&quot; urge at 3am. If having an awesome casino in your hotel lobby is important to you then stay someplace else.The pool is on the 3rd floor but is outdoors. Large area with lots of chairs and clean. The FOOD is DELISH! We ate at the Village Buffet which to be quite honest was the BEST buffet we ever had. High quality food and well-prepared--highly recommended. We also ate at the hotel cafes and ordered room service and everything was delicious! However the prices are higher then maybe 3 star hotels which is why I'm assuming there were few children/families staying there. I wish they had a like a fast food court or something in the lobby like other hotels like New York New York because sometimes you don't want to spend $10 on a danish and coffee. I would highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for the Paris feeling (maybe you prefer sightseeing or shows instead of gambling), good food, centre strip at a good price (ie not Bellagio) and enjoy a laid back vibe. I would stay here again but would probably check out another hotel like Ceasar's on my next visit.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Value and fine hotel	We stayed here in June for 7 nights and I cannot say one bad thing about the place. We got upgraded ($20 trick) to a Bellagio fountain view room, and everything was just right. We had only paid $60 per night for the room so we were not expecting the luxury of other hotels but it was clean and in a great location.Definitely recommend staying here if you fancy a great location on the strip with lowish cost.the pool was OK always sun beds available and with a bit of manoeuvering around the eiffel tower shadow you can get all day sunwe hired a car from the front desk which was really easy and spent the day cruising the strip and driving out to red rock canyon.all in all a good trip	
Aug 31 2009 	Good Value	We paid $100 per night (£60) for a standard room and we were very impressed with the size of it &amp; the huge bathroom. Expect a very budy hotel with a possoble delay at check-in. We were sefl-drive and this caused us no issues as huge free car park @ rear. Siutated right opposite the Bellagio Hotel in the centre of the strip it is ideal location for walking/sight-seeing. Excellent noise-free air conditioning in all rooms and despite 3000 bedrooms our bags were delivered to our room(s) within 10 minutes of check-in by very friendly staff.Restaurants - 10 to chose from - expect to pay good money for an average bottle of wine but food was good - v/good in the less formal burger restaurant - huge portions and good value for money.115 degrees during our visit but air conditioning works a treat in all hotels.If you want big, busy and &quot;WOW look a that do Vegas!MJL	
Aug 28 2009 	You can't go wrong with this hotel!	My mom treated me to a trip to Las Vegas for my 40th birthday and we couldn't have picked a better place to stay. Right from the moment we arrived, we enjoyed our stay. Everyone that works at this hotel were very friendly and accommodating- smiles all around. We upgraded our room for $55 a night- this included breakfast everyday, and a light dinner with complimentary drinks every night. We also received two free passes for the Eiffel Tower which was a great way to see the whole strip lit up at night. Our room was very clean and comfortable and both of us found the beds to be very comfortable. The food in the restaurants was excellent and we really enjoyed our meal at Mon Ami Gabi. I also booked a massage treatment at the Mandara Spa which was worth every penny- they treat you like royalty there. One of the best things about this hotel is the location- right in the middle of the strip. As it was so hot there, it was nice to be close to many of the other big hotels. It was a fabulous trip I would stay here again!!!	
Aug 27 2009 	Viva La France	I was apprehensive because of some of the other earlier reviews, but once I got there I was happy that I decided to spend my stay here. Firstly, Check-in was easy however, there was a line when I got there and had to wait for 15 min. This is totally understandable given the size of this property (nearly 3,000 rooms to check in and check out). The Paris theme is a special touch, faux cobblestone street scenery paths through the main level of the property that leads to quaint shops and eateries. The casino was packed on the weekend with lots of gambling action. (More so then other casinos) Good gambling energy to see everyone in a great mood. Daily Happy hour at the pool was also a nice touch. Get to the pool early, as it does get busy, however, I didn't have trouble finding a chair. The staff were all extremely helpful and friendly. Service was great from everyone. The room I had was a premium view room. At check in i was offered the upgrade, but i declined and was happy with the room and the Eiffel tower view. The room was clean and the decor was comfortable TV amoire, safe, two queen beds, two side chairs and a desk and chair. The bathroom was large all marble with separate shower stall. No problems with this property. I would definitely stay here again. Cons: Internet surcharge, most of the hotel on the strip are charging this fee. $15.00 a day for Paris. The hospitality industry works on tips. Friendly smiles and tips go a long way to enhance your experience at this hotel and any hotel on the Las Vegas strip.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great value and really nice room.	We stayed at the Paris Las Vegas for a cheap quick nights sleep on our way to Death Valley. What a value it was! Check-in was extremely slow as they only had three people working and this was at 7:30 at night. However, the room he gave us more then made up for the inconvenience. I have no idea how we got so lucky, but we ended up having an Eifel Tower and Bellagio fountains view! I was ecstatic as this is what I really wanted, but I didn't want to pay the extra charge. The only thing that I asked for when I booked the room is a high floor, away from elevators and at the end of the hall (I'm a light sleeper and I don't like a lot of traffic by our room door).The room was amazing! It wasn't fancy or exotic, but just really nice and big. Everything was clean and looked pretty new. The bed and pillows were comfortable for me and I'm quite picky when it comes to comfort. The bathroom was HUGE and beautiful. Large vanity area, somewhat separate toilet, large bathtub and totally separate glass encased shower. The outdoor swimming pool looked amazing and I sure wish we would have had time to take a dip.From what we saw, the rest of the hotel was very nice. It was neat to walk the streets of Paris. Lots of shops and restaurants located all around. Very easy to navigate. No problem with parking and parking exit is located close to the &quot;streets&quot; of Paris. Over-all a wonderful stay and I'd go there again if the price was right!	
Aug 26 2009 	WOW	After reading all of the reviews, we have to admit but we were kinda scared about the hotel. When we arrived there was a big line up at check in, but we were through in about 5 mins if that. We had only booked a regular room but upon arrival we were upgraded to a beautiful strip view, where we could see the pool, the tower and the fountains across the street. Our room was great and always cleaned. The only down part we saw was that the mini bar you could not place your own items in. The casino was great not overly crowed unlike other ones, our favorite was the Indiana Jones slots, we could not do anything wrong on it and kept winning money. The crepe house was a great breakfast but you might want to share one of them as they are HUGE. Like others have said go down the street for wallgreens for water and munchies, its alot cheaper. Overall great experience and would return in a heartbeat!	
Aug 25 2009 	Good Hotel needs updating	We stayed at the Paris several years ago, just after it opened. The room and floor on this trip was the same decor as our first stay. The hotel is showing signs of the high use and abuse that Las Vegas hotels get. While clean and need, there was damage to the tub that had been poorly repaired, holes in the wall were fixtures had been remove and a old TV that was on its' last legs.I understand that some areas have been renovated, but we were not offered a chance to upgrade.I was suprised to see room service trays sit in the hallway for over 24 hours. Room service, however, was extremely prompt.As long as your not paying any more than the cost of a three star hotel, this is a good bet.	
Aug 24 2009 	great	this was our third stay at the paris and it was wonderful.Service was great...location was great...food and gaming was great. we are going again the first week of sept. Just my husband and myself I cannot wait. We have recommended this hotel to all of our friends. keep up the great work. We have yet to be disapointed with our rooms	
Aug 24 2009 	Great place to stay	Just a great hotel. Perfect location and amazing restaurants if you like a cozy warm inviting hotel. Other hotels try to be fancier but if you want feel like home, then the Paris is a great hotel. highly recommended and definitely try to weasel your way into an upgraded room. No harm in trying!	
Aug 24 2009 	Paris - nice for the amount paid	Overall our stay at the hotel was nice, the beds are not comfortable they are hard. But the bathroom was large and the room was a nice size. We didnt spend much time in our room any way so it worked out fine. There are lots of places to eat and the hotel location was great easy access to the walkways. I would have liked entering the hotel and the first thing you see would be a beautiful lobby and check in counter, but the first thing you see upon entering is the casino floor - only downfall.  Bottled water in this and all other hotels is expensive $3 for a 12ounce bottle. There are other places to buy water so buy elsewhere like walgreens or cvs. Overall our stay was nice and we were happy with the hotel!	
Aug 23 2009 	Romantic	two weeks in vegas got off to the best start ever - we have previously stayed in las vegas at the luxor hotel, which was for a week and a very enjoyable experience. this time we went for two weeks at the paris, right in the middle of the strip. with the eiffel tower being an attraction, my fiance proposed here on our first night, right at the top over looking the grand canyon, at sunset. this says it all. the paris hotel is totally romantic. mon ami gabbi has to be the best resturant on the strip for value for money, exellent food and service. great place for people watching. you truely are walking into a different place at this hotel as soon as you step through the door. buffet's are amazing and also the eiffel tower resturant is also a must go to. one down size would be that the pool has no shade what so ever where the luxor pool had waterfalls to cool off next too this has not even a tree and so you find yuorself going in and out of the water to cool off. the spa is also what one would expect from a top hotel. staff are more than willing to help and aid with any request, we asked for a good room as we were there for a 'long time' which is what we were told at checkin and ended up with a great view of the bellagio fountains. i can not think of a downside to this hotel and i would stay here again	
Aug 23 2009 	"MAGNIFICENT HOTEL"	We've stayed at different hotels in Las Vegas thru the last 20 years but the Paris is the most beautiful place so far, it is central, clean to perfection at all times, the staff is courteous and very friendly (always waitresses around offering you drinks at the casino), the restaurants are fabulous and the food at the buffet to die for! We had a penthouse suite on the 31st floor that was spectacular (we never had to wait more than 45 seconds for the elevator which in my opinion it is fantastic), the bed was a dream, like sleeping on a cloud, the furnishings are so luxurious we felt like royalty!! We will go back very soon. Try this hotel you will not be disappointed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 22 2009	Paris is great!	My wife and I stayed at the Paris from 8-16 to 8-21 on a reduced rate we got from HET. Checkin was a breeze even though there were about 50 people in the line, but they had 6 open windows and it moved well. We were given a room on the 27th floor, facing the strip with a great view of the fountains. We called for out luggage and it arrived in about 5 minutes. Elevators at this hotel are set up by groups of floors and we never waited more than two minutes. The maid service was efficient and everyone we encountered was helpful and friendly. The casino was fun and lively and I really like the vibe of this place.	
Aug 22 2009 	Paris was excellent!!!!!!	My Husband, Mother-in-law and brother-in-law went to Vegas from Sunday, August 16th through Wednesday, August 19th. My H and I are both Diamond members and had complimentary stays at any Harrah's property. We decided on Paris. We are so happy that we did.We arrived in Vegas on Saturday morning at about 10:30am. We took a taxi over to Paris for check-in. We were allowed VIP check-in because of our Diamond status, however, we did notice a long line at the front desk. I couldn't tell whether it moved fast or not, but it was extremely long. Our room wasn't ready, but we had 2705 (red room). The room was lovely and the view was spectacular. We could see the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel tower. My MIL and BIL had 2708 and had a view of the pool. They too had a red room.I'm going to give you the basics:Food - We ate at the Buffet and the cafe. The service at the cafe was long...but the food was pretty good. The Buffet was good, but not alot of variety.Hotel - The rooms were kept well and all the staff seemed very nice.Casino - We didn't win, but the dealers and drink service were excellent. I loved being able to go between Bally's and Paris.Spa - My MIL and I went to Bally's spa for a swedish massage. It was excellent. The Spa at Paris charged more for the same service and didn't allow our discounts...that was displeasing, and in my opinion, not that smart.Location - You couldn't ask for better. We were in the middle of everything. It was too hot to walk anywhere, but everything seemed close via taxi.We enjoyed our stay and plan to pick Paris again.	
Aug 21 2009 	Everything I read was right	I stayed this past week with family and friends. Just like other reviews, our room wasn't ready when we checked in. I called 4 days prior to our arrival to request 3 king rooms on the same floor. When we checked in the person at the counter was rude and said &quot;that was a request with no guarantee&quot;. We had to wait 2 hours for 3 king rooms and they were not on the same floor.The room was clean and nice enough and anytime we requested extra towels they accommodated quickly. The restaurants were good but the service was a little slow. All 3 rooms had views of the parking garage which is not Las Vegas glamour.Everything in the hotel is close and easy to get to and the dealers and cocktail waitresses were nice. I'd recommend this hotel but don't be in a hurry to get to your room.	
Aug 21 2009 	Unathorized entry into room 	Robbed at the Paris Hotel &amp; Casino in Las Vegas on 8/17/2009 - (room 2444)Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Incident Number: [--]Paris Hotel Security Event Number: [--]Crime is everywhere but how the Paris Hotel &amp; Casino reacted to this robbery is amazing. While my wife and I were sleeping, someone entered our room and stole a travel bag, purse and wallet. When the hotel was notified, they seemed put-out that we were bothering them. We had no money, no identification and no credit cards and an early flight. Please choose your hotel carefully when visiting Las Vegas and my opinion is to stay away from the Paris Hotel &amp; Casino and all Harrah’s properties in general. For more information: Stephen_183@hotmail.com	
Aug 20 2009 	Customer Service Terrible	We experienced a 2 1/2 hour check in with a reservation months in advance paid for two rooms. Treated rude by front desk clerks and &quot;manager of front desk&quot;. We were sent to one room which was not two queen beds and then changed rooms to a room that was not cleaned. Upon getting our credit card bill we were charged four times the amount for our roms as indicated on our reservations. It took over two weeks to get my credit card credited back and I was treated like they were doing me a favor. I have always stayed with Harrah owned properties but I will never stay at the Paris again. When I spend my money I expect to be treated at least with some courtesy. Front desk staff needs to be retrained or clean house. Patrons will spend their money else where to be treated with kindness and dignity.	
Aug 19 2009 	decent place great location	Arrived to check in at approximately 6 p.m. on a Thursday, there was a rather long line with only two open spots to check in, after about five minutes another four employees came from the back as the line had continued to grow, after they arrived check in went relatively fast. Was offered to upgrade to a suite for an additional $70 a night, declined as $210 would have been about 1/3 of the entire trip cost, including airfare. Our room was 852 and was one of the &quot;older&quot; rooms. It was in good condition and clean, the only issue was the wallpaper slightly peeling in one corner of the bathroom, the bed was comfortable and the sheets were clean. The room view was to the southeast and over looked one of the Bally's buildings, not much to look at but I wasn't there to look out a window.As far as food goes I would recommend JJ Boulangerie's, very good deli style sandwiches and decent pizza as well. Le Burger Brasserie was very good as well. We ate at Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast, it was $30 for two, but was very, very good. We never tried to buffet or Cafe Ile St. Louis, lines to both were always very long, the buffet hasn't received kind reviews here, and at $25 a head we passed.The dualing piano bar was very fun and entertaining, get there early as seats go fast, buy one get one beers from 4-7 or so I think.Went to see Anthony Cools the hypnotist, highly recommended, very, very funny, also very adult so don't bring kids, or if you don't enjoy adult/filthy humor.As you may know booze is very expensive in Vegas, we had our cabbie stop at the 7/11 behind Paris and grabbed some beer there, there are constantly people bringing in cases of beer so dont feel like you will stand out, either way north or south down the strip there are a few liquor stores as well, although pretty far in each direction.Went to the pool one day, was very nice, and big, right under the tower which was neat.This place has a great location, right across from Bellagio, I have a few recommendations if you venture out, House of Blues at Mandalay had a great lunch, FIX at Bellagio has the best wings ever, no kidding. Margaritaville was pretty good as well, the line was long but moved very fast. We went and saw &quot;O&quot; and the Bellagio, was very good although not as great as some people had stated, it was worth the price of admission, wouldnt see it again though.	
Aug 19 2009 	Very great hotel for first time and those who speak french	This was our first trip to las vegas so we werent sure what to expect. We tried to chose a hotel that was cheaper and in the middle of the strip. Turns out, after we scoped out the other hotels ours was the best of the cheaper prices to our opinion.i found that the rooms were comfortable anthough my room faced out to a parking lot, we were high enough to see other hotels on the distance and also the airport so at least there was some kind of view. We also chose a non-smoking room after I read some of the reviews on trip advisor so i had no issues with that.Room service is expensive!!!!Since we visited from canada we found the hotel comforting because everything was written in french and english and couldnt help but notice that other canadians and people from france were lodged there.It was in the centre of the strip and very easy to get to every hotel and attraction via &quot;the deuce&quot; and &quot;free rio hotel shuttle&quot;the casio was unique because it was made to look like you are outside and thats my style. i love the eiffel tower and how it was outside and inside the building Well i guess to sum it up it was very great value!	
Aug 18 2009 	I'd do it again!	There was a line checking in but with plenty of desk clerks the line moved quickly. I had reserved three rooms and one of those was made clear at reservation to be a smoking room. I was told checking in there were no smoking rooms but they could upgrade for an additional fee of $40. We said no and they did in the end upgrade at no additonal fee. It was a handicap room but no additional fees. That was the ONLY complaint I have. Staff was courteous. The room was clean. The buffet was a great value. Ceme brullee on a buffet what more could you want. Mon Ami Gabi was to die for. We ate on the patio and watched the fountain show at the Bellagio. They stay was very nice. Nice atmosphere. No complaints here. Meri	
Aug 17 2009 	Really nice hotel - excellent location - food was expensive	We checked in to Paris on 7/19 and upgraded to the &quot;red room&quot;. Very nice room, quite large, all marble bathroom. Everything was very nicely done. Hotel was in a great location on the strip - right in the middle of everything. You can cut through from Paris to Ballys if you'd like. Best deal on the strip for breakfast is at Bill's Gambling Saloon next door to Bally's. NY Strip and Eggs is $5.99 - comes with hash browns and toast - no substitutions. Coffee is $2.00! WOW!We found the food at Paris to be extremely high - but then, so was everywhere else on the strip. We rented a car for a couple of days - went to Boulder Station and Sam's Town - buffet's there are $7.49 compared to $24.99 at Paris - food quality about the same - larger selection at Paris. Would we stay again? Definately - no problems with the hotel or service at any time! Best kept secret....valet parking is FREE - you only tip the valet!!!!	
Aug 16 2009 	Wouldn't stay anywhere else!!!	We got to Paris through a shuttle from the airport. This costs $6.50, that is how you get to the strip from the airport....or take a taxi. If you take a taxi they will leave you at the front drop off, the shuttle will leave you at a side door. Once we got the the hotel (7:30 PM), there were only a couple people in the check out line, took less than 10 mins. I got to the counter and asked if they had a complementary room upgrade available. The man was quick to give me a free upgrade to a Red Room (27th floor).  It had a great view with a side view of the strip. It was amazing, HUGE TV, beautiful bathroom (shower and tub), a coffee pot, hairdryer, iron and board, and the MOST comfortable bed I have EVER slept on. The only thing I didn't like about the room is that there was no mirrors outside of the bathroom, and the sink was not separate from the shower/toilet. (Although there were 3 mirrors in the bathroom.) Maid service was wonderful. The Providential restaurant in Paris is wonderful!! Tons of bread and delicious Lobster Bisque. The Le Village Bufftet was wonderful. (make sure you ask the front desk for a coupon book, there is a $5 off per person)  Also, take advantage of the 1/2 Price ticket place. We got 2 tickets for Criss Angel, 2 for V- Variety show, and 2 buffets and 1 other meal. We saved a TON of money. From Paris, go to Bill's Gambling Hall the day of the show (some shows you can even buy ahead of time). Paris is a pretty calm hotel. There is a nice casino, but not what I would call a &quot;gamblers&quot; casino. If you are going to Vegas to stay in your hotel and gamble, I would not recommend Paris. If you are going to see different places, sight see, have a wonderful vacation, and eat great food, Paris is the place for you! The location is PERFECT! In the middle of the strip, really close to Planet Hollywood, Bally's, Flamingo, Bill's, Bellagio, and Caesar's Palace. There is a nice casino bar that we had drinks at every night. NIce wait staff and nice atmosphere. Drinks are expensive, but they are all over Vegas. Gamble a bit if you want a couple of free drinks! At the end of the trip, I asked to extend our check out, the man on the phone was SO nice and gave us an extra 2 hours! That was so kinds because we needed it after a 15 hour Grand Canyon bus trip the day before!!  Everyone is nice, helpful and willing to make your stay better!! Just ask!!!	
Aug 16 2009 	Not the same crowd as the Wynn	A week in Vegas, 4 days at the Wynn, 3 at Paris. Definately a different client then the Wynn. If you want to be entertained, meet middle America, and not break your bank in a half hour go to the Paris. Rooms are not large, but nice, beds are confortable. The table games range from $5+ during the day, $10+ in the evening. Major differences between the Wynn/Encore and Paris:1. If you want to pay for a beautiful room, reserved enviroment, good service go to the Wynn. If you want a nice room, good service,fun, lively, sometimes loud enviroment go to the Paris. LOL, don't know why, but at the Wynn someone beats the dealer in BJ, makes their point in craps or hits a big payout on slots, they just sit or stand there. No excitement. AT the Paris, someone hits anything that beats the house and everyone within site/sound cheers for them. 2. Both hotels had great service. The amazing thing was the Paris had 2-3 times the number of people playing/drinking and the service was excellent.3. If you want a nice, quite, relaxing/reserved enviroment that would be the Wynn/Encore. If you want a more intense, having fun crowd that would be the Paris.	
Aug 16 2009 	Expected More	My boyfriend and I stayed from 08/10/09-08/15/09. I anticipated more in regards to what the rooms offered. The bathroom was cool and that was it. You are surrounded by all this oppulence and beauty, you arrive in your room and it's like WHAT? We couldn't use the fridge, unless we paid. The food was excellent in Cafe LeVillage. I did appreciate the two free tickets to ride up to the top of the Eiffel Tower. The view was spectacular. We dined at the Eiffel Restaurant very expensive for food that didn't taste as good down in the Cafe Buffet. My suggestion would be to have a Peasant night at the Efiffel Restaurant, that way your average working man who is on vacation could enjoy some fancy stuff, for low price.	
Aug 16 2009 	Paris is starting to show its age	Stayed at Paris for the first time in awhile. Have stayed there before and enjoyed it. The hotel seems to be getting a bit old. The service, rooms, public areas are need some freshening. Arrived early and got a room right away--without any real kind of wait. The room was on the 22nd floor and had a view of the parking garages below and the mountains. No worries really, we were glad to get into a room and start our day.The room itself was worn. The bed was very comfortable, as was the sofa in the room, but around the edges, things were not good. The carpet was soiled. The dresser that held the TV (small unit) was all banged up and part of the molding was entirely broken off. The bathroom is long, but bland. The water took about 10 minutes each morning to warm up. We would run it for awhile before getting in the shower. The front door is very hard to open. The restaurants also have fallen down a bit. The service was brusk. At the first place we ate, our waiter greeted us seconds after sitting down saying &quot;I am ready to go off shift, so I need you to order now&quot;. We hadn't even opened our menus yet. The pool area is very basic. No beautiful grounds or area.If you can find a great low rate here, you might want to take it. If not, you might want to stay elsewhere.	
Aug 15 2009 	What you would expect and nothing more	The four of us stayed here last year and thought it was rather pricey compared to the other hotels on the Strip, but we really wanted to check it out. Our room was small, but clean, just what you would expect. Service was excellent though, the registration was constantly busy but somehow, fast and housekeeping was really thorough. Great location (center Strip). Nothing special about the room or hotel itself though, there are nicer hotels for better price.	
Aug 15 2009 	Nice but not what I expected	Booked an online rate for $89.00 for 2 queen beds at the hotel. Arrived around 1am so check-in was fast. Hotel check-in area was very ornate as you would expect to find in a European hotel. The room was small, but very nice and clean. The room appeared to be a little dated and some of the wood was &quot;fake looking&quot;. The room was more &quot;dark&quot; than I had anticipated it would be. The bathroom was tile/marble and very nice; but only 1 vanity. Beds were very comfortable. All in all, it did not live up to my expectation. It was the base level room, so maybe some of the pricier rooms are nicer.	
Aug 14 2009 	best place to stay on the strip	After staying at the luxor the previous weekend, arriving at the Paris hotel was like arriving at the real Vegas, check in was painless and they let us check in earlier than the 4pm stated time (@1pm). The room was great we opted for a king size bed and although we didnt have a view of the strip or pool we didnt care. We did the buffet once only due to the fact that we were always so full!! It was/is really good value, the choice of crepes, fruit, pastries, and roast ham!! is brilliant, although the teabags were horrible. The casino is great, really friendly atmosphere and unique on the strip due to the decor and ambience. There are so many nice restaurants within and around the hotel, our favourit was mon ami gabi which is situated opposite the bellagio with an option to eat outside. The steaks were amazing and my girlfriend will remember the pancakes with bananas with foster sauce for a very long time.	
Aug 13 2009	Perfect Location Perfect Rate.	We were traveling through on our way to California and needed a nice place to stay at a decent rate. Paris was a great deal for $69. It has a perfect location on center strip across from the Bellagio and Caesars Palace. Parking was easy enough with a large garage that was attached to the hotel. There is quite a bit of walking involved though from the parking garage though and dragging your luggage through the shops and casino just to get to the desk is a work out. The lobby is beautiful and check in was fairly easy even though there was a long line. The lady that checked us in was nice but a little preoccupied in closing out her shift. We had room 2087 on the 20th floor but had a view looking straight into rooms at Bally's. Elevators are quick and the hallways are quiet. The room was a decent size with some nice furniture, calm colors, large windows, and even a fully stocked mini bar, though quiet pricey. The bathroom was beautiful with it's separate shower and nice vanity. Quite large too. Wireless Internet costs $15 for 24 hours so I ended up bypassing that for the evening. The beds are comfortable but are not as comfortable as a pillow-top. Just a personal preference. The casino area is nice and has lots of great restaurants surrounding it and in she shopping area. Beautiful architecture adds to a nice ambiance. We only ate at one restaurant in Paris as it was the most economical for both breakfast and dinner; Ile St. Louis Cafe. Just like any restaurant in Vegas, quite pricey. $4.50 for a glass of orange juice? Though the prices for food in Vegas is rediculous, quality is never an issue. Very good food! The buffet always had a LONG line each time we walked by so we did not get to try it. As for shops, there are some interesting shops and neat bakeries, all with a neat French theme. The pool is on the third floor and has a great view of the strip. The pool is just a basic round pool with lots of seating. There are two nice hot tubs set in a garden area and plenty of towels are available. There's even food by the pool. I did get a chance to go up the Eiffel Tower for a beautiful view, but the weight was an hour and a half. I spent the extra $10 for the express option which gets you right up. Well worth it instead of waiting in line. Beautiful view!! Overall a great stay for the price though the food prices are horrible. Great location adds to the appeal for any Vegas traveler. I highly recommend it if you can get a cheap rate.	
Aug 12 2009 	Needs Improvement 	Check-in was a slow process. First 2 rooms I was put in were dirty. The first was covered in dust and clearly had not been cleaned in over a week and the second bathroom had mildew. In the restaurants, the service was slow due to a extremely minimal waitstaff. (There were 2 waiters for the entire restaurant!) It took over 45 minutes to receive our food despite the restaurant only being 3/4 full. The concierge line was so long I gave up after 20 minutes. There was 1 person at the concierge station for all hotel guests. I have stayed in the Paris previously and the service has gone noticably south. I seriously doubt I will stay here in the future.	
Aug 11 2009 	We will return	Two rooms Aug. 1-5 and we loved it. Have been to Vegas 200 times in 40 years and this was not quite equal to Mandalay Bay, but far better than Harrahs, Flamingo, Monte Carlo, others. Other than an occasional venture to Venetian/Palazzo, this is our new Vegas home.Highlight: Without doubt, early (8 to 9:30) breakfast at Mon ami Gabi's sidewalk cafe, watching people walk The Strip and (on weekends) being entertained by the Bellagio water display right across the street.Staff friendly and professional, some of the dealers exceptionally so. Only rude staffer I met was the drink lady in the sports bar. After I had order coffee from another drink lady as I entered the sports book, this one later come up to me and said, &quot;If you need a drink or something here, I'm the person. But we don't give free drinks in the sports book. You need a coupon to get a free drink.&quot; She then walked away and I never got coffee!	
Aug 10 2009 	OK but nothing special	Our first stay in Paris. The room was ok (twin queen beds) and the bathroom was fine, just not overly large. Room service was very efficient and the reception staff were helpful and polite. Room service staff could be surly though.Typical of the large strip hotels though it is just too big to be welcoming. Treat it as somewhere to sleep with no frills and you won't go far wrong.	
Aug 9 2009 	okay....	went to vegas with friends for their 21st birthday and stayed at the paris. overall hotel is nice, i was just unhappy with a few things. i didnt like walking right into the casion when i came off the strip...it was always very crowded and hard to walk through to get to the elevators. i also thought the rooms were nice but the beds were extremely hard...not fun to sleep on. i as there is august so it was very hot but the pool was always freezing, it would have been nicer if it was a few degrees warmer so i could have spent more time in it. overall a good stay just somethings that irked me.	
Aug 8 2009	Stay was comfortable but encountered glitches	This was my first trip to Vegas and I decided to stay at the Paris upon recommendation from family. For a hotel, the room was comfortable and kept well and clean; also the hotel has a great location. However, during my stay, I encountered two glitches - not exactly fun to encounter when you are expecting a relaxing holiday. First one was that when I checked-in I was given the wrong room (one king sized bed instead of a twin share), so I had to head back to the lobby and explain the the person at the hotel desk the error. The person at the hotel desk made it out that I was given the correct room and I had to explain to her that there was a mistake made by the hotel since my booking was for a twin share. Luckily that problem was solved! The second glitch pretty much tainted my view of the hotel. As noted by a previous reviewer, he/she also encountered the same problem as me, in which they were erroneously charged for the use of the mini-bar. Prior to checking-out, I noted from the TV check-out screen that I was charged for the use of the mini-bar that I didn't even use. The hotel staff explained that there was a misundertstanding for the charge since I had used the mini-bar to store my own beverages! (first time ever that I heard from a hotel that you cannot use the mini-bar!) Anyway, I was later informed that since I didn't use the mini-bar, I would not be charged. However, low and behold a few days later, my credit card was charged. I wrote two emails to the hotel requesting them to reverse the erroneous charge, and I received a response which said that the amount would not be reversed. I called the hotel to repeat my request and finally got a refund. The principle is, &quot;that I should not be charged for items I did not consume!&quot;	
Aug 8 2009 	Paris - Very Very Good	When we checked in we were told that there were only queen rooms left - we had reserved a king. We were told we could wait 1 hour until a king was ready but we had just got off a long flight from England so wanted to get in asap. The room was really nice - very large and clean and the bathroom was fantastic. We spent one night in this room. I went down to reception the following morning to say we were a little disappointed that we didnt get the king we had booked, and got moved to a king &quot;p&quot; room (p is obviously upgraded). The room was fantastic. Not only was it very large, it also had a dual aspect view looking down the strip towards MGM and also out the front towards Bellagio. I was really impressed both with the room and the customer service. The pool area was nice and the location of the hotel, in the centre of the strip couldnt be beaten. I later stayed in the Venetian which was even better but also came with an extra cost. For around £45 per night via hotels.com you couldnt do better than this.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Place	I really enjoyed the Paris Hotel from the moment we stepped into it. The check-in line was short and quick and within 10 minutes we were up in our room. We were on the 11th floor, not much of a view (but we are not in vegas to gaze out our window). The room was clean, water was hot and everything was great. I like the &quot;small&quot; feeling of this casino/hotel vs that of the Bellagio or some of the other hotels there. It has some nice restaurants (must try the Mon Ami Gabi - if for nothing else then the $20 pitcher of great sangria). The drinks were actually about $1 cheaper at the Paris then even the Luxor and I had no problem getting &quot;free ice water&quot; from the bars. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 7 2009 	Past it's prime	The Paris Hotel has lost it's luster. Crowded, understaffed, and no efficiency. Check-in took 45 minutes; long lines at the restaurants even though there were many tables available; unfriendly staff; rude porters and doormen; plain rooms. Hotel needs to be rated a 3 star. I'll not stay there again.	
Aug 7 2009 	Victim of Paris Hotel	REG. Paris Hotel :Stolen Items (Money &amp; Jewerly), Caution  _Poor Security _No Survellant Camera in Hallway/Stairway _Bad customer Service/Manangement.We Stay in Paris Hotel in 3 nights. The last night of departure, someone get into my room while my wife &amp; I sleeping. They took my wife purse/my wallet/jewerly. I file Police report but no action have been resolve. Paris hotel disclaim all liability, they did say to me there no camera in hallway that where I stay in Suite room? I am very disappointed about this situation with Paris hotel.	
Aug 6 2009 	Awesome. Loved the casino buffet and location. Great room!	This was my favorite hotel in vegas. My boyfriend and I stayed in some other vegas hotels on the trip we took, but this stay was our favorite way to end the trip. Got this for a great price on EasyClickTravel.com and we luckily had a fabulous view of the strip overlooking the pool and could see the Bellagio fountain shows and hear the music from the window. We ate at some other buffets on the strip on this trip, but this was out favorite buffet, completely french themed! Felt like I was in Paris without flying across the ocean. I suggest you check it out :)	
Aug 3 2009 	i would rather stay at the flamingo	if your going to stay at the paris expect to lose more money then what you gamble away. during my stay there i was missing too hundred dollars out of our hotel safe, after filing a police report we fond our safe was accessed when we weren't even in our room, the conclusion the hotel gave me was basically tough [--]. on top of that they charged me 155 dollars for a mini bar that had never been touched after i called to complain about the bogus charges they said they have removed them over a week later i still had not been credited my money and i got an overdraft fee for the taking my money out so in total i lost 280 dollars at the Paris....about what my stay there cost......i will never stay there again and wouldn't recommend anyone else to either	
Aug 2 2009 	Not what it used to be needs to get with the times.	Have stayed here a few times now but will go elsewhere next time in Vegas. The hotel is a nice quiet place but it seems to have lost something. The rooms need to be updated, TV is an old 27 inch, carpets are showing wear etc. The internet was $15 a day, you would think this would be free by now, in every lower priced hotel it is. The pool area is not bad but the drinks and food are very expensive, they wanted $2 for a cup of ice water. Village buffet was just OK this visit, I was really looking forward to it but not like last time. a couple years ago. One of the days our room had still not been made up at 4pm, I had to settle for just clean towels by exchanging them in the hall with a maid. The location is what we like about staying at Paris but I think with our next visit we will stay at Planet Hollywood next door, the mall and choice of food and stores will be nice to have.	
Aug 1 2009 	Dirty	This hotel was dirty and the main services was terrible. I complained to the front desk and they could care less. No even an apology. Stuck up hotel atmosphere that I can do without. If I am going to blow all of my money at their hotel the least they can do is kiss me first. I'll go to the Golden Nugget next time.	
Jul 31 2009 	Paris? Like a dream come true!	We came to Paris Las Vegas for our wedding with Family and friends.The whole experience was magical. We took the option of the La Rendezvous package upgrade to include room upgrade and access to the Le Rendezvous concierge lounge. The vip lounge upgradewas well worth every penny,made only better by friendly service received by concierge Mariann Mohos.This property is a class act!	
Jul 30 2009 	Loved it	From the minute I walked in I was in aww of the Paris hotel in Vegas. At check in they offered our friends and us an upgrade to a suite room for $89. Neither couple took the upgrade. But we did want to be close to our friends room. There were not any regular size rooms available near them, but there was a suite 2 floors up from them. The lady checking me and my boyfriend in offered us that suite for no extra charge. I don't know if it was because she wanted to please us with good customer service by trying to fullfill our request to be closer to our friends as much as possible or because of my boyfriends hurt foot that was all wrapped up from surgery he just had on it. She said he would have more room to hobbile around in the suite. Who knows...I did not complain and took the offer.She was right, there was plenty of room. The view from the suite was not the best, you could see almost in the windows of the hotels close by and a partial mountain veiw. But once again I was not complaining. The suite was very roomy, clean, and the bathroom was more than enough. The bathroom had a jet garden sized tub that worked very well. It was a great option to have. When coming back to the room after wondering all over Vegas it was great to relax in. The shower was seperate right next to the tub . There was a large mirrior on the bathroom wall that was very helpfull in getting ready to go out for a night on the town. There was a sitting area next to the good sized closet for doing make up or placing your lap top on. I was very happy with the suite.When you walked through the casino you felt as if you were out doors in a little town with blue skys, shops, reasturants, and the bottom of the eiffel tower showing through from the roof. Just like paris :) They really caught the feel for it in this hotel. All in all this was a great place to stay and one of the more reasonable priced hotels in Vegas. I liked the Paris casino much better than the one at Ceasar's Palace. It just had a better atmosphere.The pool area set under the effiel tower was another great benefit. It was a very nice and not dirty like at the MGM.Although I plan to try out other hotels on future trips to Vegas, I would also definitley go back to Paris.	
Jul 30 2009 	Can't beat the price	I stayed at Paris for my bachelor party. For the price that we paid I was definitely surprised at how great our view was. The hotel was beyond my expectations! There were so many styles of food to choice from within the hotel. I must admit though the ceiling when you first walked in confused me, basically because i was sleep deprived. The front desk staff was very helpful I must say, the lines were always relatively short, the staff was polite but got what I needed right away. The most important thing I found was that the hotel was very easy to navigate when your hammered unlike ceasars.	
Jul 29 2009 	Pleasant Hotel with excellent service	My family and I just returned from Las Vegas and stayed five nights at the Paris Las Vegas hotel The room we booked is referred to by the hotel as a Premium Guest Room with two queen size beds. Upon check-in we were offered a room upgrade for $55 a night extra, which we declined. The room we received faced the Bally's hotel next door and had a view of Bally's and another wing of the Paris. Oddly enough, this was to my family's liking as there was very little outside light at night to spoil our sleep and the noise from the Strip was virtually non-existent. As my daughter put it, &quot;If I want to look at the Strip, I'll go outside&quot;. The room was clean, although the carpeting could use replacing. The bathroom is large and is equipped with a separate shower and tub. We requested that housekeeping leave extra towels for our use each day and were left an ample supply of bath towels every morning. My only complaint with the room is that one of the beds was far too close to the wall (which just happened to be my side of the bed). One other suggestion is that the hotel invest in two more bed lamps and place them over the night stand that separates the two beds. The two bed lamps that are there are difficult to access. We ate several meals at various restaurants in the hotel. The cafe directly across from the elevators has a very good breakfast. Stay away from the breakfast buffet at the hotel, however. Although the selection is large, the food was not well prepared and the buffet is very expensive. I settled for having fruit and a bran muffin that morning. We did have the dinner buffet on a previous night and it was much better. There was a large selection of well prepared dishes. All things considered, I would recommend this hotel, however I would recommend eating elsewhere.	
Jul 28 2009 	Loved it!	We go to Vegas every year; this has always been one of our favorite hotels overall. The buffet is our absolute favorite; the pastries and croissants are excellent. One of the best things about the hotel is that the casino is on one side and the shops and restaurants are on the other; the elevators are in the middle. So if you don't feel like walking through cigarette smoke while you shop and eat (but don't want a hotel that's so big you get lost) this is the place. It's a beautifully quaint hotel; rooms are a nice size with a sitting area, marble bathroom, separate shower and tub. We had a basic room and were very happy with it. Look for deals by going mid-week; it's much cheaper than weekends. In the morning the breakfast croissant is delicious, then get to the buffet before 3:30 for lunch pricing. This buffet is less expensive than many of the others. Rio's buffet is our close 2nd favorite. The Eiffel tower trip is a neat experience, go at night about 8 p.m. to avoid long lines and see the Bellagio fountains from a front row view. The pool and hot tubs were great, never overcrowded. Drink service was fast (which is surprising for pool service). We don't have any complaints. A solid 4 star hotel.	
Jul 27 2009 	Four star prices for a three star room.	The hotel property is very nice and the location is great, but unless you want to pay an extra $50 per night for a renovated (red) room, expect to get a below average room for a large vegas resort. Upon check-in, we discovered damage to the armoire and the toilet paper holder was ripped out of the wall. The funny thing was the housekeeper folded the toilet paper and placed the roll on the back of the toilet. So the staff knew about the damage but didn't bother to fix it. I called the desk and the holder was replaced on day three of our visit. Well, the holder was attached to the wall, but the damage to the wall was not repaired. The carpet in the room could have used cleaning, but the housekeeper did a great job. The bathroom was great but getting hot water was hit or miss. The public areas of the hotel are wonderful and it is attached to Bally's.We really liked the casino and the restaurants, so I think if we wanted to come back to this complex we'd probably stay at Bally's.We went to the Price is Right and had a ball.There are just too many really nice rooms in vegas to spend this kind of money at Paris.	
Jul 27 2009 	Disappointed	This was our first stay and will be our last at this resort. The room was located on the 7th floor. Carpet was dirty and worn, furniture had scratches, and the windows were filthy. Two lamps in the room did not work. Trash was on the ground at the Main Entrance. Glass doors very dirty an all entrances. I think this place is turning into a typical Harrah's property and is just depending on it's location to keep it profitable.	
Jul 26 2009 	Paris was excellent	We checked in to Paris late one evening when we were also going to see LOVE at the MIrage- so not a lot of time to spare. There were not too many people waiting at check in, we asked for a complimentary upgrade and got a choice of a Red Room or a room with a view of the strip. I knew the Red Rooms were recently refurbished but as we had two rooms booked- one for our kids opted for the strip view and we weren't disappointed. Huge room, huge bathroom, all marble walls and floors, and fantastic view. The hotel was perfect for us and so central. Breakfast simply the best at Paris too. We booked through LCI and got a simply great deal as I would have paid more.	
Jul 25 2009 	Wow-What a great week	I surprised my Husband for our 25th wedding anniversary and booked a week at the hotel. I was so excited I had pulled it off that I was telling the people at check-in. They upgraded us to a Suite! What a wonderful surprise. It made for a very special week. Everyone was very kind ; I would stay there again.	
Jul 24 2009 	Not the best visit this time	My brother an his wife arrived a day eariler with my mom and the hotel was nice enough to put our rooms together on the 4th floor. When we went to our room they had all the furniture except for the armoir on the double beds. They were fumigating the room and cleaning the carpets due to the smell of smoke (4th floor is smoking floor). The maintenance man said it would be 10 minutes so we waited took our shoes off and the carpet was wet. We went downstairs and Adely moved us to a very nice room on the 11th floor (Adely was great!!). We were getting married at 230 pm on Thursday and the water was completely turned off at noon. We called and they said it was a line break for the 4th-14th floors and the water would be turned on at 1pm. We paid $150 to have our wedding moved back to 4pm and waited. Water came on at 110 pm and no hot water, my brother called and they told him the only thing we could do is use the salon, but must pay for the useage. We ended up not taking showers, got married and returned to the Paris. We expected hot water at 530 pm, no such luck (my 70+ mom took a cold shower in her room, I'm very pissed about that). My bride called, spoke to a manager Adam? and he said he would get the water fixed immediately and work something out for us later. Maintenance fixed the water problem within 30 minutes but no followup from management. We called before we checked out today and left our cell phone number with management, we would just like an apology. I have stayed at the Paris numerous times through my company, this was the worst visit to date. II understand there are emergency maintenance issues but at least offer us another room to get ready. I will be writing a letter to Starwood Management.	
Jul 24 2009 	Secure your valuables... Maid service will rummage through your belongings	Attended a conference in May 2009 only to have my handheld game system and games removed from it's case and placed back (the case) in the luggage. Simular incident occured with a co-worker with his laptop and ipod.. on the same day. Hotel staff was fairly indifferent to the matter and the case was pushed to their 3rd party co. CCMSI. Dealing with CCMSI was a complete hassle.. the individual on the case has yet to supply any documentation aside from form letters and thanks to the inkeeper statutes law I will not be seeing anything. Lesson learned.. will never stay at the Paris again.	
Jul 21 2009	won't stay anywhere else	I hadn't been to Vegas since the early 80s. What a lovely experience we had...All of the staff was so helpful and friendly. From the bell captain advising us to garage the car and walk or take a cab, the best advice EVER! My sister and I played 'Stump the Concierge'...we didn't, he had the answer to everything. Room service great, the rooms very nice with an in-room safe which we loved. Every restaurant we dined in at the hotel was delicious, we really don't have any complaints about our experience.	
Jul 21 2009 	Got what I paid for and MORE	Stayed here 7/14-7/16. Got to the hotel at 9:30. tried to check in : ( Left bags at the luggage dropoff. Was told to come back at 11:00 to see if we can check in early. No problem went to Mon Ami Gabi (strip viewing restaurant, Good food/Good service). Went back at 11:00 no luck, since I didn't want a 2 queen room, to celebrate 6yr anny! Lady said &quot;come back at 1:00, however check in is officially 3&quot; Wife, got a little pissed, but i played it cool. Went and gambled and dranked. Le Burgrer Brassere (sp) Went back to check-in at 1:00 still not ready. Went walking around some more. Called 1/2 hr later to see, and they told me to come back. Got upgraded to a suite, for waiting patiently!Never had a long line when i tried to check in. Suite-jacuzzi and sep. shower. not a good view but the Room/View in Vegas is overrated. Would stay here again!	
Jul 19 2009 	Poor Service	I just recently stayed at the Paris hotel In Las Vegas and there customer service were pitiful. I checked in about 7:00 on July 16th and there was only one rep at the counter checking people in,but they have a counter that can appears to assist many people at one time. The line to check in was about 10 people and it took about 20 minutes to check in. The rooms are pretty clean and the attitude towards guest is pretty good. The valet service for cars was pretty awful also. It seems to take forever for them to retreive your car compared to the Wynn or Caesars. If you plan to stay at the Paris remember you will be waiting to check-in and get your car valet to you. Checking out was even worse than checking in. I just did mine on the T.V.	
Jul 19 2009 	Hotel a disappointment	Been a Diamond-level Total Rewards member for years, but this was first stay at Paris - and probably the last. Cool attitude at check-in held over for most of the visit with only a couple of exceptions. The server in the buffet couldn't have been nicer, and the housekeeper during our stay was very personable and helpful. The room, supposedly an upgrade (a Red Room) was small, cramped with furniture and the smallest bathtub I've seen in years. Only one sink despite room being a double queen. Only view on the 26th floor was of Bally's hotel and rooftops. NO security by guest elevators. No refrigerator for guest use which is pretty standard in other Harrah's properties.Developed dental emergency overnight on a friday - concierge desk called, but was closed until 8 am. Must admit when I called at 8 they were as nice as could be and had me in a dental chair in 1.5 hours. Proved to be the saving factor of an otherwise gloomy stay. Location of hotel on the strip can't be beat, but the food outlets are overrated for the price. Other Harrah's properties offer better facilities often at lower prices!	
Jul 17 2009 	Great hotel-staff very friendly	I've stayed at many hotels on the strip and what sets this hotel apart is the staff. Every staff member went out of their way to exceed expectations. Staying in a big hotel can be overwhelming, but I never had that feeling at the Paris.	
Jul 16 2009 	Non-smoker forced to take a smoking room	My husband and I are both health/fitness professionals, and we frequent Las Vegas for conferences and leisure. We've stayed at Paris several times before, and in the past had a nice stay. On July 10, we checked in for a 3-night stay. We had reserved a non-smoking room 2 months in advance. Yet when we checked in we were told there were no more non-smioking rooms and that this is a 'preference' and not a reservation. I found the individual who checked us in to be very rude and not at all accomodating. I've never experienced poor customer service at Paris, but now I am hesitant to come back. Our floor and room reeked of cigarette smoke, which made us very unhappy.	
Jul 15 2009 	Loved it	Great casino, several tasty restaurants, and a little casino area bar that had yummy martinis. I'd stay there again.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great hotel for my first time in Vegas	There was just a short line when we checked in at around 6:00 on a Thursday evening. The front desk receptionist was very friendly. We had booked a basic room through an online deal I had found. Total for three nights was just over $200. Asked about possibly being upgraded to a room with a view and was offered the $65 per night upgrade package. We declined since that would have cost about the same as what we paid for the room in the first place. At the end of the check-in process the receptionist said that she had given us an upgraded room anyways. We were in room 2895, which is a Red Room. While there was no view of the Eiffel Tower or the strip from our room, we were able to see some mountains in the distance. The room was great. The décor was modern – large flat screen tv, a sitting area with a sofa, comfortable bed, large bathroom with a separate shower and large tub. There were two small closet areas on either side of the dresser/tv area. There was enough room to put a large suitcase and to hang up some clothes in each of the closets. There was a fridge, but it was for the hotel mini-bar, not personal use. The toiletries provided were of nice quality and included shampoo, conditioner, body soap, lotion, mouthwash, cotton balls, and a shower cap. The room was cleaned promptly everyday. The maids not only made the bed and changed the towels, but also straightened up, arranged the toiletries, etc. We never had to wait for a taxi at the hotel taxi stand. In addition, we used the free hotel shuttle to take us to the Rio one evening. The shuttle stops right outside the hotel down from the taxi and valet stand. This was a very convenient service. Overall we found the service throughout the hotel to be very friendly. The hotel itself was awesome. I couldn’t have asked for a better location for my first trip to Vegas. The Parisian street scene was nice. There were a couple of stores/vendors in the hotel where you could buy small snacks, pop, water, etc. The price was reasonable given the convenience – about $3 for a Gatorade. The casino area was nice and never too crowded. We ate several times at the hotel – twice at the Mon Ami Gabi (once for dinner, and once for breakfast), dinner at Burger Brasserie, and a late night snack at La Creperie. We had intended on having the champagne brunch at Le Village Buffet, but the line was never ending. In fact, there was almost always a line at Le Village Buffet when we passed by – so my suggestion is to go early if you want to try it!Overall, we were very happy with our stay at the Paris Las Vegas and are looking forward to returning for a future visit!!	
Jul 15 2009	Great Value for a Great Strip Location	Stayed 4 nights with 22 y/o daughter. We both felt very safe at Paris and Strip. Stayed in a Red Room on the 30th floor. Room was clean; nicely updated bathroom/flat screen tv. Really liked the fact that we could go to the Pool (3rd floor) w/o having to walk through the casino. Ate at the Cafe, Buffet, and Eiffle Tower Restaurant. Enjoyed all. Also ate at the cafe at Bally's due to a $5 off coupon we received at check-in. Again it was a satisfying, cheap breakfast. We found all staff at Paris to be extremely friendly. Felt that this hotel is a great value considering it's central Strip location.	
Jul 14 2009 	Dirty downmarket - a fall from grace	The credit crunch has obviously hit Harrah's and instead of working harder, they simply lowered their standards.Housekeeping was sketchy, the corridors dirty and despite informing them, a chicken wing lay in the corridor of outside our room for nearly 3 days.Complaints were largely met with indifference. Requesting a shower cap turned into an extensive negotiation.These guys have no interest in providing you with an enjoyable stay. They just want your money.I previously posted a positive review of Paris and it is so heartbreaking to see it go so rapidly downhill.	
Jul 14 2009 	Location Location Location	We stayed at the Paris for 4 nights (July 8-11). I believe we were in what I have heard others refer to as a &quot;Red Room&quot;. The room was smallish, but very nicely decorated and clean. It included a King bed, small couch w/ coffee table, and a large storage armoire with a very large flat screen TV (not that we ever turned it on). The bathroom was nice with marble/tile. It had both tub for soaking and a shower. It was a little difficult for two people to get ready in front of the mirror at the same time, but not too bad. I would definitely recommend this place to others. Within this casino, we ate at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant (anniversary dinner $$$) and Mon Ami Gabi (breakfast $$). Both restaurants had excellent food. The Eiffel Tower Restaurant was a real treat. We made reservations ahead of time for our anniversary. They had dusted the table with rose petals and we had the best seat in the house, overlooking the Bellagio fountains. The wait staff were very attentive and our waiter offered to take our picture with personal camera several times. We ate chocolate/bacon waffles and French Toast with blueberries at Mon Ami Gabi. Both dishes were to die for! If you have never been to the strip, I can tell you this is where you want to stay, as it is centrally located. TIP: stop at a gas station on your way in and buy a case of water to keep in your room. It is much cheaper than buying bottles in the hotel convenience shops. It is extremely hot this time of year and you will need it to stay hydrated. Also, don't forget your lip balm and sunblock if you plan on doing alot of walking down the strip. Also, rewetting drops are essential for those of you who wear contacts. The sun and wind are fierce! If any of you out there are motorcyle riders, then I HIGHLY recommend a motorcycle tour with Todd Harbach of Vegas 2 Wheel Tours. We took a one day tour (8 hours) of REd Rock Canyon and Mount Charleston that was so AWESOME. He also treated us to a local summer theatre group at Spring Mountain Ranch, where we saw Westside Story, the night before our day tour. The show ended after dark, so our ride back to the trip was amazing. Nothing like riding under a full moon back into the lights of the Strip! This was by far the highlight of our Vegas trip. We fleyw in and rented a bike from Henderson Harley Davidson (discount rates for HOG members and Emergency personnel). You can Google both for tour/rental information.	
Jul 13 2009 	Spend your money elsewhere	We checked in at 10 pm. The hotel sold us an &quot;upgrade&quot; package for 100 a night extra plus cost of room. When we went to utilize the free drink portion we found out that this was only offered from 5-8 pm and could not get them and for the 100 bucks we would only get a 'continental' breakfast&quot; and a paper not exactly a great value and they still tried to act like it was a great value when it was a straight out scam. When we pointed this out the the desk we had been sold a package we could not even use they told us we could &quot;move out&quot; or downgrade rooms as this room was only being sold with the package. We had seen this room online without any packages and the manager that came to talk to us and told us to &quot;move out&quot; JOLEE, was very abrupt and arrogant and never even asked us what she could do to work this out. She could have given us the room for the night without this &quot;package&quot; but made us move instead. I only stayed because of my husband and while the other room without the package did not have a view it was actually cleaner and larger. The slots were nothing short of crap, no one winning anything larger than a grand or two and very few and far between. We had a large sum of money we would would have spent at this casino had this matter been handled differently. If it weren't for the bartender &quot;Lilly&quot; we would have moved out. She was wonderful and made us feel like we were royalty although we are not designer cutout people and made things right for us. We played slots there once or twice but the money got eaten up in minutes, they were not even steady. The paris is beautiful to look at but for the cost, the rooms suck. The hallways had sticky crap all over the rug, stained and just disgusting. They looked like they had not been cleaned in months. The pool is nothing special. It is worth walking through Paris and the Crepery is good but the Le Cafe, nothing special for the money, once again designer prices for common fair although the waiters were very entertaining.	
Jul 13 2009 	Don't stay at Paris	I don't usually write reviews, but my experience was so bad that I felt that I needed to warn anyone thinking of staying there, so here goes. This was my husband and I's first time in Vegas and we were super excited to be staying at Paris. We were offered an upgrade for $40.00 a night, which we did. We had a great view of the strip and the Bellagio fountain. That was where anything good ended. The staff, with the exception of a few people,were extremely rude. The dealers again with a couple of exceptions were very unfriendly and acted like we were putting them out when you walked up to a table to play. The total rewards program is a joke. We gambled quite a bit over four days and when I went to cash in the points I had a total of $4.29. The service was horrible. Every resteraunt was slow and the hostesses acted like they were being put upon, not to mention the prices were outrageous compared to what we saw at the other hotels. My husband and I were locked in our bathroom for a half an hour because the door handle broke after shutting the door. I spoke with a manager and the only compensation we received was $70.00 which is less than what we paid for one night. Add all of this up and it made for a horrible experience. We still had fun and will definateley go back to Vegas but we will definateley stay elsewhere.	
Jul 13 2009 	Location location location!	Paris hotel was great. I went with a group of friends. It was 8 of us. I stayed in one room with another friend and the rest spit up in 2 other rooms. I got 2 nights friday and saturday for about 380 after taxes. We had a blast!!! Real friendly staff and great room service. We all showed up at separate times to the hotel and were all able to stay on the same floor which was great!!! we stayed in the deluxe room and they were really nice and clean. Our view wasn't great but hey we're just there to sleep. The casino is alright and hotel overall is very clean and welcoming. We just went to vegas to party. For sure you must go to Pure Nightclub and LAX. Be sure to arrive early though. Before 10 to avoid long lines. However the Paris is very well centrally located!!! Right in the middle of the strip. This hotel is well worth it. Ive stayed at Excalibur, Flamingo, Circus, Hilton, and others but this is the best one so far if you are on a budget. If you get room service try the buffalo strips! they are delicious!!! OVERALL GREAT TIME!!!	
Jul 12 2009 	Paris Las Vegas is a great place to stay	After reading the reviews, I was a bit hesitant at staying at Paris. I got 4 nights comped, so I figured what do I have to lose. Besides, this is Vegas how much time do you actually spend in your room. We stayed in the Luxury Room. I was pleasantly surprised how big and clean the room was. The hotel is centrally located on the strip. I didn't want to pay the $60 per night room upgrade for the strip view. The view out of our window was the central air-conditioning system on the roof. I wished the outside bar would stay open past midnight. Not too many choices for a late night snack. The only restaurant that was open was understaffed and unorganized. The dueling piano bar is a fun place to go.	
Jul 10 2009 	excellent value for money hotel	I stayed in the Paris for 7 nights. Although there was a big queue at check in when we arrived we did not have to wait long to check in. We were given a Red room on the 27th floor and although we did not have a view of the Bellagio it was a lovely room. Very clean and the towels were changed daily and the room left immaculate. The hotel is very central and the Deuce bus can be boarded right outside so travelling up and down the strip was easy. Overall a very nice hotel, well kept and would definately consider staying if in Vegas again.	
Jul 9 2009 	affraid to stay but pleasantly surprised!!!	Boy...I was so affraid to stay at this hotel after all the bad things that I have read and yes some of the areas seem to need renovated but it was not something that was gross like some people on this site may think... but to our surprise it was very nice...we had a standard room no upgrade...even though they tried to if you gave them an extra $40-55 a night and since we were staying a week we did not want to spend the extra money...with no view except for the mountains and the airport but the room was clean and spacious...the bathroom was very nice with it's own seperate shower and the maid cleaned the room everyday and did a great job...the restaurants are great...shopping great...pool very nice...and the gambling was good...I liked the casino because is was not as big as some of the others and it seemed to always be crowded which makes it a nice feeling and the best part I won a nice jackpot which made the trip even better...the location was wonderful and we could get anywhere on foot...all in all I would stay at the Paris again on our next trip to Las Vegas.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great location fabulous first trip to Vegas	We enjoyed our stay at the Paris Hotel. Arrived in the morning but were able to get into a room right away. We decided to upgrade because it included breakfast and afternoon hors oeuvres with drinks. Turns out the hors doeuvres were much heavier than just some finger food, so we were able to skip buying dinner. We enjoyed the Blue Man Group and husband wanted to see a &quot;Vegas style show&quot; so we also went to see Jubilee. I recommend checking out the discount ticket office over at Wild Bill's for day of discount tix. Our real reason for going to Vegas was the Eric Clapton/Steve Winwood concert at MGM...the concert was fabulous and the whole trip was a wonderful experience. We loved the Paris Hotel!	
Jul 8 2009 	A Taste of Paris	HOTEL. The Paris is a great mini escape. Cobblestone floors and sky- like ceilings with boutique shops and cafes as if straight from the streets of Paris itself. STAFF. Accommodating. ROOM. Small rooms with slightly stiff beds. SHOWER. Nothing special. Very Las Vegas.LOCATION. On the Strip across from the Bellagio.ATTRACTION &amp; TIP(S). The Eiffel Tower Restaurant is a must. Reserve a window table overseeing the Strip and the Bellagio water show.	
Jul 8 2009 	Very Tired Hotel with a crappy spa	We checked in late and had to wait as we had supposedly already checked in, got upgraded to a suite which we thought would be nice, but room was not clean, very dusty. Had room service one day and dishes stayed for two days. The spa is the biggest rip off, if you want to waste your money, try the slots, at least you may walk away satisfied.	
Jul 8 2009 	We will be back	Check in was quick and easy. Room was very clean. Great casino. Plenty of shops. Restaurants were excellent - especially the Eifel Tower. You have to experience it!	
Jul 7 2009 	Excellent!	Loved this place. Barely any kids around. Sophisticated adult-oriented pool atmosphere. Great restaurants -- delicious breakfasts. Awesome location on the strip. Easy access to stores, casinos, shopping, etc. Very clean rooms. Very friendly and helpful staff. Would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Jul 7 2009 	Good location 	I always think it's good to stay in the Bellagio/Ceasar/Paris area of the strip, because it seems like a central location. I bought hotel stay thru Northwest AirlinesVacations. Run of the house, 3 women requesting 2 queens &amp; no smoking. It was the perfect room, because it was the 15th floor. That meant we could use either sets of elevators &amp; there never was a wait. The room was not a red room (it was brown &amp; gold with blue hall carpet) &amp; you could see the room was &quot;gently&quot; worn. There was a bent lampshade &amp; paint chipped off the edges of the door. The TVs are not flat screen, but that's not important. The selection of TV channels is terrible, but we weren't there to watch TV. Bellmen were always friendly &amp; offered advice when asked. Never had to wait for a taxi. Concierge was professional, too. Checked-in at 12pm with no problem. All the staff working around the pool were pleasant, despite having the horrible job of working in 100 degree heat.. I suggest going poolside in the morning, when there is 50-75% shade over the pool deck until 1230pm.	
Jul 5 2009 	Paris customer service lacking - location good point	My husband and I travel to Vegas twice a year. Our trip last year was free due to having Lettuce Entertain U points after spending tons of money at one of their restaurants for my daughters Bat Mitzvah. So the package included free air fare, meals and free stay at Paris. When we arrived at the Paris, the line to check in was aweful and there didnt seem to be any interest on part of the desk to add more people. There were two people working with the line going into the casino. When we finally got to the front, we were annoyed but continued on to ask for an upgrade to their large suite. We were able to upgrade to a beautiful room that overlooked the pool and strip and Belligio fountains. The room was huge, two bathrooms, sitting area, it was awesome.....UNTIL I found things were not very clean. Crums on the sofa, window ledge, and worst of all there was a stain that I didnt notice until the day we checked out on the duvat cover. I was sooo totally grossed out. This was an expensive upgraded suite and they couldnt clean it properly. When I called to speak to the hotel manager or perhaps the front desk manager, they apologized and said they would replace it. I said we were checking out and I certainly hope you would replace it for the next person. While I didnt ask, I would hope perhaps a discount off the room would have been nice or complimentary breakfast but nothing offered. Five minutes after getting off the phone, I hear a knock on the door, its the supervisor of housekeeping asking me about my complaint and she had an attitude. While the room was lovely, the cleaniness was certainly a factor and customer service is lacking, definately not a top rated hotel at all. We rented a cabana for a day and again, the cleaniness of the cabana was bad, The staff working was bored and customer service again lacking. Thisis our second time staying at Paris and probably would not return.	
Jul 4 2009 	Confusing	Have stayed at other Harrah's properties so thought we would try this hotel just for a change. VERY hot outside 108 and sitting in a black car waiting for valet to get to us was not really the way to start the vacation. They had only two people working the valet at noon and not blaming them but they were walking very slow when going to cars. There were about ten empty cars ahead of us and each of them had to be parked prior to anyone even talking to us. Okay now we move to the inside which is very cold and the checkin went pretty smooth. We were asked if we wnted an upgraded room for an extra $40.00 per night so we said sure. The lady checking us in was nice, but we to ask how to get to the elevators as no directions were given to anything. The way this hotel is laid out getting lost is easy to do. Made it to the room which had a good view and the room itself was very nice. As we were unpacking room service came in and put a $8.00 bottle of water in the mini bar as she had forgotten earlier. Found out had she not done that we would have been charged for the water. Three days here turned out to be ok but not special enough to return. The check out was a nightmare at 9:15am went to the front desk to check out because we could not see the bill on the TV. After a short wait stepped up to the desk and the lady working it just looked at me as if I was intruding in her life. I had to start the conversation by telling her I was checking out, at this point she told me the computers were being upgraded and I could not see the bill nor have a copy but would just need to trust that it was correct and they would send me a copy of the FINAL bill if I really wanted it. Ever leave someone a blank check and hope they don't take all of your money? I gave this lady my fax number and ask her to send my bill as soon as possible. Two days later I had to call again to try to get the bill, guess what the computer system had not beeen upgraded it was just broken, big difference. I did get my bill faxed but will not be going back as I do not like being lied to or asked to just trust that my final bill will be sent to me without me looking at it.	
Jul 2 2009 	Nice Stay	Everthing went smooth as silk...recommend the restaurant Mon Ami Gabi which has great seating outdoors, opposite the Bellagio fountain show. The meal was good too! All in all a great location and nice hotel.	
Jul 1 2009 	Paris is Superb~Our hotel choice for all future Vegas Trips~	Arrived on Father's Day, June 21, 2009 for a three night stay. Check in line was long; however, they had many employees working so it seemed to go quick. We got their most basic room, I think they call it a luxury or deluxe room, whatever, it was comped for all three nights so I didn't care. They offered us a Suite for $85 per night. The checkling told us their suites usually go for $550 per night. We declined. Then they offered us an upgrade to a Red Room for an additional $40 per night. No thanks. We are no-frills type of people who are rarely in the room anyway, besides their basic room is more than adequate. We were given a King, Non-smoking on the 8th floor. Not much of a view but we did see a little of the Bellagio. Bathrooms are gorgeous, all marble, stand up glass shower, great toiletries. Wonderful Beds, the best sleep I had of our entire two week vacation. I highly recommend the Paris, the location, restaurants, casino are all fantastic. You will not be disappointed unless you are the type who is never happy. I can't believe some of the things people find to complain about on trip advisor, keep in mind some people just can't be pleased. Oh well, we appreciated the free stay and enjoyed every minute of our visit!	
Jul 1 2009 	Fabulous Hotel	Amazing stay at the Paris. Our casino host arranged the entire stay for us and I do have to say that I was expecting a little better service, considering we were preffered, and comped guests. We were actually upgraded to a larger suite than anticipated, which was great and the room was very nice, with a beautiful view of Vegas. The only thing that needed replacing was the couch, but besides that everything was beautiful. The bathroom was particularly superb, and there was plenty of closet space, a wet bar and even a separate dressing area. The service was ++ and the staff was extremely responsive. We needed a lightbulb change and someone came within 5 minutes. Room service was also very quick and the hotel was surprisingly quiet. Great blackjack &amp; roulette tables. The only qualm I do have is the lines for restaurants there were terribly long, and we usually ended up walking to Bally's (which is connected) for a diner-like breakfast and 'faster' food. There was never a wait for cabs and the pool had wonderful misters, considering it was in the middle of the summer and extremely hot, but wasn't insanely crowded, which was nice. The casino was never dead, even at all hours of the night. Business center was great and the plane ticket machines were available right near the elevators. Great experience.	
Jun 30 2009 	Excellent Location Great Hotel	This is my fourth trip to Las Vegas and my second time staying at Paris.We took the Showtime Shuttle from the Airport - $12 per person round trip. I have always used Showtime and find them to be prompt, reliable and affordable. Only issue is that you get dropped off by the side door and have to walk a bit to the lobby. A cab drops you off right at the main entrance.We arrived around noon and checked in right away - no lines and our room was ready. We selected a Red Room without a view. The room was okay - not as nice as the Augustus Tower at Caesars, but it was less expensive. The bathroom has a small tub, shower and toilet all in one room. Augustus Tower room has a separate water closet and jacuzzi tub. But - how long are you in the bathroom in Las Vegas? The shower door didn't quite close all the way and therefore water leaked and the toilet ran a bit ... again, not big issues, but just small things that kept me from giving Paris a five star review. The room was fine for what we needed.The pool is on the third floor of the hotel and that's nice because you don't have to walk through the casino or shops in your bathing suit like you have to a Mirage, Caesars or MGM. The salon and spa facilities were fine - I had a manicure and got my hair styled for my wedding. My husband used the steam room and liked it - although it wasn't anything fancy.The restaurants, cafe, and shops are all located together and that is also nice because you don't have to walk all over the place to get a coffee in the morning. It's easy to get in and out of the hotel and there's a walkway through Bally's to get over to Bellagio. Once you figure out the path, it's very easy to navigate.The casino was fine for what we needed, not as big as others, but I never had a hard time finding a slot machine I liked. My husband frequented the Sports Book and always received friendly service. I had never bet on sports before and the associates were very patient and friendly during my learning curve.The best thing about Paris is the location. It's right in the middle of the Strip and easy to walk to the other hotels. We'll stay somewhere else when we go back, but only because that's part of the adventure to try out different hotels. I definitely recommend Paris.A few other notes of interest:Peepshow - take it or leave it ...&quot;O&quot; - finally saw it, it's excellent!Zefferino's at the Venetian - amazing foodDiablo's at Monte Carlo - fun atmosphere and good foodNathan Burton at Flamingo - fun time, appropriate for kids	
Jun 29 2009 	Paris Part Duex	Hi all,Just returned from another fantastic week in Las Vegas. This is my second time at the Paris and was just as nice as previously stated. With that said there were some disappointments but nothing to stop me from staying again. The disappointment that I spoke about was my travel documents. When I booked the room through my travel agent I received a run of the house room. Now I was hoping for a red room which is there nicer rooms. Although the room we had was nice, deluxe room, I would have really preferred the red room. When I asked for a free upgrade, all they offered was a $40 a night more for the room. I respectfully declined. So next time we stay I will book the red room through the website. (use the hot price to get really good rates, also sign up for e-mails.) This time around the valet was awful. I went to Utah to Zion and after a three hour drive back all I wanted to do was go back to the room and take a shower. Not only did it take 20 minutes to get from MGM to Paris it took another 20 minutes to park the car it seemed nothing was moving!!! Was it a fluke, probably, but it got me on a wrong day...If you bring a laptop be prepared to pay 15 bucks a day for internet and 25 bucks a day for the gym, unless you go to Mandara Spa then fee is waived FOR THE DAY.So your wondering , would I go back? Definately and I would pay for the red room.Do me a favor when traveling to Las Vegas, find out if a convention is staying there. We had a convention with for the deaf. I am sorry, but I am a special education teacher and there was no reason for the rudeness of people.	
Jun 28 2009 	25th Anniversary Trip	My wife and I were looking for some place nice to go for our 25th wedding anniversary and boy did we find it! My wife had never been to Vegas and it had been about 29 years since I had. So after researching all the different hotels, we decided on the Paris. We wanted on the center of the strip, not too expensive not too cheap. The Paris sure fit the bill. We Arrived Around 9:15 and took a taxi from the airport. The ride was quick and the driver was very nice, the cost was around $22 dollars including tip. Went to check in and we were on our way to our room in under 15 minutes. Told the woman at the checkin counter it was our anniversary and she up graded us to a red room with out us even asking. Plenty of elevators so it seemed like you never had to wait. Room was very nice and very clean, Only complaint was the pillows on our bed seemed a little small and cheap. None the less we had no trouble sleeping at night.The rest of the place, casino, shops, and restaurants were very nice. Service was very good with the exception of the buffet restaurant, there was always a line to get in but when you walk by there were alot of open tables and the staff working there did'nt seem as friendly.The location on the strip is great not a far walk to any of the other casinos on the strip and plenty of action close. We also took a taxi back to the airport quick easy and only $15. When we go back the Paris will be high on our list.	
Jun 27 2009 	Great Location Good Hotel	We spent two nights. Paris has large rooms, good beds, nice bathroom, but no lcd tv and you have to pay to high speed internet...we booked luxury room (basic) with no view. The health spa was not great and I dont have any lucky in cassino. Great Location, in front of Bellagio, near all atractions	
Jun 27 2009 	Stayed at Paris June 21-25	I have never written a review but since everyone here has been so helpful with their reviews i thought i would give a whirl.We arrived sunday noon, check in was a breeze, lined looked long but i would say 15 minutes was our wait although i will say the clerk wasnt the happiest person, we ask for a upgrade with a scenic view and was told that would be extra $40 per night, we declined. Never had to wait on elevators, they were quick and always one available, didnt have to travel with luggage too far to get to elevators either, which is nice after flying all day. Our room was ready at 1:30 pm which was also nice, we dropped our bags in our friends room and hit the strip. The room was nice, clean, i thought the bed was comfy, although they need to give you more blankets, that was odd. Bathroom was nice and big, plenty of room and room was made and cleaned everyday when we returned around 5ish. No coffee makers in room, thanks to TA i was aware of that and brought my own.Ate at spice buffet next door and forgot our coupons and that ended up being $50 for lunch, way too much in my opinion but alot of food and it was pretty decent quality. Had to wait 30 minutes but not too bad. We headed to MB that evening to see Purple Reign a tribute band for prince...(note:check around for free admission coupons, we didnt realize that until next day.) Cost 10 p/p to see them but it was worth it, we had to wait about one hour in line to see them and then at the last minute they offered you a table up front for 100.00 and that got you in quicker but we declined, we had decent sits at a table in the back and alot of people just stood around, that band was amazing!!! He acts and looks just like Prince.Went to Mystere at TI the next night, bought tickets ahead online, still had to wait to get into show, seating was great, i dont think there is a bad seat in that show. Definitely worth the money, amazing..amazing...amazing. Plan on seeing 'O' next time around. Dress was anything from shorts/t-shirt to dresses and dress pants. We went over to Kahunaville (i think thats the name of the bar) and the bartenders were having a contest and then everyone got free shots, you just went to up to bar, opened wide and got a free shot poured in your mouth, the atmosphere was fun!! We wanted to go back but never made it.I would say Paris was nice overall, we ate at Le Village Buffet for Break, that was wonderful, food was good quality. Casinos, i didnt care for, didnt pay, so we always ended up at Ballys they paid better for us. Went to Eiffel Tower, that was breathtaking, the view at night was so beautiful. We watched the fountain display at Bellagio. Be sure to get tickets in advance and use your 2 for 1 coupons.Took shuffle to R io carnival buffet for lunch, that was smooth, didnt take long, got right into buffet, no waiting. Too much food, quality was pretty good, not as good as Le Village but i would go there again.We frequented alot of hottels, some are so beautiful inside, especially Venetian, loved that place. CP was awesome, like the casinos there and the forum shop. Okay, i could go on and on but had a wonderful time, want to go back, probably would try another hotel but Paris was great, dont get me wrong. I would stay again just would like to try differ places. Wear comfy shoes, try to use coupons when possible, drink water...little tip, instead of paying tons for water in casinos, try ABC stores or alot of time people stand aroudn with coolers selling a bottle for a buck especially on the walkways across. Have FUn!!!!!I	
Jun 27 2009 	Great room enjoyable stay	Stayed 4 nights paying only £36 a night by booking a few weeks in advance with Great Late Deals! We had a blue room which faced the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower. Beautiful at night time. The room was not dated as some have stated, but perhaps we were lucky in room 2290. We didn't have a wait at check in and it was very smooth. Ate at the Buffet in the Paris having been given a discount voucher at check in and also went up the Tower for free with similar vouchers. We took the free bus to the Rio using other vouchers and had a great night there for £10!!Thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would recommend this hotel especially as it was a bargain price and in a great location on the Strip!!	
Jun 26 2009 	Great location and loved the food.	Upon check-in , we had a 15 minutes wait, which I did not mind. I was asked if I wanted to upgrade to a remodeled room for $40 more a night, I declined. Our rooom was onthe 14th floor and I view was the front side of the the City Center complex. What a complex that is. Our room was the basic room with the blue carpet the slightly worn furniture and a very very uncomfortable bed. The bathroom was big which was a nice bonus. The bathroom did not have a well working exhaust fan though. The temp. in Vegas was around 100 for the four days we were there. The room a/c was set at 66 and it ran all the time. If you were on the bed closest to the a/c you did feel cold, on the next bed not so much. We really enjoyed the food there, we ate at JJ's Boulangers three times. The breakfast items were great and so was the pizza. The breakfast special was a ham and cheese croissant with a coffee or juice for $9. We did eat at Mon Ami Gabi, with the view of the strip and the fountains. It was great, a little expensive , worth it though. The pace around the walkway to Bally's was a nightmare, I felt you had to have a turn signal on to get onto the walkway. On the other hand, the casino was the opposite, that was easy to walk around. The slots pay out for me anyway was very poor, we gambled at other casinos and did better. Over all a nice experience.	
Jun 26 2009 	Nice room	We spent two nights at the Paris hotel/casino. We did not have one of the more recently updated &quot;Red&quot; rooms, though it was clean and the bed fairly comfortable. The bath was nice size and nicely decorated. Location is great, being center strip and the Bellagio is right across the street. Having a beer was ridiculously expensive...$6 each for domestic. So most of our beer was bought at &quot;Casino Royale&quot; for $1 each. The Eiffel tower is in my opinion worth the time, especially at night. What a view...and if you pick up a Vegas.com book, which are available in most hotels/shops or the little boxes in various locations along the strip, there is a 2 for 1 coupon for the tower making it only $12 for two people.	
Jun 25 2009 	In Love with Paris	Upon arrival, I was impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel. Front sidewalk was even polished. The France theme is beautiful and the details are remarkable. This is my first time checking into a hotel and this is my best experience yet. The staff was top notch! When people are great to you, how can you ever have a bad time? I had no problem checking in early (10AM). The desk clerk was very nice, friendly and accommodating. Since I’m celebrating my birthday, barely legal (just turned 21), she upgraded us from a regular luxury to a red room luxury with strip view room on one of the top floors at no additional charge. (I had to do the sandwich trick though). The Caesars Palace and Bellagio fountain view was breathtaking! The room seemed a little plain to my boyfriend but for me, I thought the room was well decorated and the furnishings were elegant. The French colors and fabrics were really classy. It was cleaner, bigger and newer-looking than most. Service was fast. I called and asked for additional towels and soaps and I got them in less than 10 minutes. No fuss made though I mentioned that I was celebrating my birthday, but that’s fine, I got free room upgrade anyway! Casino was nice enough and feels a lot less dark than a lot of them on the strip. Valet was slow but it didn’t bother us that much as it is pretty common with all gaming hotels. So we just decided to self-park, not much of a burden at all. Parking structure is pretty close to the elevators. I like the fact that the pool is on the roof. You wouldn’t have to walk through the casino in your swim suit, all wet. The pool isn’t all that big but the view of the Eiffel tower is lovely. I can’t say enough good things about this hotel and would definitely stay here again!	
Jun 25 2009 	Not bad not great	Stayed for 3 nights with my wife. We took a shuttle from the airport, which drops you at a side entrance. It was confusing to find the hotel desk, but employees were helpful. Waited 10 minutes to check in. Asked for an upgrade to the Red Room and paid $40 per night for the upgrade...don't know if it was worth it or not...we had a nice view of the City Center, but only a partial strip view. The room was clean and the bathroom was very spacious. The hotel is in a very convenient spot, and tends to have a lot of people inside at all times. Didn't feel anywhere near as spacious as Caesar's. The buffet was decent. The theme of the place was quaint. We would try somewhere else next time.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great location!	It was a wonderful location and a great place for a business conference. We were able to see most of the strip from outside the front door. Service was prompt and polite and the restaurants were good. A very satisfactory stay. It was not life altering, but it was memorable. We suggest skipping the in house entertainment to go across the street and see what is happening at the Bellagio.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great Location	Great location in the centre of the strip, within easy walking distance of lots of good hotels for activities, such as the Bellagio fountains, Mirage Dolphins and New York rollercoaster. The room was quite a traditional style but in good repair and clean. Bathroom was bice with separate shower and tub. Amenities ie shampoo were a little disappointing though. Food options in the hotel are quite good for evenings, especially Mon Ami Gabi which was excellent with fantastic views of fountains. Seemed a bit minited for light breakfast options unless you wanted to line up for buffet or 24 hr cafe. The pool area is large, unlike other Vegas hotels I have stopped in with plenty of beds so it did not feel overcrowded. Drinks by the pool are pricey though. Didn't gamble in Paris but instead went to other hotels with lower minimums, best is still TI in my opinion. Don't bother going up the tower it's rubbish and the grates on the view make it virtually impossible to get a decent photo. Only complaint was check in, long queue and only 3 people serving on 10 desks!!	
Jun 21 2009 	Oh la la !!!!	What a great place to stay in Las Vegas. Very close to everything. You could walk anywhere along the strip. The hotel staff were great. We had booked in on a very good deal and when we got there they asked us if we would like to upgrade for further dollars. We said no, but because we had travelled so far they upgraded us anyway to the most amazing room with an incredible view all over the strip and Las Vegas. The staff could not do enough for us although one downside was one of the cafes in the casino was poorly run and the staff obviously did not enjoy their job there. We asked to hire a car for a day while we were there and it was no trouble for them to do that for us. The room was incredibly spacious and quiet and so clean. All facilities were in good working order and well organised. A great place to stay. We wanted to have a game of golf and they even offered to organise that for us as well.	
Jun 19 2009	Great stay at Paris	Last year were married on top of the Stratosphere on the BigShot ride and would recommend for anyone who wants a thrill wedding! This was our first anniversary visit. Overall a great stay at the Paris. Last time was Excalibur and that was nice with two teens and we almost stayed there again, but the reviews seemed very good for Paris and the mid-strip location was good and got a good deal through Alligent Air. This time just us two and first time at Paris. We got in so late because of plane problems 5:00am that our non-smoking room was unavailable which was our only gripe. All hotels seem to be first come first serve for the rooms and that is wrong!! We had to accept a smoke room and change at 11:00. The smoke room was an upgrade to a Red-Room, but when we did get our lower rate Luxury room , it was almost just as nice #731. Separate nice shower(bathroom appeared the same), 27&quot; TV, but who watches in Vegas, but maybe a little news(did not try the adult movies,lol)Overall atmosphere is wonderful at Paris with many shops and eateries and the architecture and detail is great along with the Eiffel tower!! Casino was laid out good with plenty of room to walk. Although we did not win we had a great time.Bally's next door was also nice, but I think we had the most fun just walking up north and stopping at all places. Every casino was fun and different! Everywhere has different drink prices and atmosphere so hard to say which was better. A beer and shot of house Tequila was $6 at Bills,but 10 or twelve up the road? I think most people know that drinking on the strip can be pricey!A night spent downtown at Freemont street is a must for Vegas. We had a great time with all kinds of entertainment and people to watch! We took the Duece Bus $3 one-way or $7 for 24 hrs(good deal) Took about 30 minutes, but the ride is fun with good views if you can sit on top and in front part. Another night we also tried the monorail down to MGM and went to Excalibur, NYNY and Tropicana and had a great time $5(one-way) We also rented a car for 2 days and hit the local resorts during the day around Vegas. I will do this again next year! Boulder Station was our favorite for wins and atmosphere, but also nice were Sams Town and the upscale Red Rock Casino &amp; Resort. Arizona Charlies had great food. There are quite a few to hit . I took a $6.50 shuttle ride from Paris and picked up the car at LAS car center and then dropped it off when we left town. I booked ahead with Priceline and got an SUV for $37 The new car center and buses to the airport are great and quick (7min) with plenty of signs to show you where to go!Stop at The &quot;Welcome to Las Vegas &quot; sign just south of Mandalay Bay on Las Vegas Blvd for pictures!Last year stopped at Hover Dam and South rim of grand canyon and would also recommend! Beautiful scenery but takes most of a day.So much to see and do so will have to come back next year to continue the adventure. Hope your trip will be as fun as ours!!!	
Jun 18 2009 	OUI! Paris Delivers!	My wife and I stayed at Paris in June. We selected it based on reviews found on Trip Advisor. We found a great deal through a Trip Advisor ad with Southwest Ariline that included airline, hotel and a car for 4 days and three nights.We upgraded our room to a &quot;Red Room&quot; in advance. If you want to see what it looks like, just check out Paris website.Check in was hectic. A large crowd of travelers filled the lobby. My wife predicted a 30 minute or more wait. The actual wait was about 15 minutes. Check-in was simple. I checked about an upgrade to a room with a Strip view. The cost would have been an additional $55 dollars. We declined.The Red Rooms are on the higher floors. They are indeed stunning. The rooms have crown moulding, armour, large flat screen TV, huge comfy bed and on and on. If you can upgrade to a Red Room, I highly recommend it.The bathroom has the shower seperate from the tub. The bathroom is stunning too. I only wish the tub was a bit larger.The Paris has a pool too. It is large, but only 3 1/2 feet deep. It's not designed for diving. I saw a few children at the pool, but without a kiddy pool, a diving area, or a slide, it's not a good fit for parents looking for a place for teens or pre-teens trying to blow off extra energy. The pool staff was efficient and courteous. They will check on you every now and again but aren't pushy. Prices for snacks and beverages are a bit steep but the breakfast burrito (made with a red tortilla) for $10 was good, and big enough that my wife and I could split it.We joined the players club which is good at all Bally's and Harrah's locations too. Whether you gamble or not, the card gives you a 10% discount in the shops at Paris.Parking at Paris was ample. Getting in and out of Paris was crazy UNTIL we found the shortcut. If you absolutely must see the Las Vegas Strip from a car and waste both your time and your sanity, good luck with that. If however, you want to actually go somewhere in a timely fashion, access the parking garage from the east end of the property. You can access the parking garage entrance from a street named &quot; Audrie&quot;. Audrie is not a through street, but can be accessed from E Harmon Ave. If you come in and out through the &quot;back door&quot; you can save a bunch of time and hassle. You might be able to save some money by having a taxi use it instead of the Strip. The casino at the Paris is OK. I'm not much of a gambler, so the inside of one casino looks and feels much like any other. I must say however, all the casinos do a better job of ventilation than in years past. Several internet kiosks are located throughout Paris. Each cost $5 to use. They don't provide change. Internet use is 35 cents per minute, and each page you print costs $1. We found $5 is just enough to access Southwest airline, check in, and print boarding passes. The concierge desk was most helpful. They answered all questions honestly and fairly without trying to push services on me like a time share salesmen.Paris seems to cater to couples crowd. Their advertising on their signs say &quot;Everything is sexier in Paris&quot;. Paris would be ideal for a Honeymoon, or a couple trying to ad some spark back into their marriage. I did see people with children, but I don't think Paris is a good fit for kids.I recommend Paris.	
Jun 18 2009 	No Electricity In My Room!	I stayed at the Paris for a conference. I had a 6:00 a.m. flight, so I got up at 3:00 a.m. and had no electricity. I called the lobby and was told that it was a scheduled maintenance outage. When I explained that I needed to shower and pack, all they would do is to send up a small flashlight. When I called and requested a partical refund, I was told they would not make a refund because they had post signs stating there would be an outage. Although I never saw a sign and there was no message on my phone, I surely did not receive what I paid for - a room with electricity.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great Hotel..... Check in/out Staff needs work	We went to Vegas two years ago.. and Paris was the Hotel we were amazed with. So this time... there was no question of where to stay.We booked and when we got there check in was a little odd. They had one clerk for check in and then 3 clerks working for players members. Which wasn't busy.Check in did go quick.... we asked about an upgrade, bluntly she said 60.00 a night more... she did say some rooms already have a view so maybe we would have a view....So we said we would check that out first. Got up to our room and looked like someone had already layed on our bed. The view was construction... we headed downstairs and decided on a better view. It was 64.00 more a night but well worth it. Got up to our room and the keys did not work... called security and then after putting our stuff up .. headed back downstairs to get keys that worked...The lady was just like, oh guess i didn't scan them...The day we checked out.... the lady checking us out was very loudly rude to a customer before us... she had no smile... no thank you... no nothing... she did ask us if we had a nice stay then said ok your done.... Next.... i then heard her being rough to the next person.Other then that... the room is spacious... gorgeous veiw of Bellegio.... bathroom spacious... room cleaned... nice ....nice.Just wished the check in/out staff could of been a little kinder.	
Jun 17 2009 	paris and trip thoughts	First off thanks to all who write reports , I love the read and it keeps my juices flowing for my next trip. This was my first stay at paris , my wife and I started by trying the twenty dollar upgrade and it worked but unfortunately my wife is a smoker and the upgrade was to a non smoking room cause that was all they had so I politely declined the upgrade and told the check in clerk to keep the twenty because she did what we asked but the non smoking thing would have put a damper on my wife's vacation. So our view was a view of parking garage I think but the room was ok nothing spectacular but adequate enough for us ,as we do not spend a lot of time in our room to begin with. The gambling was fairly good to start, I started at roulette about twenty minutes into our trip and within 15 minutes I was up over a $1000. We pretty much stayed even the next few days with little wins and little losses. our daily gambling budget runs about $1000 per day and we stayed up until the last day which was just awful and we (I) took a [--]kicking on the craps tables at ballys on our last day. So our gambling totals are -100$ for our trip. Food and entertainment: We didn't venture out like we normally do we enjoyed meals at burger brasserie (B+), margarittaville (A+) the chicken caeser and wings were awesome, the buffet at Planet Hollywood was yummy (B+), Ellis Island restaurant (Steak special 6.95 for 10 oz ribeye, baked potato, caesar salad and a beer was unbelievable A+),and paris room service food was good as well (B). Now the bad , The Paris Levillage Buffet was not near as good as I remembered and the lines to get in were crazy(C), The tequila bar at bally's ,right next to the sidewalk cafe was awful terrible food and service(D)and the absolute worst was the Hooters restaurant at the hooters casino I ordered wings and they were absolutely horrid and I couldn't eat them. It was like eating grease by the mouthful and trust me when I say I LOVE WINGS. This was the absolute worst (F). Went to the live airing Of the one more round radio show outside at hooters pool and it was fun got to meet a lot of fighters there, and then went to UFC 98 at mgm the next night had a great time and we didn't have great seats but that didn't matter cause there didn't seem to be a bad seat at the grand garden arena. We also did a cabana rental at the paris pool and we loved it . It was the first time we ever did that and we really enjoyed it. If your with a group of four or more I would highly recommend doing the cabana rental as it was a blast. Well another trip done and I'm starting to plan my next one for probably september and yes I probably will stay at paris again, so everybody keep writing and I'll keep reading!!!!	
Jun 17 2009 	Love Paris Las Vegas	I just returned from Paris Las Vegas from a 3 day weekend. This was a very belated Christmas present for my parents. We had a wonderful stay. Checkin was quick and rooms were ready by noon. They called my cell to keep me updated. Rooms were red rooms, which are newly renovated with flat screen TV, down comforter and pillows. Bed was very comfortable. Buffet was great with different sections daily. (Go at 3:30 and pay lunch price but changes to dinner at 4:00). Crepes are phenomenal. Drink service in the casino was readily available no matter the time. Casino was smokier than in the past, but I attribute this to a slightly older clientale..... not just the young 20's. All the staff we encountered were genuinely helpful and friendly, not &quot;fake friendly&quot; or prententious. Paris is large, but not too big, yet small and quaint. Will absolutely stay here again!!!	
Jun 15 2009 	Wont be staying here again	When my husband and I arrived at the hotel, there were only three people working the front desk. We asked if we could upgrade our room to the red room, and we were told no. After arguing with Mary (the person who checked us in) for about 30 min., we finally got our room keys and headed to our room. The room was ok, not what I was expecting, we had the view of what i think was the back of Bally's. The hair dryer sucked, the tv was out dated, the alarm clock keept going off in the mornings even after I had physically turned it off. On Sunday our last day there, I searched for a menu to order room service and was unable to find one. When I got trasnfered to the kitchen I was on hold for about 20 min. The good thing was that Ballys is connected to Paris, and we could easly catch the monirail from there. I think we spent most of our time in Ballys gambling and dinning. Overall I think they need to do some remodeling in all of their standard rooms, check out was alot better the line wasn't long at all. Hopefully the next couple and group of friends have a better stay.	
Jun 15 2009 	GREAT HOTEL	We stayed at Paris hotel. It was a great, clean hotel. It was walking distance to other hotels. Check in and Check out was very quick.	
Jun 15 2009 	fantastic	A truly luxurious hotel situated in the central strip, lovely views of the bellagio fountains. Good bars and restaurants within the hotel - check out mon ami gabi steak house (book ahead!). Helpful staff, will help you to book tickets for shows, etc. Rooms are lovely and big with good sized bathrooms. Mini bar a bit pricey. Overall a great place!	
Jun 14 2009 	Red Rooms are a SCAM-service is terrible	Please don't bother with the Paris. They lure you with cheap room specials, get you to upgrade($100) to the exact same room you booked -except for the Red headboards. Mentioned it was my 40th b-day and gave the front desk $20, and still nothing special. Carpet was wet, room was smokey........PLEASE GO TO THE FOUR SEASONS	
Jun 13 2009 	A great place to stay	This is the best hotel yet. We've stayed in a couple in the last 2 years but Paris is the best. The deco, the shops, the boulevard leading to Ballys was great. Service was good and we were accomodated even though we were early checking in. The rooms are clean and spacious. Express check out was handy. It was a great place central to the strip. I would defo recommend this..	
Jun 13 2009 	Good hotel but some minor irritations	We stayed here for two nights in May 2009. Previously on the same holiday we stayed at the Luxor. The room we had was good with a strip view overlooking the Bellagio fountains, we had wireless internet.On checking in, we wanted some rollaway beds for the kids. Four of us in two beds was wearing thin by this time. We purchased an upgrade packade on this basis, but were told subsequently we couldn't have rollaway beds. After going down to reception to request the original room at the lower price with the beds, we eventually managed to clarify that we COULD have one rollaway in all rooms, but not two because of fire regulations. So we kept the room and got the extra bed. The first receptionist could have explained this, but didn't.The upgrade package we purchased was for a strip view and included access to a special lounge with included continental breakfast and two free alchoholic drinks. What we weren't told at the time of upgrading was that the drinks were only available up to 8pm, and it was 7.45 when we booked in. Had we known this, the upgrade would have been of less value and we may not have had it. We went down to complain that we weren't told the loiunge would be shut by the time we got there, and the response was basically &quot;Tough&quot;.We were next to a suite room, and for two days the cleaning staff left a breakfast tray outside in the corridor and didn't remove it. Also, there was an old towel kicking around the lift lobby the entire time. We have no complaints about the cleanliness of our room though.I don't want the above comments to put people off upgrading, or staying here. We are glad we upgraded to the better view despite the irritations with the reception desk staff.It's a very Vegas take on Paris. The cobbled streets are shiny to replecate the look of a wet street at dusk. We did like the buffet, although no Parisienne would dress in the costumes the staff had to wear! Moldovan national dress I think it was. There is a good attempt at doing an authentic version of Paris without the flaws. And to my mind it works well. The view from the top of the &quot;Eiffel Tower&quot; is great, and a good place to watch the Bellagio fountains. We went up during the day, but queues in the evening were quite long - just like the real one.So I'd rate this hotel as a good place to stay. Our experience with the reception staff wasn't the best, but that probably isn't the norm. We were just unlucky	
Jun 13 2009 	the price was right great value and at the centre of strip	just returned from a 5 night stay at the paris. the price was right, through expedia. although the dollar to pound rates aren't great at the moment, it was stil good value. as mentioned by several reviewers, the check in is very slow. only one clerk in duty at 8pm on the evening of arrival (sat). to be fair, she was very attentive, and helpful.11th floor room (1124) was at the end of the long corridor - very quiet, and had view over the entrance, and planet hollywood. i could just see the very edge of the bellegio fountains. the room was clean (the windows dirty). two queen beds, easy chair, good range of tv channels and great bathroom; seperate shower and bath. housekeeping cleaned room everyday.the pool area is great (sun hits the area at 930am). large pool, plenty of sunbeds. le buffet is great for breakfast; wonderful selection, and superb crepes. didnt use for lunch or dinner. plenty of eating choice in the hotel. check out (at 6am) was a breeze. overall a great stay if you can get a good price. (just be prepared for a wait when checking in!	
Jun 11 2009	Great value at current rates!	I went out as a 21 year old with my mom and older brother, stayed at Paris and had a blast. I did my research beforehand and thought the location of Paris would be perfect for a first legal trip out to Vegas. Checked in on Memorial day took 10 minutes at most. $20 trick got us strip view overlooking pool, Eiffel tower and clear view of Bellagio fountains! The room was very clean and housekeeping was helpful every day. The pool is basic, but it was plenty big and it was very cool looking up at the Eiffel tower. Very European feel in the pool area, I liked it. The casino was kept very clean in my opinion, very little smoke circulating and drink service was attentive. Check out the cobblestone streets leading to bally's, lots of cool shops and restaurants along the way. We ate at Le Burger Brasserie one night and it was AWESOME. One of the best burgers I've had. Overall, Paris was a great choice at the rates we booked at... Awesome value for the $$$ and I would highly recommend.	
Jun 10 2009 	Liked our stay - 5/24-5/30	We stayed at Paris Sunday, May 24 - Saturday, May 30, 2009. A little background. This is our 3rd stay at Paris. Last one was for one night last September and another trip a few years ago. We typically stay at Bally's. There were 3 of us: me (mid 40's), husband (50) and daughter (mid 20's).Check-in took about 25 minutes or so. We got in line right before noon when several people were checking out. Clerk was friendly, got checked-in and off to our room.If you aren't familiar with Paris, there are 2 or 3 different banks of elevators that go to various floors. Each bank has about 8 elevators. We never had to wait long to go up or down on the elevator.We were in room 437. It was a little over 1/2 way down the hallway. View was of a roof and looked toward the Paris balloon. A view would have been nice but I didn't want to complain about the view because most of our nights were comped. The thing that was not so great was that the service room was right across from our room. The service room was where housekeeping got towels, blankets, pillows, etc. So there was quite a bit of noise and chatter going on every morning.The room has 2 beds, a desk with chair, 2 cushy chairs, a cushy footstool, a small glass table, night stand between the beds, lamps on each side of the bed, a lamp on the desk, and a stand up lamp. There is an armoire that has a closet on each side of the tv area and below the tv are 4 dresser drawers. There was a small refrigerator in the room that I think was stocked and we didn't touch because we didn't want a charge. There is no closet and no luggage stand. There is an ironing board and iron. The bathroom has a blow dryer, magnifying mirror that pulls out from the wall, and large vanity with 1 sink. The glass shower with glass door is separate from the tub. The room is a bit smaller than I remember. No problems with our room being cleanly. The one day I accidentally left the Do Not Disturb sign on the doorknob, they called and left a message to explain why they didn't clean. I called and they came up later when we were ready for them. When we first arrived we needed called for extra blankets and towels. They were delivered within a matter of minutes.The pool is on the 3rd floor so that was a bonus of being on the 4th floor. Take the elevator to 3rd, walk a very short distance, and you are at the pool. The pool was busy on Sunday and Monday due to the holiday weekend but was less busy as the week went on. There was a DJ on Sunday but music only the rest of the time we were there. Saw the cocktail waitress a few times. Never had trouble finding a lounge chair. We tried to go to the pool in the early afternoon most days but a couple of days we went later (around 3:30). By that time the sun has definitely shifted and you have to be strategic in finding a lounger or place in the pool that is in the sun.We didn't gamble a lot in Paris, just not enough time. I went to the casino one morning while waiting on husband and daughter. Found a blazing 7 penny machine. After playing it for about 30-45 minutes, I hit the jackpot! Needless to say I was very happy.We did not eat at Paris. We did eat at Ballys Sidewalk Cafe. Disappointed to find out it is now only open 6am-2pm. The RIO shuttle picks up outside the door (side toward Planet Hollywood). It's free but we tipped $1 for each of us. Monorail station is located on the lower level of Bally's, back near the pool. We like staying near the center of the strip so Paris was perfect for us. We had to catch our plane at 11:00 so checked out around 8:00 a.m. Only waited in line about 2 minutes. Check-out clerk was not a friendly person at all. We wanted to apply any comps to our room charge. Husband had already packed his Total Rewards players card away and she said they couldn't look it up. Grouchiest person I encountered during our entire trip.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great time	Wife and I stayed at Paris, first time, June 1 - 5. Also my first time in Vegas. We arrived at the hotel around 11:00 pm and checkin was very smooth. As we had prepaid via an Allegiant Air package clerk advised us we didn't have to leave a credit card impression, our choice. We were upgraded from a regular deluxe room to a &quot;red room&quot; on 28th floor. From touchdown at airport to entering our room took 40 minutes. We ate breakfast and dinner a couple times at Cafe Ile St Louis, creperie for breakfast a couple of mornings at La Creperie and Mon Ami Gabi for dinner one evening. Certainly not inexpensive for breakfast as eggs benedict and coffee for two plus tax and tip ran $40. Crepes and coffee for 2 including tax $26. Cafe Ile St Louis had a great dinner special of filet mignon Oscar, about 6 oz of meat, veggies and roasted potatoes for $12.99. Waitress who served us our first dinner there remembered us two nights later, even our names. The night we ate at Mon Ami Gami they were featuring chateneuf du pape for $40 rather than their usual $90. Of course we ordered a bottle.Pool was ok, water around low 70's. Got a 12 oz plastic glass gin and tonic at the pool bar - $12. Felt that was a bit of a rip-off.Walked, walked and walked. Didn't do any gambling, wife blew $40 on slots in about 10 minutes, nor did we take in any shows. Next time we'll do that.Overall, it was a good experience and we'd go back although I'd like to try some of the other hotels like Mirage, Belagio,Venetian, Pallazo but would need more $.	
Jun 9 2009 	Incredibly poor staffing and rude to boot	After waiting close to forty five minutes in line to check in (they had all of two people at the front desk during peak check in time) our group was shuffled around to several different rooms. We tried to explain we had booked the rooms together so we could stay nearby each other and had even made that request during the booking but it was made clear to us we could take it or leave it. Not wanting to waste any further time we went to our respective rooms to find one had not been made up yet and there were wet towels on the floor un made beds and a surprise in our lavatory (yuck!!!). We called down and sur eenough were told to come back down and wait in line for a different room. Could not believe they were serious but they were. On top of this bad start the prices were way too high for the quality of the place and the food is average at best, again with poor service. I have never been to France but if Paris is trying to recreate a rude environment they have definately succeeded!	
Jun 8 2009 	Would definitely visit again	I read the reviews on Tripadvisor and was nervous about my stay at this hotel as most commented the rooms were small. My stay was wonderful. The buffet, both breakfast &amp; dinner, surpass the buffets at the Bellagio &amp; Ceasars. The atmosphere is very tranquil, and the Parisien theme sets it apart. It is centrally located, a big plus. The staff is very accomodating, as I had a problem with my shower; my room was changed immediately, without asking. I stayed at the Mirage and now much prefer the Paris. The room size is slightly larger than any hotel chain, and the bathroom has a full bath, with a free standing enclosed shower. Roomy. I hope your stay is enjoyable !	
Jun 8 2009 	paris i will be back	we are going june 22 2009 but i stayed at paris at least 10 times.stardust was my favorite because i knew where everything was,well guess what now i know where everything is at paris.the rooms are very nice the food is great and the casino is cozy.i have been to other casinos on the strip and paris is by far the best.i cant wait to go,	
Jun 3 2009 	Excellent Location ~ Comfortable Room ~ Nice View	We stayed at Paris on our 8th trip to Vegas. The location and ambiance are excellent. Paris offers many great food choices at reasonable prices. We stayed in Room 1911 and had a view of the tower and Bellagio fountains (drawback, windows were filthy). For the most part we had excellent service, but the housekeeping staff were inconsiderate in the mornings with their shouting out good mornings to each other while the hotel guests tried to sleep. The pool was very nice. I absolutely loved our stay at Paris and would return again on another trip.	
Jun 2 2009 	the only place	We have been travel to LV for many years and came to the conclusion that THIS IS THE ONLY HOTEL we would stay during our visit. the services, atmospheres, gaming, etc..etc... even the guests whom staying here are a cut above.	
Jun 2 2009 	Loved the overall ambience	Stayed at Paris Las Vegas on a busines trip. The hotel has a totally different ambience and true to its name tries to capture all the intricate details of Paris. It has beautiful cobblestone sidewalks and scaled down replicas of the Eiffel Tower and Arc de Triumph. The ceiling is painted to resemble the sky and the fading glow of light is just perfect - you cannot say whether its 6 PM or 12 midnight ! A great ambience to play at the casino all night! The rooms are also spacious and comfortable - though mine did not have much of a view. The view from the Eiffel tower replica is supposedly magnificent - though I regretfully couldnt make it to the top.There are some really nice restaurants and my favourite is Le Provencal for its fantastic Italian food and wine. All in all a very nice and memorable experience and would definitely recommend this to a fellow traveller.	
May 29 2009 	Hotel was nice but service not so nice.	The hotel was a very nice hotel. I visited it last year and knew I wanted to stay there someday. The rooms were nice, but not so clean. When we got there, there was a toothbrush in a drawer and garbage in the can. They made the bed the next day and kept my husbands shirt under the sheets while making the bed. We walked out in the hallway the morning after we got there and 3 rooms had room service food on the floor waiting to be picked up. Three days later after complaining someone finally got it out of the hallway. Gross!! I like the location of the hotel, but I don't think I would stay there again. You could never find anyone when you had a question or wanted a drink.	
May 27 2009 	Paris - worth the money	We've gone to Las Vegas every year for the past ten years and stay at a different hotel every time. We've actually stayed at Paris twice because it is so nice. If you want more bang for your buck upgrade your room to include the continental breakfast and evening cocktails. It was worth it for two of us to get breakfast each morning and 2 drinks per person and snacks in the evening for the cost of the upgrade. Also, if you like French onion soup you must try La Cafe right outside the elevator entrance. Regardless of what hotel we stay at we always go to the cafe at least once during our visit for the soup.	
May 27 2009 	an ideal get-away	We have been to Vegas before and hesitated about going again. Staying at Paris,LAs Vegas made all the difference ! The room was excellent,providing one of the best bathrooms we have ever had in our travels. We enjoyed Mon Gabi ,the pool and the pool cafe. the holiday was all we expected and more.We will recommend this hotel to all our travelling friends and family.	
May 27 2009 	Luxury hotel and rooms in the most central location	This was our &quot;splurge&quot; while in Vegas at about $75 for a midweek room. It was like a 5-star hotel with mini bar, room service, a great pool scene and lovely buffet.	
May 25 2009 	Affordable Luxury	Compared to other hotels on the strip, I thought this was a hotel in an excellent location with awesome amenities for an affordable price. The casino probably isn't all that great but you can cross over to the other casinos within a few minutes walk anyways. The decor was done tastefully giving you a glimpse of a cleaner Paris (none of that graffiti and street litters). The restaurants were excellent. The club (Risque) was lame though. Definitely go elsewhere for your dancing needs. I love the room! We got a standard room but they gave us a view facing the strip. We were able to see the Eiffel Tower and a little of the Bellagio fountains. The bathroom was okay. Good enough for two girls getting ready for a night out. However, I think the place is more ideal for romantic getaways and lovers. Not for a group of guys or girls intent on drinking and dancing the night away. They have a very nice spa as well. I recommend the Hot Stone Therapy Message.	
May 24 2009 	Smokey and Dirty	We stayed at this hotel several times when it was part of the Hilton family of hotels and it was beautiful and clean. We went with friends for New Years and extended weekend. Since becoming a part of the Harrahs chain; it was smokey in the casino, disgusting bathrooms in casino area, not enough staff gto wait on guests and overall the whole hotel was dirty including the elevators. In comparision, one has to only walk to Venetian and smell roses upon entering or ride the tram to Luxor which was clean and smoke free. The cuts that Harrah's made to save money have hurt the Paris and even the top of the chain Caesers was dirty and smokey. The room was ok but obviously needs some help after 7 years with cracked tiles, stained rugs etc	
May 22 2009 	Best Hotel on the Strip	By far the best hotel we have stayed at on the strip so far. We have stayed at NY/NY, MGM, Luxor and Monte Carlo. Our check in experience was a great experience. We booked through expedia at a basic room rate, but when we arrived i showed them a military ID and we were upgraded to the next higher room! The room itself was roomy and inviting. The bathroom was large and exceptionally clean. It had a bathtub and a separate walk in shower. The casino was clean and the drinks were flowing unlike some of the other larger casinos. Paris is attached to the Bally's casino so you don't have to go outside to walk a good ways, north, down the strip. Planet Hollywood is next door with numerous shops and cheaper eating places. We ate every morning at &quot;Mon Ami Gabi&quot; which has an extraordinary eurpean style breakfast with a al fresco dining area right on the strip, with a great view of the bellagio hotel water display.The rooms have a stocked refrigerator, cable TV and adequate heating and air. We also never ran out of hot water (in the shower or bath) which is something that we have had a problem with consistently at MGM and Luxor. We booked this hotel at around $105 per night. Exceptional pool, lockers are a problem (not enough of them), and there are no resturaunts (fast or otherwise) in this hotel open very late at night.	
May 22 2009 	I love it here	I've stayed at this hotel before, and was not disappointed this time.First, the location is very central on the Strip. It is across from Bellagio, between Bally's and Planet Hollywood. There is a monorail station at the adjoining Bally's hotel. You decide if this is a convenient way for you to get around, but the fact is that there is a station in easy striking distance.The &quot;basic&quot; room and bathroom are spacious and very clean. Two small closets flank the TV set (NOT flat panel) in an armoir-like case. There are three drawers in the unit, and more drawers in the nightstand -- enough room to stash a fair amount of stuff. Two comfy armchairs, a table, and an ottoman outfit the room. There is a mini-bar, but one of those with spring-loaded bottles and cans that incur a charge when jostled. Still, we could manage to find space for the odd piece of pizza or fruit, but not much. There is also an ironing board and iron. Lots of nice toiletries in the bathroom -- shampoo, conditioner, lotion, bath gel. The bathroom has a separate tub and shower.Room 630 looks out the back, but we got a good rate and were on the go, so that was okay. The pricier rooms look out over the fountains of Bellagio and the Strip -- nice if you need a special view.The pool here is really nice. First, you are in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower -- such goofy fun. It did not feel at all crowded. There are more than enough chaise lounges for everyone, and the staff do not over-crowd the chairs, i.e. some are kept in reserve and put out when it looks like things might get a little crowded. This made the area seem very nice and spacisous, compared to the crowded pool areas at other hotels. For those who don't want full sun, there are potted trees around, and some parts of the pool area are shaded by the hotel itself at different times of day. There are also private cabanas for rent. A poolside cafe can supply food and drinks at your chair, or you can have lunch under a scrim-rook (I wish it was more shaded -- too much hot sun gets in.)We really like the lobby amenities here. The casino decor has all of the kitschy cliches of Paris -- more goofy fun. There is a really nice range of restaurants from quite expensive fine dining (Eiffel Tower) to moderate places. Mon Ami Gabi, Ah Sin (Asian,) the Cafe, and a steak place all have atmospheric setting, even if off the casino area. Back down a hall are a casual ITalian place; a crepe stand; the buffet; and a breakfast/lunch spot.The find: go to the Lenotre cafe that is very near the elevator bank and newsstand. The morning coffee is slightly less costly than the other breakfast spot and better, and Lenotre also has wonderful pastries and muffins. Also: I don't think people see the very good sandwiches and salads in the case here. You can eat at tables, or grab these items for a quick lunch on the go or when you need to get work done in the room. There are also good ice creams.There are a number of good shops to poke around in.Gustav's bar is a good place to park yourself with a glass of champagne to view casino action, and there are other good spots for drinks throughout the lobby.Service was uniformly nice and friendly throughout the hotel, whether at the check-in desk or business center or pool or on the casino floor.Downsides: internet access in the room is $15 a day -- very annoying in this day. Also: the pool has no charge, but the fitness facility will cost $25. I didn't want to use it, but this always feels like nickle-and-diming.Managed downside: There was one day when a DJ appeared in later afternoon, cranked up some music, and gave away free items, but the next day it seemed like someone (thankfully) asked that the noise level be turned down. So far, Paris has NOT adopted that tacky promotion of fencing off a &quot;European&quot; sun area (read: topless sunbathing, often for a surcharge of the priviliege of being in that area, and/or ogling.) I hope it never does -- that would spoil the nice setting.To sum: while we still might check out other hotels on future stays, there is a strong preference to stay here. It is definitely a place to check.	
May 21 2009 	don't waste your money on a "red room"	Just returned from Paris Las vegas. We booked a &quot;red room&quot; as they were supposed to be more elegant and renovated. The only thing I saw that made it different than the traditional luxury room, was red paint in the bathroom and some kind of red bed boards behind the bed. I think Paris needs to make it what it should be and that is an elegant, classy hotel and a step above a Harrah's property.Also, watch your bill at checkout. We had a charge on our bill for a movie,( which we did not rent) and also three charges for the mini bar (which we did not open). I called the front desk and they told me that there was no way this could happen unless we used those services from the room. The front desk person was not nice about it either. After thinking it over I checked and saw that the charges were made at 1:00 p.m. the day of check in, the only problem there was we did not get our keys until after 4:00 p.m., so that shut them up, and the charges were removed. That was also something we had not seen before. You are not allowed to check in until after 4:00 p.m. as they are all booked, but you can store your luggage for a fee and play table and slot games and spend money until you can use your room to freshen up. Things are changing on the Harrah properties. Maybe check into some of the other hotels, such as Mirage, or Treasure Island, Wynn or Venetian.	
May 21 2009 	Nice Room Great Location Horrible Shower	To me, Paris is in the best location on the Strip. It is attached to Bally's and you can walk right across the street to Bellagio and Caesar's, and all the main hotels you'd want to visit are in easy walking distance in both directions. In addition, the food places in the hotel are AMAZING. The crepes and croissants are great, and the dessert selection at the buffet was delicious!!! It is also easy access to one of the Half Price Show Tickets booths - there is one at Bill's right across from Bally's so you don't have to walk outside in the heat very far.The room was the basic room with king bed and very roomy and comfortable. The bathroom was really nice - lots of room on the sink for toiletries and whatnot, BUT: it had the worst shower of any hotel I have ever stayed in. I have long hair, and need some amount of pressure to successfully rinse shampoo and conditioner out of it. Imagine trying to rinse your hair in a gentle rain. That is pretty much how the shower was. The shower head was not adjustable and so high up on the wall that you could not even try to get your hair near where it comes out to give that added tiny bit of pressure. It was nearly impossible to rinse soap off your legs. The bath tub was very nice though - took a bath one night - no complaints.The last night we were there a new guest checked into the next room and my husband could not sleep from the sound of the TV coming through the wall. He had to call security 3 times (being transferred around and having to reexplain the situation multiple times each call) before they came up and the noise stopped. It seemed like they could have easily called the room and asked them to turn the TV down but instead it dragged on for a couple hours. It could have been handled better. We stayed 4 nights and that last night was the only one where we had noice, so I guess it depends who your neighbor is!We did use the pool but there was only one bank of coin-operated lockers which is ridiculously inadequate for such a large hotel. The pool opens at 9 and we were there by 10 and they were all already in use. I did double check with the lifeguard and he said those were all that were available. They do provide an in-room safe but who wants to keep their wallet in the room and have to run up there if you want to buy a drink? My husband and I could not go in the pool at the same time as someone had to watch the wallets. Also, not one of the 3 sinks in the ladies' room worked. I saw two other ladies exit trying to get the soap off their hands. Overall, the hotel is really nice. The location is great! I am not sure I would stay there again due to the shower. But I would consider it as we liked the rest so much.	
May 21 2009 	Pleased again!	A group of friends had 5 rooms and we were all pleased! We weren't in the newer &quot;Red Rooms&quot; that we stayed in last year but the rooms were still clean and nice. We went to the spa for the first time and we were all rather disappointed. There weren't as many ammenities and products to use and the treatment rooms were nice but, some of the rooms have windows which brings in way too much light while trying to relax during a massage.Like many of the other reviews say, location, location, location! You can earn your comps easily at all the other nearby Harrah's properties. Food was great in all the places in Paris and nearby Ballys.Sure can't tell we are in an economic slump in Vegas! The hotel and stip was packed!	
May 20 2009 	Great stay	Perfect location for the strip. Very pricey for basic things like water, breakfast etc. No tea and coffee facilities in the rooms, forcing you to buy from the hotel which is expensive, but so is all of Vegas. The french street in the hotel is great and there are some great Patisseries!	
May 19 2009 	Debra W. from St. Louis Missouri	Upon arrival I was in awe with the cleanliness of the hotel. The workers were very nice and helpful. The room was extremely clean and the view was lovely from the 26th Floor. It is directly across from the Water show, close to Planet Hollywood and various establishments on the strip. There were alot of shops and restaurants inside the hotel itself if it wanted a romantic getaway. The only thing I didn't care for was the congestion of the casino slots and it was extremely crowded (Mother's Day weekend). Also there is a $15.00/day fee for internet service excluded from the hotel rate. I would definitely stay again with a better idea of what I would like to see.	
May 19 2009 	Rude Employees Poor Value Poor Service!	My Husband and I were married at the Paris Chapel One year ago and we returned for our one year anniversary this May. Back in May 2008 We found the staff to be pleasant towards us when we were married and they seemed to be gay friendly at that time. We remember having a lovely experience with a nice congratulatory staff, this of course was when I was a Diamond card holder. When we returned this May to celebrate our one year anniversary the experience was not as pleasant as before, in fact it was drastically different. My Diamond membership that renews every six months renewed in April 2009 prior to our stay. Due to the poor economic times I wasn't able to gamble as much as the prior year and my card was re-established as a gold member (lowest tier) after holding Diamond status for the past 6 years. We were treated significantly below average after this happened, the staff was rude and Not gay friendly, we did not receive one anniversary congratulations from any of the Paris staff after informing them that this was the reason for our return, they simply looked away as if we didn't exist. The room we were assigned was old and run down. Our Le Artiste dinner reservation was lost, the food quality was poor and extremely overpriced in all areas of the property, and the staff was rude and unorganized. The gaming was terrible taking without even the smallest return, overall the Hotel was understaffed and inefficient. This was worst service I have ever experienced in the past 15 years of my travel and gaming in Las Vegas. I don't know what has happened or why they would allow their hotel to be run so poorly but it was BAD. I am also a player at the MGM/Mirage and I will be booking my stays with them in the future and I will spend my money there as well. The MGM now owns half of the strip and I always get treated very well at their properties. I am sorry to say that Harrahs seems to want Gay travelers to book at Paris and spend large amounts of money there without returning the favor with even as much as a smile. I felt very uncomfortable at this Hotel being a gay man and my husband who is in the resort business was extremely disappointed as well. Paris if you expect people to pay your extravagant prices than you should provide extravagant service.	
May 19 2009 	Best Hotel Ever! WE LOVE IT HERE	After a terrible experience at New York New York - we checked into the Paris. The gave us a suite for just over $158 a night. It was devine. The hotek atmosphere was great, unlimited supply of free drinks and great service on gaming floor. Shopping complex in centre amazing and of course faux Eiffle Tower was beautiful. Everything just works well here - great service, wonderful rooms, nice restuarants and beautiful pool. Cannot reccommend thsi highly enough!	
May 19 2009 	Pleased with the Paris	We were really concerned to stay at the Paris after reading some of the reviews. Despite what we read, we were really pleased. Check in was at 8:30pm and it went quickly. The very nice part is that we were upgraded to a suite with no extra charge. Everyone was friendly and helpful. The staff was pleasant. It is a really great location on the strip. Make sure you eat outside at the Mon Ami Gabbi.......good food and service. The annoying part of the trip was the people handing out the cards and the people trying to get you to see a time share. A very good experience overall. I would go back there.......location, location, location.	
May 18 2009 	LOVED The paris	Wonderful room, just the luxury room, but big and clean and perfect - The best food and service ever. I would go back in a heartbeat.	
May 17 2009 	First Time and I will Go Back	Stayed May 11-14 for my 50th. Birthday. Room was a comp. but because it was my birthday they upgraded me for free to a room with a view. And the view was fantastic. I could sit in my room and look out the window and watch the fountains and if you lifted the little windowseal part of the window you could really hear the music too. This hotel is in need of upgrading, but I thought it was just fine. The location was great, the people that worked there from front desk to the bellmen were all really nice and always had smiles on their faces. This was a great place to stay and I would really thing about staying there again.	
May 17 2009 	Wow!	For a basic Vegas hotel room, this more than met our expectations. First, it was bigger than most. Second, it was cleaner and newer-looking than most. Third, it was really classy, with the French colors and fabrics. Fourth, I've noticed over the years that the Paris still keeps all areas really clean, including the public rest rooms. Finally, where else in Vegas, does one get to really feel like you're in the city the hotel is named after? Only the Paris. New York, New York? Fuggheddaboutit!	
May 14 2009 	GREAT LOCATION DECENT PRICES	We stayed for 2 nights last Sunday and Monday. There were 3 aduts in the room and we found it to be quite spacious with comfortable beds. Big bathroom, huge shower and a bath. There was no breakfast included nor was there any complimentary tea/coffee in the rooms. You are unable to use the fridge for your personal things like water and if you take anything out for longer than 45 seconds, even to look, you automatically get charged. We had a good view towards the MGM grand and the facilities downstairs were ok, but very overpriced. Best to buy food from walgreens unless you have cash to burn. Staff very helpful and friendly. Oh wait till you see reception, wow! And another thing, the wireless internet was very expensive yet in super 8's and the like you get it for free!!	
May 14 2009 	Enjoyed Paris!	11th trip to Vegas but first stay at PARIS, Saturday check-in. Tried for an upgrade and the $20 tip worked for a KING RED ROOM on the 30th floor. Very clean modern accommodations. Our friends were not lucky with an upgrade and had a traditional room on the 16th floor which was also very clean. Our room had a big flat screen, they had a standard 27&quot; both had about 12 channels (I don't go to Vegas to watch TV) our room also had a little iPod stereo alarm clock which was excellent....might buy one for my room! Bathroom very nice with separate shower. The room had no coffee maker or fridge and the coffee shop at the bottom of the elevators charged $6 for 2 large coffees. Mon Ami Gabi is a great restaurant overlooking the strip, we ate breakfast there. If you and your travelling companion can agree on something to share the portions are HUGE and plenty big enough to split so french toast will cost you $5.50 each, coffees again are $3 each. The pool is plenty big enough with lots of chairs, on the weekend they had a DJ. The Paris location is very convenient on the strip, 10 minutes to the IP, Harrahs, or Flamingo or 10 minutes the other way to MGM. It was a little bit of a walk from the parking garage to the check-in but once that was over getting from my room to the casino or the strip or the pool was quick and easy. Paris has a nice casino but no Poker room, no problem since Planet Hollywood is really just next door. I would definitely recommend PARIS!	
May 14 2009 	Great staff great location great stay!	My wife and I spent 4 nights at the Paris Hotel and have nothing but good things to say about our stay. The staff was top notch and always asked if there was anything else we needed to make our stay better. We upgraded to a room with a view of the strip which gave us a view of the Bellagio fountain across the street as well as free breakfast, a couple of free drinks and appetizers every night. We thought it was well worth it for the price we paid. Not the flashiest hotel in Vegas but for the price, location, and staff we would stay there again in a heartbeat. We did have a mystery charge on our bill at checkout that was taken care of with no questions asked. If your looking for a nice hotel in the heart of the Strip, this is the place to stay.	
May 14 2009 	Disappointed over all...	My wife and I paid our first visit to Vegas in late April and we stayed at the Paris.On the good side; it's a terrific location. You can't ask for more. Architecturally, the building is outstanding. The shops in the mall between the hotel and Ballys are quite good. You can find breakfast for 8.95 which includes ham and egg croissant and coffee. That's good value. We enjoyed a fantastic dinner at Mon Ami Gabi, the restaurant that includes the outdoor patio on the strip. One of our travelling companions has eaten there several times and his recommendation did not fail us. If you want to check out the dueling pianos in the lounge you will be entertained; but better be drinking or the bartenders will enforce a two drink minimum. On the downside: the smoky public areas were nauseating. I can't tolerate smoke much and don't have to, thanks to legislation that bans it most places. But compared to other hotels, the Paris's ventilation system does a poor job of clearing the air. I wouldn't spend any time in the casino for that reason.As for service, it was less than cheery at the front desk. But possibly, in character with Paris...Our room, the basic variety was just that: very basic. Not refurbished in a while, nothing to cheer about. But it did have decent mattresses and a working safe, which are both pluses in my book (and I travel a fair amount).All in all, however, this experience wasn't up to what my wife and I had expected.The Paris is a nice place to visit, but next time we'll stay somewhere else.	
May 12 2009	Hotel Paris a bit dated but excellent service	We stayed at Paris for the 2nd time 5/8 to 5/11 for the Dave Matthews concerts. Previous trip was 5-6 years ago. The room was a smoking room and it was a bit war torn. I wish I had thought to bring some travel Febreze for the carpet to freshen it a bit. Although I had read the reviews about the TVs being dated, I didn't think it was an issue, given the amount of time I stayed in my room. It was a bit inconvenient having to scroll through 8 channels of Asian TV to get to CNN, and the tvs/furniture do need to be updated (some of the furniture was scratched). Bathroom was OK, not as nice as I remember, the shower, while a 4 piece bath, was a bit cramped. The floor service (cocktail waitresses, dealers) was GREAT! I prefer gambling at Planet Hollywood as you can not hear any music at the craps tables at Paris. The buffet at Paris was OK, lots of people enjoying the crab legs, which looked good, but not somehting I'm into. The food we did have, (chicken/beef/pasta) was kind of cold. Desserts were great!The St Louis restaurant had mediocre service at best, but better food. One meal my meal ticket was buried under my entree! They didn't even take if off my bill!	
May 11 2009 	Non-smokers people who like clean rooms would be happier elsewhere...	I know it's Las Vegas, I know casinos have been smoky places since the dawn of time... but... this was pretty disgusting. Stayed on a non-smoking floor, but it didn't really help. One of the smokiest bar areas on the casino floor is right next to the main bank of elevators - you have to walk by it to get anywhere. Our room had a thick layer of dust/dirt on the carpet all around the perimeter of the room (you could see it very clearly as the carpet was blue). I guess the maids haven't heard of that crevice/corner attachment. Based on prices alone, you'd think Paris was right up there with Bellagio, Venetian, etc, but we visited those places during our stay and those properties were much more nicely maintained, and the air quality was MUCH better. (People smoke plenty in those hotels but they must work hard to filter/ventilate, because you hardly notice it. When you walk into the Paris, your throat starts to tighten on that first inhale. It's very disturbing.)On the bright side, the location can't be beat (center of the strip, across from the Bellagio and next to Planet Hollywood and great shopping), and we had a nice time around the pool (good music, friendly waitresses). However, unless Paris upgrades their air filtration, or Vegas laws crack down on smoking in casinos (unlikely), I'd avoid this place, especially at the prices they're asking -- even with the economic downturn.	
May 11 2009 	Great position one of the best places to stay in Vegas!	Stayed here for the first three days of our honeymoon and I must say that it was fantastic. We initially chose Paris for its location and were not disappointed-if you want somewhere that's bang in the middle of the strip then this is it. Unlike other reviewers it was quiet when we booked in, although our room wasn't ready for an hour (it gave us a chance to start our gambling and drinking!). Was a bit disappointed that no fuss was made with it being our honeymoon although we were offered an upgrade...for $90 a night. I would say don't take this up as the room we were given was excellent anyway!The bedroom was massive, and the room itself nice and clean. Loved the cocktail bar next to the pool and was great to sip mohito's and sizzle in the baking sun. Ate at the buffet for breakfast and thought it was fantastic. In short, if you are going to Vegas for the first time then I would recommend Paris-it ticks all the right boxes	
May 10 2009 	just booked again for 14 night stay	we have stayed at paris many times it is a lovely hotel set on a great part of the strip we always upgarade to a la mans suite the pool is fab the food is good and the staff are greatwe always stay in vegas for 2 weeks it takes a long time to get from ireland we sometimes stay in three different hotels on one trip but this time we will stay the 14 nights at paris you can catch the free shuttle outside and have a great night at rio another favourite of ours	
May 10 2009 	Nice stay at Paris	My step sister and I stayed at the Paris hotel for two nights. I had always wanted to stay there so when Harrah's offered 2 nights comped, I couldn't pass it up. Upon arrival, I asked for a nice view on a high floor. I was quickly informed you had to pay for a view. It was 65.00 a night etra to have a view of any kind. She also offered to upgrade us to a Red room with concierge level priveledges for 150.00 per night. We declined since we don't spend much time in the room anyway. We were placed on the 22nd floor with a view of Bally's. The room was alot smaller and more worn than I expected. I always assumed since it was usually quite pricey, that the rooms were larger but that is not the case. The bathroom was small too but very nice. There was a seperate tub and shower and the toiletries smelled very nice. The bed is very hard, not very comfortable.  The location is awesome. We love the breakfast buffet at Paris so it was nice to have it right down stairs. We also loved having Planet Hollywood and Bellagio (our 2 favorite gambling places) so close. Overall, it is a nice place to stay and I would stay here again.	
May 10 2009 	you get what you pay for a quality hotel	Great location, great rooms, great staff most high end hotels are a ripoff with fancy reception rooms and little substance. Paris is not like that. The quality is everywhere and it makes it a very plesent stay. Dinner at the effial tower is great as well	
May 9 2009 	vegas vacation!	booked this hotel and flights on expedia for 6 nights and got a really good deal. me and my hubby went to vegas for the boxing at the MGM, so booked early before the tickets went on sale and got a really good deal. paid £40 for the room per night for the basic room. must have been a special deal the night we booked as came out a lot more expensive in the following days, but this may have been due to the boxing tickets going on sale. we stayed at the excalibur last time we went to Vegas. but the Paris is far superior and a much better location for us. we arrived at 9pm after a very long flight, no queue at reception and the nice lady asked how we were, i told her we were very tired after the long flight. she asked if we wanted to upgrade to a &quot;red room&quot; for $40 per night. we declined as we were not planning on being in the room much, far too much to do and see and more important thing sto spend our $ on, so i said no thanks, she said she understood how we felt after a long flight as she had recently been on a trip to the uk said she would upgrade us from the luxury room to a premium room for free. both rooms were still the old style furnishings but the premium room had a better view. so we were very happy with our first impressions of the hotel and the staff. our room was nice enough, clean and had a spacious bathroom. we couldn't have asked for a better room for £40 per night, we had a full view of the pool, eiffel tower and partial view of the strip and bellagio fountains.we eat at Cafe Ile St Louis a few times, we had to queue for 15 mins once, but quick service and good food. we didn't eat at any other places at the paris as I am a fussy eater and found some of them a bit fancy. it's worth going up the eiffel tower for the veiws, but use the 2 for 1 voucher found in most of the free coupon booklets. casino is nice enough and feels a lot less dark than a lot of them on the strip. we also went to Risqué nightclub, we got in for free, not sure why as i expected to pay, but we didn't get asked to pay so we weren't complaining! not sure if u get in for free if u stay at the Paris but we didn't show our key cards and got let straight in, no queue.. anyways we went in and as usual, u don't get a seat if u don't pay $300 for bottle service, but we stayed for a few drinks, i think it was around $20 for 2 drinks. music was a good mixture. it was a lovely hotel compared to some of them on the strip, maybe not as pretty as bellagio, mandalay bay, venetion etc, but we got a bargain so we were happy, nice room, good views and central location. p.s. we reccommend the cheesecake factory in the forum shops, amazing food, decent price and amazing cheesecake!! and also the Mix lounge at the top of the hotel at mandalay bay. go before 10pm and u can get in for free and get a table, we sat out on the balcony, and it has amazing views, pricy drinks tho! $23 for a corona and a apple martini!!!great hotel if u can get it at a good price, would stay there again.	
May 7 2009 	Right in the middle of everything	Check in was easy. We were upgraded to one of the remodeled red rooms just for asking. At no additional charge. Rooms had huge flat screen tv's and seperate tub and shower. Plenty of food options at this hotel. Mon Ami Gabi has great food, and the outdoor seating is a great seat for the fountains of Bellagio and people watching. We were able to walk to everywhere we wanted to go as this hotel is in the middle of the strip. We had excellent service at the spa, one of the best messages I have ever had. Layout of casino and hotel restaurants and shops make them easy to find. We will definitly stay here again.	
May 6 2009 	Disappointed with Room	When we arrived they didn't have any rooms available except a handicapped accessible room (this was at 2:30 p.m.). They told us if we wanted a different room, we would have to wait two hours. Since we were tired and didn't want to wait until 4:30 p.m., we took the handicap room, but it didn't have the same amenities as a regular room. The clerk at check-in was a little rude, curt, and not friendly. She didn't offer any compensation in exchange for waiting for a room. Her attitude was basically &quot;take it or leave it.&quot; Next time I go to Las Vegas I'm staying somewhere else. Paris was definitely a disappointment.On the good side, dinner at Bon Ami Gabi was wonderful. Our table was perfect, just inside the patio in front of an opening facing the Bellagio fountains. The food was fabulous, but expensive. Don't bother going to the Paris buffet for dinner. Very uninspiring food choices plus the chairs are very uncomfortable if you are taller than 5 feet. The chair was so low I felt like I was sitting in a child's chair.	
May 6 2009 	We thoroughly enjoyed the Paris Hotel!	We selected the Paris Hotel due to its proximity to both the monorail and the Strip, as I was attending a conference at the Hilton. (My husband could &quot;stay and play&quot; while I was at the conference.) The resort is beautiful, and our room was lovely. We had a very spacious, clean corner room on the 8th floor with two large windows, one facing the Strip and one facing Bally's. There was tons of closet space, and the bathroom was huge, with both an excellent shower and a tub. We had the opportunity to dine at three of the Paris restaurants during our stay: Le Buffet, Le Cafe, and Mon Ami Gabi. All three were great, especially Mon Ami Gabi. We'd stay here again in a heartbeat!	
May 4 2009 	DREADFUL!!!!	I was simply disgusted!!! The lobby is awe inspiring, it took us no time to check in- our room wasn't immediatly available but we were offered another room that was. Elevators as well as corridors - really, really nice! When we entered our 2 queen room this is where everything went wrong! Carpeting was completly ran down, there were holes in the bed shams, the bathroom door knob fell off in my hand, the lamps attatched to the wall in the restroom had pieces broken and the bulb was not tightened which made it flicker. And to top it all off at 8am on the morning of check-out, the house keeper knocked on the door, not waiting for a response, she opened the door walked in and asked us what time we were checking out!!! I was completley dumbfounded...needless to say all of this was reported to management and the only thing I was offered was a late check out! I do not recomend this hotel at all...there are alot nicer hotels for the money!	
May 2 2009 	Not bad.	I arrived on Tuesday- was able to check in right away. I had a room with not much of a view. It seemed like the room had seen better days (large dings in the furniture, worn grout in the bathroom, slightly stained carpeting). The bed was very comfortable. Had a strange notice left on the table stating they would be shutting off power from 12am to 5am in the hotel so that they could do updates. They warned only a few elevators would be working and left light sticks to use. It was supposed to happen on 5/1. Interestingly, I the power never did go off?!? Room service and housekeeping were very attentive. The Mandara Spa I give mixed reviews. I got a massage and a facial. The massage was good- I think his name was Ovid. The facial was done by Elena who, of course, tried to sell me at least $100 dollers worth of product. As I was dressing after the facial, I noticed a slight rash on my upper chest where she had massaged in some product. When brought to her attention, she stated she didn't think it had anything to do with the facial. I disagree, but it was not very noticeable and has since gone away. The one major issue I had with the ladies spa area were the showers. Not very clean, on the dark side and I noted in more than 1 shower some grout that appeared to be moldy. Finally, there was one shower that had a faceplate about to fall off as well as the shower head was leaky and looked like it was on its last legs. While these appear to minor issues, the fact is if you charge as much as they do, I expect excellence. Probably won't use spa or stay at Paris again.	
May 2 2009 	Paris? Oui!	My mom and I spent a weekend in Las Vegas and although I had had my heart set on staying at the Mirage I simply could not deny the great deal we were offered at Paris.Once we were there I never regretted my decision for a minute. The location was even better than my last stay (Treasure Island) and the only con I could find compared to Treasure Island -- which I love -- was that the beds were not nearly as comfortable. But the bathroom was great!We even did the touristy thing and went up the Eiffel Tower Experience. I think the 12 dollar price is reasonable and if you come across one of the 2-for-1 coupons around then it becomes an obvious no-brainer. ABC Store is conveniently located at the Miracle Mile shops right beside you and, even better than the ABC store at Fashion Show mall, it's open till midnight so you can grab some bottled water and breakfast for the next morning for cheap.The Cafe (Ile de St Louis?) has a late night deal from midnight to 6am: 9.95 for 2 pancakes, 2 sausages or bacon strips, 2 eggs, and 2 biscuits with gravy. Not a bad deal but there's also a 3.95 breakfast at La Salsa Cantina (Miracle Mile) that has 2 eggs, 2 sausage patties or bacon strips, southwestern potatoes, and 2 tortillas (flour or corn). PLUS they have 99 cent bloody marys. But if you don't want to walk over the 9.95 deal is still good.The creperie is pretty good, too. I'm not a big fan of crepes but these hit the spot if you want a quick meal.I like the fact that the pool is on the roof. I find it awkward to have to walk through the casino in your swimsuit, even worse once you are all wet. Their pool isn't all that big, just like Treasure Island, but it does the job. I do have to give them credit over TI however for more attractive pool surroundings	
May 1 2009 	5 stars for the peeps	Incredible staff.......what more can i say, when people are great towards you, how can you ever have a bad time.......Paris is the best.......To housekeeping, thankyou for taking such good care of us........	
Apr 29 2009 	Wonderful stay at Paris	Celebrating 25 Glorious Years we booked the Paris with Harrahs rewards, I reguested a Red Room upgrade but we were only offered it for an additional $60.00/night. So I requested a P room for no additional charge and it was just lovely. A large room, with double floor to ceiling windows. Great view of the moutains and sunrise each morning. Large bathroom with tub and shower, a sitting area table 2 chairs a small couch. The weather was perfect 80's so the pool was crowded but never a problem to find a lounge chair. While we ventured out to other hotels, Paris was just perfect for us, not too big but big enough, Tables were plenty even $5.00 tables available on a weekend, unheard of in AC. The best was the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant, worth the wait to sit outside and watch the Bellagio Fountains while dining. Best French onion soup, steak and chicken delicious, Very affordable. The Buffet Breakfast was very good too. The hotel is like a little french city inside with the cobblestone floors, and beautiful decor.The Eiffle Tower experience was an added bonus with the 2 for 1 coupon we found.Great location on the strip 1st day we walked toward MGMthe 2nd day we walked to Venetian.Maid service was excellant and very friendly staff.We would definatley stay here again on a future trip.	
Apr 28 2009 	Smoky disgusting experience	Stayed at the Paris for 4 nights for a conference that was held at the hotel. Waited in line over an hour to check in (despite them knowing they had several thousand attendees arriving, they had 2, then 3 staff working the front desk in the hour I waited. Several colleagues waited more than 2 hrs to check in). The smoke was overwhelming from the second I walked in the door. My floor was non-smoking but it didn't matter - the air quality was just as bad as the casino. Disgusting. I wheezed, sneezed, and coughed the whole 5 days I was there. It was awful. Rooms were worn and not very exciting. Bath was quite lovely, though. Staff were rude and not helpful. Maybe they're trying to really recreate the experience of the REAL Paris. Well done. I disliked the real Paris, and now I hate fake Paris too.The only great food was at the Creperie. Delicious crepes. Buffet was busy and not great. Burger Brasserie was average. Meeting accommodations were a joke - a tiny business center serving both Paris and Bally's that could not deal with conference attendees' needs. Very expensive wireless internet ($14.99/day), and very expensive business services.A dump overall. Will NEVER return.	
Apr 28 2009	Blood on the Drapes....Yikes!	Service sucked....only TWO counter people to assist entire line of people waiting to check in. When we spoke with the manager, she never even apologized. Basically said there was nothing she could/would do about it! And in our room, Room 1283, there was BLOOD on the curtains. Go someplace else!	
Apr 26 2009 	first tripnot bad	My wife won our trip to Vegas in a contest in March and we chose to stay at the Paris over Easter weekend which was also my 40th birthday.We saw pictures of the hotel over the internet and read many of the reviews here so we felt prepared. Arrived around 1p.m. on Friday the 10th. Took a few minutes to find check in as shuttle dropped us off on the side of the Paris so we had to walk through the whole casino to find it. Waited maybe 5 minutes in line. Lady at check in was not the friendliest but had no problem getting our room. We didn't mention my birthday or try the $20 trick. We got a room on the fourth floor with a view of a retaining wall. Room was clean and big enough for us.Definitely not &quot;luxury&quot; as on our reservation but more like a suped up Econo-lodge.Housekeeping did a wonderful job during our stay. We didn't eat in any of the restaurants as we preferred to take the bus to Fremont Street to eat and shop on a limited budget. Check out on Monday the 13th was fast and hassle free. No hidden surprises.For transportation I recommend getting the round trip shuttle from the airport. Other than the time share spiel they try, it is worth the money. On the strip we got the 24-hour pass on the Deuce, a good deal.There were alot of things to see and do on the strip but as mentioned before, we liked going to Freemont Street where we got more bang for the buck both food and shopwise.Overall, we had a good time in Vegas and the Paris was fine for us.	
Apr 26 2009 	Amazing Hotel	We stayed in a regular room for 4 nights last year and absolutely loved it.Definately recommend the Breakfast buffet and the Burger Brasserie. We are going back to vegas soon, and will be visiting both restaurants.Great loaction for exploring the strip.TOP TIP: for a cheap breakfast checkout the cafe n the PH mall, next to the tropical rainstorm. Cheap quick food!!	
Apr 26 2009 	The Paris-Vegas	We travel to Vegas several times a year for business and pleasure. Sometimes we bring our kids (12, 9, 8) and sometimes not. We love the Paris in Vegas! It is a smaller casino, so it is easily and quickly get to places around the casino and hotel. It is located in the middle of the strip, so you have great access to other casinos-The Planet Hollywood (great sportsbooks, rockin' music, flat screen TVs everywhere). One of the best restaurants is in The Paris-Mon Ami Gabis. (I highly recommend the filet mignon with merlot butter sauce. And they have great French beer and wine.) There is a piano bar in the Paris, which is rockin' most nights. Lots of fun! We go there every time we are in Vegas. Sports bar is nice, usually has beer specials during big games. The Paris has an open stage in the casino, so live music is played on one side of the casino.The bad: The rooms are getting tired looking-not fabulous like other hotels on the strip. The pool does not get sun until noon, so the water is very cold (even in the summer). The drinks are way over-priced at the pool area. Cocktail waitresses at the open stage in the casino are never nice, so we have stopped going there.	
Apr 26 2009 	Excellent Hotel in all departments	We stayed at the Paris Hotel in April, our second vist to Vegas, last time staying at a different hotel. We were in Vegas for a friends wedding and found the Paris hotel excellent and excelled in all departments. The location is superb bang in the middle of the strip and right opposite the Bellagio fountains. I would certainly recomend the buffet breakfast at only $17 each for all you can eat and with a vast choice of food to choose from certainly sets you up for a busy day sightseeing. But I would recommend to get there early as the queues can be quite long to get in but they do more quite quickly. We found the rooms spotless and well furnished comfy bed and with a huge flat screen tv. The only little niggle was our room was one of the rooms where they had not yet installed a seperate shower cubical so we had a shower head in the bath. They told us that the rooms are in the process of been upgrading. We found the staff friendly and only too willing to be of help and assistance. I ordered flowers for my wife and i got the impression I could have asked for the them to be delivered at 3am they would have obliged!!! We were both very impressed and if we go back deffinately stay there again.	
Apr 25 2009 	Absolutely amazing time in Vegas and at Paris Hotel	I've now stayed at Paris for the 4th time...and have never stayed anyplace else. I went with my husband and his brother and sister met up with us a few days later. I was comped a room at the hotel and opted to pay $40 per night for a room with a view. Upon check in I asked if there were any suites and Amber (who was the nicest Front Reception employee I've ever dealt with) offered us a suite on the 33rd floor for only $85 per night (inclusive of the $40 previously mentioned)...so we took it and boy was it worth every penny. The suite was immaculate, the bathroom was stunning and we even received 2 rolloway beds at no charge. The service couldn't have been better. In all my stays at Paris, it has gotten better each time. I didn't see any signs of wear/tear and housekeeping was on top of things like you would not believe. I asked for extra towels, blankets and sheets and they were delivered right away. Mints were left on our pillow each night and the room was spotless when we returned in the afternoon.Everyone we encountered were very nice and helpful. We ate dinner at the burger place which was fantastic and also at Mon Ami Gabi. That is a restaurant everyone should try when they are in Vegas (whether you stay at Paris or not). The steaks were out of this world. One could easily find negative things to point out if they really wanted to but I guess my attitude is that you are on vacation and unless something is REALLY wrong, then let is go and try to have a good time. The shower pressure wasn't the best, the sink in the mini bar didn't drain all that well but I didn't stress but instead took a few extra minutes to take a shower - I mean, what's the big deal. You are on vacation. It would take me no time at all to consider returning to Paris. We had such a great time and until I have a reason not to, I see no purpose in trying out any other hotel. Where else can you get such a great location, a beautiful hotel, great places to eat and terrific deals. It was all good.	
Apr 23 2009 	FABULOUS in every way!	This was me and my husbands first trip to Vegas so not knowing what we were getting for our money was a little scary. There are all kinds of wonderful and not so wonderful places to stay in Las Vegas. We were fortunate and stayed at what I found to be the most beautiful hotel in Vegas. The Paris has comfortable, quiet rooms with roomy bathrooms, luxury mini bar for those who would endulge in them and an exceptionally warm feeling.When you enter you have a casino area but it is modest and doesn't send you into some kind of slot machine noise hell like some of them can. The larger casino is in the back connected to another casino. Inside is a gorgeous setting like being in the middle of old France. The detail is remarkable! The food is great and the staff is friendly. This hotel is HUGE, we were there for 3 days and I still couldn't see all of it!I went into every swanky hotel there just to see them and they all had something to offer but the Paris by far made me feel comfortable. A real plus is the fact that they have a rental car company on the premises. That came in real handy since we wanted to go to the Hoover Dam while we were there.I can't say enough good things about this hotel and would definitely stay there again!	
Apr 21 2009 	Crowded Quarters	We have been to Las Vegas numerous times, and for this trip decided to stay at Paris. It is not one of the best in town (though not the worst either).Most people say they love Las Vegas but wouldn't want to live there. I can now say the same about this hotel - Great place to visit and check out on your trip, but not to actually stay at.Why do I say this? Well firstly the actual hotel feels very crowded and cramped. The casino and shopping area are always bustling with 'passers by'. There are no quiet spots to relax in. We found it extremely noisy, cramped and confusing compared to most other casinos. There is no sense of sophitication or elegance that one might associate with all things Parisian. Worst still it permanently feels like it's the evening in there. Not great when it's a bright sunny morning outside. There is absolutely no natural light in the buliding at all. Not even at reception.The cafes and restaurants almost always had long lines, so even getting some breakfast felt like a chore. One night (2am) we decided we wanted a cup of tea. We waited in line for twenty minutes to be seated, only to find the cafe actually half empty. Why on earth we had to queue is anyones guess.??? (By the way - They do NOT know how to make a decent cup of tea either) In the end we resorted to McDonalds for our breakfasts. Where we had less of a wait, better tasting tea, and a much smaller check!The rooms are average for Las Vegas. Probably seem amazing to anyone who's never been there before, but take it from me they are nothing special. The bad design of the building also means 75% of the rooms face either the side of Bally's or Plant Hollywood. The adjoining hotels. If you want a strip view it will cost you $65 extra a night. Not worth it in my opinion unless you can bag a room higher than floor 15. Otherwise you basically see the pool and Eiffel Tower. Speaking of the pool - again distinctly average. Only one big round pool. Only 3ft deep even at the centre. No umbrellas to shade anyone, so you'd better want to fry in the sun. On the plus side they do have a nice cafe area there. This can only be accessed by guests, so less busy and actually fairly pleasant. If the management had any sense they would utilise this in the evenings too, with pool side dining and music.Lastly I have to say the service overall was not very good. The exception to this was the buffet where we found all our servers very pleasant and accomodating. I can't reccommend this hotel to anyone really. If you want better casino environment opt for Bellagio, Monte Carlo or Venetian. If it's a great pool you want go for Mandalay Bay, Caesars, Pallazzo or Flamingo. If great shopping is your thing opt for Caesars (for Forum Shops) or Wynn, Pallazzo or Treasure island (for Fashion Show mall). If you want a young, slightly more urban feel opt for Planet Hollywood on the Strip, or Palms or Hard Rock off the strip. Can I think of a single overriding reason why you should choose Paris? Sadly no. It's just average in all respects.	
Apr 21 2009 	wonderful stay	this was my first time staying at Paris - room wasclean - everyone was very nice and helpful - foodwas great!!! I was there alone and felt very safe -I would def. stay there again	
Apr 20 2009 	Fun girl's only vacation	Visited Vegas for a girlfriends vacation and stayed at the Paris. Great location at center strip accross from Bellagio. While the rooms were not huge they were large enough and comfortable with a mini bar, small sitting area and separate shower/tub in bathroom. Common areas of hotel are decorated nicely. Check in was fine but check out was long as it was Saturday afternoon. Casino area is large enough without being overwhelming. Bartenders were very friendly as opposed to over at the Flamingo where one was downright rude. Buffett and restaurants were very good.One complaint, room service charges for coffee based on number of cups you request not size of the pot.	
Apr 20 2009 	Got Upgraded - Great Location	I booked a reservation through Harrah's Friends/Family discount and got the room for 2 weekend nights at $70 each night. I arrived late around 9:45pm and there was no line at all...front desk said there was only a standard room with 2 beds which I didn't want...she ended up telling me that she's going to check to see if i can get upgraded to a suite...she comes back and happily says we've been upgraded to a P room....huge room for 2 people! Separate entry way for the closet, restroom and toilet. Came with mini fridge and coffee/tea maker. Really great value and really great location!	
Apr 19 2009 	Great location but rooms show their age	We went for my mothers 75th birthday, and requested a Bellagio view. Rather nastily, I was told that&quot; everyone comes here for their BD&quot;, and instead was offered a concierge level room for $80 more, plus $10/day for 2 people. Also, there is not one chair to sit in in the lobby!The rooms are showing their age., the hallways smell musty. The internet access is $14/day and the internet kiosks are expensive as well. The buffet is overpriced.Next time, I'll stay in the Bellagio again.	
Apr 18 2009 	Fun Loving Hotel Well Designed Well Situated	Right in the middle of the Strip and attached to Bally's where you can access the Mono-Rail or walk on over passes to the Flamingo or to the Bellagio or to Cesears Palace. Also very short distance walk to Planet Hollywood and the fun shopping stores and eateries. Mon Ami Gabi is truely a life-like experience of Paris France. The steak au poivre(pepper) is just succulent! The Village Buffet was outstanding and I would say one of the best in Vegas. The Ile St-Louis was also excellent. The bartenders at the casino bar were very very friendly! The staff at Napoleons bar had an attitude and I would not recommend this place. The only bad experience during this stay. I would have loved to have tried the craps, roulettes &amp; BJ tables but I was to shy. The thing with all casino's is that they really don't try to teach or explain so I just keep away! A secret afternoon fun bar place is Carnaval in front of Harrah's/Imperial Palace(about 15 minutes walk from the Paris). The Pool at the Paris is very well laid out! Check in service was excellent, very friendly! I was upgraded to a Premium room with a wonderful view. The concierge &amp; bellman service were excellent! This was one of my best vacation stays ever!	
Apr 16 2009 	Awesome Location with the most detail	It was a beauty of a hotel and casino - literally transporting us to Paris with the cobblestone(like) streets and faux storefronts and painted ceilings, replicated eiffel tower etc... . It was centrally located on the strip so easy to go in either direction. Helpful staff and good wait service in the casino. Gambling not so great - not too much of a run for your money on the slots and tables were all a $10 minimum (a bit much for our taste were hoping for a $5). The hotel itself was very nice, they gouged us at check in claiming that there were no smoking rooms available even though that was requsted at the time of booking and verified 3 days before hand so they graciously offered us an upgraded smoking room on the 27th floor with a good view that we would be pleased with (had requested a view of the Bellagio fountains) for a mere $40 more a night. We only paid $60 to begin with so being eager to start our vacation we agreed. The room was beautiful, one of the newly remodeled Red Rooms - yes it was on the 27th floor which offered a georgeous view of the back of Bally's outdated hotel. Was not pleased with the view but whatever you don't spend much time in the room anyway. The bathroom was beautiful it was all very clean and well kept. Easy video check out and ability to check your bill on the tv screen - good thing because they had charged us several mini bar charges that we had not even used. Come to find out that the mini bar is hooked up to sensors and if you move anything out it charges you - well we had a few things we needed to have kept cold so moved things around and set them other places hence the charges, they were taken off when we called the front desk to dispute. Overall a good experience - learned a few lessons in the process but a very nice hotel.	
Apr 16 2009 	Wonderful location good clean rooms.	Went with 3 other woman, to celebrate our birthdays. Have been to Paris before, and found it to be just as nice as before. Wonderful location, good clean rooms. Service was good at check-in. They let me in the room before the 4pm check in time, probably because it was a Thursday and they had a room available. They did provide lots of towels etc in the room as us four woman shared a room. The casino is not as big as some, so that may disappoint a few, but I loved the location and all the amenitites. The buffet was awesome on Easter! Would go back in a heart beat. Also, don't miss the dueling piano's at the bar in Paris....too cool!	
Apr 14 2009 	So Pretty!	We arrived at the hotel around 3:30pm on a Friday and there was a line up for check-in but it went quite fast. I got the non-smoking 2 queen bed room as I had requested. The room was clean but I didn't think it had enough lights. It's ok in the daytime if you have your curtains open but if you don't, it seems like even if you turn on every single light, it's still not bright enough. We went to the pool for a few hours and it was quite nice. The water was cold but the pool area was clean and they had lots of chairs for people to use. The drinks from the bar in the pool area were really good...but I thought they were kind of expensive!It was my first time in Vegas so I loved the location - very central so it wasn't a long walk in either direction. I also got a super deal so I thought the value was great...I paid less than what I would have if I went to a 3 star hotel!	
Apr 14 2009 	Not impressed	Stayed at Paris for the first time over the Easter weekend. While we were able to get into our room prior to the 4:00 pm check in time, we were not impressed with the room itself. (The $20 tip did not get us an upgrade. Wish the staff was consistant in that regard. Lucky lady who took our money and gave us a mediocre room.)Hotel is definitely worn down. Shows age. Over priced. Detailing falling off the armoire, carpet dirty, and the furniture in room needed cleaning. No place in bathroom to hang towels so we had to get new towels everyday. So much for their little card in the bathroom about trying to go green and using the towels more than once. While we did have a great pool and Eiffel tower view, was hard to see out the filthy windows in the afternoon when the sun shone on them. Location was a plus as was the nice casino. Will not stay here again.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Location / Dated Rooms	I have stayed at most of the hotels in vegas over the years, as I have visited this town over 100 times. This was my third stay at Paris Hotel &amp; Casino and my least favorite. .  I don't think the rooms have changed since they opened as they are now showing signs of wear, dated decor and old tv's with a poor cable package. The bathrooms are still very nice but the hallways to the rooms on my floor smelled of old carpet with years of trapped chemical odors. { I have asthma so I am very sensitive to overuse of carpet cleaners, chemicals &amp; smoke.} I had one morning that the hot water for the shower was barely luke warm. If you do not plan a lot of time in your room then these are ok but not luxurious.Check in was a breeze here {about 5 minutes} but I always plan my arrival in Vegas a little early, [usually between 12 &amp; 1. I have found from 2-4pm most of the Las Vegas Hotels have pretty long check in lines.The location of this hotel for 1st time visitors is very good, as it is near the center of the strip across from the Bellagio and connected next door to Bally's. I used the Las Vegas Monorail at the back entrance to Bally's to get down to a convention at the MGM each day and this worked out pretty well. It was a pretty good walk from the Monorail to myroom at Paris but it certainly a good option for getting to the other ends of the strip. The pool area at the hotel is ok, but for those wanting a pool scene this would not be on my short list of great vegas pool areas. Try Caesars, Mandalay Bay or even the Flamingo Hotel &amp; Casino if pool time is your top concern. And always make sure to call ahead to see if the pool area is open.  I do like the Casino here more then many in town as the high ceilings make for a little less smoky atmosphere.I have eaten at many of the Paris restaurants.The bar atop the Eiffel tower has some terrific views for a cocktail. Mon Ami Restaurant is it quite good and the atmosphere terrific. I have also eaten at Les Artistes Steakhouse and found the food to be just ok but the room itself quite stunning. In the walkway from Paris to Bally's you can find the less expensive food {bakery, crepes, buffet, etc} along with a spirited bar that had dueling pianists on one night of my stay. I did notice during my stay the buffet line looked ridiculously long each morning when I walked by. All in all Paris is in a good location but the rooms are getting a little tired. If you are going to stay here make sure you get a really good rate. If you need 5 star luxury in your room and would like a smoke free environment check out Palms Place {the high end resort attatched to the Palms Casino. I stayed there about2 weeks after staying at Paris Hotel and could not believe what a different trip I had for not much more money. It was the best hotel stay I have ever had in Vegas. {Note Palms Place is not on the strip but a very short 2 minute cab ride away.}	
Apr 13 2009 	Paris!! Well Done!	Hey everyone! First of all I am a 44 yr. old Vegas traveller with over 25 visits in the past 10 years. I really enjoy this town. This was our first experience at Paris. Here is our review! We booked to go Easter weekend and decided to stay at Paris because it was the only Harrahs property we had not yet tried out. We got two nights comped and paid $57 for Fri. and Sat. night, so the price was right for four nights. We arrived late (about 11:30pm) on Thurs. night of the long weekend. The check in line had about 8 people in it and we waited for about 10 minutes. The young man who helped us was very polite. He told us unfortunately all standard King rooms where gone so we were going to get a free upgrade, but would have to settle for two queens the first night. He offered us a much bigger upgrade to a King suite (1000 sq. ft.) for an extra $85 per night so we said that is just too much for us this time. So, he put us into the queen upgrade. Strangely, I decided that since he treated us so politley I would tip him $20 as a thanks ( I know, you should do this before he assigns the room). He quickly put it in his pocket and as we started to walk away he motioned us back. He said he really appreciated the tip and was going to put us in the nice King suite for free!!!!!!! It was a really nice room. Great space, furnishings, the bedroom had a wet bar in it with an empty fridge for us to use, business desk and armoire with a TV. Even in the suite the TV was only a tube one, but that didn't bother us! We had a granite coffee table with some nice chairs around it and a couch to sit on. It was nice when we had our other two couple friends to entertain. There was a corridor which came to a &quot;T&quot;, one way led past another desk (where we kept our laptop) into a walk-in closet with the in-room safe. The other way led to the beautiful, huge bathroom!! Lots of marble, wonderful big shower and a separate jacuzzi tub, two vanities, mirrors, etc. No T.V. though!! Then of that room was a door leading to the toilet and the second porcelin toilet which was the one to wash your butt on!!..LOL Who would ever use this?? Very funny. The view was nothing special, 11th floor overlooking the roof with a side view of Planet Holleywood. I WILL ALWAYS USE THE $20 TRICK FROM NOW ON!!! What a great room upgrade for four nights for $5 extra per night!!! The casino was fine! We didin't gamble too much here but we could have. Our friends were both at the Rio so we spent some time over on that part of town. We had a ball playing at the Gold Coast. I did play some Keno machines at Paris and did ok, making about $200 profit. We didn't notice too much smoke. It's actually a pretty nice casino. We only ate at Mon Ami Gabi at Paris and it is as advertised...outstanding!!! You can eat there for reasonable prices as well if you want. The couple we went with only paid $60 for their meal, tip included. I had just won a $200 Keno jackpot outside the restaraunt waiting for the others to arrive so I splurged on filet mignon and it cost us $100. The service was great, I made our reservations online a month before we left and noted to them then that I had celiac disease so I would need gluten free food. When we arrived at the restaraunt they had a special menu for me with all gluten free selections on it...nice service!! We had to wait 15 minutes past our reservation time for an outdoor table cause we wanted to see the view of the Bellagio fountains!! It was great!! The pool area is fine, nothing special bet nice. The view of the Eiffel Tower right in front of you is cool. The two hot tubs where kind of secluded from the pool and big...very nice. Maid service was perfect, we needed a couple of foam pillows delivered as I am allergic to feather and we needed a new remote for the TV as ours did not work. They brought both up to the room 10 min. after a quick phone call from me.  All in all it was a great location, room and hotel. Oh ya, we NEVER waited more that 20 or 30 sec. for an elevator either. Same with Valet parking, never waited more than 5 min. for our vehicle. We would stay there again for sure, but we like to try new places so we will see. Loved Paris!!	
Apr 13 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic	We stayed at the Paris April 5 - April 12, and everthing we encountered was better than expected. Our room faced the Bellagio fountains (22nd floor) The whole staff was friendly, all the buffets were incredible. Le Cafe had a special (filet mignon with crab meat and roasted potatoes)for 12.95 and was great! Our room was kept immaculate. We asked for and received a King bed, non smoking and was great. We will stay there again!	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Overall Minor Flaws	After a delayed flight, we arrived at the Paris Hotel Casino at about 2am. We had called to let them know that we were arriving late - thankfully at our arrival, our room was still booked for us and check-in was quick and easy.We stayed in a Red Luxury Room. Furnishings were nice, furniture comfortable.We only had two issues with this property. First, the hotel directory binder was missing form our room. This meant we had no information on hotels service, room service, maps, available services, etc. Despite asking both the front desk and the concierge for a binder, none was ever provided - in fact, the concierge said that he would place the request with housekeeping, but he admitted that they would probably not follow through on the request. There were many occassions that the binder would have been helpful.The second issue was service at the Cafe restaurant. The food was acceptable, but service extremely slow. Both times we were one of only about five tables seated. It took an unacceptable amount of time to take our order, and unacceptable amount of time to receive our order, and an unacceptable amount of time to receive and pay the bill.	
Apr 12 2009 	Good value for money and brilliant location right in the centre of the strip	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights as part of our multi trip honeymoon in America.We have been to Las Vegas 2 times before and stayed at the Excalibur and MGM. This hotel was definately superior.We got upgraded free of charge to a suite overlooking the swimming pool and bellagio fountains. I think this was because I said it was our honeymoon!The Paris hotel has a fantastic location, right in the heart of the strip. Everything is in walking distance with a shopping mall and train stop next door.The casino is on the small side and there isnt alot of nightlife as the club is only open Fri-Sun. However, the hotel location is so central you can easily walk anywhere.The pool is also quite plain and not as extravagant as some of the others I have seen!There are too many great things to list about vegas but I would really recommend going to Margaritaville next to the Flamingo Hotel, just up the road and having some Nachos - they are unbelieveable!Buffets at the Bellagio and Planet Holleywood hotels are next door and very good.We also ate in in the steak, sushi and burger restaurants in Paris and ate at the top of the eiffel tower restaurant at sunset which was beautiful.On previous occassions we have eaten at the Wynn (ok but a bit pretentious) and at the revolving restaurant at the top of the Stratosphere (which is when we got engaged)We took a night time helicopter ride over the strip which was great fun and got really close to all the hotels. I would definately recomend doing the night time trip as the lights are amazing.NB - we went in June and the temp was 110 - 114 which was too hot for me and we couldnt do/see much. We have also visited at New Years which was a bot chilly at night and in early May which was perfect as you can see and do eveything!Overall I think the hotel was great value for money and a fabulous location.I love Las Vegas and have had the best holidays here. There really is something for everyone. However, there is so much choice I would want to try a different hotel each time!	
Apr 8 2009 	Great deal but don't expect any frills--	This was my third time in Vegas and while we got a great price on our standard room at the Paris, and I was excited to be &quot;center strip&quot;, if you will, I'm not sure I would stay here again. There were too many minor issues and there are too many other awesome hotels in Vegas! For instance, the Mirage is usually about the same price, it's not much farther up the Strip, and the rooms are FAR superior to those at the Paris.That said--I will start with check-in. We arrived sometime between 4 and 4:30 PM on a Thursday and they only had TWO people working the &quot;regular&quot; guest check-in line, which meant we waited about 20 minutes, a bit much in my opinion. When I stayed at the Mirage we had to approach the front desk numerous times during our stay, for check-in and otherwise, and we never waited more than a minute or two.Also, the Paris casino is something of a maze and very difficult to get around in! Much more so than the ones at Mandalay Bay and the Mirage.Anyway, on to the room--we stayed in a standard room and let me tell you, at the Paris, you get what you pay for. Although the room was nice and big and the bed/sheets/pillows were soft and comfortable, I had the following issues:-There was no comforter on the bed. I like to &quot;sleep cold&quot; (with the A/C on a lower temp) and if I hadn't had someone to cuddle with, it would have been AWFUL.-The carpet was very worn and there were random marks all over the walls.-Even though we didn't watch much TV, the other Vegas hotels I've experienced led me to expect a flatscreen. Not so at the Paris--if you have a standard room, expect a crappy, small, old tube television.-It was annoying to see the usual sign in the bathroom about how the hotel is trying to be &quot;green&quot;, so &quot;hang up your towels&quot; etc. &quot;if you want to re-use them&quot;. Personally, I don't mind using my towels/washcloths for a couple of days and usually hang them up to save water etc. at hotels. But at the Paris this is impossible because there is only one TINY towelbar in the entire bathroom! They really shouldn't have those signs at all, considering.-I brought a travel-sized container of facewash with me that happened to be the same size and shape as the shampoo/conditioner/lotion etc. containers that the hotel provides. They threw out my facewash on me because apparently every day they take all of the slightly used containers out of the shower and toss them! This is both silly and frustrating because I had to go without facewash because of it.Otherwise, I will say that the bathroom was awesome! Very big, with a separate shower and tub. Much nicer than the bathroom in my room at the Mirage, which was tiny.We ate at four of the &quot;restaurants&quot; at the Paris during our stay there. The Lenotre Bakery has great food but crappy coffee. My latte tasted more like water than coffee and my boyfriend's cappuccino wasn't much better. The bakery was also pretty expensive. I ate at Mon Ami Gabi for the second time and was just as impressed as the first time I ate there. Not cheap by any means, but awesome food and service! We had breakfast at Le Cafe on our second morning there and it was just okay. The hollandaise sauce on my Eggs Benedict was questionable, my boyfriend's bagel with eggs and salmon was average, our cappuccinos were the same blah ones that we had at Lenotre, and the service was ridiculously slow. Finally, we had crepes from Le Creperie and while they were tasty--don't expect anything like a REAL French crepe. They were too thick, first of all, and they felt the need to smother my Nutella Crepe with hot chocolate and whipped cream on TOP of the Nutella. A bit much.Check-out at 11 AM on a Sunday was a long process, as is to be expected. The luggage storage service at the Paris was great/easy, though!All in all, while I can't give the Paris an amazing rating, if you can tell that you're getting a good price on the rooms I say go for it.	
Apr 8 2009 	We won't be staying there again.	I was on travel for business and my family met me at the end for a long weekend. The rooms are TINY. The bathroom was dirty. The room service menu was not in the room. When I called to order room service, i received my order but it was wrong. I told the server that the item included a topping that I wasn't aware of, and he said Oh, well, it's in the menu&quot;. I told him that I didn't have a menu and ordered with the assistance of the phone staff, he again said &quot;Oh well&quot; and left. The issue was resolved quickly with a phone call, but it was off putting.The hotel is a theme hotel, so we thought it would be fun for children.....there were no children's channels available. It was not really worth the money and we will be staying elsewhere next time.The service at the restaurants was great! They were very pleasant and my daughter loved &quot;Lee Cafe&quot;. Aside from the room service attendant, the staff was really nice and accomodating.	
Apr 6 2009 	No better then a Motel 6 everything is fake.	My husband and I stayed there last weekend with a group of friends. We called a head of time to get rooms side by side. They said no problem. When we checked in, they over booked and could not accommodate our requests so we were on separate floors directly above one another. However, to their credit, they &quot;upgraded&quot; us. If our room was the upgraded room, I would hate to have seen what the &quot;economy room&quot; looked like. Our drain in the bathroom sink did not work, took 20 minutes to drain the sink. There was mold or crud growing on the shower doors. The bathroom was nice and roomy though. There was not coffee in the rooms. I suppose this is to get the customer out of the room. King bed was hard as a rock, and pillows were small feather pillows that we kept getting stuck with the quills. The walls were paper thin so could hear the neighbors TV blaring or other things. Holes in the walls of the hallway, someone puked in the hallway and it was not cleaned up. Another room had ordered room service and left their cart in the hallway when done. That is fine, however something smelled rotten and it was left in the hallway for over 24 hours so the entire hallway stank like BO. The TV in the rooms were old 19&quot; boob-tube. There were about 14 Asian channels and only 8-10 English channels. The pool is less than to be desired. It is basic and no frills. It was filthy as were our windows looking out of the room and directly below to the pool. When I spoke to the manager, all they offered was a comment card. I told them for a 5 star hotel, they were no better then a Motel 6 and he just corrected me, that they were only 4 stars. As far as I am concerned they were no better then 2 stars, and we will NEVER go back to this hotel. Completely not worth it! There is nothing here that you can’t get at another hotel and spend a lot less. The furniture is cheap and shabby, beat up and missing pieces. I could have saved our money and stayed elsewhere on the strip, but we wanted elegance and fun. This hotel held neither. Entertainment was less than to be desired. We spent most of our trip gambling elsewhere. Save your money and your time and do not even bother with this hotel.	
Mar 30 2009 	Easy to get around.... not so nice room.	For my husband and I, this was our first trip to the &quot;fabulous&quot; Las Vegas. We had an easy time getting around the hotel and the people were all super friendly, but our king bed didn't have a conforter or a bottom fitted sheet. There were just light blankets on top and a flat sheet that didn't even fit the bed on the bottom. The bed was rock hard to boot! Our view was amazing, but we only got that by upgrading when we got there, because they had us in a queen bed room. Our upgrade came with continental breakfast every morning and appitzers everynight (which was like dinner) and that &quot;special&quot; dinning room was very nice. The location of the hotel could not be better, in my opinion. I felt like it was basicially in the middle. We did half of the strip one day, and the other the next. Overall this is a good place for first timers, but we’re not staying there again.	
Mar 29 2009 	It's Only Okay not Fantastic	Hubby &amp; I spend 3 days at the Paris Lar Vegas March 23 through 26th. I was miffed to start with because we purchased the Vacation Package through AA.com back in October for what we thought was a good price then 2 months before we left AA.com send and email advertising the same package for $250 less I called AA Vacation and they would not do anything about it they the agent told me I had a great deal because it included free show tickets When we get the vacation package 2 week before the trip we discover that the tickets are to La Cage - NOT INTERESTED!!!!!!! So that was the second thing miffed me.When we got to the hotel the wait was short at the Checking counter but as was mentioned in other reviews they seemed only interested in selling Upgrades ($40.00 a night). We were told that it was crazy and over booked. By the number of people in the flight and on the street it was IMPOSSIBLE to believe that our economy is in a recession, the Strip was PACKED!!!!!!!!!!!!! Anyway we get our room 14545 on the 5th floor our view is the roof and the sides of the Planet Hollywood and the monstrosity the the MGM is building across the street which is an ocean of steel and glass that is halfwawy finished. We could see the Paris Hotair Balloon if you stood at a certain point , not impressed. I then had to call Housekeeping because the 8 pillows in the two beds were feather pillows to which I am highly allergic, the woman that answered was in a bad mood and she huffed after I told her that I needed the pillows removed from the room and replaced with foam or polyfill pillows; about 10 minutes later a lady showed up with only 4 pillows.So much for the two beds. I staff as neither friendly or attentive, if anything they gave the impression that they were over-worked and understaffed, The waiting time at the Le Cafe Restaurant was over 45 minutes the two times that we tried to eat breakfast there and about 30 minutes the night we had dinner there. We order the Chef special which was $12.99 for beef tenderloin topped with two tiny pieces of crab and Hollandaise Sauce, plus roasted new red potatoes and fresh steamed veggies. The meal was good with the excepetion of the tenderloin was was warm at best. Hubby tried to order from the menu and the waiter (Pablo) told him it would take 30 minutes to prepare his dish. SInce we had tickets for a show we could not afford to miss that so he ordered the Fried Shrimp which he really enjoyed. (This was the other Chef Special).So over all the vacation was great because of all that we did (definately go and see the Jersey Boys at the Palazzo Great Show!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) we came back withmoney so that was good. The Paris is a beautiful hotel and casino but there is a reason why it is rated number 32 on this website.	
Mar 28 2009 	See My Review of Paris (the attraction)	I just got back, and I'm still jet lagged. That's the excuse I'm using for posting my review in the wrong place, anyways. Short overview: Excellent service, including free room upgrade and extended check-out time. Nice ambiance. Awesome restaurants. Perfect location. Can be a bit pricey, but you can get excellent deals online, like I did.I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and I would even consider staying here again, even though I like to try a different hotel every time I go to Vegas. I miss it already!See my review on the Paris Las Vegas attraction page for details.	
Mar 27 2009 	We would never go back!	We spent four nights at Paris for a large conference (4,000 people). Our poor service experience started right at check in. It took an unbelievable 45 minutes as they only had 5, yes count them 5 staff at the desk. When I complained they said they had just layed off staff. Come on, really? You have 4,000 people checking in and 5 staff is the best you can do? The room and bath were spacious but the bed was uncomfortable, more like sleeping on the floor. My husband remarked it was their way of getting people to go to the casino. We waited almost 30 minutes at Le Cafe for breakfast the next day and never saw the waitress. The buffet (our second &quot;breakfast&quot;) was a mess, they didn't keep up the food so it was over cooked and cold. But our biggest complaint was the ubiquitous smoke. The Paris hotel is not that old but our eyes watered from the smokey casino at the door. Everything had to be dry cleaned when we got home. Other newer hotels have figured out better air ventilation, Why can't Paris? We did manage to escape to the pool every afternoon around 4:00. The pool area is large, the pool was not heated and there was no cover. We cherished our shady spot under the &quot;Eiffel Tower&quot;. Shortly after we arrived each day the pool staff began relentlessly and noisily stacking the chairs. When we complained they said they were getting ready to close. Really? The pool hours were until 6:00. Was that necessary, policy, or just plain rude? I will say that Mon Ami Gabi was an excellent restaurant but pricey. Stay away from the all you can eat sushi deal Wed-Sunday at the other signature restaurant, it was awful sushi.The lowest moment was when we went to print our boarding pass and found out that they charged $5.00. I travel for a living and stay in some wonderful hotels. I have never been charged that much for a boarding pass.There has to be a better way to enjoy Las Vegas	
Mar 25 2009 	Fantastic first time stay at Paris!!	Every year I head out to Vegas for the first weekend of March Madness. I love trying out different hotels each time. Last year was Caesar's, this year I tried Paris. I must say that I was MORE than impressed by the Paris. It exceeded my expectation in every category. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. I will definitely be staying there again.	
Mar 25 2009 	Nice Hotel	I really enjoyed my stay at Paris. The room is nice and clean. Beds are very comfortable. The location is great... it is on central strip. You can walk easily to Bellagio, Ceasar Palace (Forum Shop), Planet Hollywood and Bally's. They have good restaurants; I like their buffet, they have a wide variety of selections. The downside is it is located in bad traffic area.	
Mar 23 2009 	pleasure to stay at this hotel	We had a most most enjoyable stay at the Paris in march. It had the possibility of being a trip to quickly forget. This all began when we went to check in and were informed that there was not a reservation for us. We had reserved with expedia.ca.I give the staff credit for handling this very professionally. He tried various sources to locate our reservation. It was not found. He went to see a manager and then came back telling us that we could check into a room and that it would be resolved with expedia in the morning.The next morning, the manager left a voice message saying that all was taken care of. We much appreciated this.This was the first time that we had stayed at the Paris. We found the room to be very nice – clean and spacious. The hotel amenities (including the buffet) were all top notch.We will definitely stay with you again.It is with great pleasure that we will and have recommended the Paris to my friends.	
Mar 23 2009 	Have Loved Paris for 4 years! : )	We have only stayed at the Paris and the Luxor. Paris is the only place we will stay. Have received offers that include free rooms at Ceasar's this year, but we're happy at Paris and rooms at Ceasar's don't seem that much better, and require more play to maintain same level of offers.Our first trip to Vegas we stayed at the Luxor. We just stopped into the Paris as we were walking the strip. We registered at the Players Club desk and played VERY briefly.We started getting offers within a couple of weeks and they were much better than the offers we got from the Luxor properties. We signed up for a Bally's slot tournament and stayed at Paris for free. Got an upgrade to a Concierge room for $60 night, but had problems with the tub so room was comped.We won $100 in the slot tournament, what fun. : )Luxury and Premium rooms are not huge but we like them alot. We always get a room with a view of the Eiffel Tower and Bellagio fountains. That also comes with a mini bar upgrade.We usually have enough comps to cover a room upgrade, (if we are charged for it up front), mini bar, a meal and some items from the gift shop.We bring a bank roll of $300 per day for two of us, so we are not high rollers.Last time we won $1,000 twice on the same slot machine. This paid for our whole bank roll for the whole trip! We have broken even once, and come home with a couple hundred of our original bank roll twice, and then last time came home with $2,000. So we are VERY happy with the gambling at Paris.Service when we had a problem was slow, but we really like the waitresses in the casino and everyone else has been every nice. We like to have our first meal at Mon Ami Gabi and the staff is always great. Housekeeping is SUPER friendly and helpful.Only criticism is that there are no cofffeemakers in-room (but this is common for all strip hotels) and the breakfast selections are not great. We usually like a big breakfast and then don't eat again until dinner. I think there is a breakfast buffet now, so I am looking forward to trying that during our trip in May.May trip includes room, slot tournament, brunch and awards buffet comped. : )Where else can you go with an expectation of having things paid for at the end of your trip and possibly having part or all or MORE of your original expenses paid? Gotta love Vegas.	
Mar 23 2009 	Could have done much better!	Check in was okay. The room was okay. I would not necessarily stay here again. It is far to expensive. I could never bring my family here. We paid $40 for breakfast for two. We had a COD food line at our training and a banana was $3.50 as was a cup of coffee. The room amenities were well, there were none, unless you consider $4 for a candy bar and $10 for gummy bears an amenitiy. Thanks anyway but next time I will go back to Ceasers Palace, now that was awesome. By the way it is $15 a day to have internet access. You have to be kidding!	
Mar 22 2009 	e.g. Liked the central location	OUTSTANDING! We stayed at Paris last October and enjoyed every minute of it. The check-in was fast and very courteous. When we opened the door to our room we were thrilled with the French Provincial decor. The location of all Harrah's properties in this area of the strip is exceptional. The pool is nice, the food is great and we were able to win some play money on the slots. We are returning to Las Vegas in April and Paris is the hotel of our choice.	
Mar 21 2009 	Get room but RUDE employees	I went to Paris with my mother. When we arrived at the hotel it took over 45 min. to get checked in because the line was so long. When we got to the desk the lady was very rude and snappy. We asked how are view was and she responded, &quot; It's 65 dollars extra for a better view&quot;. We asked her if they were able to print out our boarding passes when we were ready to leave. Her response was , &quot; it cost money&quot;.In our package we received show tickets ( 2 for the price of one). The next day I went with my mother to the front desk to get our tickets. When we showed the lady our information and she had no idea what we were talking about. She said she couldn't do anything. After speaking to the manager he made no effort to help us. Before we went to the front desk to get out tickets, the manager was talking to a woman who was very unhappy because her credit card got charged for something. I've read on here before to never leave your credit card with them. She continued to talk to him for over half an hour. The room was beautiful until I saw poop on the toliet seat!!!! I would never stay at this crappy hotel. I've had wonderful stays at MGM( free printing of boarding pass and very hospitable) and the Bellagio. This hotel is not hospitable and doesn't care about their customers.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	We recently completed a 5 day, 4 night stay at the Paris. This is our upteenth stay in Vegas and decided to try Paris this (looking to compare it to the Monte Carlo). From check-in to departure our stay was better than expected (with one exception). Here is the long version.Check-In: Quick, pleasant and efficient. We waited in line approximately 5 minutes (a 1:30 pm check in on a Monday afternoon). We were given a room on the 22nd floor.Elevators: Located a very short walk from check in. During our stay, we never waited more than 45 seconds for an elevator (and the hotel was heavily booked with convention people). 3 sets of elevators divided by floors.Room: We booked a room with 2 queens. Tastefully decorated with excellent temperature controls. A small television (given today's standards) with a limited number of stations. (who cares, it's Vegas!) The bathroom was a good size with the tub and shower being separate affairs (shower enclosure, very nice). Ice machine was located in one of the other &quot;wings&quot;. Here is my only complaint. Our room (2239) was located directly across the hall from where the housekeeping staff loaded up their carts each morning. Starting at 8:30 am (not all that early, unless it's Vegas) we were serenaded by pounding carts and the United Nations of languages. I would presume that these rooms are located on each floor, so when checking in request to stay away from the &quot;39's&quot;. Restaurants: We only ate at one of the Paris locations . The Burger Brassiere has excellent burgers. Check Out: We used the express check out, so certainly didn't have any complaints about that.Overall Impression: We would certainly stay at this hotel again. Slightly &quot;nicer&quot; than the Monte Carlo (especially with the City Center Construction still going on, finished in 9 months according to the news today). A great location in the middle of the Strip. I would recommend this hotel to almost any traveler.	
Mar 20 2009 	Sign me up again!!!	Top Ten Reasons to stay at the Paris Hotel1. Hotel Staff is kind and courtious2. Rooms - comfy bed and great view3. Village Buffet - excellent food - don't miss the crepes!!4. Pool Side - Lots of space and clean5. Shops - good variety6. Le Renezous Concierge Lounge Packaged - well worth the upgrade7. Location is excellent - A comfortable (sometimes lengthy walk) to the nightlife8. Dueling pianos very entertaining (although drinks are pricey)9. Interior makes you feel like you are actually in Paris!10. Mon ami gabi ......MMMMMMMM!(10.2) did I mention that you shouldn't miss the crepes!!!DONT MISS WALKING DOWN THE BOULEVARD!! Singing restaurants and Le Burger Basserie should not be missed.A few things to be improved....1. No real night life bar for dancing during the week (Risque only open on weekends)2. No $5.00 tables, but it means the cliental is respectful (no frat boys... no offense!!)3. A long line up at check in, but that is to be expected when a hotel is sold out. Staff very quick at storing bags and then bringing them to our room when we got our room!	
Mar 19 2009	Rooms and Location are nice; Staff and policies not so customer friendly	I have stayed at over 25 hotels in Las Vegas and so I like the review to place the hotel in relation to other well-knowns. I would place the Paris about equal with Mirage, TI and NYNY. It's a notch or two above MGM, Luxor, Planet Hollywood &amp; Monte Carlo. It rates lower than Mandalay Bay, Rio &amp; Cesars.On the plus side: The location is great and there are a large variety of restaurants on the property. It is also very clean.On the down side: Like most big vegas hotels. You are a number and they do little to dispell the notion. On my reservation I asked for a smoke free king room (not too exotic right...) I was told when I checked in AT 6 PM! that this type of room was not ready yet. What's up with that? They can't get rooms cleaned by 6PM?? At 8 AM the following morning, I was greeted with &quot;....Housekeeping... Housekeeping!... They also have a 10 am checkout time. So I guess at the Paris, don't count on a hotel room for much more than 12 hours. Talked with the mgr about this, They just really don't care. This must have been the hotel that Bob Seger stayed in when he penned that seminal classic from the '70's &quot; I feel like a Number&quot;	
Mar 19 2009 	Conference Stay February 2009	Overall pleasant experience, but nothing spectacular. Had a king room...514. Furnishings nice for average hotels...but average at best for Las Vegas Strip. Housekeeping did great job cleaning the room all week..but did not restock my fridge once during a 5 day stay. Just as well, as they saved me from buying $4 mini cans of soda nightly. LOL Conference facilities were more than adequate...and not as long a walk from the rooms as at some Strip hotels. Dueling Pianos bar was great entertainment, located right at the corner of the wlakway if you are going to self=parking garage or to conference facilities. Not enough outlets in the room. In order to plug in my phone at laptop at the desk, I was forced to unplug a lamp. Same thing by the bed....NOT ONE extra outlet by the bed.	
Mar 17 2009 	not impressed	My initial impression of the hotel wasn't helped by a slow check-in with an arrogant desk clerk who didn't try to be helpful and just seemed to have a take it or leave it attitude.Our room was nice and the hotel is in an excellent location and we got a rate of $75 a night so the value was good. That being said I would stay here if we could get that rate again but I would not stay here and pay their typical rate. We ate at Mon Ami Gabi and had good food but not very good service and my wife was still hungry when we left.We also ate at Les Artistes Steakhouse and had good food and good service but it is pricey for what you get.Le Village Buffet is good for breakfast.	
Mar 17 2009 	Hotel exceeded my expectations whether in Vegas or not!	My wife and I loved the way the hotel and Casino areas were decorated as streetscapes of Paris and other regions of France. The meals were fantastic and compared to other locations on the strip, reasonable. Leave dietary concerns at home though and simply endulge and enjoy. Far more comfortable feel to hotel than what we envisioned by viewing the website. Service for the most part was excellent and being interconnected with Bally's was a bonus as the two Casino's have quite a different feel to them. Right in the heart of the strip and convenient to most other big named locations. Walked both directions on different days to see each and every Casino. That only reconfirmed that we picked the right hotel to stay at to begin with for our tastes. Two things that were sub-par was beverage service while playing at the tables and our room (no upgrade chosen) that faced south-west towards parking garage and airport). Did not care that room did not have a great view but McCarron Airport is quite the busy place and with planes arriving late and taking off early, facing this direction is a major nuisance unless you live close to an airport and have learned to live with this noise. Facing north or east (strip) would have been much preferred and offerred a more restful, longer sleep. This problem would exist though for all hotels in the south end of the strip with many even worse off than Paris! Vegas can be an in your face, overwhelming place, but the Paris L.V. Hotel was an oasis in the middle of what can at times be a very chaotic place. By the way... absolutely loved how the tower was integrated into the design and building of the Casino area!	
