	Great place great people and i stayed for a year	This was a great place to stay.A unfortunate situation happen to me in Jan of 2008 and i was forced to find a place to stay with my 5 year old,I never planned on staying for a year but i made that decision because this was truely a awsome place i never felt affraid to be a woman by myself with a 5 year old everyone went out of there way to help me if i ever had a issue with my room they were there with in 15 min. Bee,Tracy and Kim were the best!!!! Im a VERY picky person and expect only the best when im paying!!! I made great friends there both workers and guest that i still speak to till this day.Please listen to me i think i should know this place very well since i stayed for a year the only reason i left is my condo was finally done!!!	
Oct 29 2009 	Cheap and Stinky	I stayed at this hotel with a couple of friends because of its proximity to the Sam Boyd Stadium. We had general admission tickets for a rock concert, so we felt that this was an ideal place.The reason why I would not recommend this place is because the beds were rock hard, the kitchen was understocked, and the room we stayed in stunk so bad that I had to go out and buy a big bottle of Frebreeze. I used the whole bottle.There are other little things like $7 Ethernet cables (no wireless) and bug eaten draperies, but I think I covered the main ones. So if you have no sense of smell, don't drink coffee (no coffee maker in room), and like sleeping on rocks, then this place is for you. I would only visit this place again if I was really desperate and needed to tighten the purse strings. If you are wanting a cheap alternative to staying on the Main Strip, there are plenty other places that would be better than this one. In the future, I will be sure to budget for something nicer.	
Oct 26 2009 	Very pleasant surprise on the high quality of the place	We had tickets to see U2 in town. I did not ask for it, but they placed us in the farthest building which was the closest to the stadium. (Although I did mention I was going to the concert when I called few days earlier to check on my reservation.) The stadium is a five minute walk from the hotel. The hotel has plenty of parking near the rooms.The room was huge and clean with two TVs. The bed was firm and comfy. If you stay here make sure to bring food and stuff because the kitchen is great for preparing your own meals; fridge, micro and dishwasher, even pots and pans are all there. Do bring some dish liquid and dish cloths though if you intend to use them.If you don’t mind the stairs, ask to be placed on the top third floor so you won’t hear guest above you. We didn’t have any next door neighbors so it was pretty quiet.Check out time was noon so we had plenty of time to sleep in after the late night show and the room stayed dark thanks to the thick curtains. We would definitely stay here in the future if going to the stadium.	
Oct 20 2009 	Inexpensive but nothing speical	My two young sons and my wife and I stayed here during beautiful fall weather (80s and sunny each day) and went to a football game at Sam Boyd Stadium (which was walking distance from the room).This place looks like a huge apartment complex with 14 three-floor buildings. The landscaping is pleasant and the structures are all stucco. Many of the guests are actually long-term residents and several have pets in their rooms and keep piles of stuff at their doors. Two little dog poop bags were by the stairs we climbed all three days we were there.Our room was large and the tiled areas and surfaces were clean but the carpet was quite stained. We had a two-bedroom on the top floor so we couldn't hear any noise above us but we could hear everything our next door neighbors had to say. The center room was a kitchen area with a small couch (not a sofa bed). Inexplicably, only three chairs were at the small table (and no chairs in the rooms) so all four us could never sit and eat all together. Near the table is an ethernet plug, where you plug your computer to get the Internet (make sure you bring your won ethernet cable). There is no wireless service. Occasionally, I had to quit my browser and email when the service went out but it was reasonably reliable.There were a few utensils and the very cheapest plastic plates and bowls (four of each). The unit also featured a dishwasher but no dishwashing soap, dish cloths or automatic detergent. So we just used hot water and hoped for the best. There was plenty of cabinet space but no toaster or any other small appliances like a blender.The beds were firm but also kind of noisy. The pillows were also lumpy. The sheets had a prominent bleach smell, which was oddly comforting. The towels were thin and rough. The air conditioning worked well. We never had the attendants clean the room while we there to save resources.The kids and I swam in the pool and used the hot tub, which also were strongly chlorinated. Pool is only four feet deep.Check-in was slow as the three attendants were all trying to solve a computer problem and hardly noticed me waiting. Check-out service at the front desk was also slow and they couldn't print my receipt. I sense they are not highly trained or paid.All that said, it was a decent deal at less than $60 a night though they added $2 a day for long distance though we never picked up a phone.	
Oct 3 2009 	Better than I expected!	After spending many hours trying to figure out where I was going to stay on my trip to Las Vegas I decided to Stay at Siena Suites. After driving for 24 hr and following the map I printed off of google maps I rolled into Siena Suites with no problems at all. The hotel is located right on Boulder HWY with a huge well lit sign which makes it almost impossible to miss even for a tired blurred vision traveler like myself.It took about 10 minutes to check in and the lady at the counter was very knowledgeable, so check in was a breeze. I then lugged my bags up the steps to my 2 bedroom suite. I can honestly say the suite I stayed in was as good or better than the pictures I viewed on the internet before I booked my stay. The buildings were well maintained and the grounds were clean. The swimming pool and hot tub were both clean and pretty nice in my opinion!My over all opinion of this hotel is pretty good and I would definitely stay here again, but I don't think Siena Suites is for everybody and I will tell you why.1. The walls are paper thin! I tried getting a suite on the 3rd floor so I wouldn't hear people walking above me, but I ended up having to settle for a 2nd floor suite. The people above me were not very loud but I could still hear them walking. I could also hear when people were running water and walking by the suite I was in. The noise didn't both me a whole lot because I knew the walls were thin, but if your a light sleeper this could make for an uncomfortable stay. My advice would be to get a 3rd level suite if at all possible so you don't hear people walking above you. If you can't get a 3rd level suite I would suggest asking at the front desk to be put in a suite they feel will be quiet, because this place has the potential to be very loud if there are families with children or young people who tend to stay up late and make noise.2. I'm pretty tolerant and understand things happen, but thought I would add this also, because it was part of my experience at Siena Suites. Maintenance in my opinion is a little bit slow, but they did get the job done! When I got to my room the remote for the tv didn't work. Not a big deal, but it took about 16 hrs before maintenance came to reprogram the remote. Then I had toilet problems, but lucky for us we had a two bedroom suite so we did have one working toilet. The issue with the toilet was the float was sticking and the tank would over flow. This could happen to any toilet and I don't hold it against Siena Suites, but once again it took 16 hours to get maintenance to come fix it. From what I was told they don't have 24 hr maintenance. Maintenance shows up about 8:00 am. They came to fix the toilet late in the afternoon. It's pretty laid back around Siena Suites so if you want things done right now, you might get irritated with how long it takes for maintenance to show up.3. The internet. I was rather impressed with the speed of the internet. I was able to watch videos on my computer and check email just as I would at home, but the internet was down for at least 12 hours while I was there, but it did get fixed and everything was fine.4. Laundry is not coin operated. You have to buy a card and you can only purchase in $5 or larger amounts, but laundry is about $3.00 a load to wash and dry, so that isn't to bad!!!5. No elevators and outdoor entrances to all rooms pretty much like a Motel, so if you don't like or can't do steps this could be an issue for you.6. If you plan to walk to the casino's don't even think about it!!! I think the closest casino I could find would be the Cannery on Boulder Hwy and that has to be about 3 miles away. If you have a car this is a great place to stay, but if you have to take taxi's it could get pretty expensive. I had a car and i like to drive, so it worked out just fine for me.Like I said, overall I was pretty impressed. My room was very clean. It had pots, pans, silver wear and cups. The bed was not top of the line, but I thought it was plenty comfortable. I spent $47 a night for 7 night in a 2 bedroom suite that was comfortable overlooking the pool. If you are tolerant of noise like I am this is a very good deal and I would recommend it to anybody!!!	
Sep 20 2009	A Great Place To Stay	This is the best value for money extended stay hotel in Vegas.The rooms are very clean, the majority of staff are friendly &amp; very helpful.The pools &amp; hot tubs are clean but could do with some new pool side furniture!I have lived here for nearly 3 years on &amp; off and I find it secure &amp; comfortable.If you are intending to stay for 1 week or more before October 23rd 2009 please contact me at moreforless1@gmail.com	
Jun 8 2009	Inexpensive Extended Stay with Issues	The Sienna Suites look great from a distance but under the microscope, it's not so pretty. At $45 per night for a 2 bedroom with 2 bath, it's a bargain. But beware the $2 per night &quot;mandatory&quot; fee added for long distance phone service, whether you use that service or not. It is not negotiable. But hey, the Orleans in Vegas adds a similar &quot;surcharge&quot; only they call it a $5 per room, per day resort fee. We stayed at the Sienna Suites for the last 2 weeks of May and here's a further breakdown of our experience:1) Cleaniness: other reviewers praise the cleaniness of this place and I will say the grounds are well kept, if you can overlook the cigarette butts that contaminate the red gravel landscaping. We were on the second floor of building 1 and there was a small pile of trash at the top of the stairs outside our room that was not picked up for 6 days. Maids and service people constantly walked by that pile and did nothing about it. It was only removed when some of it fell to the first floor.2) Weekly maid service: inconsistent. The maid assigned to clean our room the first week brought in towels, did not remove the dirty ones, did not sweep or vacuum and did not even want to re-make the beds with new sheets. She feigned lack of understanding English. The maid who cleaned our room in week two did a decent job.3) Trash: I could find no place to empty our trash containers inbetween weekly maid service. The Sienna Suites consists of 14 buildings and yet the map of the complex did not indicate where to take your trash. 4) Cooking: there was a full size stove in our unit but no pots or pans to cook with. Fortunately we had our car camping kit with us but how lame is that. There were 3 TV's in our unit, one per room, but no pots or utensils. THIS IS WHY YOU STAY AT A PLACE LIKE THIS...TO OCCASSIONALLY COOK A MEAL.5) The internet: the good -- it's not Wifi but wired. You plug into the wall and that guarantees or should guarantee more consistent performance. And for the first 6 days, it was decent enough for most surfing and email. You cannot watch movies on hulu and youtube videos buffer constantly. There is one T1 line (1.5 MB, the speed of a DSL line) coming into the hotel that everyone shares so you do the math. Here's the bad about the internet: the friday evening before memorial day, when the place is packed, the internet goes down. And it's still down saturday morning. Then, on the following Wednesday morning, it's down again, sporadically all day. Even when it's up, I can receive email but I cannot send it. Yes, internet is more complicated than your landline phone service but give me a break, it's been around since the late '90s now and if you're going to shout free internet on your blinking billboard out front, then you better well have a reliable system. If you need to depend on your email working for business, DO NOT STAY HERE.6) Location: a 15 min or so drive to Hoover Dam, which is an amazing place. 7) Overall room noise: We were on the second floor and although it appeared there was a flight path to the airport above the Suites, we never heard anything. And until a family occupied the unit above us, we never heard any outside noise. However, like most inexpensive hotels, the Sienna Suites were constructed poorly and the family above sounded like a herd of elephants on the warpath.8) Amenities: there are 2 pools and plenty of parking. However, there are no luggage carts. Ok, there are no elevators in any of the buildings but the walk from your parked car to your room can be a long one and a cart holding your luggage would at least help get you to the stairs. 9) Laundry: Guess what, there's another &quot;surcharge&quot; for laundry... you have to load money onto a card and there's a one time set up fee for the card. In addition, you can only load $5 or $10 onto the card...no multiples of $1. So one load of laundry ends up costing you $5.	
May 11 2009 	Not too bad	The hotel property is maintained quite well, and the service from Tracy or Marcos in the office is excellent. (Hope you deal with them- they are great)I'm not sure why the hot tub often looks so dirty much of the time. I was told that the pool and hot tub are serviced 3 times a week, but that can't be true. Just look at the pics, it is filthy. There is no reason why it needs to look that bad. This hot tub gets a tremendous amount of use and should be maintained better. I've never stayed at a hotel where the hot tub looked so filthy. Yuck! (Believe me, it has looked worse than what even these pics show)	
Mar 11 2009 	Great value location and quiet	I stayed at the Siena Suites Hotel for one week and found it to be a good value at the price I paid which was just a little over $300 for 7 nights compaired to staying at most of the high price casinos. The hotel is in a good location and just minutes from the strip.The suite consisted of two rooms with a door between the bedroom and living room area. The bedroom, large enough for a king-sized bed, two bedside tables, and table lamps. The bathroom was a bit small &amp; the toilet and bath area has it's own door, but very well maintained. Cleaning service does not come by everyday, but if you are needing extra towels or toilet paper, they are around cleaning other rooms or you can go to the office to get more. Both the livingroom and bedroom has a TV each and hook up to cable. Has all the local stations plus a few sports channels, HBO, kids channels, Spanish and a few other channels. There is a separate, independently controllable a/c &amp; heater unit for each of the main rooms. The Kitchen area has a full size fridge, stove, microwave, and dishwasher. There are only enough plates and glasses for two people, so if more are staying in the room you may want to pick up some paper plates and plastic ware.	
Mar 4 2009 	Reasonable rates	My husband and I stayed at the Siena Suites on more that one occassion and I have never experienced any problems. The rooms are always clean and they are roomy. We happened to have enjoyed our stay and we recommended this hotel to our family and friends. The prices are great for what you are getting and it is very convenient to all the food locations an close to the strip. This is just like a home away from home.	
Feb 17 2009	Good Value	I stayed at the Siena Suites Hotel for one night during the weekend of February 14-15 and found it to be a good value at the price I paid, in my opinion. The hotel is a newer property, and it shows. Much thought appears to have gone into its design, layout, and landscaping.The suite consisted of two rooms -- three, including the bathroom -- separated by a lockable door. There is a full kitchen with stove, oven, microwave, full refrigerator with freezer, and a dishwasher. The appliances appeared immaculate. Dishes and coffee cups are supplied, as well as ample cookware. A coffee-maker is also supplied.The bedroom, large enough for a king-sized bed, two bedside tables, and table lamps, was clean and well-appointed. A mirror and two lighting sconces faced the bed. The bathroom was a bit small, but very well maintained and came with a hair dryer as well as the standard towels, soap, and shampoo. The bathroom is within the bedroom and the toilet and bath area has its own door. There were two large color televisions with cable, one for each of the main rooms. Each room also had a modern hotel-style telephone.The living area consisted of an entertainment center, coffee table, and small sofa. The dining area next to the kitchen included a sturdy dining table which may easily be used as a work desk. Two chairs complete the dining suite. Lighting throughout was ample. There is a separate, independently controllable HVAC unit for each of the main rooms. Parking was good and noise was reasonable, given that there are two windows and the suite opened to an exterior hallway facing the parking lot. It is my observation that all units seem to open to an unenclosed hallway or directly to the outside, motel-style. My unit was on the third floor.I hope that this hotel maintains its present level of service and value. I hope, as well, that this hotel expands beyond the Las Vegas area, as it is superior to many other hotels of this type I can think of.	
Nov 29 2008 	Bed Bugs Bite!	The Siena Suites was listed on the Obama website and offered a discount to anyone coming to Nevada for the Drive for Change. I thought that was fantastic and booked my two-night stay. What I didn't bargain for was waking the first morning to bed bugs swarming the bed. I had been a meal for several hours. I immediately called the front desk and they said they would move me to another room. Later when I spoke to another desk clerk, she said I should speak with the manager and he would most likely give me a refund. I spoke with the manager on duty and he did not give me a refund. About an hour after I returned to my room, I did receive a coupon for a complementary night stay. As if I would go back. I sent a letter to the supervising manager, and an email follow up demanding a refund, (bed bug bites do not show up for 9 - 14 days AFTER you see them crawling on you), and not only have not heard back - it's been three weeks - I have not even gotten an acknowledgment that they received my letters. I highly recommend you don't stay here.	
Nov 10 2008 	Reasonable extended-stay hotel	I stayed at the Siena Suites for 11 days. The room was very clean and comfortable, the laundry facilities were great and the parking was convenient. I didn't use the pool, but it looked very nice and well-maintained.The staff was very helpful. At one point in my stay I asked to be moved to a room closer to the main office. They were happy to honor my request.The hotel provides only enough dinnerware and dishes for 2 people, so bring extra if traveling with a family. The wireless signal was spotty and the connection was a bit slow.	
Aug 25 2008 	the best extended stay in vegas	We lived in Las Vegas for 10 months. 3 of those months where at Sienna. I must say Sienna was the best by far of the different x- stays in Vegas. If your looking for the Ritz, keep looking, but if youre looking for a nice, safe, clean place to stay in Vegas, it is very hard to beat. Not the cheapest, but you get what you pay for. 10 minutes from strip or downtown, beautiful grounds, pool, workout room, etc. If you are just starting out in vegas, and on a tight budget, or just visiting, you cant go wrong!	
May 30 2008 	Loved Siena Suites	We requested a pool side room and were told at check in that we would have one. When we got to the room we discovered it was not pool side. Called the front desk and they were more than happy to give us a pool side. Very sorry for the mix up and happy to accommodate our request. The room was clean and quiet. Pool was very quiet in the early morning and late evening. Great for relaxing and star gazing. Would recommend to others, however a rental car an asset when staying at this location. We will stay here again.Kevin &amp; Marianne Ontario Canada	
Feb 23 2008 	no problems	I cant understand all the negative reviews. We stayed for one night in a 2 bedroom/2 bathroom/living area/kitchen suite. The price was unbeatable. Its a bit out of the way but suited our needs perfectly.	
Jan 18 2008 	Enjoyed Our Stay Here Very Much!	I don't know why this hotel has so many bad reviews because this place was great. The place is being revovated (sp?) but our room was great. We had a third floor which had a great view. The staff was great. We had a trailer and they were nice enough to block off parking places for us because we were coming in late and would need them to park. I would recommend to anyone.	
Jan 8 2008 	Don't Stay Here!	We were told that this hotel was close to the Sam Boyd Stadium which we were coming to for the Pioneer Bowl. It is an easy 10 minute walk. Stay on the street, do not walk through the park at night.When we opened the door to the room, we were met by a very disgusting smell. This is not a classy place to stay. the bathroom towels had holes in them. The overall condition of the room was not acceptable. We found out that this hotel rents the rooms out by the day, week, month or year. We will closer into town next visit.	
Nov 17 2007 	Keep looking	Stayed three nights. Right on Boulder highway. Noisy and cheaply built. The Harleys rattle the front windows. Get third floor or beware the floors are paper thin. The beds are the cheapest bedding you could imagine. You have a high risk of being dissapointed. This motel is only two years old and already shows the wear. If you want cheap this is it but if you are used to something a little better look out this isn't it. I'm not usually this negative but I get cranky at 4:00 am after little sleep.	
Oct 25 2007	canceled our booking	I had made a reservation for a two bedroom suite for myself and another couple. We booked this hotel as it was within walking distance to Sam Boyd stadium, and we were attending an event there.Three days before our departure, the hotel called to say our room would not be inhabitable due to &quot;water damage&quot; and that we'd been booked into a hotel 6(!) miles away in Henderson, and only into one room with two beds! I tried to argue that one room with two beds was not the same as a two bedroom suite, but to no avail. Since everything else in the area is sold out or over $300+ a night, we're forced to bunk up together, ruining our relaxation, plus we'll have to fight traffic for the event. Avoid this property at all costs.	
Sep 20 2007 	do not stay here	This used to be a nice place to stay. They have now decided to allow pets. This would be fine except they have NO policies in place, Pitbulls, Chows, Rotweillers anything goes. There is barking all day all night there are NO designated rooms for pets, so you could go &amp; end up in a room thats had dogs or cats in. There is dog mess everywhere.There where several problems during my stay, 2 pitbulls got loose on the property &amp; animal control had to be called. There was also another incident where a guy had 2 dogs yes one being a pitbull that he locked in the room, he never took them out they barked and yelped constantly. After 2 weeks of complaining &amp; NO sleep (may I say I know of several other guests who where complaining on a daily basis) they decided to through him out. The management &amp; staff where very slow &amp; very unproffesional. I will never stay here again. It is absolutley disgusting to think you maybe sleeping in a bedroom thats also been used as a kennel!	
Jun 14 2007	No frills here!	I knew we were in trouble when I went to the front desk to check in and an unsavoring looking character also came in to ask for an overnight stay. Other guest were also coming in to pick up extra towels. (what? no delivery service?) Marcos informed me that housekeeping only comes once a day and if you missed them, oh well, they would come the next day. The room and furniture was sparse and old looking. The bed was lumpy as well as the pillows. The blanket was old and rough. We ended up buying a blanket because their blanket was gross. When housekeeping called early in the morning to say they were coming in 20 minutes, we left after 60 minutes, and when we returned they had never shown up. Then we asked for clean towels and 2 extra pillows and they said that housekeeping had left and there were no extra pillows but we could come to the office and pick up some towels. I won't even discuss the towels, but if you're planning on staying, I would purchase towels so that you won't scratch your skin when drying yourself. After my husband called them, they decided to deliver the towels and lo and behold 2 extra pillows. The water smelled so heavily of chlorine that we had to keep the bathroom door closed because it burned our eyes and nose! We wanted to leave as soon as we opened the room door but unfortunately, Orbitz had already charged our account and they would have charged us 100% to cancel. This hotel does not cater to those of us with high expectations. Our stay here was memorable...in a very bad way!	
Jun 4 2007 	Exceptional Staff 	We moved in Sienna Suites in April 2007 &amp; are still here!!! The complex is immaculatly kept the staff are sooooooo helpful especially Bea &amp; Marcos, nothing is to much trouble. Security is on the ball we feel really safe here. There is no undesirables allowed to stay here so no problems there! The apartments are fully equipt &amp; are spotlessly clean. The rates are very reasonable.	
Apr 20 2007 	New but has problems	My husband and I were in Las Vegas for a soccer tournament and like to stay off Boulder Highway because it is close to the fields. We chose Siena suites because it is new and right next to the fields. Plus:1. They really are suites with a separate bedroom. Two tvs, and a full kitchen. 2. It was clean and it didn't look like anyone had ever used the stove and pots and pans. 3. There was a pool and a hottub which was nice after playing soccer all day. 4. We got a really cheap AAA rate.Minus:1. The first day they never cleaned the bathroom sink and left dirty dishes in the kitchen and only left one towel in the bathroom. I would have washed the dishes myself but there was no dish soap.2. The decor was very stark and minimal. No pizazz or style whatever. 3. The second day when I got back to the room at 4:00 they still hadn't been in with towels or to clean. So, I go to the desk to get towels and they don't have any! At least not folded they said. So, I thought I could get some off a cleaning cart but they didn't have any either! Luckily I had brought a beach towel so used that instead. I doubt I would stay here again. We really like Sunset Station because it is also a casino, so will porbably stay there next time.	
Oct 5 2006 	unprofessional manager	We have been staying at Siena Suites since May 06. We have 2 cars which are registered at their office. My husband works but I don't so one of our cars are rarely driven. I happened to notice one day, tow trucks entering the parking lot. Well low and behold they were hooking to our car (that we hardly ever drive) and preparing to tow it away. I understand they have to keep up on abandoned cars, but I think before they go TOWING someone's car off that PAYS to stay at their hotel, they should first check their registry of paid guests. When I approached the manager (Kimberly) and told her that the car belonged to me, she was VERY rude and VERY unprofessional and stated that she would not have them unhook my car unless we was going to pay the tow bill.....I could not believe what I was hearing!!!!...By the way, the violation was that the car had been sitting in the same place for a long time, upon review of our rules and regulations, I found NOWHERE in it did it state you have to move your car around in the parking lot . Although there are numerous &quot;work&quot; trailers parked everywhere, taking up 3-4 spots at a time, it was told to us, they were ok with that because they knew who they belonged to....sounds like discrimination to me!!! In my opinion they need to replace that manager before they end up in a lawsuit.	
Jan 18 2006	Find another Place	Be aware, this place presents itself as a fully equiped extended stay hotel. It actually has only the BARE essentuals, not even as much as you would find in a Motel 6. Coffemaker but no coffee or filters, NO hairdryers, NO basic paper supplies, Towels napkins etc., NO dishsoap, dishtowel, sponge etc. You must bring everything with you and then haul it up to the 3rd floor, (no elevators). The front desk seemed polite when we first tried to check in at 4:30 and our room still wasn't ready, (not the room type I had reserved but the only one available) but when they were asked for some very basic supplies we were treated very rudely. Additionally the immediate neighborhood Siena Suites are located in is very unsavory and not anywhere you would want to let kids out of the room. The walls are paper thin and we were treated to a 3 hour drunken rampage by a screaming long-term tenant out first night there. There are lot of decent inexpensive places to stay in Vegas, find one of those.	
Jan 10 2006 	No room service!	Horrible! First off its not Minutes from the strip... more like 25 minutes from the strip. Very deceiving! When we got there the front clerk was very nice. Props to that guy. Rooms were ok... not bad for the price. But room service was horrible. We tried getting extra towels in the room. They rudely told us to come up to the office to get it. Never have I had such horrible room service. Would never ever stay there again.	
Nov 28 2005	Overbooked!	How did the family vacation we had been looking forward to turn into such a fiasco? Overbooking by Siena Suites.I'm looking at my confirmation receipt that states, &quot;Your reservation is guaranteed for late arrival with a MasterCard.&quot; Yet, when we went to check in on Friday before noon (we hoped we could check in early and drop off our suitcases prior to attending an event), we were informed that they had overbooked for the weekend. Our two-bedroom suite with a king-sized bed in one room and two double beds in the other had apparently been given to someone else.The desk clerk apologized for Siena's mistake and offered us two, one-bedroom suites at the same price as our other room. The problem is that we have four kids, ages 3 to 13. We chose this hotel/motel because it allowed my wife and I to share the king-sized bed in one room and the kids to double-up in the double beds in the other room. Not only did the one-bedroom suites only have a king-sized bed (tough to fit four kids in one bed), but they were on different floors. When I asked about having a rollaway bed or two, I was informed that they didn't have rollaways--not that one wasn't available, but that they didn't offer them at the establishment. Well, looking at the information that I printed off the Siena Suites' website last week, I see that it specifically states that &quot;Rollaway beds available--Charge is (dollars) 10.00.&quot; When my wife asked why it was on their website when they didn't have any, one of the workers in the office said that they didn't have cribs, either, although they were also offered on the website.The desk clerk offered us a refund if we didn't want to stay in the suites, but what were our alternatives? It was Thanksgiving weekend and we were in town for a baseball tournament. We had originally booked rooms at a different hotel, but cancelled them when we found out about the two-room suites at Siena Suites. Continuing to attempt to be helpful, the desk clerk offered to have their security person keep an eye on the room that the kids would be sleeping in. Are you kidding me? They can't take care of a confirmed reservation and they think I am going to trust them to watch my kids? Instead of all being in one room or having my wife and I in one room and the kids in the other, my wife stayed in one room with two of the kids and I stayed in the other with our other two kids. Instead of sleeping in a king-sized bed with my wife on the first floor, I slept on the couch in a room on the second floor. And about that security--it would have been nice to have had them around when someone was pounding on multiple doors at 4:00 a.m. and loudly looking for &quot;Buddy.&quot;Unfortunately, things that sound too good to be true often are; this is the case with the Siena Suites. I wonder what would have happened if we had waited until Friday afternoon to check in? I doubt there would have been anything available and we would have been scrambling for a place to stay.By the way, my positive impression of the desk clerk disappeared when I went to check out. Another desk clerk assisted me while the first desk clerk assisted another patron with a request. When the other patron left, the first desk clerk began to complain to the other desk clerk about how picky the patron was; this was while the desk clerk was still assisting me. How tacky. Anyone who has every worked in a service-related business knows that this is inexcusable.	
Nov 13 2005	Don't Stay Here Either	When we stayed here for the Superkart Nationals, the rooms were nice, but on the Sunday when we came back from the race the rooms were not even cleaned. My husband had to go down to the office to get towels, the front desk did not even offer to clean their room. My advice don't book a room here.	
Nov 13 2005	Service better but...	I have been here two months and will stay until the end of the year. rooms are good and clean, pool is good and staff is pretty good depending on who you talk to. First night floor above me squeeked and they moved me to the top floor. The TV was snowy and they prommised to fix it. after a week and three complaints they moved me to another room and it is perfect. My only complaint is the TV service NO FOX NEWS, MSNBC, or CNBC, Only CNN and CNN headline news. They will not even talk about getting other channels. They raised prices 60.00 a month to give you free long distance service, which I have free on my cell phone. But, compaired to the other extended stays in Vegas, they are the best for the money. Some close by are really bad and the same money. Closer to the strip there are better ones, but much higher prices.	
Oct 24 2005	Loved Siena	Reading one of the previous reviews scared me. But, when I got there...the room was better than I expected. We got a 2 bedroom, 1 king, 2 double beds abd a couch. We had a very enjoyable stay. Pool was great. Hotel is only a few years old, so you cant go wrong with that. Will def. stay there again next time.	
Jun 27 2005	Wonderful stay!!! family hotel	Siena Suties is a wonderufl hotel, the rooms were very well kept as well as the property. It is wonderful that they take pride in their hotel! I had a little problem when i checked in, however the staff and management were VERY helpful in solving the situation. They were all very nice and profesional people, i was very impressed with the management. I would recomend Siena Suites to any that is going to Las Vegas NV.	
Jun 21 2005	Don't stay here	We went to Siena Suites because it was a new facility and imagined we would have a great stay there. We have a large family and had alot of luggage and items with us. They do not have elevators and can not provide luggage dollies to help make the transition easier. They also told us they did not have any downstairs rooms available, which we found out later, after walking the grounds that there were several downstairs rooms available. The manager was very rude and not empathic at all that this would inconvenience us. Also, in the room diagrams they provide on the internet it shows TV's in the living room and both bedrooms. That is very misleading. There is only a TV in the living rooms. When we got home I wrote them to inform them of our stay and that they should change the room diagrams on the internet but they never have and never responded to my letter. We stayed there for 4 nights and for the first 2 days (and nights) there was no TV service available. Everytime we questioned them on this they kept telling us it would be available soon. Very aggrivating, especially when you have children. We did not have any telephones in our room either, so everytime we had to complain about something (which was alot!) we had to walk down to the office. My suggestion.....Don't Stay Here!!	
Jun 3 2005 	Manager Mayhem	Property is in rapid decline... They are catering to people that are not familly oriented, law abiding, bill paying, upstanding citizens! And don't bother reporting them to management, they are very lazy and therefore are mad at you for just calling (how dare you want them to do something). The managers there are very rude, show very poor sense of judgement and low IQ levels. The rooms are nice and property appearance and pools good. But because of poor management and lower clientel, I would not stay there again because I don't feel safe! Safety comes first for my familly and associates!	
Mar 16 2005	A Pleasant stay here	This was a nice place to stay at during my recent place to stay at. The rooms are nice and clean and have kitchens with a fridge and range oven. Its very cheap especially during the weekend price hikes that vegas has. Although its a 15min drive to the strip it was worth it.	
Mar 16 2005 	Nice new hotel/suite	I stayed at Siena Suite for a conference in Henderson in January 2005. The rate was about $50/night for the weekend. It might have been a special rate given that the place was new. It's meant for long-term stay but was open for short-term stay. It was a suite with small kitchen and separate bedroom. The room was clean and has recently built look. Walls were somewhat thin. Water pressure in the shower was adequate. Sofa seemed new. TV was large with cable including HBO. Front desk clerks were somewhat new and young and learning the system, but they seemed friendly. The weather was poor so no one was using the pool, which seemed OK. The small workout area had 2 treadmills, bike and free weights. No casino in the immediate area, but some about half mile up and down the Boulder Blvd. There is a bar next to the suite, but I did not go in. Overall, it was a good stay. It is not the plush 5-star suites of LV strip, but a simple basic suite.	
