Sep 9 2009 	close enough to drive but far enough away from the vegas madness	there are plenty of advantages to hotels that are off-the-strip. they are quieter and offer a refuge from the madness of the strip. this place is no exception. only 10 minutes drive from LV blvd, it is clean, cheap and well-equipped with a full kitchen. ideal place for your annual week-long Vegas binge.	
Sep 8 2009 	Crestwood Suites A Great Place clean Great Employees!!!	I got my suite for Super cheap on Labor Day weekend, suite was great had a sliding door to close one room to another, suite was very very clean. Theres lots of places to eat around the area at walking distances. The staff was very kind and the check in was very quick and as well was the check out, there was no line at all. I really recommend Crestwood Suites sooo much I actually wanted to leave a review.	
Sep 4 2009 	What a find	Excellent location, great staff, tremendous value......stay off the strip and enjoy the REAL Las Vegas......	
Feb 19 2009 	Great value for working folks...	Have stayed at this property when working in Las Vegas several times. Not a property I'd slect for a vacation - but perfectly suitable for a week's stay while on business. Yes, a little rough around the edges - but the staff more than makes up that. Very friendly and helpful. Not too far off strip - and close to many good local eateries.	
Jun 3 2008 	Great Value!	I stayed at the Crestwood Suites for 2 weeks cos I was relocating to LV and needed to find a place that was inexpensive and close to the Strip where I was starting work. When I checked in, the room was very clean. Though yes furniture was not in absolute mint condition, but seriously as long as it looked clean and didn't fall apart the minute I touched it, it is fine. Throughout my 2 week stay, they did housekeeping twice a week since its extended stay and not a regular hotel. The staff are pretty accommodating though they are a little shortstaffed at the front desk so you will probably have to wait awhile before its your turn.Location wise, there is a bus stop about 5minutes from the hotel, so for those without a car, it takes you 30mins on the bus to the Strip. There's a starbucks, grocery store, Macdonalds next to or across the street, so everything was convenient. IMO Crestwood Suites is really value for money and would recommend you to stay there if thats what your budget calls for!	
Apr 1 2008 	you get what you paid for	when we first arrived at the hotel, it looked pretty good when we got into our first room we were pleased untill we sat on the bed and the head board fell off we called front desk was lauged at and then given a different room. this is what was wrong with the room1. stains on the carpet, walls, towels, and all over the bathroom2. cigarrate burns on the blanket3. the bed was rock hard4. no toliet paper5. room was not vacuumed6. requested a full but was given a queen size in both rooms7. the ac worked for about 10 mins we were told that the room was not going to be cleaned untill we left. We called front desk for toilet paper and was told that we can pick it up there and if we want clean towels we would have to trade in the old ones for new. We will never stay there again	
Mar 3 2008 	Great Stay!	My boyfriend and I stayed when NasCar was in town so almost every Hotel was booked. I was able to find this pleasent hotel through my entertainment book. The room was plenty for the two of us. It provides a full kitchen and a sofa and queen size bed which is really nice. At check in the staff was flooded with guest all trying to check in at the same time But the staff Melinda and Aldo were wonderful and very nice. Check In was a breeze. Its not a hotel so they do not clean your room everyday but they let you know that when you check in with the welcome paper that they give you. If you need clean towels are you have to do is go to the front desk and they will swap them out for you!It was a great stay at a wonderful price!All these other people bashing this hotel is crazy! we had a wonderful stay!	
Feb 2 2008	OK / Good For the Price	COST: I neeeded an extended stay hotel (specifically kitchen facilities). At $50 a night this was the best deal of those in Vegas (hotel website stated $70 a night, thought I got a deal with a discount website for the $50 a night, only to find at check in that everyone was paying $50 a night). Note: $2 / day extra charge for phone, although wireless internet is free (but slow).STAFF: Staff was friendly and courteous (although I was a little frustrated calling the day of check in to remind of late arrival, only to arrive and be told my reservation was cancelled because my credit card was rejected; I asked them to rerun my card and was told all was OK, &quot;they probably just typed in my card number wrong&quot;). Staff did print out airlines info for free (very nice!).CLEANLINESS: Room cleanliness was &quot;OK&quot; when I arrived -- think they sprayed down all surfaces with cleaner but never wiped or rinsed, as a result everything had a greasy feel (I rinsed and all was OK). After walking around the room one day, white socks turned black. Bathroom floor had black soil spot in front of sink; I finally washed the floor and the washcloth turned black (at least I felt it was a little cleaner). Subsequent cleaninngs seemed better / more thorough (although the carpet needed a shampoo since I could tell they vacuumed, but socks still turned black). Bed sheets were clean (though wish the blanket were washed -- not my hair on it).NOISE: Liked that the hotel was not on a really heavily trafficed / noisy street; my room backed to a residential neighborhood so was quiet (other than the college girl next door that came home drunk and loud every night between 4 and 6AM (not the hotel's fault though). Also, someone left a dog in a room down the hall which barked solid for over 9 hours (I called to ask what the front desk could do at 5 hours, then threatened to call police at 9 hours; dog stopped barking... don't know whether people came back or what). EXTRAS: Excercise room - tread mill was OK (something about the setup gave shocks though); Laundry - facilities good.OVERALL: Since I felt I was getting a $20 a day discount over other extended stay hotels in the area (confirmed by people staying at others at the same time), I was willing to tolerate the less than ideal cleanliness. If the room had been cleaner, I would rate the stay 'Above Average'.	
Apr 29 2007	I was quite pleased...	Given other's reviews here I was expecting the worst. I was given a room in the east building and it was just fine. It appeared freshly renovated, and there were only a couple of stains on the carpet. The room was equipped with bare necessities. All the appliances and A/C worked just fine. The check-in staff was friendly and prompt. I'd stay here again, provided I could get the east building again.	
Jan 5 2007 	Make sure what you are paying for !	The quality of accomodation was excellent but everything else was not.To express this succinctly - to keep the rate as agreed on during the reservation , three adults were invited to stay in a room with one bed.I booked this room through a booking website (not directly with a hotel) I marked 3 adults for &quot;Queen Suite&quot;. I checked the hotel website - nothing suspicious (they do not say how many beds in a &quot;suite&quot;). Upon arrival &quot;Queen Suite&quot; appeared to be a small room with one bed and nothing else to sleep on (no sofa, cot or extra mattress). It was explained to me that the hotel does not mind three people staying there and that &quot;Queen Suite&quot; means one bed. It was also explained to me that I would be charged for two nights anyway even if I walked out. There was no manager present to yell at (6 pm) and I had to pay 36% more to get a room with two beds. I swallowed it with no means to vent my anger except for this website.	
Sep 18 2006 	Nasty	The place was pretty gross.. the bathroom floors were stained yellow in one corner in the room we stayed (I'm assuming from urine or vomit) and the carpet floor was pretty gross too. Also, the elevator was broken when we were there. It looked okay at first from the outside... but not impressed with the room. The one thing that was good was that they have free wireless internet. During checkout, nobody was at the front desk and there were like 3 or 4 people in the backroom just chatting and goofing off while 3 people were at the front waiting to check out. Finally, one of the cleaning ladies came out and had to try and check us out but she didn't know what she was doing. They also wouldn't give me a receipt because I had reserved my room online and to just use that receipt. Whatever... don't recommend this place even though it is cheap.	
Apr 10 2006 	Worst Hotel Ever	out of 14 years of business travel, I must tell you that this was the single worst hotel I have ever stayed in for business travel. The price I paid was more than most full service hotels I have used. The following problems occurred during my stay at your hotel:1.The room was dirty upon arrival including an extremely sticky floor.2.I reported the floor and was told that it was not the job of the desk and it would have to wait until the next day. 3.The next evening I had to call again because the floor and room were never cleaned!4.The room was not cleaned during my stay for 2 nights. 5. No clean towels.6. They did not give me the wake-up call I requested. 7. No batteries in the remote for the TV.Basically I worked for them to take care of the room......I will never stay there again!!!!!!!	
Feb 12 2006 	Priced good for long stays... and not really that bad but NO frills	Well, let's see, I've stayed here several times while in Vegas on business. Granted it's definately a no frills hotel, more like a furnished apartment. Therefore, no soaps, fancy shampoos, professional front desk personnel or any of the other ' hoity toity' things that go with a high end place to stay... but hey, when in Vegas who really stays in the hotel all day. :) I found it frustrating when doing the simple task of laundry that in the second building there were no laundry supplies so I ventured to the main building only to discover broken vending machines, but thanks to a friendly worker she gave me laundry soap...Also when requesting something from the front desk, as I did to get some extra pillows and was told they didn't have any, just try again later as I did and the other employee got me a few... remember the furnished apartment remark above. It's a good place to stay as they have a full sized fridge with dishware and a microwave so if there for sometime it can save some money when you buy things at the supermarket and can have a late nite low cost snack. In conclusion for the $298 for the week including all taxes from a sunday to saturday am stay it ain't all bad. The other 'pool' location from that site would be when you leave this site turn left onto S Eastern Ave, Turn Right onto the street just when you pass the Airport. Follow till you come to Las Vegas Blvd and turn Left, then the next intersection up it will be on you left.	
Nov 27 2004	always find it very nice. Clean friendly need more luggage racks.	Stay here all the time. Several times a year.Nice and fairly clean, but needs more luggage racks.	
Apr 20 2004	Huge Disappointment at Hearthside	My wife and I booked online to stay at this self-proclaimed &quot;all luxury suites&quot; hotel, which was also represented on the website as having a pool, and a continental breakfast. At $69.95 + tax (on a weekend) it seemed a decent enough deal.When we pulled up out front, the building seemed clean enough. But there was no pool. The staff said the pool was actually at the other Hearthside by Villager across town, and that it was a mixup. Same went for the continental breakfast. Generally the front desk staff were uncaring, unfriendly and very lacking in customer service.Our second floor room was close to the laundry and a decent ice machine. Would have been nice if they had an ice bucket in which to put the ice. We had to use our own little &quot;6 packer&quot; ice chest as an ice bucket. The room had a 2 burner stove, a full size refrigerator and a newer microwave. But as kitchenettes go, this one was very spartan. There were a few utensils, a couple of plates and plastic cups, a hot pad and a kitchen towel. There were no wine glasses. I had to borrow a corkscrew from the front desk and they seemed put out I even asked for it. There was no toaster, nor salt and pepper. And no dishrag or dish soap to wash the dishes. And, we only got coffee on the first night. You could get more coffee if you wanted to ante up an extra dollar.The TV channel selection was fair to poor. There were 20 or so channels, and they did have HBO. I was unable to get any local sports. A mixed bag, here.On the positive side, we had two fairly peaceful nights at the Hearthside. There were no disturbances or problems with unruly guests, that we saw. Overall our room was clean, but it was clear the management took the cheapest route possible when furnishing the rooms. I suppose you could do worse than we did at an even higher room price. But there were so many things lacking, we won't be returning to Hearthside and would recommend this only as a last resort.	
Nov 14 2003	STOP!! do NOT go to this place.	2,500 miles from home. 85 year old father. Prepaid reservations for two rooms next to each other, two beds in one room one in the room for Dad. Simple? They treated us very badly. Reservations,even prepaid ones were not REALLY reservations. They had a couple of rooms not what we asked for, or next to each other. Take it or leave it. Holiday Weekend. We take it. This is not a hotel it is a apartment building that rents by the week. There were creepy people everywhere and two fights broke out in a room on our hallway and I had to call the police(Who never came) The ice machine was in the building next door on the 2nd floor, the pool was at there other hotel in town. (Which we never found) None of the usual supplies were provided, paper cups, ice bucket, shampoo etc. I spent 3 hours on the phone trying to make other reservations but no luck. When we were in the lobby trying to get an ironing board They turned away a family with little kids who also had a reservation. BEWARE OF THIS PLACE.	
Sep 14 2009 	Pratique tranquille et économique !		
