May 14 2008 	Stay Clear. Especially with kids. Better off sleeping outside on a park bench.	this was one of the worst, scariest and least comfortable hotel experiences in my life. Absolutely terrible uncaring management.	
Mar 19 2008 	Not bad for the price	We were travelling back from L.A., and needed a place to stay for the night, before we flew home the next morning. Due to it being Spring Break, there were no other affordable choices. We were dreading checking in, and were excepting the worse. Allthough the place looked run down, the room appeared clean, the bed was comfortable (choose not to use the shower). It is close to the airport, didn't use the shuttle. If all you need is a place to sleep then this fits the bill!	
Jan 11 2008 	Harshmy ladyfriends first night in Vegas..	Thought we got a deal with a good rate..but sometimes you don't get what you pay for. Room had a musty odor,carpets were stained..ceilings also.We were awakened by the kids hanging around the pool area at 3 A.M to the sound of profuse vomiting.Fortunatley we were only staying one night..We stayed at Treasure Island for the next 6 nights..what a night and day difference. T.I. was wonderful!	
Nov 25 2007 	Much better experience than other reviewers	I'm very surprised by the unanimity of bad experiences registered at Knights Inn Las Vegas.I spent one night here in April, 2007, and one more 3 weeks later.Reservation through Internet was OK and about both stays, the overall experience (cleanliness of the room and the bed included) of the room was good, shower excepted because only a hole in the ground of the bathroom and so it was impossible to keep out water spilled all around the bathroom when taking a shower. Almost equal to Motel 6 Tropicana. A little too noisy from room to room. Just under $ 45.00 (taxes included) for one night.The free airport shuttle was OK (used one time only when arriving) and the breakfast was correct.Was I particularly lucky ? (Useful in Las Vegas, ;-) )PG	
Oct 16 2007 	Dirty Dingy and Dangerous	Dingy and dirty--don't stay here. The pictures posted on various websites are inaccurate. They are actually of a hotel called St. Tropez, not Knights Inn. Knights Inn shares a transportation van with St. Tropez.I called a hotels service that advertises that they know hotels to book a room for one night in Las Vegas. I asked for a room that was near the airport, but wasn't a creepy or dirty. The agent assured me the place was nice (I believe she was looking at the pictures of St. Tropez), and I paid $90. I have stayed in bad, dirty and &quot;cheap&quot; hotels before, but never one so dirty and gross, and I've never paid $90 to stay in a dive.The only positive thing I can say is it is close to the airport and they provide free transportation to and from the airport and into the city. I called to cancel the reservation after I found I could stay at Hooters for $99. However, the service put me on hold and then disconnected me. I could not reconnect despite many attempts. When I spoke with them later they said they had the wrong number for the hotel.The hotel said I could not cancel directly through them, since I had paid for the room through a 3rd party agent.I would not stay in this hotel, nor will I ever use the service that clearly does not know hotels.	
Oct 7 2007 	What a shambles !	We had just arrived from a 12hr flight from NZ. to L.A. Then wait 6hrs for our connection to Las Vegas. We arrived late evening, tired and just wanting to settle in and rest. It took over an hour to get from the airport to the hotel, as the shuttle driver could not find the Knights Inn(apparently we were given the wrong address!) Now this Hotel is only 6mins from the airport! So we go to check-in to be given no help with our bags and it was a fair way to to our room, only to find it was double booked! Now we have to carry and drag ourselves back to the registration office and they seem very discourteous and annoyed that they have to look for another room. Hospitality is very important when it comes to serving tourist who are either from overseas or inter-state visitors. Its only common to ask for help from the hotel about what services they have to offer, so why do they advertise when in fact it doesn't happen . We were terribly disappointed with how unhelpful they were in general about asking for simple questions about Las Vegas. eg Wheres the nearest shopping Mall? Do buses come pass the hotel? Wheres the nearest Post Office? etc. etc. We even heard complaints from other guests and saw one lady who checked-in one day and left the same day because she felt unsafe. With much regret I would not recommend this place to stay.	
Sep 18 2007 	Terrible	We stayed at the Knights Inn in Las Vegas for 2 nights. The room was very, very dirty. The popcorn ceiling was full of dust and stains. We didn't even had a trash in the room neither towels and we had to ask for. Then the second day we had to go back to the lobby beause the keys (card) were not working anymore and they had to give us new onces. Anyway, the room was pretty cheap but I would rather pay more than going back there. That's for sure.	
Aug 27 2007 	Worst Hotel!	Honestly, I've never stayed in a worse hotel. Customer service is obviously NOT in their vocabulary! Ok, problem one: in one of the rooms we were staying in had only one working light. We called the front desk to get it fixed and after a really long time the maintenance man finally came. The man's name was Poncho, he was honestly the BEST part of the hotel stay. He was awesome and got our problems fixed and every time we saw him around he made sure to tell us all a happy hello. OK back to the problems....BIG problem two: They conveniently neglected to inform us of their billing process which resulted in a credit card being put on lock and everyone in our party getting locked out of our rooms. When we called and confronted the manager about this she yelled and screamed at us and offered no help AT ALL, she even hung up on us. As soon as we were back to the hotel I went to the front desk to find out what could be done about the problem and they refused to offer us help, sympathy, or even acknowledgement that the problem had occurred because of the neglectful unprofessional girl who checked us in. As we were taking care of everything the people at the front desk gave us a LOT of attitude and even laughed at us. With much frustration we finally got the problems solved and back into our rooms. Problem three: One of the rooms we booked was for our newly wed friends. Each day at least twice the maid entered their rooms without any knock or other notice at all, she just walked in ready to clean! While we trying to figure out the billing problems we mentioned this and they hardly even acknowledged that either. Problem three: One of our friends had made an acquaintance with the lovely bartender on our last night. She was awesome and kept the bar open all night for us. We left the next day and the day after we left she called the phone number we had put on the account when booking the rooms looking for our other friend... how did she get this number you might ask? The front desk gave it to her!!! Can we say invasion of privacy?! I sure as hell can and I sure as hell will never stay at this piece of crap hotel again! Tell everyone you know! Lets get this place shut down! Everyone in the lobby that i talked to who was also a guest had the same opinion of the place. Not one person i talked to was even hardly satisfied.	
Jul 16 2007 	Horrible Horrible Horrible	The Knights Inn in las vegas nevada on Paradise: I have never ever stayed at such a dirty hotel with the most unprofessional mangement I have ever experinced! I was over charged not to mention woke up after the first night with 32 bug bites down my arm and 2 on my legs! If you are looking for an expensive hotel this is NOT the one to use!	
May 24 2007 	Heard gunshots upstairs!! do not stay here	please do not stay here, they just want your $$$ and they could not care less about your health and safety. I was going to stay for 3 days but left after the first night due to the gunfire on th 2nd level over my room. This is a good hourly hotel if you are onto that stuff. but for anything else, it should be torn down and rebuilt.	
May 11 2007 	Not safe	My husband and I took a quick weekend trip to Vegas with some friends. We knew the hotel wouldn't be the greatest since it was last minute. Upon arriving, the keys did not work in the door. Checked the number my husband was given and it did match. My husband went and got new keys. He then left with his buddy and I stayed in the room with our friend and her two daughters. We awoke to the door opening and it was not our husbands. It was somebody who had been given the key. He did not get a chance to try to explain because my friend had slammed the door and bolted it. We got a call from the front desk saying we were in the wrong room and I told them we were in the room assigned (I had already double checked). Turns out the room was put into the computer wrong. Still a scary experience. Our husbands came back and every time they tried to speak to a manager, was told one not available. They both said the front desk clerks were not very polite and never apologized for the mistake.The next day we took the shuttle to the strip. The shuttle driver was friendly but it did take him two trips to the airport before we were able to make it to th strip. He explained that airport passengers took priority.The room was clean but it did not make up for the experience. I prefer not having strangers trying to come into the room we had been told was the correct one. We will never stay here and can not recommend it-especially if you value safety.	
Apr 8 2007 	Horrible Service	My husband &amp; I took a spontaneous trip to Vegas in April 2007 - we knew the strip would be expensive, so we looked for hotels with free shuttle service to and from the airport and strip - and this is how we ran across the Knights Inn (formerly the Howard Johnson). The shuttle service from the airport was Excellent!! The driver was very friendly and knowledgeable - a pleasant experience. When we arrived at the hotel the check in process when fast (since we were the only ones there). When making our way to our room - it was very creepy!! the rooms were all outside in a courtyard setting with very little lighting (at which we were told later - the neighboring property shut down the day prior and shut off all the lighting that lit the hotel's parking area). Needless to say, I was very apprehensive about safety. The following day we waited until 10AM to take the first shuttle to the strip. We showed up very punctual and waited until 10:10 before asking the front desk when the bus will be there. We were told 'very shortly'. 15 minutes later - no bus. We asked again at 10:30 and we were told the same 'very shortly' - being patient we waited once again. At 10:40 the bus showed - but the driver refused to take us to the strip, stating that airport transportation was priority. Why do they have a schedule for the Strip if they do not follow it!!?? When alerting the desk that the bus will not take us, they told us that the manager will take us in her van 'very shortly' - so we waited once again. Needless to say, we waited for another 30 minutes before the manager was 'ready'. The front desk staff was very unfriendly, rude, and inconsiderate. They had no conception on time, stating numerous times 'very shortly' when it took 60-75 minutes. We will never be back!! Even though we only paid $40 for a night (and thank god we only stayed one night), we would rather spend double, triple, quandruple the price to stay on the strip!!	
Apr 1 2007	Update on the airport Hojo 	I also went there with an open mindl THE HOJO AIRPORT (now the KNIGHTS INN). I had a chance to meet the owner and he's a great guy. Now you should know that the name has changed to KNIGHTS INN but has the same old phone number. The new owner just completed the revovation is wi-fi'd for your internet. the place had a cool simi NIGHT CLUB. 60&quot; tv, pool, slots and poker machines, oldies on the dial. 2 pools and one doesn't allow kids. My room was like new. th eowner told me that they just spent a lot of money to redo the &quot;rest&quot; of the roomsincluding the bar, restrauant and front desk..I had more fun in this bar than any of the big casions...good lucki left EVEN STEVE and that's good in Las Vegas	
Nov 4 2006 	Be Wary	I read the reviews and went with an open mind. The price was very reasonable, it was not dirty and I did not notice noise from the airport. However, every day I told them we could get only one TV station and every day they said they would fix it. The faucet fell off in my hand. Contrary to the web site, there is no full service restaurant, just a snack bar where the same short order cook takes the money. Do not under any circumstances use the taxi phone in the lobby. I called five times and waited one hour and they never came. We had good luck with Desert Cab. It is tacky, but we kept reminding ourselves that the price was right and it was close to the Thomas &amp; Mack venue where we had our convention.	
Oct 7 2006 	Really Crappy Hotel	This hotel was very bad. Our check-in took a lot longer that it needed to be. In fact, I got into town at around midnight, and I was in my room by 2:00 AM. The front desk lady was not helpful at all, claiming that the computer was broken and/or I was not in the database. The lady did not offer me any apologies or discounts for this inconvenience. The management of this hotel is very unprofessional. This hotel is very rundown. The rooms are old, decorated in the cheesy 1970s Las Vegas style, and mold/mildew is everywhere. The bathrooms have threadbare towels and grime in between the tiles. No breakfast is offered. There is no airport shuttle. Next time I go to Las Vegas, I'll probably spend some more and stay somewhere else.	
Sep 16 2006	Good location 	This location is close to the airport and they must share rooms with the adjacent property, Knights Inn. We checked in at around 1:00 a.m. and the check-in was fast since we were the only guests in line. We sort of liked the location but the parking lot was a big-time crowded and room that we got was located at the Knights Inn, go-figure. The rate of &lt; $70 per night is great for Vegas although the room was dirty and the surrounding hotel area seemed scary but it might just have been my imagination. Fortunately, we only stayed here for one-night, got a great value and we slept well since the room on the 2nd floor was very quite, even in the morning.	
Sep 1 2006 	I'm Lovin it	Howard Johnson is the best hotel that I have ever stayed in Las Vegas. The staff is very friendly and the best par there is the O Club,the name of their bar. If you get a chance please go to the bar even if you are not staying at the hotel. They have two happy hours in one day and it is open 24 hours. Perfect location to and from the airport. A free courtesy shuttle to and from the airport that is extremely conenient. They are even very appreciative for the two dollar tip that I gave the driver, unlike many other Las Vegas hotels. See you again Howard Johnson Inn Airport Las Vegas.	
Sep 1 2006 	Horrible Scary Creepy	I had booked this online, can't remember if it was travelocity or connected to mapquest... I thought it was a standard chain, airport-business quality. I checked in, the lobby was creepy. I am a single woman, and there were men slinking about, I could feel them watching me, then looking away. The place is in the middle of a dumpy parking lot, the room was filthy and disgusting, warped bed, you could find better furniture at a dump. I was afraid of getting bugs or parasites from just going in, the carpet was so filthy. The main reason I left shortly after checking in (opting to lose my money), was that I felt so unsafe, I felt it would be too risky or dangerous to stay. Men were walking across the (disgusting patch of) grass, for no other reason I felt, than to eye me. I was exhausted from driving all night, had an important appointment in 30 minutes, and still decided to leave. I am a brave person with fortitude, but this place was too scary and I felt it would be dangerous to stay. This is personal-safety wise, the digusting dirty broken down room was enough to make my skin crawl. The desk attendant was rude and disgusting, with that kinda fake business like demeanor that you know is a thin cover for being totally gross. I did not stay there because I feared harm would come to me or I would disappear. Hope this helps. Howard Johnson... do yourself a favor and dump this property, it needs to be bulldozed. Unless, of course you want to keep it for the crack addicts or criminals. I will never even look at a Howard Johnson again.	
Aug 18 2006 	Served its purpose	Returning to Vegas after driving from LA , arrived at 11am and was told by very rude staff, who left us waiting while they were on what appeared to be a personal phone call that the room would not be ready until 3pm, left our luggage, returned hire car and decided to go on the strip. Returned back to the hotel 10pm and again the staff (different) were very unwelcoming, we were given the key to the left luggage to help ourselves (very secure!) a man did come out of the back office 'after' we had taken our cases and said that we shouldn't be in there on our own. Our room was in the Knights Motel as far away as you could get from the reception and on the first floor, we had three heavy cases and we had to carry them in the heat ourselves, I did ask the receptionist if there was anything nearer to which she just said NO! The room was extremely hot although there was air con which took about 20 minutes to kick in, the bedding was clean but one of the lights did not work, and the toilet was dirty Again the reception staff in the morning were totally unhelpful and gave the impression they were doing you a big favour just being there. I thought the Howard Johnson chain had a good name and booked for that reason but I wish I had read the reviews before we booked.	
Jul 22 2006 	A real Shocker	I guess I didn't do enough research about this property and I thought it would be OK. It was much too far away from the strip and the courtest shuttle was completely unreliable especially at night. The front desk people were the rudest in the hotel industry. Late one night the bath tap would not turn off and was running full force, the front desk person said there was no maintenance person on site so we should just close the bathroom door so that we wouldn't hear the water running!! The tap ran all night on full! You couldn't pay me to stay there again.	
Apr 16 2006	Fine for one night to crash if early airport departure	Booked for one night to be close to airport for 5.00am check-in. We stayed on a Friday night - USD49.99, cheapest we could get in Vegas for that day and it was close to the airport!We arrived at 9.30pm and were allocated a room at the adjoining sister property 'Knights Inn'.The room itself was tiny, with thin walls as mentioned by other reviewers. However, on the plus side the sheets were clean, as was the bathroom (everything in working order with towels).Because we were at the Knights Inn there were no tea/coffee facilities. However, there was a working telephone, small tv and a fridge and microwave. Wake-up call booked via the automatic service on the phone worked well, with a follow-up call (also automatic) made 5 minutes later.Stay there again? Only as a last resort, but if you have to, for one night, it's fine.Shuttle to airport worked fine.	
Apr 11 2006	OK place to crash for one night	Yes, I read the reviews and booked it anyway. We were flying in late one night to be off again in the early AM, and this was close to the airport and cheap. Would I stay here again? Doubtful. The place was a bit weird. It's at least 2 motels and several buildings in a confusing complex. All the lights operated off one switch that was on the back wall, 6 feet off the floor. Was it clean? Never saw it in good light. Was it noisy? No. Did I feel safe? Yes, with my husband there. If you were just catching some sleep before going somewhere else, I give it just barely an OK. This is not the place to spend your Las Vegas vacation.	
Apr 3 2006	The dirtiest motel/hotel I have ever stayed in	This motel is the dirtiest that we have ever stayed at. Room service was abysmal and the manager that I spoke to couldn't care less about the guests. We stayed two nights (too long). The first night we had insufficient facecloths and towels (we didn't discover this until the morning). The room was not serviced until almost 10pm despite my complaining to the manager at 4pm and 6pm. At 6pm he stated that he did not know whether the bed would be made for that night. The carpet was very dirty and stained. The so-called restaurant closed around 3pm, the menu was very limited, and the food was served on thin disposable plates and the cutlery was of the the cheap plastic kind.	
Mar 23 2006	"Kightmare Inn"/(knight's Inn/part of Howard Johnson's)	I wrote this letter to &quot;travelworm&quot; who I booked through.I am writing this letter to complain of a hotel I stayed at last week in Las Vegas. I feel I deserve some type of credit for the disgusting hotel I stayed at. I had lost the paperwork for your number when I arrived at Vegas so was unable to call you.Prior to my arrival going to Vegas, I went online and read horrible reviews about the Howard Johnson's Inn by the airport in Vegas and contacted a travelworm rep(man) to try and cancel my reservation 2 nights prior to my arrival. He stated to me&quot; oh, I always get requests to stay at the Howard johnson's. I said &quot; ok, i will get it a try&quot;. Big mistake!I was taken to another hotel called the &quot;knights Inn&quot;. they told me they were now a part of HJ's. They were not sure they had room for me and a non-smoking room at that. They could see I was getting upset. Well my room had a wonderful view of a cement wall. The paper thin walls make it possible to hear people talking and moving above me and next to me for most of the day and night. The clock was unplugged, no outlet available except across the room. The shower had no hot water. The door was so warped, I could see the light coming into the room. I had to run the filthy fan all night to drown out the noise level. I was so worried about getting sick or some kind of germ, I slept in my clothes.	
Mar 19 2006	Hmmmmmmm listen to the reviews	Yes I read the reviews and everyting seemed to be over $200 per night due to Nascar weekend. I went with the hotel as a few said it was clean. Our room was smaller than my kitchen, dark, leaky bath tub, and the cable wires were ripped out of the wall. We put towels over the pillows just in case, although the sheets and such looked clean. I would NOT stay here again it is off the beaten path and the people at the front desk are rude and suck. We were told when I booked, when we arrived, and the morning we checked out that the FREE shuttle service to the strip started at 9am. Of course we were ready the shuttle sitting out front but it doesn't run during the day on weekends. LOL I about died. Took a cab to our strip hotel and were VERYT VERY happy with the Imperial Palace and it's great location.	
Mar 13 2006	Unsafe dirty and plumb scary	I am a lady in my 60's traveling alone. I thought a Howard Johnson should be okay. Not so! I was sent to a room way on the other side of the motel from the lobby. It was dirty, no towels except for a used one on the back of the bathroom door. The door was flimsy and had just the chain and regular lock. No deadbolt. I went to a show on the Strip and when I returned, the lighting was almost non-existent. I decided after getting to the room to take a shower, but all I could get was scalding hot water. No amount of adjusting would work. (I had finally received clean towels). I piled all my luggage and a chair in front of the door and tried to sleep! They charged me for the room and I had already paid Priceline. That is being straightened out now.I had planned on staying there on my return from CA, but contacted Priceline and cancelled. I was too apprehensive to ever stay there again.	
Mar 12 2006	What a Dump!	This is the worst place I have ever stayed at in my life! Took over an hour and 1/2 to check in and there were only 10 people ahead of me. The room was okay but dark. TV didn't work. Thank goodness we only had to stay here the night before our flight. We stayed at the Luxor at the beginning of our vacation and then traveled to Arizona and Utah before returning to Vegas to fly home. Next time I will stay on the strip before heading home. This hotel was not worth it. Couldn't pay me to stay here again!	
Feb 27 2006	Never again. What a dump!!!	We stayed here for 2 days until we could check into the Tropicana. Couldn't wait to leave and everyone else leaving that day had equal horror stories. Rooms were not clean, the door wouldn't close unless slammed hard because the frame was loose, it took 2 days to get a trash can delivered and had to take an ashtray from the bar. No bathmat, only 1 towel and 1 washcloth for 2 people. The &quot;coffee shop&quot; was a room with rocky tables, some vending machines, and a coffee urn that rarely worked. There was a window where one can order food and the cook was excellent. Shuttle drivers were friendly and helpful, but front desk people were rude and seemed to care less. Howard Johnson used to be a quality motel, but this one is a nightmare. Will never stay there again.	
Feb 24 2006	!! Don't stay here!!	I didn't read the reviews before I booked; big mistake. We checked into the Howard Johnson Airport Hotel at 1 am. The toilet was plugged and brimful of crap. There were no towels or washcloths in the room. There was dirt and a huge hairball on the floor. They unclogged the toilet at 8 in the morning and we fetched towels from the lobby. I asked for a refund but was told to talk to the manager. When we had a repeat of no towels the next morning we were told they were OUT! of towels. We went to the lobby and asked there and they gave us some big hand towels to bathe with. We decided to move to another hotel even though we had one more night reserved. After several unsuccessful attempts to locate and talk to the ‘manager’, we left without being able to get our third night refunded. The third-party reservation agent was very helpful, but did not refund any money. This hotel is not a bargain at ANY price!	
Feb 13 2006	one word... ick	I will begin by saying that my Mom and I are not picky when it comes to hotels. We have stayed in some pretty questionable places and not complained. We were only staying one night after my Mom picking me up at the airport late (we wanted to shop the next day before making the drive back to her home in Utah). All we ask is that a hotel room be clean, well stocked with towels and not smell like an armpit...pretty low expectations I'd think. This room failed on all counts. It was dirty (that ground-in old kind of dirty), VERY small, not one towel in the room...not even a washcloth (we did not notice this until it was late at night), one small soap and no closet, blow drier or iron, no remote for the TV. We called the front desk to have 2 extra pillows brought in that night and none came. In the morning we called for towels but no one ever answered the phone at the front desk after 3 tries. My Mom walked to the office and was told they didn't have any towels. She found a maintenance woman on the way back to the room and asked her for some towels from her cart and when she got back to the room she noticed that she had ONE towel and ONE washcloth. That's it. The sheets were clean but the bedspreads were musty and dirty. The shower was lukewarm at best after trying every setting on the water dial. The apartments at the back of the hotel property are scary and we made sure not to go out after dark. I'm sure you can do better at just about any hotel in Vegas because I'm certain you can't do much worse. This hotel was definitely a room-by-the-hour type place. The only remotely good thing I can say was that they took $10 off the room price after my Mom complained at check out, but even that was an ordeal of rudenss and &quot;I'll have to talk to the manager&quot; which took a LONG time.	
Feb 2 2006	If you value your life stay away from this hotel!	Here are just a few examples of how bad this place was.1. The shuttle was an hour late picking us up and the drive was 5-10 minutes from the airport to the hotel. The passenger side door was broken and did not shut properly.2. Once we arrived I couldn't believe my eyes. I have been in ghettos in most of the major cities in the U.S. and I felt safer in the ghettos.3. After hauling our luggage from the Check-In to our room on the other side of the property around midnight we opened our door to h.e. double hockey sticks if you know what I mean. It was so bad I didn't want to take my shoes off!4. I slept (attempted to sleep) with my clothes on and laying on top of the covers on a mattress that sunk in the middle.5. Again, I would like to stress how unsafe I felt. Our door had one lock and that wasn't enough and to top it off the seal around the door was non-existent so I'm sure bugs of all kinds enjoy checking into the roach motel.6. When I finally fell asleep I was woken up to several ladies of the night discussing their business ventures for the evening. The walls were so thin I could actually hear them light their cigarettes and cracking their beverage of choice open.7. In the morning I chose not to take a shower because I felt that I would be cleaner in my own dirt until we made it to our destination in Utah.We simply wanted a clean and safe place to stay near the airport in order to pick up our rental car first thing in the morning and drive to Utah to start our honeymoon trip. We were so relieved that we chose another hotel in Las Vegas on the strip to stay in for the last 3 days of our honeymoon. If I had to do it all over again we would have fallen asleep on chairs at the airport and waited for a few hours before picking up our rental car and risk being arrested. A jail cell would have been cleaner and safer. Do not stay in this hotel if value your life and health.	
Jan 18 2006	Please Stay Away!!!!	We just decided to take a last second trip to Vega, and called Travel Worm, my wife who graduated with a BA in Hotel Restaurant Management, asked all of the right questions. Is the hotel safe, is it kid friendly, and does it have amenities for children? Well that was far from the truth, the hotel had broken key card locks, the second room was used for one purpose (if you know what I mean), the third was better, but I would not let my family take a shower there. I called travel worm, but they were closed and we needed a place to stay. The next morning we called, and got a representative who was trying to get us a refund, and put us up in the Texas Station Hotel, and casino. Well her manager wanted to do nothing with that, so when we felt safety issues, she stated “well you are not in the hospital, so it must be safe” All I can tell you is to avoid this hotel, avoid travelworm. It was the worst experience ever, and we are trying to get a refund, but we did learn a good lesson, and I hope you don’t get caught like we did.	
Dec 27 2005	Avoid this place like plague	This is the worst hotel I ever stayed in my life and it has the worst service. Go stay anywhere else in Vegas but here. You will get much better deals in Vegas at the same price. I stayed here during this xmas weekend and I could not stay here more than a nite. Here is what I have experienced in this hell:1.No TV (it is there but no reception at all).2. No Phone (well, it is there too, but it is dead)3.Better bring your own sheets and blankets4. About a century old tub5. Keep your shoes on, the carpet is so dirty and smelly6. Do not expect any courtesy or any help from the front desk	
Dec 7 2005	Clean Motel @ decent location	Rooms were pretty good and satisfied with the service as well.	
Nov 15 2005	pleasantly surprised	We made reservations before we saw the reviews, I laughed so hard I cried. But when we got there, it was great. We must have gotten a remodeled room. Bring your own soft towels from home and you will be fine. Don't go there wanting a 5 star hotel experience. The fridge and microwave helped us save money on food. New rugs,new bathrooms, cable TV, the whole nine yards. We had a great time.	
Nov 3 2005	Lets disucss this one!	Well, the room was nice, clean and cheap. BUT we had a few problems...we were in the handicapped room, and people kept parking in our spot, so we had to keep calling the desk. There were water bugs in the bathroom. The shuttle service to and from the airport was fantastic and the driver was great. He even recommended a good place for prime rib at a cheap price! (San Remo's Hotel - $5.95) Remember to record your OWN telephone message though when u arrive at the hotel. Otherwise, your callers MIGHT not think they have called the right room, as in our case for most of the week! haha I liked staying *off the strip* though. Good location and nooooooo the planes can't be heard in the room...however....the walls are thin between rooms...haha Happy Traveling!	
Oct 28 2005	Would'nt even give it one Bubble but have to!!!	This hotel was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I am a pretty easy person to please. We stayed there six nights. We had too due to a dog show and no other hotels would take us with dogs. The rooms were durty. The first night of the six nights they cleaned it. The other five nights they didn't, even though we asked them to every night. The manager ended up calling me a lier. They don't ever answer there phones. They don't know what is going on in that place. Not just because I might have had a bad experice I give it a 0 on a 1-10. What ever you do don't stay here!!! Every one else with the dog show agreed that the hotel was horrible and had the same problems.	
Oct 15 2005	Dont Stay!!!! Please!!!	This is the worst motel I've ever stayed.Worst service ever.No towels in my room.I phoned the housekeeping a thousand times.they just asked my room no.but never came to give towels.The staff are not accomodating.the exterior and interior of this motel looks dirty.TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!! wish they would close.DONT BOOK PLEASE!!! you will regret.FILTHY!!	
Oct 4 2005	Just the Rate	Front desk service was deplorable...only one person on. Had to wait in linefor over 15 minutes. Rooms very sparse...2 small pillows on a king size bed, only 2 towels, no hairdryer.Shuttle service to and from the strip was limited. Times provided for pick up at hotel,strip or airport depatures were doubtful. Only one shuttle van ... overcrowded every time we took it. The restaraunt was limited---reminded me of a McDonald's! Would not stay there again.	
Sep 5 2005	dirty old worn-out	I read your reviews and worried. thought it could not really be that bad -but it was. The first rooms we were shown were unmade and smokey although our booking was non-smoking, we were then given non-smoking rooms but they were filthy- cobwebs and stained sheets and filthy stained carpet, the bath had lost its enamel and even the toilet flush broke.We were booked for a second night in king bed sized rooms as the children were flying home,but they could not provide these as they had lost one booking and the other was in a smoking room.The shuttle to the airport and strip were good. The pool was nice -we sat here when we could not be offsite.The area at the back of the hotel was scary-we did not feel safe.	
Sep 1 2005	Very scary...	I'm a frequent visitor to Vegas (only a 4 hour drive) and I have to say this is the WORST room I have ever been in. The first room we were given did not have a door knob. The second room was across from a pile of dirty matresses in the parking lot, and I may have been better off sleeping out there. There was mold in the bathtub and the warm water in the shower lasted about 2 minutes (this was early afternoon on a Saturday). Also some crusty stuff on the shower curtain, I can't describe as I tried not to look. The only saving grace was the young guy who drove the shuttle late at night. He gave us his cell number as the shuttle doesn't really have set times and we waited a while to get on and go to the strip. He picked us up much later than the times given.	
Aug 22 2005 	The Remodeled Rooms Are Great !!!!	when i read the other reviews a freaked out but it was the day we were leaving and too late to change plans so we decided to just go for it and prepare for the worst.... was i ever suprised we had a good time the price was as low as you can get in vegas 44.00 a night we slept in a newly remodeled room, quiet, clean microwave and fridge and air conditioner all in good shape new bed, new dresser, the pool was alot of fun, the bar was great!!! not at all smoky we even sat down in the lounge area and watched a movie and the pizza in the deli really hit the spot I would stay here again but only in one of the newer rooms in the 100 building and the staff were very nice to us we had a great time !!!! the remodel is about half done so we will go back for sure	
Aug 21 2005	Avoid the Las Vegas Airport Howard Johnson	When we arrived at our room there were no towls. After a call to the front desk it took an unacceptably long time to receive our towls. The hotel staff seemed unresponsive and uncaring about their mistake. I had booked the room through Orbitz and was charged on my credit card by Orbitz. After we left another charge from the motel showed up, in effect we were billed once by Orbitz and once by the hotel for the room. The hotel manager has yet to return my call to correct the overcharge.	
Aug 20 2005	this hojo is a no-no	what a digusting place, we needed a place to stay on saturday night, being that the room was only 53.99 we took it. i went ahead and guarenteed so we would have a place to stay when we came in that night. what a mistake... i thought for sure gil grissom and his csi crew would be showing up at anytime to investigate. i thought for sure someone or something had died there. the walls were dirty and grimey looked liked someone wiped their nose pickings on the wall. there was no waste basket, no coffee maker, no cups, maybe two towels. the bathtub was dirty, looked like soap scum build up for the last 20 years, the mold and mildew were a nice touch too. the furniture had caked on grime. i think the board of health would condem this place. please think twice before staying, i wished i would have spend the extra money for another room somewhere else	
Aug 2 2005	Worst hotel!!!Warning!!!	It was our first time at Las Vegas, so we decided to pick a cheap hotel to stay. Worst ever!!Dirty rooms, uncomfortable beds, dirty floors, dirty bathrooms.Very far from the strip, so you have to rent a car to be able go to the strip. There is no casino in the hotel. Do not even think on choosing this hotel.	
May 24 2005	The maybe shuttle	So, we could save some money by staying out near the airport at the Howard Johnsons ... it was sure to be a bit ... um ... cheapish. But we could handle that since we would only be sleeping there anyway but ... how would we deal with the coming and going when we want to go to the Strip or Downtown? OH, no problem ... the people on the phone said that they have a free shuttle out at the Howard Johnsons that takes you to the Strip or to the Airport. They said that it runs regularly throughout the day. Perfect! We booked the room and went on vacation to Vegas. It took a while and from the airport it was necessary to call them and wait but hey ... it isn't far. Actually, I have no complaints about the shuttle service to and from the airport. They only have one van but they will interrupt other plans to do an airport run for any of the guests at the two hotels that that shuttle serves (especially the crews of one of the airlines who all stay at the other hotel).And there's the rub. They tell you that the shuttle will drive you to the Tropicana Hotel on the Strip every hour on the hour and they will pick you up from the Tropicana soon after the hour (the exact time depending on traffic). Fair enough ... it's only one spot on the Strip instead of what I had assumed when I left home but still, they get you to the Strip as advertised. But wait! There is only one van and they serve two hotels and ANY call to the airport will cause them to suspend the scheduled run to the the Tropicana. So, there you are at the Tropicana waiting for your ride to the hotel so you can catch some sleep but ... the van doesn't come and it doesn't come and ... it doesn't come (hours sometimes). You use your cell phone to call and there is always and only one response from the hotel and it is probably true -- they are doing a run to the airport. In fact, it is not unreasonable to think that they are doing six or seven different runs to and from the airport before they next get a chance to go back to the Tropicana run. And when they do come ...there are 25 people waiting for that van that seats 12 so you'll have to wait till the next run but there may be airport runs between now and the return. Time to go find a taxi (don't try calling one in Vegas, they take a very long time ... go to one of the bigger hotels where the taxis come to line up to take riders. It'll cost maybe $7 to get back to your cheap hotel out by the airport. Don't you wish that you called that $7 taxi before you waited for 2 hours and THEN called?I hope your plan was not to just run back to the hotel to change clothes and go out again ... because the shuttle is doing an airport run ... or two. Have a nice weekend.	
May 19 2005	Worst motel ever.	All I needed was a cheap and clean bed near the airport to rest during an extra long flight delay....I figured Howard Johnsons would fit the bill.The exterior of the motel is in serious disrepair, however they might be renovating because there were piles of used bathtubs and sinks in the parking lot. As bad as the exterior was, the interior of the room was worse. The tub was CRACKED and moldy, the sink handle was broken, and the security lock was broken. Plus the whole room was dirty and sour smelling. There didn't seem to be a lack of housekeeping staff, either. I was disturbed several times during the night by laundry carts rattling by my room.Why did I stay? At the time I'd been awake for almost 36 hours and I couldn't think straight. The bed appeared clean with crisp (although worn and frayed) sheets, and the need for sleep was stronger than my need to use the shower or sink. Which is just as well, because there were no bath towels in the room.When I checked out, I gave the desk clerk a list of the problems with the room. His response? &quot;Good!&quot; No apology, no offer to make things right, just &quot;Good&quot;.Fortunately, I had the presence of mind to take photos, which I will be sending to the President, Mr. Ken Greene (1 Sylvan Way, Parsippany, New Jersey 07054) along with a request for a full refund.My advice is to stay away from this property.	
May 16 2005	Run Away! Run Away!	We never actually stayed at this hotel, and boy, after reading the other reviews, are we ever glad we didn't! Before we knew about the reviews available on this web site, we actually tried to book a room at this hotel and we found out, without even finishing the process, that this hotel is a loser. My wife dialed the 800 number and was told by that person that they couldn't book us and we'd have to call long distance. So, she did. After being put on hold for several minutes, when the employee got back on the phone my wife told her it was a long distance call so, you know what the employee did? She put my wife on hold again and NEVER GOT BACK ON. After 10 minutes, my wife hung up and sent a scathing email to HOJO. Which also precipitated this review by yours truly. Save yourself some grief and look elsewhere...there are plenty of other places that actually want your business.	
May 16 2005	Nasteee!!	I will echo the previous reviews warning future travelers to stay away from this one! I did read the reviews prior to staying there, but, thought it wouldn't be so bad for only one night. We should have forked over some more bucks to stay at a better place. The room was gross and dirty--the bathroom floor and shower were a nightmare and the clientele left much to be desired, to put it mildly! We are not hotel snobs and have stayed in marginal places before, but at least they were clean! Be afraid....be very afraid!!	
May 6 2005	Avoid this hotel at all costs	This is a hotel from the third world. Should have known from the number of screaming (literally) guests at the front desk not to stay, but we were already booked as a package deal. Now cheap has to be expected to be a bit underpar, but not to the point of... never any towels in the rooms and having to walk a fair distance to the front desk in order to get some when reported as missing(&quot;come and get them&quot;,) no water for flushing, showering, or anything for five-7 hours one day, surly cigarette smoking maintenance man in non-smoking room, lewd messages that couldn't be deleted from telephone which constantly rang that there were messages to be picked up, also lewd &quot;hey baby,,, etc. etc.&quot; answer message to incoming calls that could really have upset the husband - (nobody in the hotel seemed at all interested in taking care of this,) disconnected fire alarm that didn't work once the aforesaid surly maintenance man reconnected it and wasn't corrected from there on. The &quot;restaurant&quot; was more of a cafe and the workers did their best, but the smell of tobacco smoke from the bar through the open door overwhelmed the taste of any food! Yep third world, but with none of the presumed charm that might be possible, just outstandingly third, no fifth rate! Avoid this hotel at all costs	
May 5 2005	Don't ruin your trip!	I am so sorry to say that this place was extremely frustrating and disappointing to stay at. We had a group of 10 woman and five rooms for 5 nights so I feel we gave the place plenty of time to show us what they had to offer and how they respond to their clientle's needs, wishes, complaints. From the moment we checked in there was confusion and problems and it continued the whole five days. Everything from disconnected fire alarms, phones that would not work, no coffee pot and microwave as advertised, no towels, no room service til 6:00 pm, no water one whole afternoon, the floors were dirty and the tub often not cleaned up. The front desk would often not answer the phone or if they did would put us on hold and this is probably because they were having so many complaints as demonstrated repeatedly in the front lobby where irrate customers where venting there complaints. Where the management was through all this was often a mystery and the poor hired help seemed either at wits end or were just plain rude to us. Do yourself a big favor and stay somewhere else.	
May 3 2005	This place is not worth the money!	It took forever for hotel staff to check people in, I had to wait at least 20 minutes before reaching the counter (and there were only 2 customers at the counter). The room had an off odor, the bathroom was barely clean, carpeting and curtains were worn out. The room was missing the TV's remote control. I called the office, they said they would notify Maintenance. After 1 hour I walked down to the lobby to get a remote, but the clerk stated that said she would notify Maintenance for me (apparently Maint. has the remotes). An hour later I asked a hotel maid I ran into in the corridor how do I get a remote, she didn't know. I gave up on the remote but did ask the maid for a ice bucket and cups, since the room had neither. She didn't have any more ice buckets and offered me a plastic baggie instead for the ice machine. She did have plastic glass cups however. This place is a dump, period. I will read the reviews first, before booking. And nope, no one ever brought me a remote control.	
Apr 30 2005	good bargain for price	I read others reviews after I made my reservation and was a bit scared, but realized that for $30.00 I was going to get a place to sleep. I arrived early but was not allowed to check in till 3pm. The King/Smoking room I reserved never became available so I took a double. Rooms are small, but overall was clean. One towel rack was busted and lying in the bathroom. There were no towels or alarm clock and it took three requests to get them. I used the pool which was pleasant and spent some time playing the poker machines with $1 taps of beer. My wake up call came on time and I had a quiet nites sleep (Sunday). The free airport shuttle had me there in 5 minutes. The main reason I stayed here was to be close to the airport and needed a free shuttle to cut costs. Overall, for 30.00 bucks it was a bargain and I would stay again in the same situation. People need to realize that for 30.00 bucks your not going to get the things you do for 50.00, 80.00 or more. Budget Travel Magazine take note.	
Apr 20 2005	Good enough for one night	We slept one night at HoJo Las Vegas Airport in April. Price is good, that's why we chose that hotel. Check-in was slow but friendly, and the room was typical motel-decoration. Tv worked well as well as the showers. Breakfast wasn't included. Location is really near the airport. However, there wasn't much noise so we slept quite well.	
Apr 8 2005	Pretty rough	You get what you pay for.....we paid 50 dollars for one night. We needed a cheap hotel for the last night of our trip.Reception was unbearably full of cigarette smoke, staff were friendly on check in.Door of room didn't lock properly, bit unnerving as I was without hubby that night!On check out and request for free airport shuttle, bloke on the desk was not all there I would say. But the shuttle arrived within 10 mins and the driver was very courteous.Can't say I felt particularly safe there. But I'm sure there are even worse places in that price range.	
Apr 6 2005	Plain thieves	If anyone going to Vegas is considering staying at this hotel, please don't. I am from Switzerland and was traveling all over the US. I made a reservation for this hotel through a website and was charged twice. First, by the website, then by the hotel. When I called to have the payment refunded, they wouldn't get the manager, put me on hold or transfer me to a voice mailbox. This lasted for over two weeks, until I had to tell my bank to reject payment, which took 45 days. To put it in simple words, these people are plain THIEVES. The quality of the hotel is minimal.	
Mar 29 2005	Not Worth the Price Even to Store Luggage!	A few friends and I rented a room here our last night in Vegas. We left another hotel and came here to save money (since it was a Friday night) and a place to store our luggage. We assumed we'd be out most of the night, and had an early flight. The room was small, which wasn't a concern of ours at the time. The shuttle to and from the Tropicana is worthless! We waited 45 min. for the shuttle to arrive and it never did, so we took a cab. The second time we gambled on the shuttle it was again 45 min. late. The shuttle to the airport is nice, and we didn't have to wait on that. There was no soap and no towels in the hotel. When we called the front desk to inquire we were placed on hold for 10 minutes and nobody ever answered. I am without a doubt a low maintenance traveler, but this place was horrible!	
Mar 15 2005	One star hotel. Period.		
Feb 15 2005	This place is not worth $20 dollars		
Dec 5 2004	Horrible		
Jun 29 2004	The nicest thing about this hotel is the parking lot.		
Apr 8 2004	Pick a nicer hotel for yourself		
Jan 7 2004	Way to expensive for that little room		
Oct 21 2003	Howard Johnson LV Airport --keep traveling		
Sep 22 2003	Nasty Room Atmosphere 		
Jul 14 2003	Very disappointing		
Apr 13 2003	Howard Hohnsons by the airport..WARNING		
