	We were disappointed.....	Tried to check in around noon with two rooms close to one another. Seems they had a problem finding two rooms close in a hotel with 1800 rooms. We were told to come back at 3pm and they would give us our key/card. That was fine, no hurry. Coming back to do the final check in the clerk was rude and wasn't friendly at all. We were given access/cards to rooms across the hall from each other, and were anticipating the newly upgraded rooms that they are boasting about, and were promised,but these rooms were the same ones we had stayed at years ago. The only new thing was the flat screen tv with a lousy picture.  The bathroom was so small that if one person was on the toilet, there was actually no room for another person in the room. The door would knock you off the toilet if you closed it too. Our friends took a shower and found a huge hole in their towel when they went to dry off with it......WTF? Our bathroom had sewer fumes rising from the sink...eww. Maybe they should invest in some drain cleaners?  The mattress shook so much when you layed on it, I thought my husband had put a quarter in....it was bad.  The casino was nice, and the lay out was good. Got comps to the Sunday Buffet and were so thankful that we didn't have to pay,as it was hands down the worst buffet I have ever seen...and I note seen, as after taking samples of this and that, we didn't eat much. The orange juice/champagne (mimosa) was awful with bitter juice, which we all spit out. How do they keep this place open? Years ago, there was always a line at the buffet at the Nugget, and this time it was desolate.  Also ate at their in house restaurant, the Italian one, and I can't remember its name...that should tell how impressed I was. They had a good micro-beer.  Would I stay here again? I don't think so....The location is good, if you want to jump from casino to casino...but thats all there is.	
	Great pool nice hotel in downtown vegas	Downtown vegas is much more relaxing than the strip and the golden nugget good place to stay. Free parking round the back in building, which is a short walk across to the hotel. Room fairly standard, but comfortable. Swimming pool was highlight, going through shark tank down clear slide. Like most vegas pools bit much chlorine in the pool, but still fun.McDonalds down the street has 99cent pancakes and buffet across the road at the freemont is good value.Most people you talk to like the golden nugget. We didn't gamble there, but enjoyed our one night stay.	
	Great staff	Spouse and I had a great time at the Golden Nugget. The casino crew is outstanding for friendliness and professionalism. When my key didn't work to open our room, security was quick to respond and allow me access to the room. If there was one drawback, it would be with the marriage the Golden Nugget has with RCI time share vacations. We didn't appreciate being targets for their &quot;sign up for a presentation&quot; every time we passed by their booth on the way to our room. Being familiar with RCI time share vacation rentals, we knkow they are not what they seem and do not follow through with their promises. Other than that, we will go back to the Golden Nugget in the future and recommend it to others.	
Nov 24 2009	Stay and play and get PAID!!!	My mother and I stayed at the Golden Nugget 11/18/09 - 11/21/2009. When we arrived we mistakenly went to the check-out line instead of the check-in line. The staff did not turn us away and immediately checked us in. I asked if I could have an upgrade and he complied without hesitation. We still were in the Carson (South) Tower, but had a refurbished room. The room had a flat screen tv, a view of the Stratosphere, and was immaculently clean...not a single bit of dust. Food: We ordered room service our first evening. The friendly staff had our food and all the fixings to our door in less than 15 minutes, now that's service!!! The Texas sized fries are the absolute best. We also ate at the Buffet which was superb! When you check-in you will receive a coupon book that has a buy one get one free buffet, good Mon-Fri. I highly suggest going to the Buffet.Casino: Our first night I won a little over $800, but played in back the days after. Don't go to Vegas thinking you're going to hit the big one; go to have FUN!!! I also visitied Binions, Mermaids, and Freemont Hotel &amp; Casino. They had nothing on the Golden Nugget.Would I go back??? Absolutely! The review prior to this one stated the bellman do not offer their services and that you have to ask for service. I did not experience this at all. If you want to get away from glamour of the strip and just want to have some downtown fun, Golden Nugget outshines all of the other downtown hotels.	
Nov 24 2009 	Disappointed in GN Rush Tower 	We stayed one night at the new Rush Tower at the Golden Nugget. This was our 1st stay downtown and had booked 2 nights but made plans to leave and stay somewhere else after only having been there a couple hours. The casino area reeks badly of heavy smoke, the machines and tables are practically on top of each other. The new area was not very big - there were no craps tables in the new area (the game we play). The new restaurant looked very plain - didn't eat there. We did eat at the Grotto which was excellent. The Rush Tower lobby smelled like smoke since it was connected to the old GN. I thought the rooms seemed small and dark - I felt like I was in a Hyatt Place. The mattress seemed too soft. The a/c was loud though I thought everything was supposed to be new. The shower was nice. The towels shed all over us (perhaps they had not yet been washed before). The hallways were dark and lightened by red lights - bringing to mind the Amsterdam Red Light District.We were not impressed with the pool area - small with chairs on top of each other and the sun blocked out by the tall surrounding buildings. The $250 worth of coupons seemed like a bust also. The buffet coupons are only good during the week; drink coupons are for $2 draft beer which just about most of the Fremont Street bars served as their regular price. We did not find the front deak or the dealers to be nice or friendly. The whole atmosphere seemed sleazier to me. There wasn't any security by the elevators checking for room keys and seemed like the pool area was also open to the general public as no one was checking for room keys.	
Nov 24 2009 	Fabulous place to stay	Went with my Husband for 5 nights in May. Have always wanted to stay at the Golden Nugget (after seeing it on the TV when I was a kid) and was not disappointed. From the moment we arrived to the minute we departed, we were treated politely and with respect by every member of staff we met. There isnt anything about the place I could fault. The food in The Buffet and Carson Street Cafe was great. The rooms were very comfortable. If we return to Las Vegas again, we WILL book into this hotel. Have stayed on the Strip before but this beats any hotel there hands down (plus it`s better value for money). The Freemont Experience has to be seen to be believed.	
Nov 24 2009 	Golden Nugget great spot for first time downtown	Stayed at the Nugget recently Nov 19-22. All staff I approached were friendly and polite. Checkin was not busy at all on Thursday morning. New clerks were being trained but the process was quick and painless. I was given an newly renovated king room on the 16th (non-smoking) floor. What a nice surprise being able to go up to our room at 11 a.m.! The ice machine didn't work on our floor but you just go up or down one floor to get ice. Why sweat the small stuff - you are on vacation! The elevators were always fast.I am a slot player and hubby plays blackjack. Neither one of us had a problem getting a drink when our glass was empty. We had a lunch and breakfast in the Carson St Cafe. Meals were adequate (nothing special) service was friendly. First night we had dinner at Vic &amp; Anthonys. A meal to remember. Lance took good care of us. We started with lobster bisque laced with cognac (yum) followed by salmon stuffed with crab and gouda for me and a 16 oz prime rib steak for hubby. Yes, he finished it but neither of us had room for dessert.We took in the Gordie Brown show in the Gordie Brown showroom - a very nice venue. Bought the 2nd cheapest seats and had a very good view. No one sat in front of me so I had a great view and I'm a shorty. Laughed my head off but he covered so much material that I had to buy the DVD. I would say the show is relevant to ages 40+ (some 20 year olds might not know who Wayne Newton, Tom Jones or Sammy Davis Jr. are.A nice plus was all the eye candy. That weekend there was the Firefighter Combat Challenge going on outside on Fremont St and the Fitness America Weekend in the Nugget. Oh my. Firefighters and body builders - OH MY. Women as well. Hubby and I had to take turns keeping each other from running into things. But some of those discount spray tans were ghastly shades of orange - eek.Checkout was done fast and painless through the tv. The smoke was a bit bothersome in the casino but I didn't notice it at all in the other areas and I'm from Alberta which has banned smoking in ALL public places.I would definitely stay at the Nugget again. The room was clean and the water hot. New plasma tv worked fine for my episodes of Survivor and CSI. Everything is close on Fremont St and the atmosphere a bit friendlier than on the Strip. One lady in the Fitzgerald casino asked me if I minded if she smoked before she lit up her cigarette 3 slot machines down from me. I about fell off my stool. Very considerate of her.	
Nov 22 2009 	Extremely rude staff!	The staff throughout the casino and hotel were the rudest I have ever encountered. The front desk staff was snooty rude even though we were staying in the top suite. The bellmen didn't ask me for help with my luggage even though there is no ramp and you have to cross a series of stairs to get to a level where there is an elevator. I walked right past them with my luggage and they didn't offer a hand, but when I reentered the area to tell my husband something they interrrupted our conversation telling me something unrelated to what I was trying to tell my husband. I told them if they wanted to help me they could have helped me with my luggage a minute ago. They replied &quot;well you didn't ask&quot;......&quot;whatever&quot;, I guess you have to ask the employees at Golden Nugget to do their job?? The buffet was subpar to those in Vegas. Our waitress also tried overhearing my husband and I conversation and tried joining in on our conversation when it was of none of their concern. To me that is rude and inappropriate. It was hard to find a waitress on the casino floor and after playing there I was always dehydrated to the point my mouth was bone dry. I approached a man in a suit on the floor and explained to him that I could not find a waitress he didn't offer much help so I went to the bar and had to pay $4 for a water. The slots were tight and some I would not get one credit back. I made my rounds to the casinos and found the Fremont Casino (kiddy corner to the Golden Nugget) to be one of the best paying casinos and there was always a waitress coming around for drinks. I didn't give Golden Nugget another penny after that. The room was average clean and had only minimal accomodations compared to other hotels. The hallway door was about 2 inches shorter than the floor so all hallway noise would be directed into our room. I also had to call housekeeping as they forgot to give us towels, refill water bottles in fridge etc. This was also the first hotel I had ever stayed in where they charged $5 for 15 minutes of interent service on a public pc in a hallway. My husband used the spa while there for a massage. It was overpriced and they tacked on a 20% tip automatically. The next day I checked out Bellagio spa and they don't tack on a tip and it was a lot nicer and classier than Golden Nugget. There was also no vending machines for hotel guests everyone had to use the gift shop were pop was $3 a bottle. It seems like they could be a little more considerate of their guests, but I guess their goal at the Golden Nugget is to hire the cheapest workers who are rude and won't do their job unless they are asked to and rip off their customers. Golden Nugget however was one of the more updated/modern casinos on Fremont even though the entire place including hallways on a nonsmoking floor were filled with a smell of stale smoke. This was the first time I had stayed on Fremont and I don't think I will stay downtown again. I will never step foot in the Golden Nugget ever again!	
Nov 21 2009 	Pure Gold!	Fab shark pool,if a little scary at first! Nice inside and outside of hotel.	
Nov 20 2009 	Very Nice Hotel Great Location!!	Stayed at the Nugget from the Sunday 15th-Thursday 19th November. Great stay!!Very clean hotel! Although I was with a group, I decided to get my own room at the fantastic rate of 49$ (Golden Nugget website rate) for the comfort and benefit of not sharing a bathroom. It was well worth it!! Got a huge room with a super comfy king size bed! Bathroom was incredibly clean and nice.Amazing pool with shark tank/aquarium!! Beautiful hot tub and lounge area too. they were doing some swimsuit model photoshoots there which also made for some nice scenery. Bring sunglasses.Fremont Street is right outside, and was a fantastic experience. Lots of live entertainment and things to see. Casino very nice, staff very helpful and friendly. Parking garage is very close and easy to get in and out of. Rental cars available right at the Carson Tower. Got a great deal on a car for the day from Betty!There are restauraunts in the Hotel, but for a deal, go into the casino and up the escalator or elevator for the buffet restauraunt. I had a big breakfast early every weekday morning for 9.99$ and if you time it right can get a lunch in for nearly the same price before 3:30pm. Very classy dining area! I ate at other buffets in the neighborhood, which were nowhere near as nice.Book an airport shuttle for 9$ 24hrs in advance, otherwise the cab ride is kind of steep. 28$ and its really not that far.You can find accomodations for less on the Strip, but after going there and walking the strip after dark, the Nugget and Freemont St felt much more safer. We did spend our first night at the Luxor, which has a beautiful atmosphere, but our room was horrible. You will not be dissapointed with the Golden Nugget!	
Nov 18 2009 	Great Hotel: Old skool Downtown charm with some contemporary Strip-like appointments	Stayed 10/31-11/2. 2nd time at this hotel, only hotel I ever stayed at in Downtown. Renovations ongoing. Rush Tower not open yet. Casino expanded since last time I was there in April 2008. Casino around Red Sushi restaurant has lots and lots of slot machines and a very small cluster of table games near Fremont St entrance. Check-in was a breeze with room that was requested. Didn't particularly expect walking down long hallways in South Tower to get to room (was in room 9120 - 9th floor, room 120!). It was comparable to walking to your room in a large Strip hotel. Hallways had new carpets which had that new carpet smell. Rooms were decent... clean, quiet, pretty large for a standard room. No flat screen televisions here and our remote control didn't work (but who stays in their room in Vegas anyway). It was not an issue for me. Staff polite. Ate mostly at Carson Street Cafe (24-hour) at odd times and had no problems whenever I ate there. I liked their fish and chips! Will definitely stay here again... especially when new Rush Tower opens.	
Nov 16 2009 	Very nice even in Carson or South Tower which is farthest from Casino	Booked with package by Travelociy and paid $85 per night with tax (for a Saturday night). Check-in was easy. The Carson or South Tower rooms are least expensive and the walk from the street is a little long (through the casino, past the Tank pool, up the elevator), but the room was nice and very large. Easy check-in (not a long line). Was also very clean. Only negatives - small amount of mildew around caulking in shower, the toiletries provided (shampoo, conditioner, lotion) had been used by others, and the bathroom fan was noisy. It was so nice to be downtown within walking distance of many casinos and be provided with robes in closet and a closet safe. Was a little cool for the pool, but many were still there. The tube slide through the shark tank looked great and I liked the blackjack tables outside by the pool. Cots were crammed closely together. Didn't try the restaurants - but we had a great breakfast at the Golden Gate's coffeee room (not in the back), and of course shrimp cocktails in the back of the Golden Gate (now $1.99 rather than $0.99).	
Nov 13 2009 	Best hotel in downtown Las Vegas!	We've stayed in almost every hotel in Downtown except this one. They had a 1/2 price deal so we decided to try it. The front desk was very friendly and we had arrived early so they took our luggage to hold and asked us to check back in a few hours. We arrived back at the hotel about 3 hours before check in time and they said that our room was ready. We also got a great coupon book through hotels.com, (I think you can get it with signing up with the Player's club). The room was large enough for the 2 of us and VERY clean! Large flat screen tv, beautiful view of the mountains. The timeshare people at the bottom of the elevators asked us everyday if we wanted some comps. we just said no, they didn't pressure us like some places on the Strip. We ate at Carson's Cafe which was average priced. I wouldn't recommend it, I ordered a medium rare steak for $11.99 and it was bleeding. The rest of the food was cold. My husband had the prime rib special for $8.99 and it was just OK. The shark tank is a great attraction. They have a really nice pool too and a pool bar that is open until 2 am and has poker and blackjack tables next to the pool. All the other Fremont Street Casinos were very empty, Golden Nugget was packed! If you walk outside the door, you are in the middle of the action on Fremont Street. The location was excellent, and we only paid $49 per night! At 1 am, people were polishing everything, even at the Starbucks (they have 2 of them in the hotel) they moved everything out and cleaned the entire Starbucks each night! The casino didn't pay out, so we didn't play there much. Pays out way better on the Strip.  the buffet prices are really good if you have the 2/1 coupon it came out to $5.50 each for my husband and I. The best part about the Golden Nugget was the Gordie Brown Show. This guy is going to be really big one day. He's an incredible impressionist and had everyone in tears with his comedy. He headlines at the Golden Nugget and we had 2/1 tickets so the best seats only cost $69 for both of us! It didn't matter if you got the $29.95 seats or the $69.95 seats, it's a small 600 seat theatre so every seat is great. You have to see this show! I will definitely stay at the Golden Nugget again!	
Nov 11 2009 	comfortable	great bed, comfortable room..all of the employees were very polite and attentive..excellent value for the money..being downtown is a totally different experience than being on the strip	
Nov 11 2009 	Won't go back	Recently stayed one night there. Their website offers $10 room upgrade, but when checking in, was told there were no rooms to upgrade too, but then they did find one, but would not honor the website offer of a $10 upgrade, instead charged us another $40 for the upgrade. The girl at the check in desk was kind of a smart mouth. Although the room was nice, the bathroom is really small. Too bad for the check in girl, they will not get my business again.	
Nov 8 2009 	Golden Nugget is the best on Fremont	Really, 5 Star, Can't find a better place and it's SUPER CLOSE to the other casinos on Fremont	
Nov 8 2009 	Outstanding	I just returned from Las Vegas and stayed at the Golden Nugget. All I can say is this is by far the best hotel I have stayed at for the price in Las Vegas. The rooms are great as is the service and location. They have the best lunch buffet at only $10.99, with excellent food. The local casinos such as the Fremont have $3 black jack tables and the beverage servers bring beers frequently. Downtown is the only place to stay in my opinion.	
Nov 4 2009 	Nice Hotel	Hotel was nice - I'd compare it to a Hilton. I stayed in the North Tower. Bathroom was small but nice. Everything was clean and I felt safe in the hotel as a solo female traveler (although off Tremont St, I definitely would not feel safe wondering around downtown). I had a great rate ($65/night) and for a 2-night business trip, it was fine. Hotel restaurants were fine - I did not try room service. Internet access was pricey.	
Nov 4 2009 	Golden Nugget Las Vegas	Very nice hotel, and the pool is super, the Buffet is ok the best is breckfast and lunch, diner is no that good, the room are very nice.	
Nov 3 2009 	We'd go back anytime!	Our mixed family group (4 rooms) from CA and NY had a great time at the Golden Nugget. We had 2 economy rooms (spacious/nice bathroom/older decor) and 2 gold club rooms (modern, vessel sinks, TV in bathroom mirror, VIP check in with no lines, unlimited bottles of water and snacks, fresh coffee and newspapers in the morning plus a coupon booklet). Very comfy king bed with feather pillows and duvets.We didn't win but others in the group couldn't lose at slots or black jack...so was a good trip casino wise. (Try the Elvis slots!) Great location with easy access to the Fremont St. activities and casinos. Great for young (lots of free entertainment) and older (close to other casinos, easier walks than on the strip). The Grotto restaurant was divine! Out of 6 of us, not one complaint and lots of compliments! Cannot say the same about the Cafe, would not eat there again..only 3 out of 8 enjoyed their meals (and they ate sandwiches.) Actually tried the breakfast buffet which was Ok especially with a 2 for 1 coupon. Easy free valet (call down ahead and the car will be waiting for you.) Cool pool with slide through shark tank!	
Nov 3 2009 	Starting to look its age.	Still the best downtown hotel and the new wing will open soon. Just in time for them to fix the rest of the rooms. The carpet is getting worn in the room. I never travel where you have to pay for internet access! 12.99 a day is a bit much for internet. Walls are a bit thin as well. The pillows are hard for my taste. I know it is Vegas, but when you are not winning you go to the room and watch TV. Forget about that at the Nugget. The TV reception is more like they have an old antenna on the roof.	
Nov 2 2009	Fantastic.....	We have just returned from this hotel where we hosted our 20th wedding anniversary party by renewing our vows. Our party co-ordinator Jim Kinsella organised the whole event via email correspondence and it was perfection. Every detail was attended to, the hillarious &quot;Elvis&quot; service, food, bar, decorations, D.J. were fantastic. The wedding we always wanted plus Vegas was just fab. We would have no hesitation in recommending Jim to anyone considering this sort of event.	
Nov 1 2009 	Really feels like vegas	Good old fashioned hotel with a really nice feel.Great to walk onto Fremont street .Great pool set up and a real sun trap from early morning.I would use this hotel again on a weekend.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Location!	Much better to stay Downtown than on the Strip. Walk right out of the hotel onto Freemont Street for the party! The beer and food is cheaper and so are the rates. The table limits are much better! the only problem is the very annoying people who stand at the elevaors and harrass the guests as they get off of and onto the elevator...they are trying to sell something and they work for the hotel. We avoided them like the plague!	
Oct 30 2009 	Nice Place to Stay on Freemont Street!!!	This was the first time I'd done the Freemont Street Experience...it was pretty cool! The rumors are true, slots do seem to be looser in Old Town. We did well! The service was better and more attentive in the big casinos and we loved the canopy over Freemont Street.The hotel had recently been remodeled and was very clean and quiet. The room was pretty basic, but all you really need is a bed and a bathroom when you are in Vegas anyway. I think for the money it was pretty great. And it's not huge, so you don't have to walk 400 miles every time you leave your room! In Vegas that's a perk.The food was &quot;okay&quot;. We ate at the diner and never went to one of their fancy restaurants...I'm sure the steakhouse would have been pretty great. If you want to go to the strip you can buy a ticket on The Deuce (double decker bus) and ride up to the strip. It takes awhile to get there, but the price is right ($7 for unlimited rides for 24 hours).I'd recommend Golden Nugget to the traveler on a budget. Even one who isn't. The less you spend on accommodations the more you have to spend on shows!	
Oct 29 2009 	Pleasant first experience of Vegas	Stayed with my family for 3 nights at the Golden Nugget. Really enjoyed the whole Freement St experience, atmosphere, music, etc. The distance from the strip didn't worry us as we made full use of the bus/shuttle that runs every 15 minutes (24/7) to and from the strip. The outlet shops are only a few stops down the road. We made frequent trips to the strip and never had to wait for a shuttle as there always seemed to be a bus when we needed one - you can get a 24hr pass or multiple day passes. Our room at the Golden Nugget was clean, room service was efficient and I appreciated the express check out system to avoid the queue. The pool was cute and was never crowded as I guess other people were otherwise occupied. I thought we were hard done by with the pool closing around 8pm but found out from other tourists that other hotels in the area closed their pools at 5:30pm. If in the area again, my family would stay downtown rather than the strip and would definitely stay at the Golden Nugget again.	
Oct 28 2009 	so much fun!	i had a lovely stay here, the bed was giant and comfortable, the staff were nice (the people at the front desk seemed to be a bit tired and over it by the time i checked in, but i would be too at 10pm!)my room was huge! i felt like i could run laps!the bathroom was nice.and i was excited to be able to smoke indoors again!and you step out the front door and you're on fremont street!this was handy because i was mostly in town to take photos, but it was a bit annoying how far i was from all the other casinos, but i guess this is my fault for not checking the map properly.in the morning i nursed my hangover with eggs florentine in bed, and they were the best poached eggs i had on my entire trip of the U.S!	
Oct 27 2009 	Not bad!	We stayed here for one day, because we had to check out of MGM on the strip at 11am, and our flight left at 11pm, and needed a place to put our bags, rest, and see a bit more. We hadn't gone to Old Vegas yet, so decided to go on our last day. Old Vegas is not for me, we saw the Freemont Experience, a light show that was fun, but I expected more after hearing about it. Unexpected downside: when we returned to our room, we were LOCKED OUT! Because we had locked the door from the inside before we left, apparently when the guest opens the door to leave, it does not default open, and thusly the door locks. Two different security people had to come up, and the supervisor stated &quot;this happens all the time.&quot;The hotel had a LOVELY front desk person, she is from Nashville, can't remember her name. We ate at the Italian place there, NOT good service, waitress FULL of excuses, I sat with an empty beverage for most of my meal as she rushed by me saying &quot;I'm getting that beer!&quot; Overall the hotel is nice, but kind of cheesy. The pool has a cool shark tank, but the actual swimming area is very small, and chairs are on top of each other. The price Expedia gave me was only $66.00 for the night, so although we were only there for the day, they let us check in early at 12pm, and we enjoyed a solid 9 hours there. I wouldn't go back, but its more because I did not like the vibe of old Vegas (die hard gamblers, polyester contingency, lots of homeless, beggers, very little to do....).	
Oct 26 2009 	my first bad vegas experience	My first bad experience in Vegas and this happened at the Golden Nugget this past weekend. Check in on Friday, and was given a suite in the Spa Tower. Beautiful 2 story room. Thumbs up. Put bag in room and went out to gamble. Got back to room early Saturday morning around 3:30 am. Slept and up around 11:30am and downstairs in the casino by around noon. Although I have a beautiful room, I'm the type that stays out all day and just use the room to sleep. Once again gambled till around 3:30 am early Sunday. Go to the room, put the key in, but the key did not worked. Damn. Thinking that the key got de-magnetized, so trek downstairs to the front desk to try and get a new key. At the front desk, they could not find me as registered guest!!!! So I showed them the &quot;guest card&quot; showing the dates of my arrival and checkout which was supposed to be Monday. After checking somemore, the front desk robot told me that they checked me out on Saturday just after I have gotten up and left the room!!!! I ask why, of course the front desk robot could not answer me. Then I ask what happened to my stuff that I left in the room. After numerous phone calls, I was told that the cleaning staff removed my toiletry bag and kept it in housekeeping somewhere. However, my bag that was in the closet with a couple of t-short on hangers were nowhere to be found. Remember, this is around 4:00 in the morning. I'm tired. My cloths stinks and you don't want to be near my feet. So I asked the front desk robot if it is golden nugget's policy to check people out of their room before they are suppose to!!! Of course no answer was given.Granted, the front desk robot offered me another room, but given their treatment so far, I declined. I could get a room anywhere on the strip.By this time, someone from housekeeping arrived with a blue plastic bag with my toiletry bag inside, but my other bag with clothing and everything else is nowhere to be found.Seeing that there were no answers to be gotten from the front desk robot and I really did not want to wake up the host that make the reservation for me, I just gave them my cell number and ask to them call me when they found my bag.So I left with my toiletry bag and went to another casino on the strip. Expecting a call early in the morning when someone with some sort of authority that could sort out the situtation but it was not to be. No one called.So, I had to drag myself back downtown as I have some valuable items in the bag that I left in the room. Eventhough I showered, I had to put my old clothing back on. So I still stink.I went to the host office told the host on duty my story and after more phone calls, I was told that someone else with a name that was close to mine asked to check out on Saturday and they make the mistake and check me out instead. Right!!!!!!! With my stuff still the room!!!!At this point, I really didn't care for their explanation, I just wanted my bag. After a few calls, I was told my bag was at Lost and Found and the host sort of hinted for me to go there to get my bag. Yeah right!!!! How many strikes is this?Seeing the expression on my face, he quickly call someone to bring it down. After retriving my bag, I check the bag and thank God everything was there. They actually did folded my t-shirts bery nicely before putting back in the bag. Thumbs up. Thumbs down for making me come back down to get it. So I left with my bag.Today, Monday, I have left a message with the host that make my reservation to call me but alas no call yet. Maybe tomorrow (they are very busy you know ...) or the day after or probably never.Well, golden nugget will never see 1 gambling dollar from me again.	
Oct 26 2009 	Comfortable rooms	The remodeled rooms in the South Tower were beautiful and comfortable.We had thought to maybe use the pool but it is like center stage at a singles club, surrounded by glass and full of young people, so not the sanctuary we oldies were hoping for. All staff were very polite and helpful. Food was good. The highlight of the buffet was a wonderful server who sang happy birthday to someone at a neighboring table. By popular demand she sang another song after. The woman needs to be on stage she is so incredibly talented! We did tend to avoid the restaurant across from the pool after one meal there with an over zealous server who was a little too interactive with the guests. (constantly commenting, talking us out of ordering certain items, etc). Even he was very nice though.	
Oct 26 2009 	The best hotel located in downtown Las Vegas	The Golden Nugget Hotel is one of the best, if not THE BEST, hotel located in downtown Las Vegas. Please remember that downtown Las Vegas is different from the &quot;Vegas Strip&quot;. The gambling is cheaper and better downtown than the strip. However, the strip has more shopping and night life.  The hotel is very clean and offers many gaming opportunities (tables, slots and sports bar). One of the great things I enjoyed about the hotel is the swimming pool. There is an enclosed slide that goes directly through a shark tank!! Although you are never in any harm, it is quite a rush!!! I would definitely stay in this hotel again.One of the down falls is that this hotel is not on the &quot;strip&quot; but other than that its great!!	
Oct 24 2009 	small rooms	Stayed here for 3 nights in september, had prebooked with netflights for only £105, but it was only a basic room in the south tower, wished we had paid for an upgraid to the north tower which I understand are much better rooms, there was no coffee maker or fridge.We only ate in carsons cafe which was very nice.Loved being down town, such a great atmosphere, went to the strip one night but was so glad to get back to fremont.The hotels pool area is fantastic with the shark tank, what an experience swimming with the sharks.It was lovely going to all the other casinos knowing your bed is not far away.	
Oct 22 2009 	I love downtown Vegas and the Golden Nugget!	This was my 4th trip to Vegas. I've stayed at the Aladdin (now PH), the Palazzo, and the Monte Carlo. I've visited downtown before, but never stayed there. This time, I thought I'd give it a try. I'm very glad that we did. We arrived on a Thursday night, around 11pm. Check in was a little slow, but thorough. We were given a booklet of Golden Nugget coupons as well. We used about three of them during our two night stay.Our room on the 14th floor was nicely appointed, two beds &amp; non-smoking - just as I asked for. Everything was very clean. I wished that our room had a mini-fridge and coffee maker, but we were ok without it. The complimentary toiletries were good sized and nice. After getting settled in, we went down to the Grille for a bite. We used a $2 off per person coupon. The food was really good, and it came out fast, considering it was after midnight.The pool area was great, if but a little small - really liked the shark tank. The only real downside was that there wasn't a whole lot of sun reaching the space. It more than likely has a lot to do with the time of year (the sun doesn't get as high- we had similar problems finding chairs in the sun at the Venetian later in the week), but you have to scope it out early if you want to get a spot in the sun.We ate at the Buffet for breakfast (used a two-for-one coupon and got breakfast for $10 for both of us!) and it was pretty tasty. I recommend going earlier than 10am if you want all of the breakfast selections... at around 10:15 they started switching over to lunch.All in all, I would definitely return to the Golden Nugget. It's a good value and a fun, laid back atmosphere. I'm hoping to give the spa a try during my next stay.*I also signed up for their 24 Karat Club (a must if you like Vegas and getting offered room specials!)	
Oct 21 2009 	Wow !!!! is all I need to say !!!!!!	We have stayed on the strip many times ,thought we would try downtown for a change. We were so impressed by the friendly staff ( everyone from the front desk to the bartenders and waiters ,bellmen,etc) All were professional and helpful .Went to Vic's ,sat at the bar and had the BEST martini ,oysters and crab cakes !!!!!!! The bartender was fabulous ! Trust me I'm very well traveled and quite particular ...... The hotel room was spotless,quiet and comfortable .The pool was fun and relaxing. Ever played blackjack in your bathing suit ? Needless to say we will be returning in the spring and will never stay on the strip again !!!	
Oct 21 2009 	A Teenagers Review of The Golden Nugget	The Golden Nugget Hotel was one of my favorite parts of Vegas. One of the most popular aspects of this hotel is the casino located on the bottom floor, although I was unable to take part in the gambling due to my age, the sight of all the machines and black jack tables was overwhelming. At the core of the hotel, the swimming pool was one of my favorite places. The slide running through the shark tank was awesome and thrilling, and definitely attracted a lot of people, not only children. The actual hotel rooms were very cozy and welcoming. The Golden Nugget Hotel offers tons of opportunities for teens including the swimming pool, and all sorts of shops, including souvenir shops. For teens, Fremont Street offers all sorts of stores, restaurants and the famous light shows. My experience at The Golden Nugget was great, and I cannot wait to go back.	
Oct 19 2009 	Wanted to stay somewhere different so we tried Fremont Street	We travel to Vegas once or twice a year. We were at the end of our week long road trip and decided to stay on Fremont St., as we like the atmosphere but have never stayed there. We had checked out hotels on the internet the night before and the Golden Nugget had an advertised price of $89 for a Friday Night. When we arrived the doorman welcomed us and of course, parking was free. The bellman took our luggage. As we arrived at 11am we thought there would be no way we could check in early, as the line for check out was long. There were separate checkin lines and within 2 minutes we were helped. We had made reservations by phone that am and we wanted to upgrade to the renovated No. Tower. The front desk was pleasant and explained that it was $25 for the upgrade and we took it as we wanted a nice room on the last night of our vacation. We were booked on the fourth floor (no view) but I almost fell over when I saw the fabulous room. Nice entry with desk/chair, mirrored closet doors, tile entry. Nice bathroom (small) with upgraded toiletries, makeup mirror and lots of towels. Carpet in bedroom area, beautiful double beds, dresser, and 42&quot; flat screen TV. No coffee maker (starbucks downstairs). My husband changed for the pool, and I went gambling. The pool is unusual as it has a &quot;shark tank&quot; (fish, lol) and a long tube slide. Very nice. The gaming in this hotel is nicer &amp; brighter than some on Fremont St. Since it was near Halloween everything re entertainment was geared toward costumes etc. Across from Golden Nugget is Mermaids, where you can get deep fried twinkies (yum, really!) and oreos, nathans hot dogs, etc for $l.99 Another casino, Golden Gate, offers up $1.99 lg. shrimp cocktails (no lettuce), and we have enjoyed listening to a piano player seated nearby. Friday night was so much fun Binions had costumed entertainers and blackjack dealers. We enjoyed the &quot;Fremont Street Experience on a Friday night and did not have to take a cab anywhere. In the morning when we were ready to return home we used the television internet checkout. Checkout time was noon, which I believe is one of the later checkout times in Vegas. Called the bellman and he was there within 5 minutes, also car was waiting . We wil stay here again for sure.	
Oct 18 2009 	Best stay for the money!	This was the last of MANY stays at the Nugget, and won't be our last! Although there is still a lot of construction going on for the new Rush Tower, and the street the parking garage is on is congested, but we still enjoyed our stay. We paid just $52 + tax per weekday night, and $99 for Friday night.The room, #51998, looked as it had just been renovated, and the whole hotel is undergoing revamping. The carpeting in the hotel hallways still smelled new. The staff is efficient, friendly and hard-working. Someone can always be seen somewhere cleaning or polishing. They even scrub the carpets in the elevator lobby regularly, at night, of course. Food is first-rate and portions are plentiful.	
Oct 17 2009 	Excellent stay	Overall excellent hotel. It has everything you need... from dining &amp; gambling to relaxing &amp; partying! Rooms are gorgeous and we stayed in a standard room! Only downside regarding hotel is no free wifi anywhere in hotel - internet access in each room is charged daily and it's $12.99!Hotel is based in downtown area - this area is much better for gambling compared to the new strip as it's much cheaper! However, this is also the only con regarding the hotel - to get to the main strip you can board the Duece bus...but let me warn you it takes upwards of an hour to travel the short distance between both strips, especially in the evernings and the bus is always overcrowded.	
Oct 17 2009 	Fantastic hotel at a great price	We (my partner and two friends) booked 2 rooms in the South Tower in May this year and really looked forward to our stay. When we arrived we where pleasantly surprised. The refurbishment was finished in the North and South tower, only some light work on the new tower, so no noise and dust or nothing. So that was a good start as we expected the refurbishment still to be under way. But it only got better. Once at the desk we asked casually about a free upgrade. The receptionist said he would ask the manager and when he came back he said we would be eligible for a free upgrade. So we ended up in the Spa tower in a two bed roomed suite which was the most beautiful thing we have ever seen. One living room in the middle tastefully decorated with top quality French furniture, 40&quot; flat screen TV, entertainment system, bose speakers etc. Curtains closed by just pressing a button next to your bed.Then there is one bedroom on either site with the same decor. Another 40&quot; flat screen and bose radio-cd player. The bathrooms where fantastic. 2 bathrooms in the suite. Double sized spa bath and huge steam shower. And another TV, but bit smaller. The whole suite was absolutely spotless. Not a mark anywhere and not a speck of dust. We where of course over the moon with this free upgrade.The rest of the hotel was great too. The food on the buffet was great so was the meal in the grotto.All very reasonable priced.And then of course there is the pool, what a fantastic place to just sit there and watch the sharks and fish and have a nice drink with friends.The staff went out of there way to help us with any questions we had. We will definitely stay at this hotel again, not just because we had an upgrade. We looked in some other rooms too and they where very good as well. Although our room was right above the Fremont experience, you could hardly hear anything, it was lovely and quiet.And when you have enough of Fremont street, the strip is only a short drive away.Will def stay there again!	
Oct 15 2009 	Never the Strip again always Golden Nugget	This was my first stay at the Golden Nugget and the friendliness of the staff was the first impression I got when we arrived. When we told them that we would get married the next day, they were so helpful drawing a map of where to find the license office and where to find the deuce bus stop and the little white wedding chapel and where the limo would pick us up. I loved the room, everything clean and we got an extra nice one in the higher floors with nice view. The restaurants were all great and the buffet was our favorite. We simply have no complaints and will come back next year for our wedding anniversary. We had the time of our life in and outside the gorgeous pool area. I will never stay at the strip again - it is nice to stroll downtown Fremont Street with a 99 cent margarita in the hand listening to live music and watching the laser show without cars driving left and right from you like on teh strip. LOVE downtown. We even met Chumlee and the folks from the TV show Pawn Stars and had a great time.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great value very nice for money	Golden Nugget was very nice for very little money. Grotto restaurant in lobby is excellent. Rooms are elegant, hotel seems clean and up to date. Love the shark tank, wish we had time to enjoy the pool. Fremont street experience is a plus. Do take note walking from here to or from the strip at night is really not a reasonable option in this rough neighboorhood. Renting a car is fine to get back and forth, and really not any more than a few cab fares. I have heard the bus is ok to get to and from the strip to, though I have not tried it myself.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Place for a great price	Not crazy about the restaurants, but there are enough nearby so it really doesn't matter. Location is the best! Like being close to many things and not have to rely on transportation.	
Oct 12 2009 	Stay Elsewhere	We live in europe and honestly even a 3 star hotel in europe provide better services than the Golden Nugget. What else can you say about a hotel that wants to charge you 5$ for an EXTENSION CABLE!!!!!!!??????? We arrive at the dinner buffet at 2130 and 3 ladies sitting in the reception desk rudely inform us that the restaurant closes at 2200 and that we need to hurry. Infact, my wife, the ever polite lady greeted the recepcionist only to be ignored totally!The only thing that we really liked about this hotel was the SPA amenities which are really cool although the showers in the SPA dont permit you to have a cold shower! The Gold room was basic with no tub or minibar.. For 109 $ per night, you can find a better deal at the Bellagio or the Venetian..	
Oct 12 2009 	great nw updates	Have stayed here before, but the new updates are really great, especially the pool area.	
Oct 9 2009 	"Extreme Pools" Travel Channel	I stayed at the Golden Nugget in September. I stayed on Friday and Saturday nights for about $59 per night. The price for hotels (like Treasure Island, MGM, New York New York, etc) on the strip were going for around $150-200 per night. Anyways, I read about the pool at the Golden Nugget and decided to give it a try.The hotel seemed to be completely renovated. The wait at the check-in desk was about 25 minutes. The room was completely renovated and better than I would have expected at any hotel in the old downtown. The room was probably as good as the standard rooms in Treasure Island, MGM, and New York New York (The last times I stayed at TI or MGM were about 3-5 years ago). The bed, air conditioning, TV, and bathroom were all fine.The Golden Nugget swimming pool was awesome! It was featured on the Travel Channel show, “Extreme Pools” around the world! The aquarium was right in the middle of the pool and was filled with about 6 sharks and a bunch of different kinds fish. It was really cool being able to watch sharks swim right by my face! Within a couple of inches! The slide was pretty cool too! It twists and turns a few times before you shoot through the middle of the shark tank/aquarium! I had to ride it a few times. The pool was not crowded when I went.The Golden Nugget buffet was very good for the price. It was only $21 and they had pretty much everything. It was not as big as the Wynn or Bellagio buffets, but it is much less expensive. I had crab, fish, chicken, turkey, Chinese food, Indian food, pizza, desserts, and much more.If you want to stay downtown, then I recommend the Golden Nugget. If you want to hang out on the strip, then you might want to stay…on the strip. The drive to the strip is only about 10 minutes or so.	
Oct 9 2009 	Gem in downtown Las vegas	We were entirely pleased with our experience. The room, pool, and dining areas were top notch. The nightly light and sound show outside the hotel was spectacular, including the live entertainment. The only drawback was the distance fromn the strip and expense of taxi to get to and from other attractions.	
Oct 8 2009 	Happy with hotel	We arrived at the hotel for an 8-night stay and were struck by the beautiful lobby, very impressive. Our room was not ready and we had to wait over 2 hours. When we finally checked in, we were given an upgrade to a Strip view room on the 20th floor. It was worth the wait. The view at night was fantastic. The room was clean and we loved the large flat-screen tv. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. We didn't swim but enjoyed the pool area around the fire pit and the shark tank. The breakfast buffet, the Grille and Carson Street Cafe had delicious food at a reasonable prices. Everything was perfect, except the last two days when I got sick with the flu and stayed in bed but that is not the hotel's fault. At least the bed was very comfortable and I had the view to look at. Very close to the Fremont Street Experience and we felt perfectly safe walking in the area.The only thing I hated was the pushy timeshare people. They are always after you.	
Oct 8 2009 	Top Notch Hotel....Must enjoy the Fish Tank Pool Area!	Terrific service, fast check in. Wonderful pool area with Shark tank and super slide through the middle of the fish tank! Fascinating watching the fish swim right next to you!Construction outside the South Tower causes noise and traffic congestion. New tower being built! Inside the hotel the reconstruction on the floors is done with little disturbance to the guests. Top notch hotel for the price. You could never have the amenities the Golden Nugget provides at the price you pay on the Strip! Enjoy all of the amenities Freemont Street offers while staying at this hotel...covered 5 block area, good paying slots, overhead light show. Easy area to walk and experience evening concerts, many other casinos in a short walking distance, good, inexpensive souvenier shops.	
Oct 8 2009 	Our hotel of choice in Las Vegas	My husband and I have stayed at the Nugget three times now, and it is the only place we stay. The location is great, and the hotel itself is so pretty and the rates are always good. We had my 50th birthday while we were in LV this past time, and ordered a birthday cake from the hotel. The cake as so cute (made to order), delicious as well, and the price couldn't be beat.If you're a &quot;:downtown&quot; kind of person, the Nugget is very highly recommended!	
Oct 8 2009 	A very comfortable stay very clean and a very new feeling.	Probably the nicest and classiest hotel in the downtown area. Very friendly staff and crew. Our hostess, Nicole was very thorough and concerned that all of our needs and wishes were addressed. I wouls suggest requesting a room in the north tower if you want to be close to Freem,ont Street.	
Oct 8 2009 	Loved the Golden Nugget	We have never stayed downtown before, but...We would stay at the Golden Nugget again! My daughter saw the Shark Pool on the Travel Channel and asked if we could go and check it out. I called and was shocked at how inexpensive the rate are. We booked two nights and got a $25 room credit to spend in the hotel. The room was huge and nicely decorated. Bathrooms, are big and clean. DH loved the big screen tv. The pool is nothing short of amazing! My kids loved it, but truth be told DH and I did too! The only thing that I did not like was the dinner buffet. Over priced and not very good. We did order drinks and snacks from the bar around the pool, and we found it to be a good vaule and very good. Service all over the hotel was great! Can not wait to go back!	
Oct 8 2009 	I was pleasantly surprised by the Golden Nugget	I stayed at the Golden Nugget on a business trip recently and was pleasantly surprised by the rooms on the Gold Club floor. Watch out for rooms that face on the Fremont Street light show as you can hear the music like the band is in your room When I called they moved me immediaely to a quieter room on the other side of the floor. The food in the Steakhouse was excellent and in the other restaurants it was okay.	
Oct 8 2009 	Management Attitude To Compalints - "That's The way It Is - Deal With It!"	As a Tour Bus Driver, I've had the misfortune to stay here twice, within the last month. The rooms are okay, but only two out of the four elevators serving floors between 2-9 were working, in the South Tower, leading to long lines and frustrated guests.As for my experience, I needed to load 42 suitcases in the morning prior to depature and a 300 mile drive to LAX Airport. Unfortunately, the area outside the Hotel on S 1st Street is a construction zone, very dusty when dry and muddy when wet. There is a fully paved area just up the street. However, I was not permitted to park here whilst loading luggage, which led to my shoes being covered in mud, along with the bottom of my trousers. When I complained to the Doorman, he replied......&quot;That's the way it is - deal with it&quot; and when my Tour Manager complained to the &quot;Duty Manager&quot; she got the exact same response. It seems as though this attitude runs rife through the Company.20oz Pop is $2.50, bag of potato chips is $1.50. Breakfast consisting of Hasbrowns, eggs, sausage and coffee is $17 + gratuity. You get the picture!	
Oct 7 2009 	great time but 48 hrs is more than enough!!	downtown is not the strip and both have the good and bad points....if downtown is your choice then the GN is the place to be...great food...great time...good play...pool was what i thought it would be...you can see all of fremont street and more in 4 hrs...we stayed 48 hrs...more than enough time...i'm probably just getting to be a nasty old man but can't vegas survive without the &quot;families with rug rats running around&quot; being part of the landscape..?..there's enough theme parks to choke a horse for the little darlings...why vegas.....?...we chose the gold club room because of the offers but saw no advantage...when we got there the line was long and no vip checkin as promised(later we found out go to the vip lounge)...would have been nice to know...the room wouldn't cool down below 68...tv reception was fair...and no security...anyone could have gotten on the elevator and gone right up to our floor with us...you have to walk thur the lobby to get to the pool...got old being pestered by the time share people...oh well....all and all i'd reccomend the GN but don't waste your money on the supposedly high end rooms...P.S.pay the money to take the taxi from the airport...you'll be on the shuttles for over an hr because downtown is the last stop...after 12 hrs of airports/flytime...those 60 mins seemed like 6 days and gave me a attitude right from the start....2 days at downtown then 3 days on the strip...great combination.....	
Oct 6 2009 	Typical Las Vegas Hotel --- Average Stay	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights as part of the tour. We were given standard room on the South Tower -- as you will expect massive hotel with 2 towers North &amp; South. As we were a tour group we only given the South Tower room because non-refurbished room and far from all the restaurants in the hotel except Starbuck Coffee on the ground floor of ST but only open 06:00 - 22:00 --- at NT Starbuck open 24 hours. Room was ok --- small, dirty, very dated and no duvet only very thin blanket , an air-condition was very noisy and filthy --- bathroom very small and not so clean. We didn't see refurbished room at NT maybe it is much better but if you decide to stay here make sure you book at North Tower. Location is good if you prefer to stay near Fremont Street but if you like more Vegas feel better to stay by the strips. Restaurants in the hotel we tried The Buffet for breakfast and dinner very disappointing because of the quality of food --- the cost of buffet sound value for money but we have to say very very poor quality and we have to mention Vic &amp; Anthony's Steakhouse in the hotel is absolutely perfect food, service, ambiance try this one you won't be disappoint --- you must book in advance for this restaurant as they are always busy. For our own opinion hotel is far too big for pleasure holiday guest -- swimming pool always very crowded can't relax at all ---- smoking was a problem for us some guests smoke inside the lobby the smell is far too much for us. Overall average stay but we won't come back to Las Vegas it is not for us.	
Oct 2 2009 	Wow! Love that pool slide!	The GN was absolutely the best downtown casino hotel I've stayed at! The staff I came across were friendly and helpful from the gal at Starbucks to Andrew the waiter in the Carson St Cafe. My daughter and I were in the South Tower and the room was great! She liked the dressing table with the lighted mirror. Gordy Brown was hilarious! The time share folks were there; however, all I had to do was smile and say &quot;not interested&quot; and that's all it took. I loved the pool slide - I went down it 2X and I'll be 65 y.o. next month. GN is not responsible if folks bring their kids; and I'm also an avid cruiser and facts are there are parents who are very careless with their children. That's the case all over. I will definitely return to the GN real soon.	
Oct 1 2009 	The Tank Isn't Worth It	My husband and I stayed here this past weekend. We were traveling with another couple and at time of reservation (online) we both made note that we were traveling together and would like to stay near each other. We checked in at different times, however, since we were flying from different cities, and that request must have been too much because we were nowhere near each other (same tower, different elevators--6th floor versus 14th floor). However, not a big deal and we didn't mention it to the staff.The room was very comfortable and good sized. There was some residual hallway noise but nothing that kept us up. However, there did appear to be a wrestling match occurring on the floor above ours at 3AM that lasted a couple of hours before the occupants were, presumably, thrown out. We didn't complain to the staff though since I had no problem sleeping through it and my husband doesn't typically complain about things once the matter has been resolved. Our view was not attractive, though we could see portions of the pool and Fremont Street Experience. The bathroom was nice and the complimentary lotions, etc. were VERY nice.The hotel itself was nice. It felt very new and clean, not dated or old. It did take a while to get from the room to the outdoors, but definitely not as long as it does at a hotel on The Strip. Probably just about 5-10 minutes (versus 20+ on The Strip). The timeshare sales staff stationed outside the South Tower elevators didn't bother us at all. I wish they were all like that. We dined at the Cafe, the H2O bar, and Lillie's Noodle House. All had good food and good service. The H2O bar, perhaps expectedly, was pretty expensive, though ($17 for 2 tequila sunrises, $20 for five Bud Lights).The Tank was awesome and the only reason we chose to stay at the Golden Nugget. It is a little small, both the pool and the seating area, especially for the crowd, but we found seats every day and enjoyed ourselves immensely. The slide didn't get crowded at all and we were able to ride it whenever we wanted. Although the pool was nice, and the hotel itself was nice, I wouldn't stay there again. The downtown area has a different vibe from The Strip, more &quot;down and out&quot; than &quot;What Happens in Vegas,&quot; probably due to the downtown area being primarily frequented by locals rather than tourists. Plus, with no cheap and easy way to get to The Strip (one way bus fare is $3, $7 for 24 hour pass), and not enough to entertain oneself for a full weekend, it would make more sense to stay on The Strip and visit the downtown area than vice versa.	
Oct 1 2009 	The worst place I have ever stayed. We will never stay at this hotel again.	This hotel is horrible. What happened to the fun Vegas? There are so many kids running rampid you can not have any fun. They are in the casino &amp; of course parents drop their kids off at the pool while they gamble. I pulled a two year old out of the water because her mother was too busy drunking &amp; talking to watch her. TIP: DON&quot;T TAKE KIDS TO SIN CITY! Us grown ups go there for a reason, to have fun not to be bothered by kids. That is what Disney Land is for. You will never get a drink, you will never see any staff member smile &amp; you will never win any money. You are harrased everytime you come off of the elevator or come in the front door to buy a time share. What a joke. If you want to win &amp; get good service &amp; drinks go to any other hotel on Fremont. I needed some food heated up from one of their restaurants &amp; they refused to stick it in the microwave for me. Very small bed in south tower.	
Oct 1 2009 	NOT A SINGLE DISAPPOINTMENT	We enjoyed the hotel and Fremont Street from the moment we walked onto it. The hotel staff was nothing but polite and helpful. Our room was an older one (South Tower) but was very clean and maintained. We had one small problem. The bathroom sink didn't drain the first time we used it, but my husband called the front desk and by the time we came back later in the afternoon it was fixed and we didn't have another problem with it. We felt we did get our money's worth. Will no doubt be staying with the Golden Nugget again.	
Sep 25 2009 	Still very nice!	The G.N. iscertainly the class of the downtown hotels. Always feel comfortable at the Nugget and they seem to take care of their costomers. The cafe still has tasty meals and the rooms are very nice. I will stay here every time we stay downtown!	
Sep 23 2009 	Definitely the best choice downtown.	Some friends and I stayed there for three nights for a bachelor party in Vegas and had a good time.Pros: Large, clean, and recently renovated rooms. (Make sure you get one of the renovated ones. They charged $10 extra and it was worth it.) Everyone on staff we talked to was very nice.Great water slide at the pool. We were a group of 30s-early 40s adults and loved the water slide and shark tank. The pool isn't very large but had just enough room for the number of people there. It is hot in Vegas so the fact that the hotel shades the pool much of the day was fine.Cons: Downtown is a dump. We're not really gamblers and that part of town is mostly just depressing. Sure you can find $2 shots and margaritas at the hotels there. But I can also find cheap alcohol at home. If you want to head to the strip for a show or a decent restaurant the cab fare is about $25 each way.I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. But I probably won't stay there next time I visit Vegas.	
Sep 23 2009 	My Favorite Hotel in Vegas!	I often travel to LV on business and if possible, I will always book a room @ the Golden Nugget for the following reasons:* Best Location for quick freeway access* Excellent food, fun, including the Fremont Experience* Really nice rooms with great beds* Starbucks next door (a must for me)* They upgraded me to a exclusive 17th foor for the gold club experience on my birthday* Great parking (free)* The Tank! (really cool pool) with excellent seating with nice towels* Service, service, service	
Sep 23 2009 	dissapointed!	the hotel is in Fremont street but Fremont street experience is a little bit exaggerated.Besides the giant screen they have on Fremont street and below average band playing music at night , there are nothing else to see. The H2O tank inside hotel is pretty nice but its always full of people and kids.I should have stayed at the Strip.Disappointed with the way the hotel is managed. I booked a king-size bed room for 3 nights. I called and confirmed couple hours before arriving but when arrived I was told king size bed room are all taken (what the point of reservation AND confirm anyway) so we have to take a double queen bed room. I was promised a king-size bed room tomorrow was given priority card (whatever it is) and was told to come back between 12 and 4pm tomorrow. I came back at 1: 00 next day and after waiting in long line, i was told the room is not ready and was told came back later.I came back later that night but was told they dont have any king room (again!) , my spouse was so mad and we almost checked out. So we ended up sleeping in double queen size bed room again.We finally got our king size bed next day but it was also the last night. We will not go back to that hotel again.	
Sep 21 2009 	Golden Nugget was very impressive	I am a huge fan of staying downtown Las Vegas and this was my first stay at the Golden Nugget. The hotel and casino were very clean and staff was very nice! Grotto's restaurant was fabulous.....highly recommend the pizzas! Pool was awesome as well but go a bit early to grab a good chair. Dealers were very nice and helpful at the tables. Would stay here again!	
Sep 13 2009 	Vintage Vegas -- excellent value for money and fab pool!	Let me preface by saying I've stayed at the Bellagio and the Palazzo (both of which had gorgeous rooms) and I was very hesitant to stay here. But I decided to take a risk and I'm glad I did. We stayed on the 22nd floor of the South Tower in a room supposedly remodeled in 2009 and we paid $49 for the first night (a Thursday) and $159 for the second night (Friday). The Good:Excellent value for money, esp. at the $49 rate. If both nights were $159, I would not have stayed here because I got the same rate at Bellagio but I wanted to save some bucks and spend it on a great dinner out. The room was large and clean but the furniture looked dated and a little scuffed. The bathroom is tiny and the door opens inward which makes it even more crowded. The sink is ridiculously small. However, it's serviceable. All amenities provided, flat screen TV, blow dryer, lotion, shampoo, iron and board, etc. and replenished each day. I was surprised to see robes hanging in our closet. That is a luxury hotel amenity and to find it in a $49 room is pretty amazing. The pool is fantastic! If you have kids, I can't think of a better way to have them spend the day than under the waterfalls and hurtling down the water slide that cuts through the shark tank. Yes, there are live sharks swimming in the shark tank and you can gaze at them while they peer at you through the glass. You can do the water slide and lie out on the lounges to your heart's content and never have to spend a dime unless you want to buy beer and food, which is always a good idea. The weekday crowd seems to be working-class families, the weekend crowd seems to trend younger with lots of L.A. and O.C. visitors. The steakhouse at the hotel is pretty good and I have reviewed it separately on yelp.com.Lots of slot machines (which I don't use) and gaming tables of all kinds. I played texas hold-em at the lowest limit table ($2/$4) and the dealers were helpful and friendly and most of the players were nice. The Bad:Most of the staff don't look particularly happy and aren't particularly pleasant. We did end up getting upgraded to the 22nd floor at check-in and a waiver of the $12.99/24hr. internet fee the next day but it was not easy to do. And none of the workers seem to smile much. Maybe they don't get paid well and that's why the hotel is good value for money? Hmmm. Not very convenient to the Strip so if you don't have a car, you'll have to take the City Bus or taxis if you want to get up where all the action is. We had no trouble driving and we also enjoyed exploring Fremont Street. If you're on a budget, things seem to be a little less expensive at that end of town anyway.Side Notes:You have to prance through the hotel lobby in your robe to get to the pool. I guess you have to do this most places but it felt strange.Lots of shiny gold and mirrors all around. No doubt this was high style back in the day but if you're looking for uber-chic Zen decor, this place isn't it. The casino in particular seems very poorly lit, and I'm not sure why. In sum, put on some vintage clothes and vintage attitude, let go of your expectations, and kick back for good times. And don't forget to swim with the sharks!	
Sep 12 2009 	Loved Freemont Street not sure about the Golden Nugget	First stay in old Vegas, loved entire Freemont St. Exp., don’t think we’ll ever stay on the Strip again! Planning a group trip in Feb., not so sure about returning to Golden Nugget. Hotel’s not very accommodating to its guests. Expedia Itinerary stated “1 Deluxe King Room, South Tower.” No king room available upon arrival, put in a double, told we could move to king the next day, had to check between 2-3 to see if room was ready, asked if any compensation for inconvenience, told “No”, booked through online travel, only run-of-house room guaranteed. Why give the choice at time of booking? They held luggage the last day, South Tower desk closes at 3 p.m., choices were take to North Tower yourself or wait 10-15 min. for them to get it when you are ready to leave. They should automatically move it to the North Tower! Very disappointed at lack of security at elevators to rooms. There is none! Knock at door at 1 a.m., female visitor looking for some “Fun”. Have to show room key to get to the pool area but not to guest rooms, makes no sense! Spoke with hotel management/security, told security’s available 24/7, should have called. Lucky it wasn’t someone overpowering, could have burst into room, wouldn’t have had time to get to the phone. What if we were followed? Lame answer! Pool great idea. Crowded and 90% shaded at all times. Seems they were more concerned about the building Cabanas.	
Sep 12 2009 	Brill Time	Stayed here in March 09, it was a very good hotel and i would definatly stay there again.Hotel- Excellent check in was quick and precise and directed to our rooms straight away all the requests we made were given to us. Room was really big with a very spacious bed and the bathroom was large too. Room very clean and cleaned every day. the cleaners were also very nice and friendly. Tv was massive bigger than my one at home and view of the strip was good as well.Pool- The pool was of a good size and plenty of sunbeds for the time of year, i could imagine it being a little cramped in high season though. the shark enclosure was amazing as was the slide going through it. The bar has plenty to choose from and the waitresses were always there to help. One minor complaint is that every time i went to the bar i got asked for id which can get a bit tired but thats the way they work over there.Casino- had plenty of slots and things to do in it and we had a really good time there.Freemont Street- Excellently located right in the middle of the experience and it felt like a party every night down the street. was great for cheaper slots and tables and drinks a lot better priced.The Strip - was amazing although the hotel is definatly not close to it so dont get the impression that you can walk to it. Definatly get the bus that runs every ten mins it runs directly by the hotel and only costs $7 a day ticket. Plenty to do on the strip even just going round all the hotels can take a full day up.Excursions/shows - Get your show tickets and excursion tickets from half price tickets they have shops up and down the strip and the tickets are half the price of booking them at home or through your agent.All in all a brill hotel and so much cheaper to stay at the freemont end of town knocked £100 per person off the strip priced hotels and got the same experience just by getting a bus	
Sep 10 2009 	Great place for a great price	We stayed at the Golden Nugget for 3 nights during the &quot;Summer of '69&quot; festival. Check in line was long, but was expected on Labor Day weekend. Did not get into room until 5pm due to our carpet being cleaned. No problem, we ate lunch and hung out at the pool. Our room was clean and well decorated, but carpet still damp. Slight smell of smoke, even though it was a non-smoking room. Upon returning late that evening, we found out why the carpet was &quot;cleaned&quot;. The air conditioning unit was leaking water and carpet was wet from the unit to the bed. Went to front desk early the next morning and they were more than happy to move us to another King room, 19th non-smoking floor. Much better. The pool was fantastic. Water slide, 2 waterfalls, shark tank, black-jack tables, and pool side bar with food (sandwiches, appetizers, etc.) This was also a nice place to end your evening with a cold beverage and good company. Staff was always friendly, rooms were cleaned early each day, and by far this is the cleanest hotel and casino on Fremont Street. Plan to stay here again soon.	
Sep 9 2009 	The Golden Nugget was Terrific	We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The location was fantastic. We thouroghly enjoyed the shark tank pool. The rooms are clean and quite nice. We had a good view of the strip. The casino itself was never too smokey and all areas of the hotel were so well kept and very clean. I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. We will be staying at the Golden Nugget in the future.	
Sep 8 2009 	Nice Hotel first time staying in Downtown.	Hotel was clean and a great location for the Freemont Street experience. We only had one issue, they were replacing carpet and woke us up @ 8am sharp with the noise. It would have been nice to know this in advance, staff was apologetic and they comped our dinner from the night before to make up for the 8am wake up call.	
Sep 2 2009 	A Great Time!	It's been over 5 years since I stayed downtown at the Golden Nugget in Las Vegas and I certainly missed the experience. My wife and I decided to spend two evenings on the strip (Flamingo) and two evenings at the GN. We both agreed that the GN was a much better time. Valet and check in moved very quickly. The room, even in the South Tower, was very nice and spacious. I know some complain about the walk, but it just did not bother us. Seemed we had an even longer walk in the Flamingo. The casino floor and restaurants are great and you can't beat the location on Freemont Street which was such a blast on the weekend. The highlight for us was the pool area. We spend both of our afternoons there and really enjoyed ourselves. The shark tank is simply amazing and we found ourselves gazing into it for quite some time. Very much a party atmosphere on the weekend with alcohol everywhere and many people drinking in the pool itself. Unsure if the best place for kids on the weekend because of that. Sunday there was much more quiet with many kids splashing around. My only complaints (and really not a huge deal) was the elevators. They appeared to take some time to get to the main floor and for some reason kept playing the same video clip over and over again when you got on (Gordie Brown singing Ice Ice Baby)...after drinking that was the last tune I wanted to hear.But overall a great time and a good idea for a alternative to the expensive strip resorts.	
Sep 1 2009 	Best Downtown has to offer	We just returned from our second trip to Vegas this year. Stayed at the Nugget both times. We've tried all the other downtown hotels and none can compare to the Nugget for cleanliness and amenities. We always stay in the South Tower and have gotten great rooms that have been renovated with nice bed covers, flat screen TV and pillow top mattress. The rain shower head in the bath is not that great, no pressure. But it got the job done. The A/C was struggling during the day to cool the room but at night it was sufficient. It was only 111 degrees the day we left so any A/C unit is going to struggle. We have been staying Downtown Vegas since 1991 and will never stay on the Strip again. However, Downtown is getting too much like the Strip since they have covered Fremont St. Go during the week when the crowds are smaller. We love staying at the Nugget but don't gamble there because the slots are very tight. We ate the breakfast buffet but was disappointed at how it has gone downhill from a few years ago. Not as much variety and the food was dried out and tasteless. We didn't even try lunch or dinner. Ate elswhere. The other casinos have deteriorated so much that if you want to stay Downtown the Nugget is your best option. We will stay there again when we go next Spring.	
Sep 1 2009 	Beware - you do are not guaranteed the room type you reserved...	This was my 6th trip to Las Vegas, and my first time staying in the downtown area. The last time we were here, we went into the Golden Nugget casino and I decided that I wanted to stay there the next time we went. My boyfriend's birthday was last week, so I treated him to a weekend in Las Vegas for his birthday and one last blast before he had knee surgery (today).I made my reservations through the Golden Nugget, via the telephone. I told them I wanted a room with a king bed, and they said they would give me the special rates on the internet of $89.00/weekend night &amp; $49.00/weekday night. I was also supposed to get a $25.00 room and beverage credit. I guaranteed this all on my credit card.When we arrived around 10:00 p.m. on Saturday night (and I had informed the agent who took my reservation that we'd be arriving late) I was told that there were no more king bed rooms left, but that they could give us a room with 2 doubles. This did not make me happy as every other time I have traveled and guaranteed a room with a credit card, that means you get the room type you reserved. The desk clerk told me that they NEVER guarantee room types, which I thought odd since the reservation agent never mentioned that. I argued that I had never run across such a policy, but she kept on insisting that &quot;almost all&quot; hotels in Las Vegas had that policy. (Again, in my previous stays in Las Vegas, I always have been given the room type I had reserved.) The desk clerk told us that we could be &quot;put on a list for a room change the following day&quot; and would offer nothing more.We went up to our room and found that not only were the beds way too squishy and uncomfortable, but they were really short. My boyfriend and I are both fairly tall, and our legs were hanging over the edge. Not to mention that this was supposed to be a romantic birthday getaway for us, and now we were relegated to separate beds that could not be pushed together.I called the front desk again and explained that this room would not do. After putting me on a hold for a few minutes, the desk clerk came back and said that &quot;an unexpected check out&quot; occurred in a king room and that it was being cleaned and she could contact us in 20 minutes with the status. Fast forward to 30 minutes in the future, and we still hadn't heard from the front desk. I called down again, and was put on an endless hold. I hung up and called a second time (again on hold forever) and this time was told it would be another 15 minutes or so. While I was on the phone, another clerk left a message that we could either stay in the room or come down to the front desk to exchange keys (but of course, the room wasn't ready yet). We opted to go down to the front desk because by now about 45 minutes had elapsed, we hadn't eaten, and we were very unhappy with the way we were being treated.The front desk clerk we got this time checked on the status, made a call to whomever it was that we were dealing with before, and then announced that our room was ready. It apparently had been available all along, it was a &quot;set-aside&quot; room that they hold for either their friends or emergencies, and they put them in &quot;cleaning status&quot; to show them as unavailable in the computer. I never did get an explanation of why it took them nearly an hour to rectify this for us, just a lecture on how &quot;next time get the name of the reservation agent you spoke with&quot; on the phone. I also had to ask them to give us the $25.00 food &amp; beverage credit. There will not be a &quot;next time.&quot;	
Sep 1 2009 	Good value stay	Just returned from 3 nights at the Nuggett (after 3 at the Flamingo). This is the first time I have stayed Downtown. Have to say I was pleased with both the hotel and Fremont Street.The hotel itself is well run, clean and with good amenities. We stayed in the South Tower (ie. the non-refurbed rooms) and the rooms were still good. Didn't see any of the poor carpets or furnishings that others had seen. Nice flat screen TV, comfy beds (if a little soft) and robes provided.The pool area is lovely, though is indeed a little cramped. It opens at 8, but the pools are only staffed by 10. We tried both the Italian and steak restaurants. Both were good value.While Fremont Street is no Strip, it's a fun place for a couple of nights and doesn't have the extreme walks associated with the bigger hotels. The hotels surrounding the Nuggett are fairly cheap and cheerful, but the gambling is fair (plenty of $5 tables). I wouldn't choose to wander off the covered area of Fremont Street, which does look rather down at heel, but there is really little need for you to do so.Would definitely recommend if you are a repeat visitor, who has seen most of the Strip sights.	
Sep 1 2009 	Loved it.......	We stayed at the GN 8/28-8/31. We booked the hotel with my husband's air miles through his business card as the other hotels offered were on the strip and we had stayed at each of them. That said, I still did my research. Check-in was quick. We arrived around 3 or so and it took maybe 10 minutes, if that. We ended up in the South Tower, Room 2296. Nice big king bed, large flat screen, plenty of lamps for lighting. This was good as we did not have much of a view - but I don't spend much time staring out the window.The bathroom was nice sized - I certainly didn't have any trouble turning on the water, showerhead, etc. standing outside the tub, nor did I have to lay down to rinse my hair - the shower head had great pressure. The tub did drain rather slowly, however.Housekeeping was quite efficient. One phone call and pillows arrived not ten minutes later. They did the rooms twice a day - 8am and 3pm. If you didn't want to be bothered, you just put your privacy sign out.I am guessing that some of the other posters who thought the south tower was such a long walk have never stayed anywhere like Caesers, MGM or some of the other strip hotels. From the south tower elevators it was straight down the hall to the pool, a right then a left and a little more walking and there was the casino. Very convenient. Never did hear any street noise from our room - never even heard our neighbors or people in the hall.The pool area was great. For an FYI for those that are interested, if you are looking directly at the shark tank, the sun hits on the left side of the pool first in the am, then moves across to the right mid-day, and then back to the left late afternoon. Plenty of lounge chairs (with great pads) and seating areas with couches - chairs were plentiful until around 10am or so and then they got sparse. The are also two levels with cabanas above the pools and any chairs that are not in front of cabanas are open to all. Pool opens officially at 10am but you can get in around 830-900am and get a chair; just no towels or swimming until 10.Food was good - the Grotto has wonderful pizza. Cocktail waitressess are all over and you never really had a wait for a cocktail. I played craps and had a great time - even if I am a wussy bettor! Starts at a $5 minimum and at 8 or so goes to $10 but if you have been playing at the lower minimum you can stay at it.Only thing I was a little annoyed at was charging to my room - no problem several times and then at the gift shop all of the sudden they wanted my id! Suppossedly this is policy but then it should be enforced all across the hotel and they should tell you at check-in. Minor inconvenience but annoying.P.S. Thoes &quot;people&quot; outside the south elevators that want to give you &quot;gifts&quot;? They are time share hawkers - imho way more annoying than porn slappers!!	
Aug 30 2009 	Nice place. Not 4 star	Just returned from a 3 night stay in the south tower. Room was quite a ways from casino---a hassle every time you wanted to go to your room. The room itself was adequate and fairly roomy. Nice and clean, but to rate a 4 star I think you should have updated carpet and a nice duvet---not an old bedspread that is very scary. I checked across the street for a room at 4 queens which was older, but not that much different for a huge price difference ($49 vs $22). Staying at Xmas time at the new Rush tower of nugget. Hope it is a lot nicer.	
Aug 30 2009 	Gold Club rooms not worth the money pool area is way too crowded.	Stayed there five nights, just got home two days ago. The Gold Club rooms are not worth the money. Small, dark, even the bedside lamps not good for reading. They have a cover over the air conditioner, like a small coffe table type of thing, with louvers for the air to pass thru. Had to remove it each day so the room would get cooler. Soon as we pulled it out I could feel the cool air flowing throughout the room. The bathtub/shower combo sucks. You have to get in tub then turn everything on. The rain shower head was a pain, my wife had to turn on tub faucet then lie down in order to rinse her hair out, rain head would take forever. At least three of the five mornings we were awakened by emergency vehicles sirens from the streets below, and we were on the 17th floor, room 1710. The swimming pool is way too crowded with no room to spread out. Surrounding properties have gone way downhill last five or so years. I will not be staying downtown again, used to enoy staying there. I want to mention to everyone that they should boycott the 6 to 5 blackjack games. Most of the Vegas properties have made the game unplayable, used to never see 8 deck shoes there, no doubling down after split pairs on single deck. Terrible blackjack games. If enough people stop playing these highly unfavorable bj games they will revert back to the old rules. The South Point has double deck, 3 to 2 on bj, dbl after splits, $5 minimum. Look around and find the better games, don't let the casinos get away with changing the rules so they can take your money faster. Hope this review helps, plz e-mail if u have any questions regarding your Vegas trip. I visit there 3 to 4 times yearly, play poker, Blackjack, some slots (only when bored, lol).	
Aug 29 2009 	Great hotel in Classic Las Vegas style!	Just got back from Vegas and I was happy to have picked this hotel. The room was clean and comfortable, with no discernable noise at night from the street or neighbors- the soundproofing must be of good quality. I was in the south tower, as I had requested a nonsmoking room. It was a bit of a hike to the room (as it is farthest away from Fremont street) but I didnt mind as I am in good shape. People who are not may find it a pain. I would typically out to do an activity in the morning when it was somewhat cooler and be back at the hotel in the early afternoon to relax and have a nap before going out in the evening, so , I really apperciated the soundproofing! The pool area is great, and I didnt have a problem getting a chair. The hot tub area is open late, and it was great to relax with a cigar and drink at the end of the day here. The Duece bus would leave every 15 mins or so from the south end of Fremont st. and take you anywhere you wanted to go on the strip. The $15 three day unlimited pass is the best value- as it also is good for any other bus in the city. There are connections to go to the outlet malls, convention centrers, etc. The bus drivers were friendly and helpful about answering questions. A tip about shopping- I was planning to go to the outlet mall but found more than enough to buy at one store- The ROSS dress for less on the strip beside the Rivera hotel. Get there in the morning at 930 for the best selection. I am male and not usually a power shopper, but I make an exception here- I bought 5 pairs of shoes, 6 ties, 5 shirts, etc, etc at 10-20% of retail, and all designer brands. Its hard to argue when a Ralph Lauren silk tie is $7.99. the bus stops in front of the Slots a fun and the Ross store is across the street and a little south. I don't gamble so I can't comment on that. What I can recommend is a couple of other things I went to- The atomic testing museum, West on flamingo from the strip, reachable by bus after a transfer. It was well worth the $12 admission, and uncrowded. I also took a bus west of the strip on tropicana to get to The Gun Store- an indoor shooting range and retail store. Here you can get to target shoot almost any gun- from pistols to fully automatic machine guns. I chose the WW2 package ($99.95) and was pleased with the opportunity to try the .45 automatic, the Thompson smg, and the Mp-40. There was a M-16 painted pink for the ladies. Even children can get in on the shootin, supervised by their parents. the staff were very helpful and patient! The Liberace museum was also on the way there, if you would like to take that in as well. There is a lot of good food deals around the fremont street area, and the Tuesday and Friday all you can eat seafood buffet at the Fremont hotel is not to be missed. The Golden Gate hotel has the best shrimp cocktail for $1.99. I agree with what a previous reviewer said about the Fremont area being cleaner and freindlier than the main strip- most folks there are just out to have fun. some of the live bands (nightly) and street artists are very talented. There are also many shops selling every cheesy LV souvenir you can imagine- but most of them also sell cold beer so that makes up for it! I would recommend the Golden Nugget and dont mind answering other questions. Enjoy your holiday here!	
Aug 28 2009	Only place to stay if in Downtown/Strip	If you must stay in Downtown, book the North tower even at the extra added cost. Very LARGE flat screen TV and large room. Very comfy bed. Stayed in the South tower last year, and had to change rooms twice due to a leaking ceiling and floor. UGH. Had it not been for our stay in the North tower, I don't think I would have ever gone back.The Italian restaurant here is W-O-N-D-E-R-F-U-L. Pasta was home made and food was very close to what we had in Italy. We only chose this place because we were too lazy to drive into town. What a surprise this was!Good location next to the Premium Outlet mall.	
Aug 27 2009 	Golden Nugget best value in downtown Las Vegas	The Golden Nugget is the best value for your money in downtown Las Vegas because you get a 4 star hotel with a reasonable price. We stayed their for a seminar. They offer a VIP check-in for an additional $20. It is well worth it because you do not have to wait in long check in or check out lines. You just go to the VIP room around the corner from the check in desk. They have some cheese, fruit, crackers, and bags of nuts offered while checking in and out. The rooms are nice. They have a great pool with jaquzzi's, a water slide and a large shark tank with sharks and fish swimming in the middle of the pool. They have many choices of restaurants, a good nite club with a balcony over looking the downtown walkway and have two Starbuck's inside.If you are on a budget walk over to the Plaza hotel where they have Mc Donald's, Subway, and a reasonably priced buffet. A great buffet with lots of variety and good food, desserts, and drinks included is around the corner at the Main Street station casino. The price is resonable for what all you get. If you want to save on a beer or two walk over to the ABC market towards the Plaza casino. At the Gold Spike they have shrimp cocktails for $1.99 or if get a players card there then the shrimp cock tails are 99 cents. I did not eat at the Golden Nugget buffet so I can not comment on it.It was a great stay. I would recommend the Golden Nugget to my friends if they are going to stay downtown. It's especially good if you don't have a car because of it's location and if you want to go to the strip you can take a bus for $3 each way.	
Aug 23 2009 	Good hotel 	Stayed here for one night, as hotels on the Strip are quite expensive on Saturday nights, and found a good deal through Hotwire for only $84 ex tax. Checkin line looked long, but it only took us 10 minutes to check in. Room was of good size, with a nice flatscreen. Pool is great, but very busy, and there is not much shadow, We ate in one of the many hotel restaurants and food and service was fine. Enjoyed the fremont street experience, which is litterally just outside the hotel. Would come back, but not for more than one night, as there is not much to do in the direct vicinity, and I prefer being on the strip.	
Aug 20 2009 	Fun Hotel	This hotel was clean and comfortable. The pool is fantastic, my kids loved the shark tank. We stayed in the south tower and the room was pretty standard. We found a shower cap wrapped over the smoke detector in the room. The previous occupant probably did not want to get busted for smoking in a non-smoking room. There was a slight odor of smoke, but you expect that in Vegas and we didn't complain about it.	
Aug 20 2009 	Very good value for the money but not perfect	Stayed here with a group of friends for the 3rd time in the past 3 years. Location is not bad, we loved being inside the Fremont Street Experience. Value wis fantastic, our room started from 39.99, we also got a coupon book for free with buffet, drinks and gaming discounts. Rooms in the south tower are nothing luxurious but still nice, clean and spacious considering the price. No refrigerator though. High-speed internet is 12.99$ per day, which sounds ridiculous as now most 1-star hotels give it for free. Pool with shark tank is the real gem, don't miss the waterslide. But we had hard times to get free chairs, it was crowded the whole day. Construction of a new tower is ongoing, I hope they build a new pool as well, otherwise this place is going to be as crazy as sidewalks on the Strip at night!	
Aug 18 2009 	Fun Spa Tower Suite Stay	After seeing video of this suite on Expedia, I have always really wanted to stay here. The look of it just evoked fun old Vegas cheesy luxury to me! And our suite ended up looking exactly like the video, very nice. The spa tower suite is about 1200 sq feet, has two story windows, with views either overlooking the pool or Fremont Street. The room feels even more spacious because of the huge windows and two open floors. All the drapes work electronically, very cool. There's also a large bar area with a coffee maker and an empty fridge, a nice perk in Vegas. The upstairs bathroom is huge and has a steam shower and big, very comfortable whirlpool bath, a separate w/c with toilet and bidet, a vanity area, a tv over the sinks. There are even mirrors over the king bed, which I tried very hard to avoid looking up at !The room is very clean and well maintained; my only small quibble with the room is that there is an industrial type of brown carpet that covers the stairs and entire upstairs, including bathroom. Sorta detracts from the overall luxury feel the room's going for, but that's minor.Check in is in the Vip area, a nice touch; I found the desk clerk a bit cold, though polite. Would I stay in this room again? Probably, I do enjoy the strip more, but the GN is a good hotel, and the spa tower room is great for a special occasion if you find it for under $300 a night.	
Aug 18 2009 	Really Enjoyed Our Stay	We've been to Vegas many times, typically staying on the strip. A few things have gotten old about it - the litter, the crowds at night, and the bad gaming odds at strip casinos. We spent a night of our last trip at the Golden Nugget to give downtown a try. This time we spent all three nights (Fri-Sun) there. After this trip, we're sold on downtown. We had a south tower room, which was spotless, had a 42 inch flat-screen TV and a very comfortable king mattress. The hotel was full according to the desk clerk, but the soundproofing between rooms seemed very good. While we saw our neighbors in the hallway, we never heard them. Yes, the bathrooms are small by strip standards, but there is a make-up desk and mirror just outside the bathroom. The shower head was excellent (one of those &quot;rain&quot; types) and the towels plush. We didn't try the restaurants, but had the lunch buffet one day and breakfast buffet another. No buffet is gourmet, but the food selections and quality were more than adequate and the buffet dining room is pleasant.The pool is a big attraction, but is too small and crowded for actual swimming (it's best for just taking a dip and looking into the aquarium). We didn't have much difficulty finding a couple of lounge chairs. It only took a couple of minutes of &quot;cruising&quot; to find someone who was leaving. They chaises are close together, but very comfortable. Much of the area is shaded at times by the buildings, but to us that's a plus since it's still plenty hot and prevents sunburn. Every staff member we encountered in our stay was pleasant and helpful. We did pay the extra $20 for VIP check-in, which I think was worth it since it was a busy weekend and we wanted to be assured of getting the room type we requested and not having a long wait in line. We checked in about 10:00 Friday morning, and the two woman at the VIP desk gave us a room immediately without our having to ask if that was possible so early. When we checked out Monday there was a line at the main area, but we got helped immediately in the VIP room. I'd do it in the future if coming on a weekend. If anyone at the Golden Nugget reads these reviews, I do have one question - what are you going to do about the pool area when your new building opens? It may be genuinely overcrowded at that point. A plug for downtown in general - we were amazed by the almost total lack of trash compared to the strip. Even off of Fremont street in the neighboring blocks to the north, it was clear that street cleaning is a high priority. Also, there are none of those obnoxious people passing out the girly cards that are everywhere on the strip. Must be something different about city vs. Clark County (where the strip is) rules. Also, the entertainment downtown was outstanding. Major props to the downtown association or whoever it is that puts on the events. The Woodstock Tribute Weekend bands were all excellent. I think some might be better than the original bands they covered (&quot;Jimi Hendrix&quot;, &quot;Janis Joplin&quot;, and &quot;Joe Cocker&quot; were fantastic). The crowds were ample and the mood very festive. I was also surprised and pleased with demographic of the downtown crowd. I expected old and downbeat, but actually it was pretty much the same mix as the strip. Very few visible &quot;bums&quot; either. Throw in that the gaming odds are much better in most downtown hotels, food deals are still plentiful, and it's easy to walk around with the shade and width of Fremont Street. We thought we'd spend at least part of our visit going up to the strip, but we ended up only leaving downtown once. We're no longer into the nightclub scene, but I'd say that is one area where the strip holds a real edge. We'll look first to downtown and the Golden Nugget for our future stays.	
Aug 17 2009 	Absolutely thrilled with this hotel and all of its services	My husband and I just got back from a 4 night stay at the Golden Nugget. We were so happy with this hotel. Last time we were in Vegas we stayed at the Rio, which I love, but wanted to save a bit of money and decided to stay downtown. The G.N. is the nicest hotel in the downtown area. The pool was beautiful!! Except that the sun goes behind the hotel from noonish to 2ish. Which is a long time when you are trying to get a tan!! I loved the restaurants....especially the Grotto. Very nice and a great change from the diner type dinners. I wasn't that thrilled with the buffet at the G.N. but it was relatively cheap and the food was good. Just not a lot of variety. Our room was very nice. We were in the south tower but managed to get on of the updated rooms with the new bedding and flat screen t.v. I totally recommend this hotel if you are looking for R&amp;R during the day and great nightlife in the evening hours!	
Aug 16 2009 	Its exactly what you want in Vegas	Spent a long weekend here with friends in April. They offer really good cheap rooms knowing that once they have you onsite they will make the profit on gambling. So you can expect good quality clean rooms.The only problem is that you are downtown and it takes ages to get to the New Vegas Strip because the traffic gets sso bad, but thats not really this hotels fault..Also the swimming pool is great!	
Aug 15 2009 	Spacious and Comfortable for a downtown hotel	They have been doing alot of renovations at the Golden Nugget, and it shows. We stayed in the North Tower that has recently been remodeled, and the room was a slice of heaven. Check-in was very quick, the front desk staff was extremely friendly and accomodating, and the room was spacious and clean. Since I was traveling with my 6 year old son, I chose a hotel that had attractions for children, and the pool area with the tube slide that goes through the shark aquarium was better than expected. The hotel is right on fremont street, the restaurants are top-notch, and they offer free valet. The only disappointments for my family were the lack of TV channels (my husband stayed in with my son at night), and the cost of high-speed internet ($12). But, all in all, it was a fantastic place to stay!	
Aug 12 2009 	Went for the pool enjoyed the food Poker room and slots (as well as the pool!)	We decided since we wanted to go to Las Vegas when it was incredibly hot (July), we would base our trip around Pools. Golden Nugget is a hotel that we have always wanted to stay at, so we were happy to check it out!We arrived and got checked in (there was a fairly regular stream of people coming in to check in) about 20 people in front of us. Check in was quick, and our wonderful check in agent upgraded us without us asking! We got a very nice room (not sure if they are all like this room, but it had a lot of space, king bed, robes, a couple chairs and writing table.) She offered us a room overlooking the pool which I would have loved to take, but it only had double beds in it and DH is too tall, needs either a queen or king! We overlooked the canopy (we weren't really there for the view though)DH played poker and said the GN room was one of his faves. I found a WOO slot and kept myself occupied for a couple hours :)We found a resteraunt that overlooked the pool (I cannot remember the name of it) but we split a pizza that was really great.We went out to the pool once it cooled down. There were many lounges available all over the place, they have really done a great job of ensuring they have provided as many as they can. They have round bed loungers, regular loungers and couches under a roof cover as well. You can also go to the second floor and sit on the loungers as long as they are not in the private cabanas. I did not check to see if there were loungers on the third floor. We did however stand in a LONG lineup to get on the slide. We did the slide once, it went SO quickly, that we decided not to stand in line again for it as fun and unique as it was.We spent most of our time in the pool under the covered side staring at the sharks, using our underwater camera to get some great video and pics. I will eventually post them. There is a bar as well as a hot tub around the pool, we came out later on at night to check the pool area out after dark and were surprised to see so many people out there, in the hot tub and having drinks at the bar out there. I will absolutely stay downtown again at the Golden Nugget. We really liked the room as well as the vibe of the casino. Service all around was nice and seemed genuine, right down to the doorman.When we woke up on check out day, there was a note slipped under the door offering us an extra nights stay for $40 the next night. If we didn't have a room rented at the Monte Carlo, we would have absolutely taken them up on their offer!	
Aug 12 2009 	tank with sharks... awesome!	I've been in Las Vegas so many occasions and every time is a different experience. This one of course caught my attention because of the great renovation the Golden Nugget had recently. Even though The Golden Nugget was built in 1946, the hotel provides the best customer service and the pool with a huge tank with sharks is a priceless attraction. We arrived very early in the morning thinking that they might not have our room ready but Carmen at the front desk was absolutely phenomenal letting us to check in super early. We liked the room but we wanted to have a room with a pool view. We moved rooms later on. the room had a nice view of the pool, at night, the lights make this a magical illusion. The room was clean and the bed very comfortable. Buffet in the hotel is absolutely the best so far I ever tried in Vegas. Employees are very attentive and polite, every time we were passing by the corridors or the elevators they stopped their chores to smile and ask if everything was ok. The music that was playing at the pool invited to stay longer and the drinks that are prepared there are really tasty. The Golden Nugget is a truly golden treasure, definitely I'll recommend this place!	
Aug 11 2009 	I like this hotel.	I liked the size of our room in the south tower (nice and big). Beds are extremely comfortable. Great T.V. set in the room, not like the old box style most hotels still have. Only a couple downsides I found.. The pool was very busy and probably a bit small for the number of guests that stay at the hotel. We found it very hard to get a pool chair in the mid afternoon, in short too many people not enough pool. I was also a little turned off by the young children eating plates of nachos while in the hot tub, pretty gross seeing bits of food falling into the water (clearly no parents in sight). I would recommend to the older childless traveler to visit Vegas outside of the summer holiday period.	
Aug 11 2009 	So Super!!!	Before I left i read alot of bad review and was scared to death when i got there!!! Everyone was beyond wrong!! The hotel was very nice I had a room in the so called horrible south tower my room was large ang very clean. We had such a great time downtown the streets where clean and all casinos nice. We took pack duece to the down right dreadful strip there was construction everywhere and the streets were covered in those porn cards!!! After we saw some drunk girls getting arrested at 2pm we got right back downtown!! GIve old vegas a chance I loved it	
Aug 9 2009 	Very 3 Star	Been there! Done that! Will choose to stay elsewhere next time...We were assigned a room (1781?) with two beds in the South Tower. The room size was large, beds were comfortable, sadly I discovered a big tear in the top sheet, there was no bathroom floor rug available, the TV was covered in fingerprints and dirty marks, so too was the tissue box cover, the coffee maker was unclean, there was used gum on the air-conditioner unit. Each morning we were awoken early by doors slamming, loud voices and the squeal of cart-wheels - yes the housekeeping staff were starting their day just outside the room! We loved the pool. Loved the shark tank and loved the hot-tub. We'll stay elsewhere next time.	
Aug 7 2009 	FANTASTIC	This was my first visit to Las Vegas and my first stay at the Golden Nugget hotel. It was the best hotel experience! The rooms were nice and clean. The staff were friendly and courteous, and there was never a dull moment in the hotel. The pool was fantastic, and clean also... the kids loved it. They also loved the Freemont Street experience. Always something fun happening with a nice family atmosphere around. I will definitely recommend the Golden Nugget to anyone who asks and I will be returning in the future! Keep up the good work Golden Nugget!!! : )	
Aug 6 2009 	Great room beautiful hotel perfect location cruddy pool	I loved the Golden Nugget. The hotel was beautiful and had the feel of one of the Italian hotels on the strip. Everything was freshly done and clean. The rooms were beautiful and reminded me of the Venetian, which was surprising considering the Golden Nugget's prices were about a quarter of the Venetian's. The casino was nice, had nightly live entertainment and a nice selection of restaurants.The real plus of this hotel is its location. If you've never stayed on Fremont Street before, take a few nights and stay there. We split our trip between there and the strip and thoroughly enjoyed Fremont Street's tacky glory. There are two small, hideous casinos nearby that give you free Mardi Gras beads every time you walk in and bring you so many free drinks you won't be able to walk when you leave. Plus they have 99 cent twinkies!The only thing I didn't like about the Golden Nugget was the pool. Most of it is taken up by a giant fish tank and the tank casts a shadow over a majority of the remaining space. The water is cold. The chairs are nice if you can find one. There were a lot of crazy drunks galavanting around, which was partly annoying, partly hilarious. Plus, people take a magazine, towel or anything they can find out at like 7 a.m. to mark their chairs for the day and don't come back to use them until 2 which is really annoying.	
Aug 5 2009 	What a disappointment	I have stayed at the Golden Nugget several times and it was my parents 50th Wedding Anniversary and they wanted to stay there so I booked a package and off we went. From the time we walked into the Golden nugget we were treated terribly..from the front desk, to the person holding our luggage until our rooms were ready. We were suppose to have North tower we got south tower which are a disappointed over the north tower rooms. My parents had no blow dryer, it had been ripped off the wall and during our 5 day stay they did not get another one. I talked to the manager and he apologized but that was it! I will never, ever stay there again. it doesn't take to much to please me but rude associates at the hotel I have no tolerance for and it was an embarrsement since this was a celebration for my parents. Too many places to stay Golden Nugget..the Queen's rooms are nicer then your south tower and the people are so much more friendly, food is better and service out shines you by 100%. Shame on Golden Nugget for treating their guest this way and not attempting to make it better.	
Aug 4 2009 	second stay in a month!	I stayed for three nights Jul 27~Jul30. This was my second stay here at the GN in 4 weeks. Once again the staff and general vibe of the guests was very upbeat. The Fremont Street Experience was as always cool. the pool scene was very busy. I have to say that my vacation part II was just as great as the one in June. I plan on returning in the next 2 months! The price is right and the locatiion is a little more mature.	
Aug 4 2009 	I'd definitely go again 	A group of ladies were celebrating a bday in Vegas. I made my reservation too late and didn't want to spend $$$ on the strip so opted for the Golden Nugget as it was so much more affordable that weekend ($60/nite). I have only stayed in suites on the strip and last year got married at Mandalay so I was unsure of staying downtown....I was more than pleasantly surprised. Got a south tower room (perhaps room 22111) with a beautiful view, it was clean, bed comfy, big huge flat screen, and 2 robes were in the closet. I loved the pool (the pics advertised made it look alot bigger, but every casino markets this way), loved the sharks and slide. We had tequila shots from ice blocks and cocktails poolside at great prices - $7 pina colada! For breakfast we wandered down fremont to Fitzgerald's and had $2 breakfast plates - and it was tasty! I remember seeing some $2 blackjack tables somewhere around there (might've been 4 queens). The place didn't reek of cigarette smoke like some casinos and the staff was mostly attentive. We hit up Gold Diggers night club and weren't all that impressed but the balcony view of Fremont is pretty cool. Good place for people watching!If I doing Ladies Weekend again, probably wont stay here because the good clubs are $20 cab rides away, so the money I tried to save staying at the Nugget I ended up spending in transportation.For a quick Husband Weekend I'd definitely stay there! Hubby doesnt drink and he'd happily designated drive me anywhere. He is like a kid when it comes to cool pools and he loves cheep gambling. I think a family might have a good time here too... although cant be certain as I do not have children nor any experience with them.I loved the place... I'm easy to please, just need a good pool on a hot Vegas day!	
Aug 3 2009 	Fantastic	We stayed her for 4 nights On booking this hotel I didn't realise it was downdown on Freemont street&gt; But the location was fantastic a real Gem of a place . After a pleasant flight with BMI &amp; delta Airlines we arrived to find we had been upgraded to a suite. ( only for the night )well what can I say it was like something from the the 20's it was pure bliss 2 floors of art deco furniture &amp; decor a Lcd in the bathroom with a whirl pool bath a sauna in the shower room a dressing area mirrors on the ceiling electronic curtains for the huge windows . my hubby &amp; I where in heaven.But did'nt we have a bump back to earth the next 3 nights in a standard room but you only need that to sllep and get showered. We loved the hotel the casino area was spot on real good staff in all areas of the hotel we loved it . We are planning another trip to Vegas &amp; are considering staying there again. It is a excellent hotel would definetly stay againx	
Aug 3 2009 	Lovely Stay	We just returned from our stay in Las Vegas on August 1, 2009. We selected the Gold Nugget because it was away from the strip and appeared to cater to an older crowd We were not disappointed, Our room was very nice for our needs. We had a king bed in a room in the south tower. It was quiet when we returned to it each evening (no loud noises from other rooms, no rowdiness in the hallways). We also checked in during the week (on Wednesday), so there were no lines and no big crowds. The process was very smooth. We decided to elope to Vegas and the Golden Nugget was in close proximity to the marriage license bureau and to the chapel we selected. We also wanted to experience a abit of the old Vegas. We did venture to the strip one day and went into sveral of the hotels and casinos but were glad to return to the Golden Nugget.We enjoyed the breakfast buffet the most. We also dined at Vic &amp; Anthony's for our wedding dinner (they staff was great, ask for Annette, she was a top notch server). If we return to Vegas on our 1st anniversary this is where we will stay. Just beware of the slghtly annoying timeshare people who are positioned by the elevators. Just say not interested politely and keep moving. I have run into them in Florida and Mexico and I just keep moving then they don't bother to approach me anymore!Hope this review was helpful.	
Aug 3 2009 	Will stay again in the middle of all the action.	Second stay at the Nugget - with a friend for four nights in July. Tired of long walks and high prices on strip so stayed on Freemont St. Large clean room but didn't spend much time there!. Pool area is excellent - poolside bar, great attentive waitresses and five pool side Black Jack tables with beautiful dealers and five dollar minimum. Spent hours there! At night all other casinos are close by. Many options for cheap beer , Black Jack, poker and entertainment. Had a great dinner buffet at the Nugget and several late night snacks at the 24hr. Cafe. Good food and cheap. Also try the buffet at the Freemont and dinner in Magnolias at Four Queens, a must stop for a good sit-down meal. G.N. is the best spot in downtown and will stay again. Only downs were terrible water pressure in shower and those annoying timeshare people. Head to Downtown where the regular folks hang out with bargains all over.	
Jul 31 2009 	Best Place to Stay in Downtown Vegas	My wife and I have been to Las Vegas several times but always stayed on the strip. We wanted try something new so we decided to stay at the Nugget. We both loved the place! It was much, much nicer than expected and could easily fit in on the strip. Our room was extremely clean and newly furnished. The hotel pool with aquarium was very unique and a great place to relax. The Night Club played great music and all the people were friendly. I cannot say enough good things about the Golden Nugget. If you are a Vegas fanatic and are looking for something different from the strip, I highly recommend staying downtown at the Golden Nugget. You will not be disappointed.	
Jul 29 2009 	Wow- Hidden Gem and a perfect way to end the trip to Vegas	We started out on the strip for 4 nights and then ended up at the Golden Nugget for the last 3 nights of our stay. The hotel room was amazing. The Front Desk Staff were super accomodating for us checking in early in the morning. The Bell staff gave us some amazing recommendations of things to do around the Old Vegas and places to eat. The Pool was nice but the people serving food and beverages at the pool were few and far between so its better to get up and get your own food and drinks. The only annoying thing was those time share people near the rear door by starbucks.....it is a great location on freemont street and the staff make it a real gem. Housekeeping staff were amazing and super friendly. Cant wait to come back to relax again.	
Jul 29 2009 	Well Done!	My husband and I stayed here on 25-26 July 2009. The room was very, very nice. Check in was supposed to be at 2:00 p.m. but we arrived at 11:30 a.m. and we checked in with no problem. We only ate one meal at the GN. We had lunch there when we arrived. We ate in the Carson Cafe. I had a grilled chicken sandwich. It was pretty good. The chicken breast was huge. My husband had a cheese omelet and he was not overly impressed. I loved the pool! My only complaint is if you want a chaise lounge, GET THERE EARLY!!!! The first day I got there at 1:30--they were all taken. The second day I got there at 11:00--they were all taken. The second day they found glass in the pool, so they closed the pool at 1:00 and it didn't reopen till the next morning. It would happen on the hottest, most humid day! But I got two hours of swimming in. I'm from Nebraska and bars and restaurants are all non-smoking so the smoke really bothered me. But I know they'll never ban smoking in Vegas. The Fremont Experience is a must-see! When I saw it lit up at night it was just SO VEGAS!! All in all, an amazing experience. Willl return to the Golden Nugget.	
Jul 28 2009 	Best downtown hotel	The Golden Nugget provided a terrific vacation hotel for my wife and me, but there were a few drawbacks: the A/C in the room was marginal, the room had some minor maintenance problems when we arrived, and the pool area is not open long enough during the day (10 am to 8 pm).  Despite the drawbacks, the Golden Nugget had far more positives attributes. Those included: extremely comfortable bed, surprisingly quiet rooms, fantastic location, best race and sportsbook downtown, excellent staff, very cool pool area, great restaurants. Overall, if you want to stay downtown in Las Vegas (and I think if you are a real gambler, you should), the Golden Nugget is the best place for you!	
Jul 26 2009	Underwhelmed with the Golden Nugget Las Vegas	I have to say I was underwhelmed with my stay at the Golden Nugget in downtown Las Vegas. I had booked a non-smoking room and was given a smoking room. It took 15-20 minutes to get that changed. Then the room I was moved to was what I believe to be the one they save for emergencies. The light over the tub didn't work, the a/c was awful, and the door didn't close tightly unless you slammed it. We had the a/c set on 60 trying to cool off the room and it never got below 78 or 80 in there. It was miserable. And having to slam the door to get it to close was just ridiculous. The room was clean, but nothing to write home about. We had just stayed at Bally's for 2 nights and the room there was nicer, bigger, AND cheaper. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. I will play at the casino but I probably won't stay at the hotel again.	
Jul 25 2009 	Felt like a queen in their room	I had never stayed downtown, having always stayed on the strip in the past, but this time, for the great rate of $52 a night plus some free extras, we decided to go for it. What a great hotel! I was so impressed by it! The hotel is very well maintained and elegant. There is a fabulous swimming pool with a water slide that you can see through and watch as people come down. The swimming pool has waterfalls you can drench youself with. The room was large and very posh. Ornate curtains hang at the window and over the bed. I felt like I was in a room fit for a queen. In addition to the splendid accommodations, we were right on Freemont Street where at night they had a 60's street party. Lights and music everywhere, and we all joined together under the canopy and enjoyed the ambiance. Have a great time and go to the Golden Nugget! I'm a frequent Vegas visitor, and I know I'd stay at the Golden Nugget again!	
Jul 24 2009 	Good deal!	The only two things to talk about concerning &quot;Golden Nugget&quot; is at first (of course) the location - it is located in Casino Center, not on the strip. If you ask me, it's better - the crowd is ok, not too big. The second thing is the pool - it's just too small fpor the crowd, and it's surrounded by high buildings, nothing for claustrophobic and paranoid people. Everything else ist great there for a stay in Vegas. Highly recommendable!	
Jul 24 2009 	Nice...real gamblers should ALWAYS stay Downtown not the Strip!	First off, if your primary reason for coming to Vegas is to gamble, it's foolish to stay anywhere BUT Downtown in the Fremont Street area. I want to be absolutely clear to anyone who is trying to decided between the Strip and Downtown. The big boys on the Strip have decided to fight the recession by gouging you at the tables. All of the hotel/casinos I visited that are part of Harrahs, and all of the the ones owned by MGM/Mirage DON'T OFFER REAL BLACKJACK AT A REAL PRICE! Take note of that. ALL of the blackjack tables on the Strip that I visited now only pay 6:5 on a blackjack hand, as opposed to the REAL blackjack, which SHOULD pay 3:2. This raises the house advantage pretty substantially. I'm hoping you won't be like the rest of the dopes at these casinos throwing their money away obliviously, thinking they're playing blackjack: they ain't. 'Nuff said!Now, as for the Golden Nugget...this was my first time staying there, having snagged a deal months beforehand on Continental Vacations. We usually stay next door at Four Queens. Usually the Four Queens is cheaper, but not this time. The Golden Nugget has a reputation of being the &quot;Wynn&quot; of Downtown. (The Nugget was Wynn's first casino.)The hotel was nice, but not really much nicer than the Four Queens. And it's much bigger, and the layout and distance from different areas will require your walking shoes. The room was old, but clean and well-kept. The televisions in the South Tower, where we stayed, were older; not really acceptable at this level. The beds were comfortable and the room was fairly large. Oddly, there is no mini-fridge, and housekeeping never gave us shower floor towels. The room, though, was quiet, service was good, and the A/C (so vitally important in this sauna of a climate) worked well.I am an avid runner, and wanted to use the workout facilities. The spa/workout room was nice, but it will cost you a &quot;nominal&quot; $20 to use them...per day. I hate that.Very cool pool area, with a circular pool and water slide that surrounds (and the slide goes through) a shark-infested aquarium. The bottom line is that the Golden Nugget is nice, but I personally wouldn't pay more for it if the Four Queens was cheaper, as it usually is. That said, Golden Nugget should please most people.	
Jul 24 2009 	More than we expected - The secret it out!	My husband and I stayed at the Golden Nugget for a week, we loved it. The reviews looked great but the rating was not a 5, we wonder why not after staying there. Last year we stayed in Vegas in Henderson and scoped out the strip but never had time to get to the Fremont area. The strip is great, don't get me wrong...if you love to walk and walk and walk...to much busy-ness there, it's ok for an evening outing or two. BUT Fremont and especially the Golden Nugget were by far one of the nicest places we have stayed this past year. We spent apprx 60 nights a year in various hotel rooms and travelled cross-country this year and can't wait to go back next year, to the Golden Nugget for sure. The staff are awesome, extremely helpful and recall conversations that we had over the week. The desk clerk Laura was wonderful, she was extremely attentive and helpful. The housekeeping staff were also helpful and remembered our names whenever we strolled down the hall. Please don't forget to tip housekeeping, they work hard, we recommend $5 min per night. The bar-keep was also great, they remembered us each night we were there. If you want hussle-bussle and those extremely large hotels where we are sure &quot;no one will remember your name&quot; then go to the Strip...otherwise, head to a beautiful landmark, the Golden Nugget where &quot;everyone will remember your name!&quot; Cheers!P.S. They renovated the hotel and are in the midst of adding another tower, the rooms are absolutely beautifu/luxurious. Trust us, the pictures on their web-site don't do them justice, they are even nicer in person! BOOK IT NOW, stop looking!	
Jul 23 2009 	A fun place to stay in the middle of the action	We stayed in the cheapest rooms available and they were actually very nice. (Be aware there is a $20pp charge for more than 2 people in a room.) Pool area is really fun but closes too early. 8pm. Enjoyed the fish, but felt kind of sorry for them...seems like the tank is too small. Appreciated the fact there were several lifeguards around the pool helping to keep an eye on my kids.	
Jul 23 2009 	Golden Nugget – A pleasant surprise for our family vacation	We reserved rooms at the Golden Nugget to start our western family vacation, and were pleasantly surprised and very pleased with our stay.Our rooms were in the south tower, and were the lowest cost room type available when we booked. They were recently renovated, in very good condition, and included flat-panel LCD TV, an air conditioner that left our room well cooled on one of this summer’s hottest days, a low table at the entry with a make-up mirror, and two very comfortable beds. For business travelers, there is no desk or other adequate workspace, but there is cabled and wireless HSIA available at $12.99 per day. Owing to its status as an older hotel, the guest room bathrooms are well-appointed, but small.While the room rate was shown as $50 per night, when we called to make reservations, it quickly escalated to more than $75 once we told the reservationist that our seven year old child would be with us – and – we elected to pay an extra $20 charge in order to be able to skip long check-in and check-out lines and work through the VIP lounge instead. But, given the length of lines we saw when we arrived, it was $20 well spent.Food and beverage was good, too. The Casino Café served standard fare (steaks, burgers, sandwiches, pasta) and service was prompt. We didn’t try the other restaurants, but they were very busy and seemed fine.The treat for our family was the pool area and water slide/tube through the shark tank. The kids loved it, and made a dozen trips through the tube during our afternoon there. There is no cost for doing the shark tube slide, and even on a busy day, the maximum wait was about 10 minutes. The pool area itself is very small – grab a chair early if you plan to use it that day. The H2O bar area is nice, but not over the top.Another treat at the Golden Nugget is the pool-side Blackjack tables. For evening entertainment, the Fremont Experience outside the hotels in that section of downtown Las Vegas is cheesy but entertaining.Parking was free for hotel guests in a deck behind the rear of the hotel.Overall, we’d recommend this hotel as a lower-cost alternative for a pleasure stay in Las Vegas, and we commend the Golden Nugget for all they’re doing to keep the hotel fresh and the downtown casino environment alive.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great location in the middle of everything	The hotel was better expected from what i had been reading on trip advisor. The pool was great but overly crowded at times. Only complaint was too many hookers walking around. Would stay here again but not for the whole trip. 5 nights was too much.	
Jul 19 2009 	No complaints here!	Just got back from several days in Vegas with the teens. Stayed one night at the Golden Nugget in the South tower to get a feel for downtown before moving to the Mandalay Bay. Check in was a breeze and in retrospect we should have been much more appreciative of not having to wait for elevators. (We had to wait in line for elevators at the Mandalay Bay!) Our adjoining rooms faced the parking garage, but who cares? The room was clean and comfortable and we got a good night's rest. We paid $52 per night (made the reservations the night before) and we got a coupon book that we used for half price breakfast and lunch buffets. The evening Fremont Experience was right outside our Casino door so we spent an hour or two there in the evening. The kids got to the pool at 10 AM when it opened and enjoyed the slide and sharks until check out time. No complaints here!	
Jul 18 2009 	MAY stay again	This was our second stay at the Nugget. First time 5 or 6 years ago was perfect in every way (except for the tight slots, which are even tighter now but hubby did fairly well on the blackjack tables). We've stayed at the Mirage as well as MGM. Arrived Sunday evening July 12 about 6 and faced a long line for check-in. Soon as we got to the desk we were told we should have gone to VIP check-in. DUH! I had forgotten that fact. We got 2 parlor suites, one for us, smoking, one for our couple friend, non-smoking. We were in the north tower, 2nd floor, friends on 6th floor. We had only a view of the concrete walls between buildings and rows of compressors. First negative was the smell. We've stayed in a lot of smoking rooms but none stunk as bad as this one. I brought my own expensive air freshener which didn't help at all. They should provide some type of decent ventilation. The bathroom fans did absolutely nothing when showering. Pictures online showed a bright cheery room, slightly feminine in decor but both of ours were done in very contemporary, dark tans and browns with minimal lighting and even with curtains opened, it felt like a cave. We had a non-working refrigerator which had 4 warm bottles of water. Maintenance came and inspected it and said they'd try to find a replacement. 10 min. later a tiny little elderly man who couldn't speak English showed up with a luggage rack carrying a really beat up replacement that was half the size of the one in the room. No way could he have lifted it, much less the broken one. We sent him away and soon another maintenance guy shows up and tries to work on it. He gave up after sparks shot out from the bottom and hit his boots! Next day 2 more guys show up with a working replacement.Another complaint was we killed 3 roaches in our room. Not a good sign. The small whirlpool tub had several long dark hairs in it and was so stained I couldn't tell if it was clean or not so only used the shower. I did go down to the VIP lounge to complain and she did offer to move us, but we declined as we were all settled in. She gave me a coupon book for our troubles. Oh boy! $5 discount off $65 Gordie Brown tickets, a free drink with purchase at several clubs and a couple of free desserts with purchase. As another reviewer mentioned, Gordie Brown was ok, but not worth the money. We did have 2 full bathrooms which was nice. Shampoo, conditioner, bar soap and body lotion was provided, no shower gel. We received 4 small bottles of water (complimentary) but they never supplied more. 2 large bottles of Figi water if you wanted to pay $4 each. The bed was very comfortable and was turned down our first nite but we put out the privacy tags after that since the rooms had already been cleaned each day and I'm never comfortable with people in our rooms when we are not there.The dinner buffet was mediocre. There were no cooked vegetable other than mashed potatoes and salads. No green beans, peas, corn, carrots, etc. I asked one of the servers and he said &quot;I'll go down to the warehouse and see what I can find&quot;. Of course, I already had my plate fixed. I went back to check about 10 minutes later and they had about a 3 serving platter with completely undercooked fresh green beans, red bell peppers and hard as a rock carrots. I guess since they were comped, we couldn't complain too much.My husband and our friends had breakfast (I slept in) at the buffet and said it was excellent. The first morning, we orderd room service and my Eggs Benedict were superb. We never ventured into the pool area although we had intended to. It was just too incredibly crowded with young children everywhere. If you do stay downtown (or just go there from the strip) be sure and catch Carl &quot;The Safe Sax&quot; Ferris. He is so great to watch. We've bought 2 of his CD's and they don't disappoint. He plays most nights and takes tips as well as selling his signed CD's.I would still recommend the Nugget hoping others would have the great experience we had the first time. But when making my reservations for our next stay, I will be very specific as to what I expect and will demand another room if it's anything like this last one. I suggest insisting on seeing the room before committing to accepting it.Oh, one other thing: Don't discount the slots at the airport. Our flight was delayed over 2 hours and my husband decided to try the one we'd seen a guy hit big on when we were there last year (stayed at MGM Grand). He ended up hitting a $600 jackpot (put $100 in) after 2 spins and 4 spins later, hit $2700. This was on a dollar machine. The gal that paid him said that was the best paying machine they had. Made the expense of the trip a little easier to swallow!!I would definitely take advantage of their online specials. We got the Parlor suites for $149.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great location terrible service	We stay for 6 nights. It's was our first stay downtown, Golden Nugget does have nice location. The downtown atmosphere was great, free music, cheap eats, walgreens and mcdonalds short walking distance. But the hotel has needs some improvement in terms of service.1. We stay at the South Tower. I know this is the cheapest rooms at the GN, but they could start to renovate the rooms. Ugly curtains, no flat screen TVS, (couldn't connect my iphone to watch movies, i guess they wanted me to pay for movies!), sheets were &quot;Days Inn&quot; types. 2. The maid service. Some times they clean the rooms at 9am, some days at late at 4pm. They was no way to tell when they were going to come. They should have a sign like the cruise ships that says &quot;Please clean the room&quot;. I left the room early mornings i so they could clean it, come back late afternoons to take a nap, they didn't clean it. And they didn't clean it that day. Also they didn't pick up room service trays right away, some were left in hallway for days. 3. Customer Service. I ran into some problems with the safe, security came to fix it. They seem to have attitude problem, and accuse me of breaking it. They fixed it, but they could have bigger safes (yes ive been to other hotels that have bigger safes) Also, I requested a restaurant chair to help me with my disability, but they gave me a hard time. I just wanted a extra chair! 4. Food was expensive, so we ate at other downtown hotels. 5. Swimming pool was okay, but very crowded. With the new tower being build, it 's even gonna be more crowded. Also they didn't check hotel keys, so I guess anyone could use it. 6. Casino was okay, but at times it too smoke smell ...better ventilation is needed.Overall I would consider to stay downtown again but not at this hotel.	
Jul 14 2009 	Excellent service!	We were a little leary about staying somewhere for $39.00 a night. I wanted to see the room first but were assured by valet that we wouldn't be disappointed. I am so glad we stayed. After seeing our room in the North Tower we ran right back downstairs to book 2 more nights and got the third night free!Bed is super comfy! Room service was prompt (food was not so good). Housekeeping is the best! Smelled so clean and fresh every evening when we got back. The pool is fun and crowded. At night pool area turns into a cocktail lounge with really good music and coctail servers. This is our new place to stay in Vegas!	
Jul 11 2009 	Free upgrade!	From the minute we walked in we were sold, although there were a lot of campy people there. Casino looked fine and the new pool (waterslide through the shark tank!!!) looked very cool! We had a free upgrade and the room was very nice and quiet...!	
Jul 11 2009 	Awesome pool great value but.......	Just returned from 3 nights at the Nugget with wife and two kids. Pros: Awesome pool for kids (shark feeding is at 12:30pm every other day), clean, and affordable (we paid $36/nt), two Starbucks in hotel, waitress service at pool was goodCons: Taxi to strip is expensive-- $22 one-way. No kids menus at any of the hotel restaurants and food at hotel was over priced-- food was good but not great. Access to the gym is $20/day. Breakfast buffet ends at 10:30am sharp.Suggestions:Request a room away from the hotel's expansion project or else you will here construction vehicles honking and backing-up early in the morning. Overall nice hotel and would stay there again and would recommend for families. Weekdays are a lot less crowded.	
Jul 9 2009 	Solid Gold at the Nugget!	My spouse and another couple all travelled together to Vegas. It was our first time, there 5th.We had originally booked another hotel earlier, but booked our flights at a later date, which gave us an unanticipated extra night in Vegas. The extra night landed us at the Golden Nugget.We were pleased with everything the minute we stepped into the Nugget. It was very nicely decorated, it was bustling with people, we had a quick and easy check in, plenty of restaurants, casino close by and our rooms were great. The rooms were nice and spacious, clean, well decorated and charming. We also had no troubles parking our rental car.We spent a 1/2 day by the pool. It was darn hot, but we managed to stay cool on the 2nd level under the shade of the palm trees. We also took frequent dips in the pool to cool off. Also it was a must to view the shark/fish tank from in the pool and of course take a fast slide through the tank into the pool. Although the line up for the waterslide looked intimadating it moved quickly. When relaxing on the lounge chair there was a drink service available which we partook in and found the drinks to be reasonably priced considering other places we had been (of course they don't beat the $1 Margherita's on the Strip!)After the pool, my husband and I ate at the Grotto on site. We had a fantastic meal and great service. Our friends ate earlier at the Buffet and said there was lots of variety and they ate well.This casino and the Fremont St area seemed to be our last lucky day for gambling. We had not fared well on the Strip, but Fremont proved for us to be our jackpot (we are by all means not big gamblers, and winning $25 is huge to us!!).Great area to stay in at night witht he entertainment, casino's and old style Vegas Neon lights.We highly recommend staying at the Golden Nugget if Vegas is your choice.	
Jul 8 2009 	Golden Nugget Spa Suites are worth the splurge!	The Golden Nugget is our favorite Las Vegas hotel &amp; casino. We have stayed in every room type available there. The Spa Suites are worth the splurge!! They are also a great value compared to the upscale suites on the strip. We booked our Spa Suite for $239 per night through an email promotion. The suite is about 1500 sq ft. It has 1 1/2 baths, floor to ceiling glass windows, bar with refrigerator &amp; ice maker, 3 flat screen TVs, jetted jacuzzi tub, separate steam shower, bidet &amp; a convenient exterior door in the bedroom chamber upstairs. The casino was our friend during our stay. I like the dealers at the Nugget because they are very personable. The whole atmosphere at the Nugget is what I like the best. It is classy yet laid back &amp; fun.Also...the hot rock massage at the GN Spa is fabulous. And, the rib-eye steak at Vic &amp; Anthony's at the GN is fabulous too. The Gordie Brown show is ok...not the best.I encourage you to sign up for the email promotions if you are interested in staying in a suite at the GN. You can probably get a better deal through a air/hotel package for a standard room.....but the best deals on the Spa Suites &amp; the Parlor Suites are through the email promotions.	
Jul 8 2009 	Wow!	This hotel exceeded me and my families expectations! Beautiful room, bathroom, restaurants and pool! The parking was detached from the hotel which made it a little inconvenient, but not bad. We especially loved the pool. It was gorgeous! The best we've seen. I only wish that the pool was opened to all until 10:00pm. The pool area was so crowded and didn't really have chairs available until 6:30pm - 7:00pm and it closed at 8:00pm. We had so much fun anyway! Also, the hotel is connected to the Fremont Experience street that was the happening &quot;strip&quot; of the downtown area which made it very convenient to shop and hotel hop to gamble or eat. We'll definitely be back!	
Jul 7 2009 	Golden Nugget well yes it is Golden!	We had booked two nights in the Gold Club Rooms and it was everything we expected and had read about, no surprises. Check in was fast and professional in the club room check-in room and the line out front was packed, so far… so good. We went with another couple and they gave us adjoining rooms, they were exactly as portrayed on the web site and were spotlessly clean too. Bed and linens were top notch for a great night sleep, big screen TV, leather couch, great view of the pool and the smart mirror in the bathroom was just too cool. The bottled water, apples and snacks during the day was nice and the coffee in the morning was much needed and appreciated. My wife never ever goes to the pool in Vegas but loved the shark-aquarium tank, yes it was busy but we had a great time. The staff was genuinely friendly, helpful and seemed to be enjoying their jobs. We have stayed at the Bellagio, Wynn, TI suites, Tropicana and The Flamingo and this was just as fine as or finer than all of those. Yes, the hotel is older and the bathroom is small but everything else was first class. My wife did not want to stay downtown because she loves the strip, but I think we found our new home at the Golden Nugget.	
Jul 7 2009 	A classic gem that still needs polishing	My husband and I needed a staycation, so we checked into the Golden Nugget for one night. The hotel itself is lovely, and the staff is courteous and efficient. However, there were some issues. My complaints are as follows:1. Hookers in the casino. If they're obvious to me, they should be obvious to security. They shouldn't be allowed to work the casino floor in so blatant a manner.2. They need to invest in new mattresses. I felt like I was having a Princess and the Pea experience. The mattress in our room was entirely too soft. Not everyone likes to sink all the way to the floor when they lie down.3. Make sure all rooms have a Do Not Disturb sign. We didn't have one in ours, but I didn't think it was necessary. That is, until housekeeping barged in at 8:30 a.m. and woke us up. Ouch. Good thing we were able to check out and drive the three miles to our own house to sleep in comfort.Other than that, the Golden Nugget is a nice location for tourists. Just don't expect to be getting caviar on a bologna budget.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great hotel - great service	I highly recommend this hotel. I had a great time with friends and this is a spectacular hotel.	
Jul 7 2009 	Very Nice Stay	We arrived at the Golden Nugget around 3pm and there was no wait at check in. We asked for a free upgrade and the clerk did try to find one but most of the rooms were sold out due to a Blackjack Tournement that weekend. We had a South Tower room on the 19 floor which had a pretty view and a very comfortable King Bed. The bathroom was nice and the shower had very good water pressure. The time share people near the elevators did try to stop on on several occasions but just tell them you are not interested and they will stop. (you will also get these people at the entrance to the casino on Fremont St as well) Overall the the Golden Nugget was a very nice hotel, we did get the coupon booklet but most coupons are only good Mon-Fri, and of course we stayed on the weekend. We did eat at the Carson St Cafe which was okay. We ate at The Grille on late nights but the people there did not have much personality at all. Casino was fun, but the slots were very tight. I enjoyed playing the blackjack tables there and the dealers were always great. As far as the Fremont St area, the place has a lot of sketchy characters in the area and a lot of people giving you &quot;free&quot; comps (beware of them it is a timeshare). Lightshow was pretty neat as well. I would probably stay on the strip next time, not because of Golden Nugget because it was fabulous there, but the Fremont St area did not impress me much.	
Jul 6 2009 	Tried it once but will not go back again	I have been to Vegas numerous times and usually travel there twice a year, always stay at Main Street Station (see my review) stayed at the GN for 3 nites and then over to the MSS for 4. The price of the room was $49.00 a night plus tax, received a coupon booklet, only used the ones for the buffet. The drink coupons were kind of a joke, as all they gave you was a sampler glass of certain types of beer, and a small mixed drink ( you could not taste any alcohol) the bartender was not very nice. The buffet was good and a value at 2 for 1. Like others have said the pool area is very crowded and it is extremely hard to get a chair. There were a lot of families.You had to a walk a far way to get to the elevator for the south tower and yes those annoying time share people were there bugging everyone, just keep walking! If you walk far away from your spouse they will not bother you.We ended up getting a handicapped washroom (the sink was very small and there was no counter space at all to place anything) there was no fridge in the room and the TV did not always work as there were no signals for the channels. The GN is pretty crowded and it seemed like there was a more younger crowd who like to party ( the MSS is more quiet with a different clinental) the slots were tight, could not even win $5.00 (different story at the MSS, the CAL and Binions) drink service was far and few inbetween, not like Binions (with excellent, super friendly waitresses) and MSS or the CAL.In any event, the GN was clean and the room was pretty nice, but not all that big but for $49.00 a night, who can complain. I just will not stay again, it just was not for me.Any way, that's my 2 cents worth.	
Jul 6 2009 	The best downtown hotel!!!	My husband and I stayed there for our anniversary. I especially enjoyed the spa, it was five star quality service. The casino was cool, clean and I actually won money!!! My husband entered the blackjack tournament...He did not win, but the comped food , drinks and awesome staff made losing alright. The rooms were very nice, clean and comfortable. The staff was always nice, polite and helpful. The restaurants were exquisite, a bit expensive, but worth the price. The Goldiggers club balcony is nice, but the music, atmosphere and overpriced drinks made it difficult to enjoy. Walking up and down Fremont Street was a wonderful experience, the,shops light shows, live music and tribute to Micheal Jackson was unforgettable. We saw the Gordie Brown show and I was not impressed Gordie spent to much time flirting with married women in the audience and his impersonations were not funny. However he does have a nice singing voice. Overall the week I spent there was great.	
Jul 1 2009 	Nice Hotel annoying stay.	I booked a room at the Golden Nugget through Orbitz several months before our trip to Vegas. They were running a special which included somewhat discounted pricing on rooms and included a special bonus booklet including gambling vouchers, meal discounts, free meals etc. Many other hotels were offering great pricing on rooms, but didn't have any special bonuses, so we chose the Nugget. Well, once we arrived and self-parked we were accosted by a desk full of used car salesman types trying to sell us discounted tickets to shows. We told them that we just drove all day and want to just check in. They still tried to sell us tickets and finally we had to be very firm in order to get directions to the check in desk. When we arrived at check in the line was ridiculously long. When I got to the desk the clerk was rude and bossy. I tried to give him my printed confirmation from Orbitz and he said he didn't need to see it in a very brash way. Then what a surprise, we get our keys in a little folder and there is nothing in there except our keys. No booklet w/ specials or vouchers. So we have to go back down from our South Tower room, which required us to walk past the desk of show ticket sales people again - just don't make eye contact with them. When I talked to a different gentleman at check in he said that they had &quot;run out&quot; of the special booklets and all her could offer us was 2 free passes to the buffet and 2 free passes to the spa/sauna. What a ripoff!! The booklet we were supposed to get included over $100 of vouchers and coupons and we get two passes for a $15 buffet (which was not very good at all btw) and passes for the sauna. If I wanted a sauna I could walk outside where it was 112 degrees! I couldn't even use the &quot;spa&quot; passes for any spa services such as massages or manicure/pedicures because it doesn't include that. I asked if we could exchange the spa passes for something else that we would actually use and was told no. I was fuming. We even talked to the host about this and had no success at all. He did nothing for us. They would have been wise to give people gambling vouchers so that we would at least stay in their casino to gamble. We did have fun in the casino, although if you purchase drinks at the bar it was extremely expensive - stick w/ the waitresses. Our room was beautiful, very large and immaculately clean, the bed was so comfortable. Nice bathroom, nice towels. I called housekeeping to come and change our sheets and it was taken care of right away. For some reason the TV got very few channels and the hotel services station would not work, neither would the movie channels. The only downside of our room was that being located in the South Tower meant that everytime we went to and from our room we had to walk by the desk of ticket sales-people. And EVERY time they tried to sell us tickets. It was really annoying!!!! The location was convenient and within walking distance to lots of places on Fremont St. The dinner buffet pretty much stunk. The food was the same quality that I would expect at an Old Country Buffet - Yuck! However, the breakfast buffet was wonderful!!! Everything I had for breakfast was delicious and there were so many choices. The day we were checking out there was a special offer slipped under our door - if we wanted to stay an extra day we could have the room for a discount. I called the front desk and they said we could have the room for $34. If we had gotten our incentives booklet we would have stayed for sure. But without that they're just trying to get more of our money so we opted not to stay the additional night.	
Jun 30 2009 	Loved It But... Pool Is VERY Busy	We enjoyed our one night stay at the Golden Nugget on June 26th and really enjoyed the pool but it is a very busy place and chairs were hard to come by, I noticed alot of chairs that were being &quot;held&quot; with towels on them, I think after awhile if no one is using them then the towels should be removed so they could be used but thats just my opinion...We also enjoyed the different slots in the casino, never won anything BIG but had lots of fun. I would definately stay again if the price was right..	
Jun 29 2009 	Another Great Stay	This is the third time at the Nugget in my last three trips to Las Vegas. I was a little concerned when I booked the room because the only rooms available were the ones in the older part of the hotel and I had never stayed there before. I was pleasantly surprised as the room was not cramped and was very clean and well kept. Three nights stay with no additional charge for parking was around $70 per night. I was in town to play in the poker tournament that the Golden Nugget was sponsoring during my stay. The tournaments were very well run and organized and gave the players good value for the entry fee. With some of the poker room employees running the tournaments the organization of the poker room itself suffered a bit, but still a good experience. I only play poker in Vegas, so I have no opinion on the slots, machines or table games.The Noodle House wasn't great. The service was very good but the food was average. Carson Street Station has an awesome breakfast menu and very good service. Excellent little grill by the Sports Book for burgers and sandwiches. Didn't have time to eat and Vic and Anthony's this trip which I regret.I usually don't enjoy sitting by the pool but after the sun went down the pool was an enjoyable place to relax and have a drink.Check-in and check-out went quickly and overall the staff was very helpful. If you haven't stayed here, give it a shot. Before trying the Golden Nugget about 2.5 years ago, I stayed at Caesar's, Mandalay Bay, the Mirage, Venetian and the Flamingo. I haven't regretted making the change to the Nugget.	
Jun 29 2009 	Love the Nugget but...	We love being downtown and have stayed at the Golden Nugget many times and have always been impressed with it (even before the shark tank pool). I really don't know how to say this without sounding crass but if you enjoy adult time and peace and quiet around the pool you won't find it anymore at the Nugget (at least during the summer break season). The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are a value, and being downtown is a blast.	
Jun 27 2009 	Good...not great....	Our flight out was delayed by several hours due to weather, so we arrived late. Valet parking was full...not happy about that at all after traveling for 12 hours. We complained to the point that they agreed to park the car. They had no more smoking rooms, which we had requested, so we had to switch rooms the next day which was a major inconvenience. After moving, things settled down and we had a very nice time. The room was clean and had a nice flat screen tv and a decent view. For whatever reason, on the third day of our weeks stay we began to have housekeeping issues, like no soap, toilet paper or washcloths being left. I had to call twice in one day to request items that should have been left when the room was cleaned. I leave tips daily, so I was quite unhappy about this. Their housekeeping staff definitely needs work.Parking is a major issue with this hotel and it should be addressed. Hotel guests should NOT have to self park when they are checking in. That is just outrageous. I noticed they started asking to see room keys the next day before they would allow you to use valet, which is a good idea.Other than those issues, the hotel was very good. Great location, and good value as always. We would certainly return. We love Fremont St and the Nugget has one of the best locations. Room service was excellent btw.	
Jun 23 2009 	Wonderful family vacation	We arrived around 11:00pm and the staff was very helpful. We had two children with us, one 6month old and one child that was 4 years old.The front desk manger immediately upgraded us to a room with a better view and one that was in a quiet area. The overall day to day staff was great. They tried to help in any way possible.It was great to be downtown and not have to walk far for entertainment. Fremont street had bands on every corner. In prevous trips,We have stayed on the strip but I am now going back downtown.	
Jun 22 2009 	Our home away from home	Was a little worried when I booked a package at the Golden Nugget instead one of our usual strip choices (NYNY, Luxor), but overall I enjoyed this experience more. Stayed on the 8th floor, south tower and although I was a little disappointed that we didn't get a renovated room, I couldn't complain. We had a view of the mountains, towels and toiletries were replaced every day and the bed was soft and comfy. The service was excellent - we even got our room at 9 a.m. on a Saturday check-in! - and everyone was friendly and courteous. The pool area is a little cramped, but awesome with warm water, tube slide, shark tank and BJ tables that weren't overly crowded. We even decided to see Gordie Brown and weren't disappointed - he was hilarious!! This is definitely the place to be downtown and I think the Golden Nugget may end up being our home away from home when in Vegas.My lone complaint: The air fresheners in the A/C unit are way too strong ... my wife had an allergic reaction. Request to have them removed on the first day and it won't be a problem. Seriously, it was so strong we could hardly breathe and the cleaning lady said a lot of people are complaining about them.	
Jun 20 2009 	Wnted to stay Longer!!	We both loved the Golden nugget - even though it is situated at Fremont St. not the strip it was fantastic and the night life and casinos at fremont street are great. The hotel room was spacious - nice big plasma TV. Very easy to get the deuse bus only walk one block to go to strip. Loved the pool and the H2O bar - it was spacious enough. The buffet - we loved that and you get coupons when you check in so you can eat very cheap. Only one complaint - no fridge in room.	
Jun 19 2009 	Awesome	What an experience. We stayed in a spa suite, it really was unbelievable, better than the other top rooms we have stayed in at other hotels. I was a little worried at first, not being in the center of everything, but I really enjoy this location better. The room has floor to ceiling windows on both floors of the suite, a large whirlpool bath and a steam shower. I think we had 4 tvs and 2 or 3 bathrooms (we paid 275 a night). The best part was the customer service. Cally, the pool manager is so nice, and I really recommend renting one of their cabanas for 175.00, it is well worth it, very private and it is really hooked up w/a tv, fresh fruit, water, and personal waitress. (make sure to reserve ahead, they were sold out when we stayed, but I had made a reservation in advance) The waterslide is awesome and so is the aquarium. Everyone there was super friendly. We also got massages at the spa, we both agreed they were excellent. We will be staying there again.	
Jun 17 2009 	Excellent stay at the Golden Nugget	This was my first time actually staying downtown in Vegas. I have of course visited downtown and seen the Freemont Experience and had even eaten in the Golden Nugget. I have to say I was quite impressed not only with the Nugget but staying down town. As mentioned by other, the Golden Nugget is the gem of downtown but if you choose to go elsewhere you don't need to drive or walk a mile the other hotels and casinos are right next door. The Nugget was nice enough to comp all of my meals while I was there and upgraded us to a gold level room. You had to use your room key to even access the gold level. They had snacks and bottled water waiting for you by the elevators. The rooms where oversized and you could get lost in the bathroom. Two sinks the closet in the bathroom and the TV in the mirror was classic. The show was very large and had a show head that made you feel like you were in a tropical rain shower! I am one of those that don't usually give 5 stars but the Nugget earned this rating. I would have no hesitation staying there again.	
Jun 17 2009 	Very nice .....	We had a great time staying at the golden nugget. The people were good, the pool was great. But get to the pool early, it fills up fast. Fremont street is really cool at night. Check out Ellis Island just off the strip, fun place.	
Jun 16 2009 	Good stay at the Golden Nugget	We spent one night in a South Tower room at the beginning of our trip and one night in a North Tower room at the end (our prime destinations were Brice and Zion National Parks). The North Tower Rooms are somewhat more expensive and considered &quot;premium&quot;.All the basics were fine with both rooms. They were clean, quiet, and the bed was very comfortable. Parking is in a deck across a small side street and is free, as long as you hang on to a little parking slip they will give you on check in.One thing that surprised us was how far &quot;The Strip&quot; is from downtown. All the cross roads are under construction, nobody pays any attention when driving, &quot;strip&quot; parking is crazy, and side streets get sleazy looking really fast. You would need to plan on 45 minutes to an hour to get to MGM, for instance, to go to a show. So it's best to come to this city with a lot of patience.The difference between north and south tower: a few more toiletries, closer to the casino (but farther away from the parking deck), a somewhat better view, bigger tv (but not a lot of channels), larger room. Again, both rooms were fine overall...it depends on your priorities.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great pool and downtown location	Room on 22nd floor with nice view of the pool. Some construction going on but it did not bother us any. Room had been updated and was nice and clean. Bed was comfortable. Small bathroom. Fun pool area. In the miggle of downtown excitement. Arrived late and was checked in quickly.	
Jun 12 2009 	VIP Room Not Worth Money	I booked a VIP Gold Club Room for the extra amenities like going to the head of the line in the buffet, and the VIP Lounge. I also booked it because in the virtual tour of the room, there was both a recliner and a large sofa to relax on. When we got to the hotel, the service was great, and the public rooms were beautiful.  When we got to the room however, that was a different story. Our room was in corner in a stairwell area. It was laid out differently than the picture. The walls were very dark brown, not deep tan as the pictures seemed to indicate. This made the room also like being in a cave. Since there were no curtains over the window, there was a lot of music coming from the street as well as a great deal of bright light. Also, the one feature I wanted the most was missing. There were no upholstered chair or couch. Just a wood desk chair and a end of bed bench. No sign of either sofa or recliner. We basically got half a room.  The bathroom was so trendy as to be almost unfunctional. It took me 5 minutes to figure out how to turn on the water using the ultra modern style faucet, and another 5 minutes to figure out how to turn on the shower. The glass in front of the shower made it very hard on turn on and adjust the shower. Once the shower was on, it was the rain type showerhead and I could never get a forceful spray that I prefer. On the other hand, the TV in the mirror was cool. In the morning we were awaked before 6 am by construction noise from somewhere outside. If there had been curtains on the window, it might have muffled the noise. The buffet was okay, it was food and a large variety but nothing great. The coffee was weak.  The casino was laid out in such a way that if you wanted to walk around, you couldn't. There was enough room between slot machines facing each other, but the main walk areas through the casino was so tight as to be unsafe when crowded - elbow to elbow people. The line to get the 24 karat club card was so long we never got ours. The morning we checked out we used the VIP lounge such to have a quiet place to read the newpaper and drink coffee since our room had no chairs. It was beautiful and comfortable, but a group of people came in after us and starting talking, so it wasn't quiet. We asked the ladies at the desk to assist us in a couple of things, but they could not accomodate us. When we checked out, we did talk to the manager about the lack of chairs in our room, and he did knock $50 off the room rate. Overall, the extra cost of the VIP room was not worth it, the few extra amenities we got such as free bottled water, and a few snacks did not make up for the lack of chairs, the noise, the bright lights and lack of quiet space. Our room was $169 before the $50 deduction, but even at $119, that is more than double the cost of a standard room. At least in a standard room there may have been a chair. If I had to do Las Vegas again, I would have stayed somewhere else.	
Jun 11 2009 	Golden Nugget - Good but Ready for an Update	I arrived and decided to use valet parking, so after unloading my luggage (one suitcase, one rolling laptop case, &amp; another laptop bag) I made it to the door only to find no doorman (yes, they have them -- just weren't at the door at the time) and no automatic doors. After struggling to get through the heavy doors, I made my way to the front desk (no handicap entrance, which meant no ramp to roll my luggage down to the lobby some 6 steps below the door).  Check-in was a breeze and I went to my room. Overall it was a nice room, but the air conditioner was making a terrible noise on low and on high. After sleeping through it I awoke to a rather warm room. My complaint to maintenance the next morning (I slept with earplugs in) didn't do any good -- came back in the afternoon and it was still rattling adn roaring away, but it was cooler. I called to complain again -- no offer of another room. Other issues: some TV stations were snowy, no in-room coffee maker, very high charge for wireless ($12.99 plus tax). I was disappointed because I've always admired this hotel and this was my first stay. It is in need of a major update -- hall carpets are tattered, same with room. The 3rd floor smelled of smoke even though it's a non-smoking floor.  I not sure I would stay again unless I knew it had been updated, and even then I'll have to think about it. Its location right on Freemont street and the whole downtown experience (vs the strip, which is impossible to navigate anymore) will probably draw me back someday. I would give this a lukewarm recommendation to a friend -- again, its location is great, and it has a nice pool area, a couple of good restaurants, and a nice gaming area.	
Jun 8 2009 	A Treasure Hidden in Plain View in Downtown Las Vegas!!	I can't say enough good things about how well the Golden Nugget took care of our group. We had a gathering of Trip Advisor people from all over here for a week, more or less, at the end of May, and first part of June. We had several planned activities, and everyone at the Golden Nugget bent over backwards to accommodate us. I give them the highest recommendation for anything like this that you or your company might have planned. You will not be disappointed.Little things, like a gathering by the Pool for a Night-time surprise birthday party... They provided the cake for us at a third of what a local bakery would do, and they served the cake and provided plates, napkins, forks, etc. The cake was gorgeous, with glazed fruits on it. Really pretty.Other group gatherings were attended to with attention to every detail.The rooms are very nice... large, with flat panel TV's, safes in the closet, and the air conditioning works very well. The bed has a very comfortable pillowtop mattress, and my room was clean and well kept. I will also say that the outside noise doesn't even seem to penetrate here. Elevators are fast, too. I didn't eat at any of the restaurants except the breakfast buffet, and it was fine. They had an excellent omelet station.And the pool itself is awesome, with a nice sized hot tub, and the Shark Tank with slide through the center is beautiful, and definitely a one of a kind! Loved the H20 bar out there also!Hope this helps. I enjoyed my three day stay here... it is undoubtedly the nicest hotel downtown.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great time in Vegas	This review / tips is more geared to people on a budget. We were going to be bowling at the cashman center.We bought a roundtrip bus trip on the bell trans for $15.00 from the airport. No issues there. Had to be picked up at 3:30 a. m. return trip. He was early. Relief.Arrived at the Golden nugget and checked in without incidence. No waiting at 6:00 P.M. We had the 21st floor, South Tower. You have a choice of 8 elevators. No waiting . Our room was very clean. The closet had a blow dryer, security safe, ironing board, approx 20 hangers, 2 bathrobes. The bathroom was small but still clean. It has a bathtub w/good water pressure. One sink on a large granite countertop. The basic room included the 5 drawer dresser, table 2 chairs, night stand w/alarm clock and vanity. We had a 47&quot; flat screen tv. The internet adapter was on the table for $12.50. Not quite sure on the price but close. The beds were quite comfortable and soft. I really dread the hard beds. Never heard any neighbors and the curtains when closed made the room pitch dark. I really enjoyed looking at the pool. This is seen on the 1st floor. What a cool feature.Only one night was it extremely crowded. Sometimes they had only about 20 people in it.Closes at 8:00p.m. Buffet on the 2nd floor. I give it about an 8. We ate breakfast here. We had a woman who did the slow shuffle as our waitress(MS Wiggins). I enjoyed the breakfast buffet at the Fremont so much better. The egg guy at the fremont was terrific. He was on it. I did not enjoy the Fremont for dinner. Ate at the Carson Street cafe for supper. Good place to eat. Service was great. Manager walked around and asked us if we had good service. I would definitely stay here again.The fitzgeralds still has the old slot machines. In fact some of there machines would not take the new $5.00 bill. Alot of them still return the coins instead of the tickets. The fitz has gone down hill since i stayed there 3 years ago. Smoky smell is bad. I really hate that as i see the potential of this hotel. I used to love that hotel They have a Mcdonalds there. Ask for Senior citizens drink/coffee. Cheaper. Never did find Burger King even though it shows ads on it. The Plaza has a Mcdonalds and a Subway in it. They do not offer the senior discountFor bowlers: Binions has a shuttle bus that takes you to the Cashman Center at no charge except tip.Its in the back of Binions. The taxi cost $6.50 from fremont street to Cashman.Walking distance is about 20 minutes from Main street. Parking at the Cashman was $3.00. Transportation:Fremont has a free Charter bus that takes you to Sam's Town. From there you takeanother free bus ride to the strip(Harrah's &amp; Riviera). Last run back is approx 10:45 p.m. This is how we got around. My husband's brother took the Deuce from Stewart street (downtown) to the strip.Information is on the RTC website. I believe it was $7.50 one way. Also the Cat (local bus) information in on the RTC. I believe that approx $1.50. I called them to find out what bus route to take to the strip. I ended up going out on the fremont bus.website. We ate at the Margaritaville on the strip. We ate a volcano. Large mound of chips/chili &amp; cheese. This could eat 4. We bought one for two. Way to much. This was great.I am glad we stayed at the Golden Nugget. It is so much closer to the bowling center.If the price is right again i would stay there again	
Jun 2 2009 	Golden Nugget LasVegas...What a great hotel!!	We arrived on May 1, 2009 to stay for 5 days while my husband bowled in the USBC tournament. Service was exceptional from start to finish. The guys at the front door of the hotel were friendly &amp; courteous. Check-in was a piece of cake with very knowledgeable and friendly staff. My husband shipped his bowling balls ahead of us for ease of travel and asked the staff to locate the package. Within 5 minutes of us arriving in our room, the box was delivered to us. The room was just as their website described. We had a king-sized bed and a very large, comfortable room. My only complaint (which is certainly not the hotels fault) was that we stayed on a smoking floor (hubby is a smoker). Room had a desk, a table with 2 chairs, dresser with a large flat screen TV on top, dressing table with makeup mirror, large closet with a safe, iron, ironing board, hairdryer and extra pillows. And the best of all...2 absolutely, fabulous bathrobes! We had dinner at the buffet that evening and breakfast there everyday after that. The weekend brunch was just fabulous with your choice of champagne or mimosa's and lots of great choices with everything you could imagine for brunch! Saturday was my day at the spa, while hubby went to play in the casino. I just started working out with a trainer and was sore from being out of shape, so I decided to go for the &quot;sports massage&quot; and facial. I was pampered from the start and the staff was great. I was brought into the spa and shown everything there (which includes the salon, fitness area, hot tub, sauna &amp; dry heat rooms). I was given a pair of sandals and brought to the changing/waiting room. I was given a locker which had a robe to change into and where I could keep my clothes while I was at the spa. The waiting area was comfortable with lounge/chaise chairs and cold refreshments &amp; snacks. I changed and was immediately called in for my massage. The massage was great and lasted for 50 minutes...not so much relaxing as it was healing my sore muscles. I was then brought back to the waiting area to wait to be called in for my facial. It was a 30 minute facial which everyone should experience! Throughout my massage &amp; facial, both staff members were constantly asking if I was comfortable and enjoying my spa experience. Once my facial was done, I decided to go into the hot tub. I enjoyed that to the point where I became wrinkled! Once I was ready to leave, the shower area was complete with everything one could possibly need...shampoo, conditioner, razors, washcloths, towels, etc. The makeup area was complete with combs, hairdryers, deodorant, body lotions, etc. The experience was wonderful, relaxing and something I would certainly recommend to anyone! Later that afternoon, the day continued with a BIG win on the Kentucky Derby which was shown on 4 big screens in the Grand Ballroom. Sunday was bowling day in the afternoon, so most of the morning was spent on the casino floor (which was fun &amp; profitable!) Monday morning (VERY early...6am) was bowling day #2, so we were back at the hotel by 10 am. I wanted to spend some time by the pool while hubby went to play in a poker tournament (which he won!!!) The pool was just AMAZING! Waitstaff was very courteous and busy! Towels were supplied poolside and frozen strawberry margaritas were great. The shark tank was just the coolest thing I have ever seen. To be able to take a dip in the pool and swim up to the fish and sharks was just amazing. Very relaxing lounge chairs in the shallow part of the pool were refreshing too. Wished I had worked in a trip down the slide, but was enjoying myself too much relaxing in a lounge chair. 4 blackjack tables poolside were very good to hubby as well. Casino was very comfortable, clean and well laid out. Service was exceptional; rates very reasonable. Will DEFINATELY stay again next visit!	
Jun 2 2009 	Fabulous Hotel with pleasant 	We had read all the reviews on Tripadvisor regarding this hotel and viewed hotels own website plus others, so expected this hotel to be a decent one.We were not disappointed in the slightest on fact our expectations were exceeded.We arrived late (midnight) and we had a very quick and easy check in. Our room was a King Deluxe in the South Tower. Room was big and was identical to the photos on the website. Room was lovely and clean as too was the bathroom. Only thing lacking in the bathroom was a mini showergel, but this is really being picky as we had everything else and more besides. Bath was low with easy access and hand rail.The cleaners came to tidy our room and make the bed daily, they changed the sheets every other day, and they did a fantastic job.The food at the hotel, buffet and Carson Street Cafe is excellent. We only ate at those places did not try other places. In fact we had a buffet breakfast most days and found that we filled up on it so much so that we really didnt feel the need to eat anything else for the rest of the day, we would have an evening snack of sandwich or similar and we would be fine.The South Tower alone had 16 elevators, 8 for the even floors and 8 for the odd floors. There were elevators and moving stairways upto the buffet restaurant and Showroom. The casino floor was all on groundfloor level as was the Tank, other restaurants etc.The casino was nice and airy, not too much smoke and did not smell as some other casinos did.The staff at the hotel did everything they could to assist us, even the bell hops, one of which booked and arranged a trip for us to hoover dam at short notice.The Deuce bus stop to the strip is just a couple of blocks away, and we used this service everyday. Costs $3 for one way trip $7 dollars for all day or $15 dollars for 3 days. The 3 day pass proved really good value. Journey sometimes was quick but other times could be lengthy but we felt this just depended on time of day and driver.However most nights we would return from visitng the sights on the strip to the hotel and Fremont Street as the party atmosphere there was great fun and more enjoyable than the strip.When you look at the Hotels website and wonder if it really does look like the photos or have they &quot;glossed&quot; it up a bit - they havent, the hotel really does look like that and is a fantastic place to stay.It can get busy at the weekend however this adds to the party atmosphere.We would stay there again without hesitation.	
Jun 2 2009 	Golden Nugget hotel charges to print your airline boarding pass. How cheap!	Nice clean hotel for price and location in downtown. The pool was great for kids. However, this was the first hotel I stayed at where they charged you to access the computer in order to check in and print your boarding pass. Not only did you have to pay to access the computer, but they charged you for every page that was printed. Even the cheap hotels don't do that. I will make sure I mention this to anyone that asks.	
Jun 2 2009 	Disappointed	We were very excited about staying at this hotel. It got a 4 diamond review from AAA. We were disappointed from the time we checked in . We travel frequently and have always trusted AAA reviews. We were supposed to have adjoining rooms, instead they were across the hall. That was fine. We had my elderly mother in law with us and there was no handicap access for her. At least we were not informed of any. We went to breakfast at 10. It was scheduled until 10:30. We were told after paying that they had stopped cooking breakfast!! Our shampoo supplied was used! This is not 4 star. I could continue, but I am limited in space.	
Jun 1 2009 	Golden Nugget	Had never been downtown so we decided to give it a try this time. Opted for the VIP check-in but wasn't worth it as there were no lines at regular check-in. Receptionist there was professional but somewhat standoffish. We told her we'd never been downtown before and were there for our anniversary (21) and were really looking forward to our stay. She managed to thank us for coming downtown but that was about it. Room was okay - stayed in the South Tower. Requested smoking as I was assured the ventilation was very good. Well it's not so if you don't have to smoke in your room, choose non-smoking. All in all room was clean but the dust ruffle on the bed was grossly stained. Had a few maintenance issues with the shower but someone responded within fifteen minutes of calling and quickly took care of things. Got a little loud in the hallway when the Beverly Hillbillys arrived on our last full day there.Buffet is excellent choice for breakfast. Lots of food including meats, eggs, bagels, pastries, fruit cereal, etc. The bourbon sauce is a must try (we poured it over the bread pudding - yum!!). Lunch buffet is not nearly as good and the only saving grace was that they still had the omelet station going and of course that lovely bourbon sauce...Location is good. It is very convenient to access different casinos with little walking. We walked down to Main Street Station a few times and highly recommend the Microbrewery there. Pool is cool. Was never really packed but those lounge chairs are on top of each other. There are a few 'pit' areas with sofas and tables and they looked really comfy. Valet service was outstanding. Received wonderful directions from the guy behind the desk. Fast, courteous service. I'm not really sure I agree with the 4-star rating but would be willing to try it again (non-smoking please), especially at the rates we got.	
Jun 1 2009 	Pleasant Surprise!	We usually stay swanky on the strip in Vegas. A big gang of us went down this year and decided to stay at the Nugget. I was a little skeptical, but was pleasantly surprised!The location on the Fremont Strip is fantastic. The check-in was smooth, and the staff was extremely courteous. Even the ladies vacuuming the hall made a point to say &quot;hi, have a great stay&quot; every time I passed them.I stayed in the South Tower, and the room was pretty basic. I pulled back the sheets to check for bedbugs (I'm supremely paranoid, yes!) and the mattress etc was super clean and in tip top shape! The bathtub could have used a re-caulking (old and dark, ew) and a good hit of draino, but those were my only complaints. Who stays long in their room, anyway? The beds were ridiculously comfortable.Some of our friends stayed in a suite in the North Tower, and it was more impressive.We spent a lot of time at the pool, and had a fantastic time. A great mix of young partiers (no one was pretentious), couples, and families with kids. The food at the restaurants was excellent! We ate twice at the Italian restaurant (Grotto?) it was that good. All in all, a great stay, and I would definitely stay there again.Oh, watch out for the staff at the desk near the North Tower who offer you a &quot;free gift.&quot; It's an invitation to a timeshare presentation. No thanks!	
May 31 2009 	Will return next year great hotel.	We have just returned from a wonderful 5 days at the Nugget. I paid a bit more and rented the gold VIP room on the 17th floor, nice to treat yourself sometimes. The check in was fast and smooth as well as the luggage was there waiting for us. The room was incredible and comfortable, all the comforts. Water and free snacks as well as coffee and a paper by the elevators, nice. Room was so clean and all the staff were very nice. We ate only once for breakfast at the buffet so cant comment on the food to much. We ate out most of the time as we rented a car, real nice to have and look around. Red Rock canyon was nice as well as a trip to the Hoover Dam was interesting. Driving was a snap with the GPS and the convertable was fun but got hot in the pm. Went to Chris Angle belive, Zumanity, and Gordie Brown at the nugget. All the shows were good and Gordie Brown was real good. Im a gambler unlike my wife, and found all the dealers very nice and was served drinks. Slots are tight! My trip at the nugget from the vallet parking to the pool and staff was fantastic and will return back to Freemont Street next year. I found it more personal, and half the price as the strip where I have stayed before. Stay here and you will not be dissapointed and dont hesitate to rent a car for the days. We still did the cab thing at night as we enjoy to have a few drinks at night. Thanks to the Nugget for making my trip that much more enjoyable.	
May 31 2009 	Golden Nugget is a golden experience	We stayed at the Golden Nugget on Fremont Street and had a great Fremont Street Experience. The hotel itself has a quiet elegance without being over the top. Our room was great--we were on the top floor of the South tower. The room had recently been redone with a large flat screen TV, very comfortable beds, and a great shower. I appreciated the fact that not only was the room non-smoking but that the whole floor was non-smoking. The best part by far was the pool. We went down to the pool every day when it opened at 10 A.M. and always got a great spot on padded loungers next to the pool with it's great fish tank. You can swim right up to the tank and enjoy different types of fish swimming by. I felt like I was scuba diving without the fear factor! My husband loved the slide tube that goes from the third story down through the tank. If you are looking for a downtown street fair experience, choose the Golden Nugget. It combines the old Vegas feel with an elegant hotel and casino and the feel of a tropical poolside experience.	
May 30 2009 	Swiming with the sharks	We booked this hotel to join up with families coming to Vegas on vacation. We hadn't been to the Downtown area in a few years and weren't sure what to expect. Walking in and around the Gold Nugget reminded me of Treasure Island on the new Strip. From the time we drove up to the entrance to the time we drove away we enjoyed our stay. The staff was always friendly and helpful. Our son totally loved the pool with its waterfalls and slide tube, which goes through a large tank with sharks. At night, walking out the front of the hotel and onto the Fremont Street Experience to see the night show was grand.	
May 28 2009 	What a suprise	Spent three nights at the Golden Nugget to meet relatives from out of town. Now I am a strip guy who usually stays at The Mandalay Bay or similar. But this is where the gang was staying so I agreed to give it a try. Great place. Large comfy rooms. Great valet and baggage service. Excellent food in the resturants. This was a fun place. Being downtwon is a little funky but the casino was large, clean and relatively free of smoke compared to the other places nearby. The pool is fabulous with a large shark tank with a slide tube that goes right through the middle. Fun. I would go again anytime. The staff is very friendly and accomodating. The only minus was a $15 charge per day for wifi. But then that is Vegas.	
May 24 2009 	Golden Nugget is the best place in Las Vegas	I went there with my wife, and what a wonderful time we had there. Not only is it in the best location in Vegas (Fremont Street), but the casino is one of the best that I have ever been to. Not to mention the best burgers in Vegas right across the road at Binion's. If you like great hotels and a great street party, Stay at the Golden Nugget.	
May 20 2009 	One of the best places to stay in the entire city.	I've stayed at 18 hotels in Las Vegas, and this one is in my top three, easily.It's not on the strip, nor close to the strip, but downtown, which has it's own charms. This is by far the best hotel downtown.The pool is the best one in town. Yes, THE BEST ONE. It doesn't cover acres with beautiful landscaping like the strip pools, but it has a 3-story waterslide that goes through a shark tank, which you can also swim right next to the tank. It's also heated year round, unlike a lot of the strip pools, so this place becomes an even better deal in the winter. The club has a great balcony that overlooks downtown.Check this place out. It's worth it.	
May 18 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed there in September 2008 for 2 nights. As we stayed at the beginning of the week, we had a great rate. The room was spacious and very clean. We also had breakfast at the hotel and enjoyed it a lot. Good choice and good food quality. The pool, with the slope and “tank” were just great.If you do not “need” to be on the strip, I would really recommend this hotel	
May 15 2009 	Old Vegas at it's best	I've stayed at a salon suite during CES each of the last three years. What an incredible room. It can be pretty pricey most times, but I guess because of the bad econemy I was able to get it at a very decent price this past January. Beautiful decked out two story suites, the first night you'll want to just hang out in your room and feel like a high roller. The room I stayed in this time was amazing! With a rich chocolate tone to the entire room, brown leather sofas, brass rails on the staircase, a full bath upstairs, and a half bath in the downstairs, with a full wet bar and frig. The location is great to me as well, your on freemont, but only a $15 cab ride to almost anywhere on the strip. The regular rooms are decent as well, a friend was staying in one of the regular rooms while she was out there and wasn't to bad either and was much much cheaper. I believe she was paying $85 for weekend rate during convention time, not bad at all. MY two story suite was on the lowest day $199 and most expensive day was $249, but not a bad price for someplace actually nicer than my real home, lol. I highly recommend to this hotel, one of the gems of Las Vegas. Also if you stay at the Nugget you gotta check out the Grotto, great italian food. Also nugget has one of the best pools in Vegas.	
May 10 2009	Would definitely stay again	We visited Vegas April 29 - May 2 2009 and stayed at the Golden Nugget because of all the favourable Tripadvisor advice. Have to say that we were not disappointed in any way. We were in the South Tower on the 18th floor. Room was huge and clean. Bathroom also big and clean. Room gave us a partial view of Freemont Street without any noise. Had to ring the front desk at 4:30 am one morning because keyboard to use the tv internet was not working. Someone was at our door within 5 minutes with a new keyboard. Employees were friendly and the in house Buffet was excellent - ate there for breakfast and no need for any other meals all day! Coupon book fed us at a 2 for 1 rate ($10)and that was an added bonus! Pool area is busy and the Tank is really neat. You have to go down at least once! Smoke factor walking through casino was a little bit annoying, but it's that way everywhere. Weekly rate was cheap for a 4 star ($60) but watch out for weekends, they triple! It was really great to go out to a show on the strip at night and come back to Freemont street where it's all happening without all the walking you have to do on the strip to go anywhere.	
May 8 2009 	Surprisingly good hotel!	Had some reservations about staying in Downtown Vegas but was very surprised at how good the rooms were. Very well done out (obviously had a re-fit fairly recently). The casino and pool area were very well presented. Rooms were a good size and had all amenities included (including free use of the safe). Huge flat screen TV in the room with good range of channels. Very nice bathroom with good quality shampoos, etc.Check-in was a little slow but otherwise a good choice!	
May 7 2009 	Surprising Experience Downtown	Freemont Street used to be only a sideshow on my previous trips to Sin City, yet during my recent stay at the Golden Nugget, it became my primary destination. Staying away from the newer hotels and attractions was a ‘hard sell’ but my husband convinced me to give it a try.The Golden Nugget Hotel and Casino surprised me with comfort and luxury I had doubted existed downtown. VIP check-in was fast and convenient. Our 17th floor Gold Club Level room was beautiful, furnished with modern details and a very comfortable bed, offered robes and slippers, plenty of storage and complimentary coffee, snacks and water. The view of the pool was inviting yet the automatic window shade tightly shut out the morning sun. My husband was tickled by the television set into the mirror of the bathroom as well as the huge flatscreen in the bedroom. They even provided a collection of music CD’s and free wireless internet service.Dining options were good, yet varied in quality. At Vic and Anthonys, we shared the most amazing Australian Lobster tail and a 24 ounce bone-in ribeye, cooked to perfection. I was a bit distracted by the noise level, expecting a more romantic steak house environment. We were delighted with the quiet atmosphere, service and options at Lillie’s Noodle House- try the Sea Bass! Carson Street Café was convenient and offered a good variety all hours. I would not recommend Grotto, unless you are satisfied with Olive Garden quality dining. The buffet was a huge disappointment, as it is recommended by many guides as a local favorite. The food choice was minimal and unappetizing. The pool at this hotel was great. Not only for the fantastic aquarium situated in the middle of the swimming area, but the shaded H20 bar area provided an excellent space for extended relaxation. We spent quite a bit of time lounging on a huge papasan, gazing up at the palm trees and listening to great music. Celebrating our 11th anniversary, we felt comfortable with the many other couples the resort seems to attract. Unlike the distance required to travel on the main strip to see ‘nearby’ attractions, the Freemont Street Experience is right outside the door of the Golden Nugget. It was a great party! We enjoyed the advantage of watching the action from the balcony of Golddiggers, a second story nightclub in the casino.The hotel is under construction, building a 4th tower on the West side. Aside from the view of the progress from the pool area, I did not notice any evidence of their work. I look forward to seeing the finished building.I definitely plan to stay at this hotel in the near future! Who would have thought downtown Las Vegas would offer such a comfortable and beautiful experience?	
May 7 2009 	Not what we had expected	Just got back from staying at the Golden Nugget for two nights. Usually my partner and I stay on the Strip and wanted to experience for the first time staying downtown (Old Vegas)! Well, let me first state there are not many choices of nice hotels downtown and heard a lot of good things about the Nugget. I hope this helps, I sure wish somebody would have posted these things prior to me wasting my money and more importantly my time at this hotel. Below are my experiences.Pros-Downtown, Hotel is clean, stayed in North Tower and room was nice and big but no and I mean no view (3 feet away from another bldg) but I shouldn't complain because the hotel clerk gave us a free upgrade. Most if not all bell boys seem to be really friendly and helpful. Shark tank/water slide in middle of pool was cool.Cons-#1) Pool too crowded and too small. Not enough lounge charirs for the guests or size of hotel. this was really bad, I mean the chairs are layered and you barely have enough room to lay your towel on the chair (no room in between chairs) felt like sardines. Now, don't get me wrong the Nugget just renovated the pool a couple of years ago and its nice but just too small. #2 We did not enjoy gambling at the Nugget. I enjoy roulette and the slots. They don't seem to let you play. I don't go to Vegas expecting to win. I mean it would be nice, but I just want to go and have a good time and hopefully get some free drinks and play for a couple of hours with a smile, but this place takes your money and run (go across the street to Binnons).#3-Buffet was a complete joke. I mean most people enjoy Buffets for two reasons either they are very hungry or/and like the choices. Don't go here if you want choices in particular the salad bar!!! Not sure how the other restaurants are in this hotel because after this experience we just took advantage of room service or around town.#4-Check out time is 12:00 and I called the front desk to send a bell man up no earlier than 12:00. While we were waiting for the bell man and they were running a little late not more than one minute after 12:00 the TV turned off automatically. Now, I thought this was realllly tacky. #5 Called around 3:00 A.M. in the morning for a request for a 1 hour late check out the next day. Was told to call after 8am to speak to with the manager for this request. Give me a break, if I have to get up that morning to make a request why even request at that point...We were checking out on a Wednesday morning in May..I'm not going to continue this tirade because to be quite honest I don't normally take my time to do these sort of things, but I felt compelled to let others know some of the choices this hotel makes when it comes to treating their guests and really what to expect....Good luck....	
May 6 2009 	best 4 star anywhere	If location is your only concern then you have nothing to worry about. Ride the Deuce for $7 dollars a day . Do not rent a vehicle to save money. Insurance rates are ridiculously high. Costs more than the car rental. The rooms at the Nugget are very nice and roomy. The pool is exceptional and a great place to spend afternoons. Recommend spending at least part of your holiday on Fremont at this hotel. View the laser light show in front since the music is a big part of the show and is best there.	
May 4 2009 	Very pleasant stay. The best downtown	Clean, relaxing, great food, pool, rooms and loungesworth the extra dollars. Great fun	
May 3 2009 	Golden Nugget Vegas-Awesome Stay!	Just got back from our awesome stay from the Golden Nugget Las Vegas! So here is my review, hope you find this useful!We booked our package through Allegiant Air, flying out of Eugene, Oregon, three nights, and a round trip shuttle to and from the airport. All that for $600 total. This was definatly the way to go, and here is why...Allegiant Air is a cheap no frills airline, its been the third time i've flown to Vegas with them and its been great everytime. The airline was ontime leaving out of Eugene and we actually landed about 10 minutes early so that is always great when you are excited! So the bad thing about flying into Vegas right now is they only have One Tram working. So there is a long wait to get to baggage claim. This will be ongoing for sometime. Just a warning so be ready for this, also, keep that in mind when you return, give yourself plenty of time to get through security and back on the One Tram thats working.The round trip shuttle option offered through Allegiant was a great deal, saved a few bucks, it was $28 round trip. It only took minutes after we got our bags to be on the way to the hotel so that was pretty awesome I thought. If you outright get a shuttle it can be $14 per person each way, and a cab from the airport to Golden Nugget yikes! We did the regular check in the Golden Nugget, took only minutes and the room we reserved online was ready for us so no need to pay the extra $20 for VIP. So here's the great deal for a prepaid trip to Golden Nugget, they do not need your credit card or debit card for incidentals! Otherwise they hold $100 per night, so that was another good deal!We stayed in the South Tower, 10th floor room 10109 and had a view of the Stratoshper Tower. So all the complaints about the walk from your room to the casino floor, don't worry about it, its not bad at all! I've stayed on the strip, now that's a long walk! They do have those pesky Tahiti Villiage people along the way to the elevators, so just don't make eye contact, keep walking and you'll be ok! Actually its not that bad at all.So the food was great there, we ate at Lillies Noodle house, two of us came to $60 and the food was great! Ate at Carson Cafe for breakfast, great again. Ate at the buffet for breakfast, not the best but only $10 each so what do you want for only ten bucks?? The thing i liked about the buffet was the veiw of the pool! So the staff was excellent, everyone was very friendly! I can't wait to stay here again, i receomend this hotel to anyone wanting a great Vegas experiance. How can you beat it? Catch the Duece to the Strip, its only $3 one way or $7 for an all day pass. We caught a cab from Excallaber to Freemont and it was $25 so cabs are pricey!! Just be warned.Oh, about the room, i didn't think there was a safe in the rooms because it's not listed on thier web sight, but there is one in the closet. Also blow dryer, bathrobes, iron, ironing board, extra pillow, nice!	
May 2 2009 	Pleasant Stay in Fremont	I generally upgrade to better suites whenever I stay anywhere, but the North tower was booked. The room in the south tower was clean, good sized and adequate. Two things that could be better are the drain in the bathtub was semi clogged, so when I took a shower there was always an inch or 2 of water in the tub. This shows lack of attention to detail on the cleaning crew - they should see this when they clean. Also, the rooms are very dark - floor to ceiling windows would help immensely. Since I spent very little time in the room, it was a non-issue. The one very nice thing is the rooms seem to be well insulated. The hotel was extremely booked, yet once I got in my room I couldn't tell anyone else was in the hotel. This is a plus anywhere.The pool is nice, but extremely crowded. It is nice that there is always a part of the pool in the shade and part in the sun, so if you just want to lay outside and read/lounge, but not in the blistering sun, you can do so.The location can't be beat. Walk outside and you're right on Fremont and things are always happening. It's a short walk to the next casino, etc. On the strip you wear yourself out just walking from your room to the front og your casino :-).	
Apr 30 2009 	Everything we were hoping for and more.	I wanted to get my mom out of town for a wonderful one on one trip. We have stayed at the golden nugget many times in the past so chose to do so again. This time we stayed in the north tower it&quot;s well worth the upgrade. The beds were so comfortable that it was hard to get out of them. We went to the Gordie Brown show , what a performer!!! My mom and I talked about the trip all the way home about five hours. We both agreed that our stay was the best we have ever had in vegas. I have stayed on the strip many times, however our future stays will always be at the golden nugget!!!	
Apr 28 2009 	The Nugget is Golden!	This was my wife and I second stay at the Nugget,and was not dissapointed.We were upgraded to a suite for the 6 days we were there and it was great.All the staff from the girls at the VIP check in to the servers in the casino were friendly and attentive to our needs.The room service was above par,we party till early am(5-6)and dont get up till noon and our room was always made up with fresh towels.I have always liked staying downtown just for this reason,it seems they try a little harder to make your stay more enjoyable than they do up on the Strip.We have stayed at a number of differant hotels on the strip,and once youve walked till your feet almost fall off and seen everything(although I dont think you could ever see EVERYTHING)its time to stay somewhere you can eat well,drink well,and get down to the reason most of us come to Vegas for...Gambling!We used to stay at another hotel on Freemont but found that it was deteriating rapidly and wasn't the same fun place anymore,so we booked at the Nugget,best place to stay in Vegas!There is always a party on Freemont!We both enjoy the atmosphere downtown.it might not be for everyone but those in the know,know that your odds are better here than the swankier places on the strip,granted there isn't the oppulance here that you would experience on the strip either.The Grotto=great food,Vic and Anthony's=even greater food!,the buffet...well it serves its purpose for breakfast.Its very convieniant to have a car rental company on site,no probs grabbin a set of wheels for the day.We are going back in a couple months for a wedding up on the strip and we are still gonna stay at the Nugget.	
Apr 28 2009 	downtown rocks	i recently stayed at the golden nugget i downtown lasv vegasi was blown away with the care and attention all staff memebers gave us during our staydowntown is party central	
Apr 26 2009 	Brand New Super Cool Pool Area	Our second and third day in Vegas was spent at the Golden Nugget Casino &amp; Hotel in Downtown Las Vegas right on &quot;The Fremont Streetm Experience&quot;. The guy that booked our rooms guaranteed that we would love the newly renovated pool area. We got the room for really cheap rates ($25 on weekdays). We checked in pretty late, and by that time the shark pool was converted to a bar-- really cool. The rooms were ok. But the next day we made sure we were up early to just lounge by the pool. The tank of sharks were a nice touch, kinda makes me want to stay here again, in spite of the distance from the Strip. Cons: Inconvenient Parking. Downtown (ie off-strip)Pros: Reasonable Prices. Awesome Brand new shark pool.	
Apr 25 2009 	A MEMORABLE STRESSFUL STAY	Our family is a returning guest to the Golden Nugget hotel. We decided to return to the hotel because of its location in downtown Las Vegas and the amenities that are offered by the hotel.We stayed in the south tower in a non smoking room with 2 queen beds. The room was clean and comfortable throughout. Our family especially enjoyed the pool area and swimming with the sharks. Another feature that we enjoyed, were the hours that were offered by the hotel and that hotel security is present in the pool area.It could be annoying at times, when the Tahiti time share resort personnel were continually present when going to your hotel room or entering the hotel/casino entrances.However, our stay was not a total relaxing and enjoyable time as it was abruptly changed on the morning of our second day stay when we discovered that our vehicle was vandalized in the hotel's self parking garage. Security was somewhat helpful in that they took a report and photos of the incident. We were somewhat fortunate that our vehicle was not entered and that it wasn't stolen. It apparently was a random act of vandalism - no reason as to why we were the lucky ones as there was absolutely nothing of value in the vehicle for the criminals to take.While it is true we park our vehicles at our own risk and that the hotel is not responsible for any acts of vandalism or theft, it would have been appreciated if the staff of the Golden Nugget could have showed more compassion and concern to their valued guests.At the present time, we don't know if we could recommend this hotel to relatives, friends or strangers.	
Apr 24 2009 	2nd stay---still impressed (most of the time)!	My husband and I just returned from our 2nd stay at the Golden Nugget. We arrived very early and knew that we would not be able to check in. We had booked a VIP Gold Club Room. Check-in at the VIP Lounge is definitely worth the extra charge. NO LINES! NO WAIT! The 2 staff members there were very friendly and helpful. They took our cell phone number to call us when the room was ready. We inquired about checking out bags so that we could walk around until our room was ready. They were very helpful and directed us to the bell desk. Problem #1 begins. We walked over to the bell desk. The bellman there seemed confused about what were asking. While we tried to explain, he became argumentative and telling us that we should have entered the hotel from a different area. We had no idea what he was talking about and explained that the VIP lounge staff told us to go there. Nevertheless, the conversation continued to go downhill. We finally got our bags checked in and we promptly went back to the VIP lounge to tell them what we experienced. Again, the 2 staff members there were extremely helpful and apologetic. They truly seemed concerned about our experience. A few hours later, we received a call on the cell phone as promised when our room was ready. Because the hotel was booked, we were upgraded to a suite, which was ready earlier. We entered the 2 room Parlor Suite and were not disappointed. One thing I like about the Golden Nugget, is that their rooms are exactly as they are pictured on their website. Our stay was enjoyable and uneventful except for a few issues with housekeeping. Water and glasses in the room were not replenished daily. Only received turndown service 1 of the 4 nights we were there. While this may seem trivial to some, we paid extra for the upgrades to make our trip nicer, so not getting this was disappointing. As usual, room service was wonderful. Arrived within a short period of time. Service is always great! We ate at The Grotto, Vic &amp; Anthony’s, Carson Street Café and The Buffet. All exceeded our expectations except the Buffet. It was extremely crowded and way overpriced for what you got. The food was average at best. We enjoy staying in the downtown area and will always choose the Nugget. We are looking forward to the new rooms in the new tower!	
Apr 23 2009 	Impressed	We stayed at this hotel because that is where my Aunt &amp; Uncle were staying to watch the basketball tournament. I did not expect to enjoy it that much. Its more of an older crowd but the hotel is nice, the pool is amazing and its right by Fremont St.	
Apr 23 2009 	Best hotel downtown	Stayed at this hotel several times...best hotel downtown. Cannot beat the poker room.	
Apr 23 2009 	great stay- great location	This was our third trip to Las Vegas and our first stay Downtown. We have previosly stayed at the Flamingo and Treasure Island. We were satisfied with both, but not overly impressed with what you get for their prices. We chose the Golden Nugget because of their reputation for being the nicest hotel Downtown. From what we saw of the other casinos, Golden Nugget is BY FAR the nicest and the classiest. We played at the other casinos, but I couldnt get my husband to eat anywhere else but the Golden Nugget. We chose a deluxe room in the North tower because of the upgrade features. The flat screen TV was very large and the bed was great. The sheets were very comfortable and the pillows and comforter were super soft. We LOVED the room. It was better than the standard room at the Flamingo and on par with the remodeled rooms at Treasure Island.  The common areas are beautiful and the pool was nice. The only complaint about the pool area is the number of available chairs. We were there during a HOT spell, and before the pool even opened, most of the lounge chairs were taken. This is concerning considering we saw a sign in the construction area saying there were 500 more rooms being built. Hopefully they expand the pool area too. As for the construction, we only heard noise one morning and it was barely noticable. Since the construction area overlooks the pool, we did see more than one construction worker staring down at the pool area, presumably checking out the bikinis by the pool.  The casino and restaurants were very nice and had a very classy feel. I dont think the slots were as loose as the other hotels downtown and the table limits are higher. I realized quickly that since the new building needed to be funded , the slots would probably be tighter . Most of my gambling dollars went across the way to Binions and their $2 roulette.  As for location, Downtown is the way to go. We love the Fremont Street experience light show, the entertainment and the action at night. The clientele is a little rough at times, but it is on some parts of the strip too. One good thing, no annoying people flicking their nudey girl cards at you. You can walk easily to multiple different hotels that have good gambling . We have found that the strip casinos take your money FAST. Downtown you can play longer and have a lot more fun. Overall, we had a great time. We will never stay or gamble on the strip again.	
Apr 22 2009 	Will never stay on the strip again	This was my 3rd trip to Las Vegas and my husband and I decided to stay downtown this time. We went with 2 other couples and had a great time. Loved EVERYTHING about this trip. The location is great. We had a room in the South Tower and the walk wasn't that bad to the casinos as described in some other reviews. The room was clean and updated. The pool was the best!! Went down the waterslide quite a bit. We didn't come all this way not to do swim with the sharks. Spent alot of time on Freemont Street and the experience was awesome. There is a Walgreens just a couple of block away if you forgot something. One night we decided to go the the &quot;strip&quot; and got bombarded with people trying to give you info on strip joints. We much enjoyed the downtown experience more. Already talking about doing this again in a couple of years.	
Apr 21 2009 	very rude people !!	Go to the Fremont street experience it's a must . What a blast my wife and I had after we left Golden Nugget , about 30 minutes. First we encountered a very rude man at the players club desk, he seemed very stressed that there were 2 people in line. Next it was the cocktail waitress, then a slot lady, strike3 I went and got my wife and told her about my experience with the staff, she said lets go! Ihave never written a bad review about any one untill now. The rest of the casinos were nothing but fun and very caring people trying to make sure you have a great time !!! PS I really wish I would have gotten the names of these people ,they shouldnt be working with the public my fault.	
Apr 15 2009	Viva Las Vegas	Had a blast. This hotel is located in old Las Vegas! So much fun. The Freemont St. experience is worth the stay alone. So many things to do in this area and much cleaner then the &quot;strip&quot;. Live bands, casinos, shopping and the cheapest places to eat. The hotel was awsome. Beautifil large rooms. The pool has a giant shark tank in the middle with a waterslide that goes right through the middle. So much fun. Was there for 5 nights. Not enough time to do it all. Would definately go back.	
Apr 13 2009 	Last visit was awesome this visit was average	Last year we visited in the Nugget for the first time and were very impressed with their rooms and service. In our recent visit, we were very disappointed to find things were not quite the same. Although our room was clean, two of the lamps did not work, the alarm clock's power went on and off and overall the room was dated. When we arrived the toilet was running, which continued on and off during our stay.The Nugget definitely beats the dumpy casinos (Plaza, Riveria, Circus Circus), but I don't think it's above average. On the plus side they do have a very nice pool, which is a great place to catch some sun and relax. We love staying downtown were you can gamble, eat and drink very cheap, but next time we visit we might try another hotel. Avoid playing the Nugget's slots though on both of our visits they were extremely tight! They have some crabby blackjack dealers as well.	
Apr 12 2009 	Enjoyed my Stay at the Golden Nugget	A friend and I stayed at the Golden Nugget from Sunday to Wednesday. We really liked this hotel. All the employees we encountered were friendly and professional. There was always something going on around the hotel, whether it was vacuuming, cleaning windows, or replacing plants in the pool area. It was nice to see how much they work at keeping the place looking nice.We had a room on the Eighth floor in the South Tower. The view wasn't much to speak of, but I don't stay Downtown for the view. The beds were very comfortable and soft. The bathroom was very nice. The room was a decent size, too.The only downside was that housekeeping could have been a bit more thorough in their cleaning. I would definitely stay here again and was disappointed that I never had a chance to hang out at the Tank (pool area).	
Apr 12 2009 	First time a great experience	This was our first time to Las Vegas, we decided to stay downtown because of what we heard from friends and reviews. We stayed April 3-7 in the south tower on the 22nd floor with a view of the mountains it was great the room was clean and tidy with a flat screen TV, king bed, non-smoking (couldn't smell any smoke at all). After two nights in this wonderful room there was a message on the phone to call the front desk, they up graded us to a parlor suite for the next two nights at no charge we were shocked!!!! we didn't win any money but sure had the time of our lives. The staff was friendly had no problems what so ever. We will be back to the GN again	
Apr 12 2009 	Nice Downtown Las Vegas hotel.	We have stayed at the Golden Nugget numerous times in the past 10 years. Overall, the hotel is an excellent value for the price. The rooms are spacious and clean. We have noticed that the rooms are showing signs of wear/age, such as chipped and loose bathroom fixtures. The cleaning staff does a nice job on the rooms, and the hotel staff is friendly and helpful. We especially like the Carson Street Cafe, which is open 24/7 and serves a wide variety of food. The casino is clean, but the machines seem tight. During the day, drink service is very good, but it is nonexistent late at night.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great place at the right price	My wife and I stayed at the GN with some friends at the end of March. Check in was great at the lady at the front desk was very nice. The coupon book they gave us was full of useful coupons that saved us a lot of money during our stay. There were no line-ups when we checked in at around 1pm, but later on in the day I noticed that the line had got pretty big. As requested we got two non-smoking rooms with king size beds...both rooms were on the 18th floor of the South Tower and were big and clean, but nothing too fancy. We are not into gambling so we picked this hotel mainly for the pool. We were very happy with the pool area other than it can get pretty crowded and hard to get loungers (and we were there mid-week). The hot tub is open until 2am and is a very nice place to relax at the end of the day. We did not spend too much time on Fremont street at night but if I go back to Vegas I would hang out on Fremont a bit more. We went to the main strip a couple of times and in my opinion Fremont street had a way better vibe, and everything is close together. *Tip* If you have a car and you want to visit the strip you can valet park your vehicle at the Bellagio for free (tips are expected). Other hotels might do this too, but the Bellagio is kind of in the heart of the strip and is a great place to start exploring.If I ever go back to Vegas I would stay at the Golden Nugget again, but maybe not on a weekend...I think it might get pretty busy. In my opinion it is the best value on Fremont Street.	
Apr 9 2009 	We loved it!	We've stayed on the Strip many times - but this was our first time downtown. The Nugget was excellent. We had a beautiful room and it was super clean. The staff was so nice and considerate. The slots paid off way better than we've recently experienced on the Strip. The one and only negative was the pool area. The pool was beautiful but we couldn't get a lounge. They were all full. We loved the atmosphere in the area. We'll do this again!	
Mar 29 2009 	Great place if you want to gamble and have fun	I've been to Las Vegas many times and this was my first time to stay downtown. The Golden Nugget is just as nice as most hotels on the strip and table limits in downtown ar much more reasonable than the strip. The buffet is okay. I would recommend the buffet at the Freemont. The Carson Cafe had good food in the Nugget. The rooms were clean and nice, staff was friendly. We checked out to go home and we were almost out of town when my wife realized she left her billfold in the room in the safe. We called the Nugget and they had the billfold (intact) waiting for us y the time we got back to the hotel.The only downside was our room was pretty far from the elevators. I will stay here again on my next trip to Las Vegas.	
Mar 28 2009 	What a Nice Surprise	My husband and I booked a room at the Golden Nugget at the end of a week long trip. We started out at the Trump, then drove into Utah to visit some of thier beautiful National Parks, and then drove back to Vegas the night before our flight out. We decided to stay downtown for something different. We got a good rate through Orbitz for the Golden Nugget. We had a little difficulty with parking-- valet was full and the parking garage was hard to find. Check in was easy, and the service people very friendly. Our room was nice, clean, and had comfortable beds, but nothing outrageously special. However, we had a great dinner at the steakhouse, and really enjoyed Fremont Street. The real winner at the Golden Nugget is Fremont Street--- the atmosphere is so much fun, like a big street party! There were 2 bands that night, and tons of people dancing, drinking and having a great time. The strip is great, but Fremont Street is the real party! My husband and I decided next time we visit Vegas we will split our stay half on the strip and half downtown -- downtown is a blast!	
Mar 24 2009 	Gold Club rooms overpriced for what you get...	My husband and I have visited Las Vegas many, many times. We have stayed at the Golden Nugget twice before, but this was our first stay in the Gold Club rooms. We enjoyed the VIP check-in, and the attendant at the counter was unfailingly polite and courteous. Our room was clean, and the bed was VERY comfy. There was a switch next to the bed that advertised as raising/lowering the window shade, but it was broken. Big flat-screen tv in the bedroom and a smaller one in the mirror in the bathroom were very nice touches, but the picture on the bigger one wasn't very good. No big deal. The bathroom set-up is nice with double sinks, and a vanity in the middle. Nice enclosed shower/tub with big shower head but the way it works is you have to get into the shower/tub to turn it on, so you've got water splashing on you before you're completely ready--design flaw to be sure! There is NO water pressure (my husband called the shower &quot;anemic&quot;) in either the shower or at the sinks. The closet, located in the bathroom, had spring-loaded doors that didn't stay open on their own, so you were constantly being whacked in the back or the arm while trying to get things hung or out of the closet. Definitely a negative. The dark colors in both the bedroom and the bathroom are beautiful, but after the initial oohs and aahs, were not welcoming.  There is no refrigerator or coffee maker in the room, which is a necessity for my husband. There is a coffee set-up in the elevator landing, but if you don't get there early, it's cold or gone. In the afternoon, the coffee set-up is replaced with waters, and snacks in large bowls. I believe this has been addressed several times in this forum--most people just dip their hands into the bowls and get their snacks, even though spoons and cups are provided. Oh, well... We used the hotel valet service several times during our 6-day stay at GN. Again, the staff was polite, but definitely overworked, as two or three attendants were tasked with retrieving cars for 20 or 30 guests in a 20-minute time frame. Due to immense construction being done at the GN, the entire top floor of their self-park garage is taken up with construction paraphernalia, so is unusable to hotel guests. Because of this, and the crowds for St. Patrick's Day, we were forced to use the valet, and even it was full.  The scale of construction at the GN is huge, with opening planned for sometime in 2009. Nowhere in the plans did I see arrangements for more parking, so this will become more of an issue as the construction nears completion and more people are using the already stretched-thin services. Please don't think our stay was bad--on the contrary, I would recommend the hotel. We had superb dinners at Vic and Anthony's Steakhouse and Red Sushi, located on the property. We wanted to use the pool, but it was completely FULL ALL THE TIME! All in all, it was a nice stay, but due to the crowds, it is my last stay downtown.	
Mar 21 2009 	Pleasant surprise	First time in Vegas that I stayed downtown off of the strip. I will definitely go back. How often have you called the desk to check out and have the operator ask how your day is going? The facility was great, the room was great and clean, and the staff bent over backwards to accomodate me. The strip is a $20 cab fare away but why would you stay on the strip when you can stay at the Golden Nugget for $49.00/night. I was impressed!!	
Mar 20 2009 	Best in Downtown Vegas...	I read some of the reviews of the Golden Nugget before we picked this hotel and I must say the reviews were not really fair. The room( in the South Tower) was very nice and the walk from the lobby really wasn't that far. The value book they give out saved us quite a bit of money back. The one big negative about the Nugget is the 6 to 5 pay out on blackjack. You can go across the street and get 3 to 2 on all blackjack games. I did no gambling at the Nugget but our stay there was excellent!	
Mar 20 2009 	Nice Hotel but Not worth it having to buy all services A La Carte	The room was nice and clean, colors outdated but no big deal. The hotel sent an email confirmation stating that the room we would get would be based on first come, first serve. Knowing that we wanted a King bed, smoking room, I called the reservation 800 number. To secure this exact room we had to pay an extra $22.20. We were driving and not going to get to Vegas and find out we had a double bed and it was non-smoking. So we paid the extra. When we arrived, we parked in the self park and went to check in. We had to carry all of our things from the parking garage, down 5 stories, through the hotel, up 20 stories and down about 1500 ft to our hotel room without a cart. No carts anywhere, unless you wanted to pay a bell-hop to take your items for you. We get into the room and find out that it is $12.99 per day PER laptop to use the internet. Do they not get enough of our money in the Casino? Come ON! Will not stay there again. Having to pay extra for everything, you may as well pay for a room on the Strip. Other than that, the hotel is still under construction, not too much noise. There is a terrible odor in the elevator area of the South Tower. It was there for our whole 2 day stay. They do however have a decent casino and play rather great music. The Buffet for lunch was ok. Glad it was only 10 bucks. Not bad, but not the best I've had either. One thing to note, the South Tower Elevators are only accessible by walking past the desk with the sales people who are trying to get you into Golden Nugget's timeshares. Expect to get asked each and every time you go to and from your elevators.	
Mar 18 2009 	Wonderful Wedding Spot	We recently hosted my daughter's wedding and most of the wedding party and guests stayed at the Golden Nugget, site of the wedding and reception. Silke Hunt was our contact for the ceremony and reception and did a great job. We managed to bring 70 guests, about 25 from Scotland, many from the Shetland Islands, to Las Vegas and even had Elvis Presley himself perform at the reception. All of that was great! Now on the to rooms. I booked the parlor suite which was the best idea of all. Not only did I host my daughter and her four bridesmaids on the day of the wedding for hair and makeup sessions from a local woman found on the internet, I had a cocktail party for the families to meet, and found my room to be the site of several impromptu gatherings. The parlor suite features a separate bedroom and bathroom connected to a large living room area with a couch, two large chairs, a table and four chairs, a television, another full bathroom, a bar, sink, and refrigerator. The price was great too, it wound up being around $500 for that room for four nights. Also enjoyed the Fremont Experience right outside the front doors of the casino, Golddiggers nightclub, and other downtown casinos which we walked to. Highly recommended, will return to the Golden Nuggel.	
Mar 16 2009 	Good Value downtown	I would say this hotel is about as good as any 4 star on the strip but being downtown you can wander between a half dozen other casinos and take in the fun on fremont so easily.	
Mar 16 2009 	much better than expected	stayed here over 3/12-15 with a few buddies for the golf weekend, low expectations since first time staying downtown - wow, much better than expected. rooms were big enough (south tower), and pool was one of best in area with slide and &quot;dive bar&quot; real convenient, best thing about place though is its spot on corner in &quot;new and improved&quot; downtown, everything from the low roller tables to good eating within walking distance - not like on strip where everything is miles apart. this place is clean and well kept, and service oriented, everyone i asked anything of was very helpful, will stay here again.	
Mar 15 2009 	Terrible incident	We stayed at the Golden Nugget as we had in the past and have had a good time.We came to Las Vegas to get married on Valentine's Day. We checked in on Thursday night, Feb. 12, 2009. When we checked in we checked to see if they would up grade our room since we were getting married, no not at this hotel. Our friends had gotten married earlier in Las Vegas and they were up graded to a suite, but this was not the case at the Golden Nugget. Friday morning we were gone from our room for 2 hours to walk down to get our marriage license. In the 2 hours that we were gone they had cleaned our room and stole the jewlrey that I was going to wear to my wedding on Saturday. I called security immediately and they came up to our room and I completed a form, and that was it. They did no investigation, and now it is a month later and no report and no phone calls, no apology. NOTHING Apparently the Golden Nugget allows the cleaning staff to come into your rooms and steal from the guests while they are out of the room.We will never stay at the Golden Nugget again.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great hotel buffet and value!!!	The Golden Nugget's location right on the Fremont Street Experience was perfect. We checked in, walked up to a bar in the casino to get 2 free drinks (from coupon book they gave us at check-in), and right out into Fremont Street. The room was very nice, comfortable bed with great pillows. The next morning we enjoyed an awesome buffet, using the &quot;Buy 1, Get 1 Free&quot; buffet coupon from the aforementioned coupon book! We accidentally timed it perfectly by getting in right as breakfast was ending and lunch starting, so we paid the cheaper breakfast price and got to eat breakfast and lunch food. We didn't use the pool, but the slide through the shark tank looked amazing. We will definitely stay at the Golden Nugget next time we go to Vegas!	
Mar 13 2009 	Golden Nugget - Great place to stay	Just got back from a 4 day trip to Vegas to celebrate a friend's birthday. We stayed at the Golden Nugget in the South Tower. Rooms were nice, not fancy, but somewhat updated and clean. The distance to the South Tower was minimal - the casino isn't that big. The staff was friendly, dealers very helpful and nice. We spend a lot of time at the pool, which is nicely heated. Unfortunately, they are doing construction and the hot tub is totally torn up. In addition, lots of noise! We like the downtown area, but the cab fares did add up on our trips to the strip. Will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 11 2009 	First class on a dime	more than a dime but a great deal especially for senior-agers.everrything great from check-in to check-outonly complait was outside construction noise on one of 3 nightsdowntown location excellent ...several other casions and restaurants only a few steps awayslots were tight but hey, Vegas is hurting.	
Mar 11 2009	We will never stay anywhere else but the Golden Nugget	Stayed at the Nugget From Feburary 22nd to the 26th. Second time staying here and cannot see any reason to change.We had a North Tower room near the elevator.Very quiet and close access to elevators.Fantastic room and service Highly recommended!!!!	
Mar 11 2009 	Loved it!	WE came here with two other couples. We had rooms all near eachother and partied pretty hard. :o) Check in was perfect, with the most nicest of young man, I wish I could remember his name.....The rooms are roomy and well appointed. The pool and slide are all fun. We especially liked the MALE sharks!!! (you will know what I am talking about, when you see them)Downtown Vegas is a hoppin' place.......We will be back!	
Mar 8 2009 	Great time at the Golden Nugget!!	This was our second stay at the Golden Nugget and we had a blast. We were able to get a great deal on a spa suite. We were not given one of the new, updated rooms, but the room was very clean and very nice. Housekeeping is great! We ate at Vic and Anthony's one night and would highly recommend it. Great service and great food! We were not able to get to the pool this time as it was pretty windy and a bit chilly. On a previous visit in May, we rented a cabana at the pool and it was very relaxing. The service is wonderful. There were only two negative aspects to our trip. The slots are very tight. We did not see anyone winning other than one person win 2,000 on a penny machine. We like to play 3 card poker. Most of the dealers and floor supervisors were very nice and alot of fun. However, the later evening shift on a Tuesday was an exception. The dealer asked the floor supervisor to pick up our 24 Karat cards (3 times) so that we could get credit for our bets. The supervisor completely ignored the dealer and us. If Jesse is there when you sit down to play, don't bother. Over all we will definitley stay again. We really enjoy downtown.	
Mar 7 2009 	stayed may times and loved it	We have been staying at the Nugget for years. We find it very pretty, clean and the staff are nice. They treat us like royalty and are not. The free soda is hard to come by but with the economy i suppose you have to cut somewhere to keep the prices low. Our rooms are always nice. We love it there	
Mar 4 2009 	Married in Vegas- Nugget made it Perfect!	This was my first visit to Las Vegas and it was for my wedding. I wanted to stay in 'real' Vegas and not on the strip, I chose the Golden Nugget in part due to their website and also due to value of the property. We stayed for 4 nights for $200 total. The location of the property on Fremont Street was perfect. The pool area was great, but the hours were lacking, the set-up of deck chairs made it difficult to reach your chair without getting other people wet. The pool attendents looked bored and I often wondered if they even had lifesaving skills due to the extreme boredom positions they would flop around in? Non-guests would wander in and out of the pool area to see the giant aquarium which made for an awkward and busy swimming experience.We had a group and all were booked in the south tower (19th floor) and the front desk staff was kind enough to re-work some room assighments to put our entire group on the same floor. The only thing that was a little confusing was finding the property from Main Street, it is under construction and the car park is not marked at all and we drove past it several times before finding the tiny golden nugget sign marking the way. The car parking facilities are free for paying guests and was handy. The rooms were large, the bed was comfy. The cleaning staff were REALLY thorogh even throwing out items not placed in or near the trash bins that we had wanted to keep as souvenirs, but they considered garbage. The buffet was disapointing, however we had coupon offers for buy one get one free which made this slightly better. The service staff in the buffet was fantastic. The Red Sushi bar was amazing, extremely expensive perhaps a little too much for the Golden Nugget, but it was a nice treat. We had our wedding meal at the Grotto and showed up without reservations needing seating for 16, they happily and quickly found us two large tables near each other and we had a pleasant experience, the food was fantastic and the service staff was wonderful.I wasn't happy having to pay to use internet service in my room, but this is Vegas and nothing is free!	
Feb 27 2009	Absolutely lovely hotel. Fantastic stay but exceptionally rude staff let it down	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a week as part of a 6 month round the world trip and the accomodation is of the highest standard. We could not complain about any aspect of the Golden Nugget except that the reception staff are simply rude and it lets the hotel down terribly as the staff in all the other areas are generally o.k. apart from pool attendants and security guards but you don't expect the reception staff to be so abrupt!Downtown Vegas is very different from The Strip but I definitely think you get quality in the Golden Nugget that could not be compared in a hotel on The Strip at a very reasonable price. The pool area is lovely however does become very crowded so you have to be quick to nab your sunlounger! The restaurants in the hotel are o.k. not spectacular and not that cheap but there are so many places to eat along the Freemont Street experience you don't need to rely on what's on offer in the GN. The rooms are very big and really nice!	
Feb 26 2009 	Great hotel and casino	I have to admit, I was a little nervous about staying downtown. I wasn't familiar with staying downtown. We loved the Golden Nugget! The room was extremely clean which is a must for my stayovers. The room was very nicely decorated and it was a standard room. It looked newly updated. There were fresh robes awaiting us and we got the best sleep in the extremely comfortable king sized bed. They also offered many coupons including a buy one get one buffet coupon. Both of us were stuffed on ten dollars. All Vegas travelers must experience downtown especially if yoyu like that &quot;Old Vegas&quot; feel. I will stay there again. The pool is also amazing with a huge aquarium containing sharks and a clear tunnel slide that runs through the aquarium. I will recommend the Golden Nugget to everyone.	
Feb 25 2009 	20th Floor South Tower	Great room with several extras, quite comfortable and pleasant, modern and clean. Housekeeping and desk staff pleasant and helpful. Casino is nicest downtown, buffet was a bit disappointing (Main St. Station is still best buffet and best value). The GN is nice balance of a classy hotel that doesn’t get too snooty or stuffy (that used to be their problem – seemed to have fixed that). Definitely would return on a special offer which often appear.	
Feb 20 2009 	Good value	The Golden Nugget, while an older hotel, is reasonably well-maintained. We had stayed once before and were pleased. We stayed three nights for $59 per night and found the value excellent. The room was quite large, which we liked. It had a refresh recently, including a decent size LCD TV. The staff was very friendly and efficient. We were amazed at how fast a maintenance man swapped out the innards of the heating unit. From phone call to completion of the fix, it took less than five minutes - an all-time record. The only negative is being away from the strip, to which we had to drive each time. While not onerous, next time, we will probably stay on the strip so that we can just walk back to the hotel after walking around at night. Although, I would not be surprised if we visit the Nugget again, because it is such an excellent value.	
Feb 20 2009 	Fun Downtown ~ enjoyed Nugget	My husband and I spent a week in Vegas. We own a timeshare at the Marriott. We always enjoy visiting downtown, so we decided to spend one night down there. I was lucky enough to book one night in the south tower for $39.00 per night. I would consider this an excellent rate. Room location was nothing special, 3rd floor, view of roof, but heck we paid $39.00. Room looked recently redone. Very comfy king bed, bathroom was fine, enjoyed the vanity with makeup mirror and thought it was a nice touch to have robes. My only complaint was that the room did not really get cool. To be fair, we did not complain or ask them to fix it.The pool is amazing with a slide going through the shark tank. There are some very nice looking cabanas, would definately rent one in nice weather. We had a great time visiting all of the casinos and watching the light show each hour. I felt like we had a vacation within our vacation. Would definately stay at GN again.	
Feb 18 2009 	If you enjoy being verbally abused while handing them money head for the GN casino!	My husband and I, along with extended family from all over the west and a group of friends from home made our yearly trip to the GN Feb. 13-17. I have never been so disappointed - the service/atmosphere has changed tremendously for the worse. We (the entire group) had seven rooms in the North Tower on different levels. Two rooms in the South Tower as they were &quot;sold out&quot; in the North.It was Valentine's holiday so my husband decided to surprise me with a Club Room. It was a beautiful room with tasteful appointments - cd player complete with Frank Sinatra cds, large plasma/hd tv, clock with iPod station, free bottled Figi water,etc. However, coffee promised near elevator? It was there one morning during our stay. The &quot;food/snacks&quot; consisted of m&amp;m's, granola, chocolate covered rasins and a bowl of apples. It was there one day but all of it was gone by 11am over the weekend and not refilled all day. I had an apple on the day we checked in and found a bottle of water. The goodies were in bowls with spoons but I saw ppl dip there hands in for a handful. eww!The bed was very comfortable with lots of pillows! Bathroom was nice with tv built into the mirror. Bath robes and slippers provided. Our maid was wonderful and our room was cleaned to perfection every day.Do NOT expect &quot;express room service&quot; as it took an hour and a half to get mediocre food at room service rates. You can hear everything (and I mean EVERYTHING) in the room next to you. We were on the 17th floor. WiFi did not work for our stay. Pretty pointless to book a room on this level unless you really stay in the room the entire stay. View was of the mountains in background. Nothing special.Here's the ugly...Casino - As stated, we were on a yearly trip always staying at GN with family and friends. We were there in August for our anniversary and labor day with a wonderful stay too. So we are really wondering..WHAT HAPPENED???? At the end of this trip three of us had been verbally accosted - I was called a [-] by a pit supervisor in front of everyone remaining at the table! 3 card poker with some great ppl from MN and others. I had previously heard some mumblings about us &quot;midwesterners&quot; but let it go. Instead of simply stating &quot;Hi folks, It's late and I will be closing this table down in 10 minutes&quot; we kind of chuckled as the pit boss walked by and quietly upped the minimum from 5 per hand, to 10, to 25 without a word. We had been playing for a couple of hours at wayyy more than the minimum, having fun with the dealer (who was very nice btw) and tipping as well. Perfectly understandable that they would close down a table if it were empty but it was not. When the &quot;pit supervisor&quot; upped it to 25 (remember 3 card is 3 bets!) I had money on the table and was finishing a hand while others looked on. This guy arrogantly called the bet off as I &quot;was not playing the minimum bet&quot;. Huh? You just turned it in the middle of a hand!? I was not happy at all but when I went to walk away.. he called me that in front of everyone in the casino and loud enough to hear. When I turned and said &quot;what did you just call me?&quot; He had the audacity to repeat it. Even the kind ppl who had been sitting next to me were in awe. I really don't know who this guy thought he was but wow..there was absolutely no reason for it.We could not believe that in a casino hotel of this &quot;caliber&quot; had no GM on duty. This guy just grinned and asked &quot;what are YOU going to do about it?&quot; No manager was on duty or at least no one wanted to deal with me -I was crying at that point. Go figure.This is not our first trip ..take a look at my profile - not pretentious or a snob of any kind. I simply like kind ppl, comfortable surroundings and beleive that you should take care of your &quot;guests&quot;. You simply expect someone in upper management to contact you about such an issue even the next morning. They were probably all off playing on a holiday weekend - this is Wednesday evening and we have heard nothing.I must say one lady who was also a pit super from that evening sent to pacify me..so &quot;generously&quot; took off a whopping 35.00 charge from our bill on our final day. The head of security at least called back but told us to write to the GM. Wow. (and he/she can't take care of this because???)On another evening - late on our last night our friends wanted to gamble before bed so they were at the crap table where one guy was referred to as an &quot;[-] in front of everyone. I was on my way to my room when our friends called me over. The dealers will mock you behind your back so watch out - this guy had played for days on several trips to this casino, tips well and is one of the nicest guys you will meet. Also, know that the F word flies freely so consider yourself warned if you are sensitive to this kind of language. I hope if you decide to gamble here you understand these guys can rip you off and call you every name in the book and WILL get away with it. I don't know what is going on with this place but for these reasons we will head to another casino on our next trip.Since I don't want to just list the bad - we had fun despite the situations (they are NOT going to get away with wrecking our trip) here are some good points-We did meet many nice guests and I really enjoyed playing craps with the couple next to me who had the most amazing roll I have ever seen. Congrats again dear - you deserved it!During warm months the pool is amazing. There were many ppl IN the heated pool but it was too cold to lay out near it or that is where I would have stayed after the casino assault. The bar near the pool serves amazing bloody marys. :)Rent a cabana -so nice. The RED restaraunt for sushi is wonderful and the wine bar is quite nice for socializing. Carson Cafe had great food and drinks for reasonable resort prices. Next time to Vegas we will try Four Queens - we spent much of the next day there gambling and found the dealers and bartenders (while playing Video Poker) to be the best! I love staying downtown as it is fun to be able to visit many casinos in one area  DH is returning with friends next week but is NOT returning to GN. It's a shame that such a beautiful hotel has such ugly staff and needs so much improvement before we will ever return. One more note..we have also stayed at NY/NY, Bellagio and Binions before the GN and if you check our trips it is a VERY rare occasion when I have something negative to say. This took the cake.	
Feb 12 2009 	First Experience Downtown Loved The Golden Nugget	Feb. 5 - Feb.7, 2009 Check in was a breeze, we were a little early and our room wasnt hardly ready yet but they held our bags for us, gave us a coupon book and told us come back in an hour. We walked around the casino, checked out the pool &amp; sharktank area and then back to the front desk, they handed us our room keys and we were off. The room was great, we had a North Tower room, everything was perfect as if we were the first to stay in this room. The Golden Nugget is right in the middle of the Fremont St. Experience, so the location was perfect as we planed on walking to see everything in the downtown area.	
Feb 10 2009 	South Tower - disappointing	Went on trip with husband and friend of husband's. Our friend did not specify North Tower, and got it. We did specify North Tower, but got South Tower. We checked in at the exact same time, and still the Front Desk insisted that's all that had. Okay... For being GN, the room was below average (remember, it's South Tower). Bathroom had one sink, TV was not even a flat screen. Even the 4Q has flat screen TVs in their rooms! I'm sure our friend's room was nicer. It must have been...Slots were tight, but did have luck at video poker. Moved on quickly after a win. Atmosphere was fun - it was football playoffs.Overall, nicest hotel DT, but if you can get upgrades at neighboring hotels, the rooms are probably close to the same for less $, possibly nicer. Comps at GN have really gone down by comparison to other DT casinos. Best advice: Follow the offers.	
Feb 6 2009 	We got this one right	Having been to LV before but not been to Freemont we wanted 2 nights there to soak up the atmoshere, Good decision, its a great expereince - for 2 nights. Super ambiance on traffic ffree Freemont Street especially at the weekends. 5 blocks of overhead digital video and a terrific sound systemBooked direct with the hotel for Jan 16/18 and got a Gold Club room at a decent price which included priority check in - so check in no problem. Good room, quality furnished but nothing really spectacular.Pool area is spacious but overlooked by so many hotel blocks that the sunshine is limited.You can slide down a tube within the shark tank but its hard to see anything on your way down and the sharks are nonplussed.Carson Street cafe is great for quality food and reasonable value.The buffet at 4 queens is excellent, as is the dinner at the FreemontSo... yes 2 nights on freemont street is great. Then back to tthe strip	
Jan 31 2009 	Nice rooms inexpensive poor location fairly tacky vibe	The rooms in the Golden Nugget we of a good standard. The room was clean and amenities were good. The internet was over priced, but to be expected when the room cost $39/night. The downtown location may suit some, but we found this area of Vegas to be very tacky with a lower class of fellow customers. The Fremont Experience is like something out of Brave New World with the audiences undivided attention drawn towards LG ''Life is Good'' advertising. The waterslide through the aquarium is definitely fun, but not worth staying in downtown for. Food within the casino was average, if we hadn't been given 2 for 1 coupons, I wouldn't have eaten there.	
Jan 30 2009 	Another Great Stay	Stayed in a Gold Club Room during the NFL Conference Championship game weekend. Room was great, staff friendly, food was very good as usual. Looking forward to returning.	
Jan 29 2009 	Still Shining!!! Great for The Money	I managed to get a $69 per night room which had been newly remodeled. Huge room and lovely furnishings. Comfy bed and lovely bathroom. A feeling of old Hollywood meets Vegas is here..Classic. The service was excellent from the bellmen to check in, to maid service to the awesome room service attendant I had. Breakfast at the &quot;Nugget&quot; is still very reasonably priced - something hard to find in vegas. They do add that typical room service charge onto the tab, but even with that, a full breakfast of eggs, bacon, hash browns, toast and coffee only cost me around $15-20. Excellent bfast! Room had thick, plush carpeting and bedding - nice shampoos and toiletries in bathroom replaced daily by maids.Great view from room. Outside of hotel is gorgeous at night! Inside is lovely as well.Downsides:This hotel is NOT on the Vegas strip - no where near it! If you want to see anything on the strip, you will need to rent a car or have lots of cash stashed for taxi fare back and forth to the strip. Lucky for me, I had a local friend who was driving me around wherever I wanted to go. Cabs are not cheap here and they wiill try to find the scenic route whenever possible..The spa at the hotel was extremely overpriced and not at all enjoyable. I paid $$$ to have a manicure/pedicure and the woman slaughtered my poor feet. She took too much skin off my feet and I had a hard time walking for almost a week after she got done with me. So not only is it overpriced, they don't know what they are doing in there. Also, for what you pay, they didn't even have the decent pedicure chairs with attached foot bath...My feet were soaking in a bucket!! Do NOT pay the big bucks for a pedicure here.The slots here seemed quite tight. I saw no one winning anything. I did see quite a number of unsavory looking characters lurking around (only in the casino part downstairs) and felt there should have been better security there. Mediocre: All the food eaten at all the restaurants at the hotel - with the exception of the room service bfasts - of course! :-)Overall: Very much worth the money, would stay here again and do what i did last time - stay here for the nice room, but go elsewhere for better gambling and to avoid the unsavory looking characters in the Nugget's casino.	
Jan 23 2009 	Gold Club Room	Background - married couple in their mid to late 50's and retired.We booked our airfare and hotel on a New Years Eve Special and got 50% off both airfare (Southwest Airlines) and our hotel room for 3 nights here at Golden Nugget. Because the fares were so reasonable we opted for a Gold Club Room (Concierge Class).We arrived at the hotel about 2:30pm and went to VIP check in and it took approximately 5 minutes (in the meantime my husband got himself a juice and a bag of pretzels to tide him over until dinner - this is included with the cost of a suite or Gold Club Room). Our room was on the 16th floor near the elevators (as requested at reservation time). I was surprised at the size of the room (large) but I also noticed that our room did not have the L shaped leather sofa and instead included a leather lounger along with a fabric recliner. I would like to add that even if the room had the L shaped sofa it would have still been considered large. The mattress was nice albeit on the firm side, bedding was nice. The room is very dark and it's necessary to have the blind open. Our room faced the Freemont Experience and the Nevada Mountains. The bathroom has a nice amount of counter space but otherwise it's dysfunctional in design.The flat screen tv was okay but the speakers are inadequate for a room this size without turning up the speakers to an unreasonable level (due to neighbors on either side).Included with this room is wifi, coffee in the mornings, bottled water in the afternoons and evenings, along with snacks. I agree with previous reviews concerning the fact that the snacks (choc covered raisins, jelly bellys, peanut m&amp;ms, and trailmix) are open to hands that could have been anywhere (yuck).What we didn't like at all is housekeeping, it's poor at best. We were out of our room before 7:30am each morning and it was after 2pm most days before the room was ready for us again - not satisfactory at all.The air conditioning units are old and are noisy but we are people that like ambient sounds while we sleep anyway. We were able to hear the Freemont Experience from our room and it was somewhat annoying and then on our second morning we heard saws of some kind beginning around 6am - it was background noise but annoying nonetheless.We ate at Carson Street Cafe (good but not what it was even 2 years ago), The Grille (inside the casino area and a very good value with excellent food), and The Grotto (Italian - good). We also ate away from the Golden Nugget.We love the accessibility of downtown (moving from casino to casino without major walking) and we have always felt the Golden Nugget gave us a good experience for the monies spent.	
Jan 20 2009 	Is complimentary coffee not the minimal standard these days?!:)	Spent 4 nights at GN for New Year's Eve. I appreciated the quick and early check in. I arrived and received the room around noon, even though the usual check in time is 3pm. During my stay the service was great from security, to receptionist, room service, and housekeeping etc. The room was very clean, with comfortable pillow top king bed, dark curtains, tv, large nice bathroom, with spa robes, hair dryer, toiletries, iron and ironing board, safe. The heated pool with water slide and fishtank is a nice feature. Still, I cannot give a better rating than average/neutral. For $100 dolars average rate/night I do expect decent treatment, decent conditions as listed above, and more!!!There isnt a coffee maker in the room, excuse me!? Subjective I know, but it's just terrible to not enjoy a slow start with a cup of coffee in bed! The choices are: to pay about 5.50 (small pot of coffee) + 5 (operation fee to all room service orders) + tax + gratuity = which comes to about what? 15 bucks coffee? or to face the world with your morning face, take the elevator to the starbucks &quot;conveniently located&quot; :D right outside the elevators, and get back in bed? Ridiculous! On the down side also, the rooms have outdated looking ac units, settings not very clear, difficult to adjust the room temperature in the winter; first night I woke up frozen, second night was okay but the unit started to make a loud noise that woke me up so I stopped it, third night just folded the blankets in two - that was a good nite, fourth night forgot the heater on -that never stopped and I ended up sick because of the overdry and heated air. Those with allergies/sinuses problems Beware! I ate once at the cafe-(dont remember the name Carson?), food was good. Room service was also good - the prices too - 6 dollars a mimosa:) The pastries at starbucks in the hotel were very fresh and delicious, especially the fruit tart, also cheesecake and danishes. I liked the New Years atmosphere on Fremont outside the hotel. I cannot comment on any other features of the hotel, as I only used it to sleep/rest, then went out sightseeing strip, hoover dam, etc.It's 8.50 + tips the shuttle to and from the airport, which I find convenient. It's about 5 dollars the bus to the strip from what I heard but havent used it. It' s 23 dollars the taxi from the strip -(Luxor area)back to the hotel. Note that it's almost impossible to find a taxi on a holiday night like New Year's Eve, we waited over 15 minutes for one -out of many passing by -to stop and then they ask &quot;how much are u willing to pay!?&quot; It's up to anyone's negociations skills and no less than double:) In conclusion, I would stay at GN again, but I will bring with me a coffee maker and a humidifier..of course, after I check out its competion on the strip first:)	
Jan 19 2009 	Wonderful stay at the GN	My wife and I arrived at the GN after a long day and late flight. We were very pleased to find a pillow top bed awaiting us in our room (352) in the south tower. After a refreshing night sleep we were ready to explore Vegas yet again and promptly caught the Deuce up to the Strip. We were disappointed to discover that Deuce tickets have increased and are now $7 for 24 hrs, however it's Vegas; nothing stays the same. The weather was gorgeous for January and a few brave guests were using the pool. Many more were enjoying the warm sunshine on the lounge chairs poolside. We booked five nights at $39 plus tax arriving on Sunday night. It was a great rate and another great stay at the GN.	
Jan 17 2009 	Efficient comfortable hotel	I spent six nights at the GN coinciding with CES. The hotel is expensively finished (marble floors in the public areas) and the room was pleasant and comfortable.Parking in the adjacent garage was free to residents and there were always free spaces.Because I was here on a working trip, I was getting to breakfast before seven. The staff was inflexible, not seating us in an empty cafe until additional servers started at 7 am. On several occasions service was very slow in the cafe.My room was nicely appointed and in good order. All the plumbing worked as expected and the supply of toiletries was good.The Starbucks on the south side opens at 5 am and the one in the casino is open 24/7, but that doesn't make up for the absence of a coffee maker in the room.The other downside was that guests tended to smoke around the lobby area and in the lifts, but that's a Vegas problem rather than specific to the GN.	
Jan 15 2009 	Rent a Car!	My wife and I just recently returned from the 2009 CES show (her company was presenting). The first night we stayed at Harrahs, which was more updated/modern hotel. And of course it's right in the middle of the action. The Golden Nugget was not updated, but I didn't mind--it had that old swanky charm to it. And it's in Downtown, I think not at all in walking distance.The Golden Nugget's main area's were updated and fancy enough, I loved the idea of the pool and the shark tank with the fish and sharks swimming by. You can see it from the lobby. Their buffet was closed, so we used the two-for-one coupon given at checkin for a main entree instead at the cafe. It was ok, just not as good a deal had it been the buffet.We're from Boston, and in my reading on Vegas nobody mentioned that there is PLENTY of FREE parking. Seriously. At least when we went. Every hotel has a self-park lot, which we were plenty happy with--let alone the valet service which we didn't even try. Some people complained about the Strip being a &quot;parking lot&quot;, but we didn't find it that bad at all (again, Boston). The reason I mention this is that the Golden Nugget is a long 3+ mi to the top of the Strip, which itself is 4 miles long. I wholeheartedly recommend getting a car to explore Vegas: save your energy for walking inside the huge resorts, rather than between them. The resorts themselves are so full of detail, you can easily get mentally and physically tuckered out. Perhaps at most you can do two a day (if looking at the architecture/sites is your thing). We had no problem getting from the middle of the Strip to Downtown where the Golden Nugget is by car. We had to return the car early, so a taxi from MGM Grand to GN was $25. Rent the car. We stayed here because at the time it had the lowest rate for the supposedly higher quality (hotwire &quot;4 star&quot; for $75 a night, during CES). I disagree with the stars (lower). But obviously if you can get a cheap room on the strip, do it. Otherwise, stay downtown if it's cheaper and rent a car, it's really not a problem at all, I found the size of Vegas to actually be more car friendly than walk friendly.	
Jan 10 2009 	GN still the best value in Vegas	Spent 7 nites at the Nugget to bring in the new year. We have been staying at the Nugget at least once a year for the past 7 years and we are always pleased with our stay. We had one experience on the strip and much prefer the downtown area for our &quot;home&quot; base. We always rent a car; this is very reasonable in Vegas. This trip we rented a car from Advantage for 8 days for a total of $117. We make 4 to 5 trips to different casinos on the strip and enjoy some of the restaurants in the area (love Peppermill and Rosemarys). This trip we were in an upgraded South Tower Room (preferred since this area is close to the Self Parking garage) which featured flat screen TV, new art work on the walls, new mattress, new shower head and heating/air conditioning unit. As usual everything was clean. Our only three disappointment were (1) the lacking of any bath mats or small rugs for the bathroom tub area (twice I asked one of the cleaning ladies and both times was told &quot;don't have any&quot;), (2) sheets that don't stay tucked in...every morning the bed was a mess and we aren't &quot;toss and tuner&quot; sleepers, and (3) the towels - they need to be replaced! They are rough and some smelled sour - yuck.We do very little gambling at the Nugget since the other downtown hotels have looser slots and $3/5 blackjack which my husband plays.On January first the buffet was closed for renovations (no one could tell me for how long) AND Lillie's was also closed (tho no explanation was noted and again no one could tell me why).We will keep returning to the Nugget because it is such a great value and we are very comfortable there.	
Jan 5 2009 	I'll never be scared of the South Tower again	I found a great deal at Hotwire that only had a South Tower option. I've never stayed in the South Tower only the North Tower.I was pleasantly surprised. Everyone always says the walk from the South Tower to the casino is so far but it's not. What else am I doing but sitting and gambling, so what's a few minutes of walking. The room is basic and not huge but it's clean and the bed is comfortable... what more could I ask for for around $50/night.The best part of my stay was what I like to call &quot;spa day&quot;My wonderful husband offered to treat me to a massage so I booked myself the &quot;pamper package&quot; which includes a 50 minute massage along with a mani/pedi. And you can use the spa facilities. So first I worked out in the gym then I took a dip in the hot tub. Then I got an amazing massage followed by a really great mani/pedi... Well worth the $199 for everything. They also throw in fruit, juices, water, trail mix to snack on... just so relaxing and wonderful.My only complaint with the hotel is that they wanted to charge me a &quot;half day rate&quot; of $25 just to check out at 1pm instead of noon... That's ridiculous.The hotel lost out because instead of having our breakfast there we checked out went someplace else. It wasn't the $25 so much as the nickel and diming... I mean I already lost almost $1k in gambling so why should I have to pay them $25 for an extra hour in their hotel.	
Dec 30 2008 	Christmas at the Golden Nugget - North Tower Room	My seventy-five year old mother and I stayed at the Golden Nugget for four nights starting on Wednesday, December 24th, 2008. We booked a North Tower room and when making our reservations online, we requested a room on the top floor, away from the elevator and the Fremont Street Experience, and we received a room on the tenth floor of the North Tower at the end of the hall overlooking the pool area. The North Tower is located just off from the hotel lobby and an easy walk to the main casino floor (as opposed to the South Tower).The large room included two queen-sized beds, each with three pillows on them, a clock radio, two comfy chairs beside a round table, one office-type chair with a table/desk, one regular chair next to the make-up table, a large HD television with about 20+ channels and a remote, and an iron/ironing board in the closet area, along with an extra pillow. We also found the doors slammed quite loudly, so we tried to close them as quietly as possible during our early morning gambling excursions.The medium-sized bathroom included three sets of towels, bottles of shampoo, conditioner and lotion, as well as a bar of facial soap and a bar of bath soap. There was a very nice handle in the shower, that my mother was able to use to get in and out of with ease.The parking garage is across from the hotel on First Street and was almost always full. If you are staying at the Golden Nugget, you will be issued a parking permit which you will show, along with your parking ticket, to exit.The casino is very large and crowded, with not much space to move around in. Despite staying four nights, my mother and I gambled elsewhere during our stay, as past visits to the Golden Nugget's casino resulted in empty pockets....The hotel is located in the Fremont Street Experience area, within walking distance of quite a few casinos. At night there is a light show, which is very entertaining.After taxes, the average rate per night for Room 1006 in the North Tower came to $79.37 U.S. Funds. We received a mailer from the hotel with this special rate, which was cheaper than the rate for the South Tower we had originally booked.Overall, we were very comfortable in the room as it was clean, but would probably stay in the South Tower next Christmas if the price for the North Tower jumps back to normal.	
Dec 30 2008 	Listen 	Read the other GN reviews, they are mostly good &amp; say all that needs to be said, about the fantastic stays to be had at the GN. At GN you get MORE than you pay for, what a bargain!Here are some LV/GN pointers:1. Get a rental car. The cost for a 3 day vacation is less than $20/ day (that is the cost of a ONE WAY trip to the strip) they provide maps for you, LV is not that difficult to drive around. It's WELL worth the cost. One more thing, get reservations at more than 1 rental car place (ie., Thrifty &amp; Dollar) for price comparison &amp; whichever line is shorter, use THAT reservation, the other you don't have to pay for (just forget about it). Taxi fare is NOT FAIR &amp; very expensive, don't pay them to drive you around!2. If you go Casino Hopping use Valet everywhere. There is NO Parking or Valet Fees, All you have to do is TIP the attendant a few bucks ($2-$3). The amount for 10 stops is still less than one round trip to &amp; from the strip. If your NOT a big spender don't worry about it, a few bucks is plenty. The valet guys appriciate any tip they get &amp; they get taken care of by the BIG tippers that come along frequently. They also are VERY willing to give any directions you might need to where ever you are going.3. I had well over an hour wait (close to 2 hrs) checking in at a hotel on the strip a few years ago &amp; learned my lesson. Ask for VIP/Diamond check in where ever you go. Most hotels offer this for a small fee, it's $20 at the GN. They have a separate check in &amp; lounge, for you to SIT &amp; wait, while drinking a beverage &amp; munching on a snack, IF there is anyone checking in ahead of you. The volume of this type of service is usually quite LOW, so if there are any mixups, the person helping you is NOT in a BAD mood (due to the stress of handling High volume business all day). They treat you like a VIP, instead of an average Joe (or Joan). This is a bargain as far as I'm concerned, $20 well spent (some places it's FREE, all you have to do is ask ahead of time!) This also helps check out, if the TV check out is not working, just drop off your key card here &amp; your DONE. 4. Bring your Swimwear! When the temp goes up in LV, there are only two places to be: inside gambling or outside in the pool! Most pools in LV are not just a Swim, they are an ADVENTURE, especially at GN!5. Make sure you TIP the dealers! There is nothing like sitting at a table, where the dealer is UPSET, because there is someone at the table REFUSING to tip the dealer! I was once at a table where a player won about a dozen hands &amp; did NOT tip the dealer a anything. The dealer was throwing cards almost OFF the table, the rest of the players were trying to HIDE &amp; the non-tipper did not have a clue that he was doing anything wrong, he just did not believe in sharing the wealth.	
Dec 30 2008 	Great for the Price	We just returned from a 4 night stay at the Golden Nugget. This was our 4th visit to the Nugget so we've witnessed the evolution of this property since it was purchased by Landry's.The improvements include a nicer, more comfortable casino with generally good drink service. The pool is awesome and the atmosphere in the common areas is much classier. However, service has suffered since the Nugget was owned by MGM. I remember during our 1st stay we were treated like royalty by everyone from the front desk clerks to the parking garage attendants. Our room was perfectly maintained by the housekeeping staff. The service has lost that personal touch. No one was rude - just not as friendly as in the past.We stayed in the south tower at an average rate of $54.00 a night. Don't get me wrong - for that price the room was good. It was just lacking a couple of simple things that could easily make it high class again. For instance, one night we had no wash cloths. Some of the towels were frayed around the edges. The sheets were too small for the bed to remain tucked in and the carpet in the halls was stained and worn.On the plus side, the beds have been upgraded to pillow top mattresses. The room had a flat screen TV with an impressive selection of channels for a casino hotel. The room was quiet although we did have a hard time regulating the temperature. It was cold outside but we still had to run the AC to be comfortable. The fan motor was pretty noisy and should probably be replaced. The next visit we'll probably upgrade to a North Tower room if it's not too much more expensive.We ate at the buffet on Christmas Day. It was nothing impressive - especially for $20.00 a person. The buffet at Main Street Station is much better and costs less. We also had breakfast at Carson Street Cafe and were pleased with the quality and the price.All in all, we had a good trip. The weather was unusually cold. Next time we'll visit in the summer so we can enjoy the pool.	
Dec 29 2008 	Truely an welcomed experience	The Golden Nugget is the 'Queen' of downtown. The accomodations were excellent. Of course she's older but well maintained. The 3rd tower construction was not intrusive to the stay. It's been awhile since I've been to Vegas and done the strip thing. The strip is grand of course but downtown is far the best for the business traveler.	
Dec 27 2008 	My favorite property in Las Vegas!	I’m a Las Vegas local but I love to stay at hotels here in town when I see a good deal or have a birthday/anniversary. From the first time I visited the Golden Nugget I fell in love-the pool is amazing, the property maintains a touch of “old” but mostly new and updated, and a great location (I love Fremont). The property in my book gets an 11 out of 10 – the rooms are really nice at affordable rates (please tell me where you can find a 4 diamond resort in this country for $59 a night other then Las Vegas!?!), the amenities are amazing, and the Food &amp; Beverage outlets are impressive (although I would expect so much with the hotel now being run by a Food &amp; Beverage company). On this specific trip I stayed 2 nights for my birthday to pretty much drink at the pool during the day and relax in a nice comfy bed. We ate at the buffet for breakfast (2 for 1-$10) for a great breakfast buffet; we had room service-decent, and ate dinner one night at Grotto (very good we had a FEAST for $100 including a few drinks). My only complaint with the property was some of the customer service I received. I presently work for a strip property in customer service and have reasonable expectations (I understand things that might upset your typical guests and I try not to ask for too much BUT at the same time it takes an extra step to WOW me). The front desk clerk at check in wasn’t friendly and seemed to be just “doing his job” as we say – he didn’t explain anything to me I had to ask questions to get anything out of him. I had issues with the authorization on my card (they over authorized on incidentals) and when I called the front desk to ask why, I stated the clerk who checked me in told me it would only be $100 a night and I’m being hit $130 a night – they replied “the system sometimes does that”. I was using a debit that a family member had pre-paid for my trip for me as a gift with the exact amount for room &amp; tax + $100 incidentals on it. An authorization on a debit card is as good as a cash withdrawal in most circumstances – and asked the hotel manager that if my account over withdrew due to this lack of information given to me were they going to cover my over withdrawal fees passed on to my family member-they said no and were very rude about the situation. I clearly signed off on $100 incidentals a night on my registration card, so if I wanted to take legal action I could. Luckily no over withdrawal fees were passed and all was fine &amp; dandy with me-but it was the manner both front desk reps and managers handled the situation that left a sour taste in my mouth. On a positive note every dealer, server, and food &amp; beverage representative was great – I would highly suggest a retraining of the front desk staff on 4 Diamond Standards. The incident with the front desk will not keep me away from the G-Nug, I love it way too much, but some less understanding guests may not return if they were to encounter a similar incident.	
Dec 27 2008	Bad bad experience	've been staying in the Golden Nugget for 30 years, however for this visit, I found out that they can put you in a double room even if your reservation is for a king AND that there is no valet parking OR self parking! It is all full. I am miserable here. Price is no object. Please tell me the best place to stay! I have to get out of here.	
Dec 26 2008 	Still the best downtown  even with a few minor issues	We have been to Las Vegas many many times, but now prefer to stay downtown since the value is much better. We have stayed at the Golden Nugget before, but it has been about 3 years since our last stay there. We stayed at the Golden Nugget for 2 nights, Dec. 16 and 17. We got a good deal through their email for $39 a night , South Tower, which also included a coupon book for 2 for 1 meals, free drinks, match plays etc. Upon arriving there was no line and we checked in right away. As we walked to our room we noticed that the carpet in the hallways could use a cleaning, it wasn't horrible, but had dirty spots, not that big of a deal. Upon entering the room it was clean, and was what we booked, (king bed non smoking room). The room had a flat screen t.v. and a nice view of the mountains. The South Tower is the older tower , the North Tower is more updated. The rooms are still nice and probably some of the nicest downtown. Some minor problems were a toothpick left on the bed when we checked in and the bathroom door knob was loose. Other than that we had no real complaints. The casino is nice, a bit pricier than other downtown tables might be, but also much nicer. We ate at the buffet twice and the food was very good both times. Due to the weather we did not use the pool or water slide, so I cannot comment on those. It is a nice hotel, the nicest downtown and we would stay here again. Next time we will probably spend the extra $$ for a North Tower room which is a little nicer and located closer to the casino. We prefer to stay downtown as we have seen most of what the strip has to offer and can stay downtown for a fraction of the cost. If you want to head to the stip you can catch the bus or cab and spend the day. All in all the Golden Nugget is the pride of downtown and don't be afraid to stay here. The staff, hotel, casino and restaurants are all good.	
Dec 19 2008 	Best Value Downtown!	This was our first trip to Las Vegas and we just loved it. The Nugget is located on Fremont Street in downtown and has the perfect location. If your with a party that doesn't want to do miles and miles of walking this is the spot to be. Walk right outside the hotel and you can walk 10 steps to another casino! Plus, Fremont street is their backyard which has light shows and all kinds of activites and crazy stunts going on 24/7! Plus it's all free! We didn't win any money at the Nugget, but I can understand that with the great renovation they just did--they need the money! But it's great! Go there and see for yourself!	
Dec 18 2008 	Friendly hotel staff	I went by myself to recover from a surgery. Truth be told, I don't gamble in casinos.I stayed in the South Tower, on the 22nd Floor - the top floor. I paid $20 extra for VIP check-in/check-out. You go into a special lounge to check in/out, and avoid the unwashed (just kidding). Also, you are more likely to get the room that you request. It is worth it to me.The rooms on the 22nd floor are all recently remodeled, and virtually identical to the rooms in the more expensive North Tower. So if you stay at the Nugget, try to get on the 22nd Floor.My room was fine. I think I paid $60.00 per night, and stayed about 10 days/nights. I was happy with my stay, and plan to return.Their buffet is out of this world - delicious! I hear it is rated one of the top in Vegas.I only have one criticism. The 22nd Floor is supposed to be a non-smoking floor. They will fine you for smoking in the room.This is great, but what about fining people for smoking in the common areas of the floor too?? While I was there, these jerk partiers couldn't smoke in their rooms, so they go out into the hall to do it, and some of the smoke comes in my room.But I can understand how something like that would be pretty hard to control. Anyhoo, I recommend the Golden Nugget !	
Dec 15 2008	Best Place Downtown	We have stayed in Vegas many times, The Golden Nugget was absolutely amazing!!! Our new fav., service was great, food was great! Check in was to the point I did however did get upgraded due to my b-day, to the newly remodeled South Tower room on the 17th floor which included an pillow top king sized bed-slept oh so great!, flat screen tv...the bed was to die for, and complimentary robes!!!! The room was very clean, bathroom even more clean.:) Very easy to get to room, time share respected wishes not to be bothered, and remembered faces. VIC AND ANTHONYS was to die for...GREAT steak, friendly service, GREAT wine lists and a little tip portions are large enough for two. Room service is reasonable, prompt, and very good-I think it comes from the Carson St. Cafe which is also very good; and with the coupon book you can save 2 dollars an person to eat there. My husband and I looked at other casinos downtown and by far The G.N. is the best choice!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not to mention the night life is also great the Gold Diggers Club within the casino offers an great night life experience, with NO cover charge and a great view of the Fremont experience. Taxi is an preferred choice to traveling to the strip the ranging from 20-to30 dollars. Or you can save money by traveling on the Deuce&quot;the bus&quot;for about 5 dollars on an all day pass be advised, a lot more rough people. All in all the G.N. is an great choice-less crowds, less hassle and everything in extreme close range!!!!!!!!!!!!:)	
Dec 11 2008	pleasantly surprised	We stayed at the North Tower of the Golden Nugget. The king sized mattress was the Most comfortable I've ever slept on, the down bedding heavenly...The flat screen tv was surprisingly huge, was a great room! Our son was getting married so we had booked him a suite; it wasn't ready so GN upgraded them to a fabulous two-story spa suite, complete with spiral staircase, marble, full bar, beday (which our cowboy friends got a kick out of!) We've stayed at the Grand in Steamboat and many other fine hotels but have never seen anything like this suite.. The casino was full of friendly dealers, we think way more friendly than those on the strip.	
Dec 9 2008 	Good as Gold	I thought that I would regret choosing a hotel that wasn't on the strip, but I was quite pleased. The hotel was recently renovated and was elegantly decorated for the holiday season. Check-in could have been a little more efficient as I happened to arrive during NFR week (some rodeo thing. The city was crawling with cowboy hats and the acute stench of stetson cologne), so having more people at the front desk would have been ideal.I stayed for 4 days and was generally pleased with my room. Large flat screen tv and comfortable king bed in a room that had an awesome view of the mountains. The only negatives of the room were the lack of a coffee maker (I needs my java) and the towels were hard and scratchy. I ate at the buffet one of the days and found the staff to be attentive and courteous. The food was good, sans the poor excuse for sushi, but what can you really expect in the middle of the desert?Not being on the strip had it's advantages because I was smack dab in the middle of the Fremont Street Experience where there were free shows happening every night (most likely due to the hoedown that had overtaken the city) and who can beat fried oreos? I was also able to take the Deuce daily for $5 for a 24 hour pass and had an excellent opportunity to get a bird's eye view of the city and really visit a lot of places.Check out could have gone faster and the stairs only exit to the taxi stand made it difficult for an overpacker like me to lug my luggage.The overall stay was good, and if they promise to invest in softner sheets and put a coffee maker in the rooms, I'll definitely be back	
Dec 8 2008	Golden Nugget Las Vegas	The rooms were clean, the beds comfy, the bathrooms were also good. We had 2 rooms, one a disabilty room.The check in time was just ok after a long journey. The room was dissapointing in as much as you could not make yourself a hot drink in the morning. Sure there was a Starbucks, but not everyone wants to get dressed to make a drink and not everyone drinks coffee!Disability access is via the valets area, but I beleive this is being worked on for inclusion in the new entrance.We were on the 16th and 18th floor, my parents had some building noise as the hotel is being increased in size.The valets were excellent I have to say, very happy to help with directions and parking was free.Incidently, parking is free for all main hotels on the strip, you just need to tip the valet guys/girls a great help if you have someone with you who has physical/mobility issues.The rooms were relatively free from other patrons noise and no smoke came into the rooms.	
Dec 6 2008 	Strip type hotel in the heart of glitter gulch	From the moment we checked in early, to the day we caught the shuttle to the airport, everything here was topnotch, and miles above the other downtown joints. The pool was particularly great due to the fact that you could get hot sun, shade, or a third diffused reflected sun from the north tower which was juuuust right. they have tons of beach chairs, blackjack and a three story waterslide that glides you through the massive central shark tank. Also where the private cabanas are on the terrace you can find some adult only sunning complete with waitress service. Incidentally, they sell aluminum bottled beer for 5.75 a crack, so depending on your budget, you may want to pick up a four-pack at Walgreens for 9 bucks and smuggle it in.... like I did. You have to show your room key to get in, so no unwashed masses here. Lots of pre-flight fully dressed sleepers though, and the odd obnoxious smoker. The casino is huge and rambling with odd lounges here and there, two Starbucks, and a very good coffeshop bistro neer the pool entrance. The buffet was crazy busy lined up always, so we took in Fitz's cheap mello buffet. You can always find a 2 deck blackjack table with 5 minimums, slot machines as far as the eye can see. Room in the north tower was average sized, flat screen plasma tv, marble bath with decent pressure. Beds were comfy; ironing board, safe and robes in the closet. No crazy drunks in the halls, the place was polite and pleasant all around. We left for the strip one evening.... Chaos!! Downtown has all you need within a short walk.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great Experience	My family and I and a few close friends just got back from Vegas over the Thanksgiving holiday. I am happy and pleased to say that my family and I were thrilled that we chose the Golden Nugget. Everything was just perfect from the time we arrived on Thursday, to the time we left on Monday. We absolutely have no complaints. We stayed in the North Tower and the rooms were nice. My friends who accompanied us chose to stay at the Venetian. Of course our room wasn't as luxurious, but guess where they kept wanting to go.... our hotel/downtown. While the strip is nice, downtown is sooo much more relaxed and not so stuffy. We ended up downtown every night until 3 in the morning. All the dealers we played with at the Nugget were very friendly. I learned to play blackjack this time and all the dealers were more than willing to help me learn and advise me how to play my hand. We did eat at the buffet one afternoon for lunch. As you check in, they give you a book of coupons that are valid at the hotel. One of the coupons is a buy one get one free buffet. The food wasn't bad. We both ate for 11.00 so I can't expect 5 star food. I will recommend the buffet at Rio. It has a wide variety of food. And the quality is good, however it is 25.00 a person. As everyone mentions, the pool area at the hotel is very nice. The pool is heated so there are a few people who swim during the day. They have a few blackjack tables out at the pool, so we hung out there one night. It was really nice because you could hear the sound of the water, they had heat lamps to keep you warm and you got to breathe a little fresh air. All in all, we enjoyed the Golden Nugget. This was our 3rd visit to Vegas and have always stayed on the strip. I can say from now on, we will definitely be staying at the Golden Nugget. Its a nice hotel for a great price.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great Hotel would recommend.	We stayed for our wedding anniversary, 16th Nov 2008, had a great time, both thought the hotel was excellent, we stayed in the nth tower as we had previously read reviews that stated it was a long walk via the casino from the sth tower.The room was big and have paid much more in England for smaller. When we got their was very surprised that this wasn't the long walk we were expecting. As we booked direct with the hotel, would recommend that you register online with them, as nearer the time of going, they offered a better deal which they honoured. Must say though they did say that we would get a voucher book worth xxxx$, we did get this but the vouchers for the hotel buffet was only valid for week days (we were their over the weekend). We went for breakfast at Main st stn, which was better value for money. But the hotel itself, found no fault, clean, rooms cleaned daily. Overall had a great time, although very tiring.	
Nov 29 2008 	Great Downtown Experience!	This was the 1st time my husband and I have stayed downtown on Fremont Street and we have found a favorite in Vegas now!I have stayed at Stratosphere which we really enjoyed, Mirage which we were extremely disappointed and never again would stay, and at Hooters which an okay experience overall. Fremont has it all!We arrived at Golden Nugget around 8am, no line for check in and we were immediately placed in a room. No waiting period! We stayed in a south tower room, spacious enough and was clean! All staff was wonderful, everyone at the GN was very pleasant and helpful. The pool was beautiful although we didn't get to enjoy it much due to the weather and it rained for the 1st 2 days we were there. But still georgous!Buffet was good and reasonable however we ate at Fremont Hotel at the Paradise Buffet, breakfast was exceptional and it was only $6.75 and we had Thanksgiving Dinner there as well and that was only $12.99. Highly recommend Paradise Buffet at Fremont Hotel. Great experience overall and I loved being on Fremont Street! Never at any point did we not feel safe. We even walked down past El Cortez in the evening and never once ever were we approached by anyone. Just always be aware of your surroundings and anyone would be fine!	
Nov 26 2008 	Love the Nugget	This was my third stay at the Nugget over the last 4 years and each time it gets better and better. Stayed in the south tower on the 17th floor. The room was clean with plenty of room for a standard room. I loved the new huge flat screen TV. The shark tank wasn't completed last time I was here and I was excited to finally see it. It is INCREDIBLE! Unfortunately the weather wasn't conducive to sit by the pool and really take it all in.There were a couple of things that I want to point out:1. I could hear people talking out in the hall, so the walls and door are kind of thin. This didn't become too big of a problem though since it was pretty quiet on our floor.2. Even with all of the improvements in the casino there were still leaks in the ceiling during the heavy rain. Not a huge deal, but you would think with all of the work they've done they would have taken care of this.All in all i loved my stay at the Nugget and would be happy to return.	
Nov 26 2008	Best of Downtown Vegas!!	We couldn't believe how wonderful this hotel was. And the value for our money! The Golden Nugget is and always has been the class of downtown. Considering the other properties you have to choose from it's a no brainer. Staff friendly, our room was spotless, the pool is amazing. We witnessed a guest checking in next to us giving the front desk clerk a hard time because his room preference was not available. What a jerk! Every hotel we've ever stayed in we know that your preferences are just that, not a guarnatee. The clerk was polite and professional even though the guest was not. He must have just lost some money in the casino and decided to use some displaced agression. Grow up dude!	
Nov 24 2008 	Not So Golden	I booked a special &quot;VIP&quot; room at the Golden Nugget expecting something exceptional as this hotel is rated 4 stars. I was disappointed from the moment we got there. I stood in a long check-in line with only two staff members working behind the desk. After a long wait I discovered that I could have used their special VIP check-in area. They did not make this clear when I made my reservation. Access to our floor required that our key be put into a slot in the elevator. This made us feel special but the room did not live up to expectations. It was dark and had only one small window. The bathroom was small and the door opened so that it blocked the shower. The decor was above average for a hotel and the room had a big screen TV and a special bed which was very comfortable. For the extra price you got free bottled water, apples, and 4 bowls of candy in the hall by the elevators. We also got to use the spa for free which would otherwise have cost 20 dollars a day. The Golden Nugget is by far the nicest hotel downtown, but it does not come close to the nicer strip hotels many of which are also rated 4 stars. If you want to stay downtown, I would definitely recommend the Golden Nugget over any of the other hotels, but don't expect 4 star service or accomidations. I am not sure the VIP rooms are worth the extra price. The pool is not nearly as nice as it looks on the web site. It is relatively small and did not get much sun because it is surrounded on all sides by the hotel.	
Nov 23 2008	Away from the Strip chaos nice for most not for kids.	We stayed two nights with our family (2 ad, 2 kids under 11) and were impressed with the Vegas style features we saw.The Shark Pool was our main reason to stay there as we figured that there is nothing like this anywhere in the world! we were proven right with this choice as the Pool was excellent and the waterslide goes through the shark pool - what an experience.The usual gaming traps are at the hotel but the entertainment within the Fremont Experience at night is something else - really awesome.The location of the hotel is great for people who don't want to be near the strip. The prices are reasonable and the service is the usual high standard expected in Vegas.Drink prices are reasonable and the gaming floors have the standard variety. The Starbucks on the ground level proved useful after a big night out and the parking is exceptional in the building next door.Although not really for kids, they enjoyed it. What really sucked though (and this is all over Vegas) is the smoking - everywhere! Not a healthy environment for anyone really.No opinion on the food as we always went elsewhere.ProsLocationShark PoolPrice on the Friday / Sat nightConsSmoking	
Nov 21 2008 	Nugget is Nice...	I will start off by saying that this was my first time in Vegas, so I have nothing to compare the experience to. My employer paid for my flight and one night at the Golden Nugget as an incentive for winning a sales campaign. There were about 30 of us total that met there from around the West Coast. We arrived around 11:30 am and the check in line wasn’t too horribly long. However, when I finally arrived at the front desk, there appeared to be no reservation for my coworker and I. The Golden Nugget staff could not find my name or my coworker’s anywhere in the reservation database. I wasn’t too thrilled about this, as my employer said they had taken care of everything. Fortunately, there were extra rooms in the hotel, but we did have to charge it to our personal credit card until our district manager arrived later that day to work things out with the hotel. (I also noted that there was another couple next to us that was having difficulty checking in. They had a confirmation number, but apparently they weren’t in the system either. Hhhmm….) That aside, the Golden Nugget was quite nice. We were in the North Tower rooms. They were somewhat luxurious, but not spectacular. The view was of the parking lot. Oh well. My company did rent a Spa Suite to hold our awards ceremony. The Spa suite was amazing! It was two stories, had a great view, bar area, and just had a luxurious feel. I’m not sure how much they paid for that one. : ) The casino was quite nice and the dealers were pretty friendly. They talked and joked around with us, which was fun. One of them even remembered me when I came back later, even though I wasn’t a high roller or winner. The only place we ate there was the Carson Street Café. I wasn’t that impressed with the food, but they had $3 mimosas! The pool was absolutely amazing!!! I wanted to spend time there, but my coworkers wanted to see the Strip, and I didn’t want to hang out by myself, so the Strip it was! It became kind of expensive to take a taxi back and forth though. While, the Golden Nugget was nice, it doesn’t quite compare to the larger hotels like Caesar’s Palace, Bellagio, Treasure Island, etc. We walked through a few of them just to see what it was like, and I was quite impressed. If I return to Vegas (which I am still not sure that I will because I’m not a big gambler), I might consider a hotel on the Strip. I don’t know what the price difference is between the larger hotels and the Golden Nugget, but it might be worth it to be more centralized. Overall I enjoyed my stay. If you’re looking for something in the downtown Fremont area, then I would definitely recommend the Golden Nugget. But if you like the Strip, then I would say, stay on the Strip!	
Nov 20 2008 	A great place to stay and play	Booked room through priceline. at 70 a night, then booked upgrade to north tower for an extra 36. Got their at 3pm and the room was ready. All question on charges and fees were answerd and on the spot. Every person I talked to that worked their was nice and full of helpful information. ten times better than any strip hotel i stayed at. Drinks flowed like water with no charges. average tip 2 to 3 bucks and my glass never went empty. The room was clean and very suitable to be called a 4 star hotel. Downtown rocked!!! never left downtown because it was that much fun or jamesons wiskey just made feel that fun. Hotel comps for slots were so-so. comps for table games seemed to be easier to come buy. Soon as i quite gambling and starded drinking it made the trip that much better .. Great place to stay drinks eat and passout at.....	
Nov 19 2008 	Okay place to stay	The room we got was definitely not four stars. We saw pictures of some of their upgraded suites and they looked like they were 5 star quality. Our room looked very old but clean. It was also a large room. We stayed in the south tower and I think their lower quality rooms are on this side. The hotel has an awesome pool and that by itself would be an attraction. You can swim next to a tank with sharks. The hotel has a very good location right in the middle of the Fremont Street area. I would come back here if I was staying on Fremont street otherwise I would prefer one of the 4 or 5 star properties on the strip over the Nugget.	
Nov 18 2008 	A Golden Stay at the Golden Nugget	This was our second trip to GN this year. We took the parents for their 40th wedding anniversary and we couldn't be happier with how things turned out.Upon arrival (10:00 am) we were greeted at the door by the bell persons. Figuring that we would have to wait for our rooms, we checked our luggage and proceeded to the check-in desk. What a delight to find that 1 of our rooms was ready to go. Our bags were taken to our room and within 15 minutes, we were out having fun.On the second day of our stay, the parents had some plumbing problems with their room. They were immediately upgraded to a suite and all their bags were moved for them. Great job GN!There was a problem with a room safe. One call to maintenance, and within 5 minutes, the problem was fixed.Our rooms were clean and bright. We were in the North tower, so we were only a short distance from the casino floor.With each of the minor things that happened, the GN staff responded with speed and congeniality. From the desk staff, to the casino host, the dealers in the casino to the bellpersons. Everyone we met was polite and went out of their way to help us.We ate at all of the restaurants at the GN. Each one was unique, and all were excellent!Comps were good. Final bill for our 3 night stay: $63.00 These were the tips from the meals we ate.Good job Golden Nugget. We will be back in April 2009!!!	
Nov 18 2008 	the only place to stay	We have been staying at the Nugget for 17 years (yes, I confess, we may have a gambling problem) and have watched it transform itself through several iterations. It was always a bargain, large rooms, clean, quiet, and good service. It has become a first class hotel, south tower rooms are always a steal, as low as 49 dollars in the winter. Although they do involve a walk to the casino proper and running the time share gauntlet (never make eye contact, never acknowledge their greeting, keep moving there is a Starbucks on the other side of the property), and check in can be a 30 minute wait (always send someone in your party to check and see if they south tower desk is open). The Gold Rooms expedite check in, the walk to the casino, and save you the time share panhandlers. Downtown is not for everyone, but this is the place to stay if you are staying downtown. Between Benions and the Nugget's poker rooms you will always find a game, Mama Cita's has great Mexican/Cuban (down by the El Cortez, never make the trek after sundown), and it is a bit lower key (but not too low, this is vegas).	
Nov 12 2008 	Super Spooky Halloween Experience (and not in a good way)	You know, I should expect issues any time I book and prepay through Expedia. I always have trouble in one way or another, and my recent visit to the Golden Nugget was no exception. I had planned the trip as a romantic getaway for my husband and myself, and requested a king bed in the newly-renovated North Tower. When we checked in (a process that took a long time, but it takes a long time everywhere in Las Vegas, honestly), we were told, of course, that we were in a room with two double beds. Not exactly the weekend I had imagined, as I'm not a Puritan. When I asked about a king bed, I was told that not a single king room was available in the entire hotel. I silently stared at the clerk for a while, and eventually she caved and &quot;consulted a manager&quot; who &quot;found&quot; a king room in the North Tower. Our room was a) behind the elevators, b) next to the ice machine, and c) directly across from the housekeeping phone. So it was quite possibly the worst room in the entire hotel, if not Las Vegas, which is what I get for being tough and demanding my way. Also, our view? A dirty wall. But we commenced with the power drinking, and eventually I forgot about how much the room location annoyed me. They do have awesome club sandwiches and divine breakfasts, so recovering the next day was rather nice in our noisy cave. Net net, it's expensive-ish for what you get, Fremont is nothing compared to the Strip (even on Halloween), and king beds are apparently as rare as big wins on their slot machines.	
Nov 12 2008 	Wonderful Stay at the Nugget!	My husband and I stayed at the GN the end of October. We had visited in August, but this was our first time staying downtown. We opted for the South Tower Rooms.We arrived at 11 am on a Saturday; no line at check-in whatsoever. The walk to/from the South Tower elevators was not bad aside from endless hounding of the timeshare people. There is also a Starbucks right next to elevators so that you can grab an early morning cup of coffee! The walk from the elevator to our room on the 20th floor was the longest. I suggest asking for a room closer to the elevators. View was not spectacular, but that was not a factor for us. Room was clean and beds very comfortable. Only real complaint about the room was that it was a bit dark, even with all lights on. We are not fancy eaters, so Carson Street Cafe worked just fine for us. Great food, reasonably priced, friendly staff. On a side note, although we did not make it there this trip, my husband loved Red Sushi Restaurant/Bar when we visited in August. Very friendly staff there, as well.The casino itself we found to be very nice. We both love Video Poker, so spent considerable amount of time playing at the 3 bars located throughout. Very friendly bartenders~don't forget to tip them WELL~they deserve it(they also make great Bloody Mary's)! Large selection of reel and video slots for the slot lovers! We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. Super friendly staff and very clean from our room, to the casino, and restrooms. We look forward to booking our next trip here early 2009!	
Nov 9 2008 	The Nugget Rocks	Stayed at the GN end of Sept and had a great time. Check in was quick and the girl that checked us in was very helpful and polite. We got a room in the south tower on 11th floor and found it to be very well appointed and clean and tidy. As to the people on this forum wanting flat screen TVs, I say, Hello, your in Vegas, who stays in their rooms and watches TV!!!!!!.The pool was great and we ate most of our meals at the buffet which we thought was outstanding value and the service there was sensational. We had no problems with noise from the constuction site across the road or within the hotel itself. Overall we would def stay at the GN again. The Fremont street area is good. Although catching the duece bus up to the strip can become a bit frustrating ,I think we would put up with that and trade off the lower prices and nicer area of fremont street.	
Nov 7 2008 	Great value nice hotel	The rates on this hotel were excellent, and in truth you can't knock it.Room spacious, lifts quick, staff friendly and efficient, tables pretty good, slots varied with plenty of low cost machines.Buffet - I've had better but perfectly acceptableTime share people - Obtrusive and a pain in the butt. Apparently they rent space at the hotel, but they do the hotel a complete diservice and are that much of a pain that I would think carefully about re-booking.One small warning.To get to central strip is $20 each way in a taxi.There is a bus that runs theoretically to te Strip from Downtown. Do not waste your time with it. Cheap it may well be, but we joined a queue waiting that was already 15 minutes old, and after a further 20 minutes the bus had still not arrived. Added to that, the journey time, and for my part I would rather spend the money than waste the time.As ever I loved my stay in Vegas.Really enjoyed the Nugget and would definately recommend the hotel, subject to the criteria above.	
Nov 5 2008 	Can't beat the price	This was our first downtown stay/visit. we arrived at the hotel at around 6PM. Check-in was quick but very impersonal. The girl checking us in barely looked at us and did not give clear directions to our room. Check-out on the TV was not working so I called to see if we could check out by phoneso we would not have to trek to the lobby then back to the parking garage. The guy that checked us out was friendly, upbeat and very helpful. A stark contrast to our check-in experience.The hotel itself was very clean and well maintained. The beds were comfortable and the room was nicely appointed. Our room was a non-smoking room but the bedspread had a huge cigarrette burn hole on it. I understand that this is a casino hotel and the vast majority of folks smoke. BUT, we had to wait several times for different elevators because people were smoking in there. If not common courtesy, at least observe some fire safety.Our room was in the South Tower and the most annoying part of our stay was the timeshare people every single time we would get off the elevator.We ate at the buffet once for breakfast and it was quite good with a nice variety of options.	
Nov 5 2008	Nugget was ok	I just returned from a stay at the Golden Nugget. While I have to agree with most of the reviews, as far as it being the nicest hotel downtown, I really dont think I would stay there again. I was with my elderly mother (in a wheelchair) and we stayed in the South tower. Check in took about 25 minutes at 3pm, and I asked specifically to be as close to the elevator as possible. On their online reservation form, there is also a place to put this request. While I know it was only a request, I was completely surprised to be almost as far away from the elevators as possible. We got off the elevator, went down a long hall, turned a corner, went down another long hall, and were at the end. I would have returned and asked for another room, but did not want to waste an hour trudging back down, waiting in line, etc. Other than that, every thing was fresh, clean and well maintained. The pool is a really nice amenity, although it does not get much sun during the day.I think next time I will pay less, and stay at one of the other hotels downtown, where the walk to the room does not take 20 minutes, even if they are not quite as up to date.	
Nov 3 2008 	2nd Stay at Nugget - Nice But To Much Noise	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Golden Nugget October 30 to November 2nd for Halloween and to celebrate my bf's birthday. This was our second time staying at the Nugget, but this time we didn't feel like splurging on the Gold Club rooms and only stayed in a regular South Tower room. I did ask nicely for a complimentary upgrade at check in, but since a manager was standing right there, we were only offered one for $25 a night, which we declined.As others have posted, the South Tower rooms really aren't that far away, and perfectly nice. We were on the 18th floor, in room 18109, which was a ways from the elevator, but had a nice view toward the strip and of the mountains in the distance. King size bed, flat screen TV, and nice and clean, a good value for three nights for $198.00 with our promo, including taxes. However, keep in mind that this hotel charges a $100 a night deposit at check in, and if you're using a debit card/check card, you still won't have signing privileges even with this deposit.This is by far the nicest hotel downtown, and seemed a bit less smokey than the rest as well. The pool area was very nice, with water slide, shark tank and hot tub. Personally, I thought the pool was a couple degrees to cold and the hot tub a couple degrees to warm, but still a nice place to get away and relax. It wasn't very crowded when we went, around 10:30am on a Friday morning, so we had no problem getting a chair and there was no line to go down the slide.The only real big complaint about the hotel was the noise. Between the rooms there is good insulation, we couldn't hear our neighbors, but they really need something around the doors to the hall. We could loudly hear the cleaning crew every morning, banging vacuums and talking on loud walkie talkies. In the middle of the night I could see a large slit of light on the sides and bottom of the door to the hall, so there is really no insulation on the door. Also, on Friday I was awoken promptly at 6am by a loud foghorn noise. I'm guessing this was to call the construction workers to work, since after that it was an incessant barrage of loud trucks backing up (that beep beep beep noise over and over) and lots of banging. I'd thought on the 18th floor we would be safe from the noise, but nope. We aren't that light of sleepers, so we ended up turning on the AC fan to try to drowned out the sound, it didn't block it out all the way, but was good enough to get back to sleep.Overall, I think we will stay here again if we want to hang out at Fremont Street, which is quite fun and cheap.	
Oct 29 2008 	Great stay	My husband and I stayed in the South Wing of the Golden Nugget for 5 nights in September, 2008. Our room was very nice and very clean with beautiful, large, soft towels. The view wasn't great - the carpark where we parked our car!! We opted for the VIP Check-in ($US22) which ensured us of a non-smoking room and our choice of bed. We rang from Barstow in the morning to find out what time check-in was and they told us they were already checking people in - not the usual 2 or 3pm like most other hotels. We were glad that we'd done this as when we arrived check in was very busy. We just went to the VIP Check-in and did so straight away. The elevators were great - one for the ground floor to the 9th floor, and the other for 10th floor up. The If you stay in the South Wing it is a little bit away from check-in BUT very close to the free parking lot, which we found very convenient as we used our car every day. Being in Freemont Street it is great at night when you can see the action outside. The pool was wonderful, especially seeing all the fish, including sharks in the tank. If you are going to park your car in the free park it is located on the corner of Eat 1st Street &amp; East Bridger Street. We never had a problem finding a park there. Breakfast is not included but there are plenty of eateries in and around the Golden Nugget.	
Oct 25 2008 	Best downtown hotel!!	Recently stayed at the Nugget for 4 nights and loved every minute of it! The Tank pool/spa was excellent - really cool being able to swim so close to the fish/shark tank! We ate at Carson Street Cafe and The Grotto (Italian) - both very good. Also would recommend Golddiggers Club - really enjoyed it and the views over Fremont Street brilliant - especially when the light show is on! We stayed on The Strip after the nugget for further 10 nights - probably not enough to do in downtown alone for a long trip but if looking for cheaper accommodation then this would be a perfect stay with easy access to The Strip via the Deuce bus (regular service to and from - various stops all the way along) for $2 one way or $5 all day. Rooms clean and comfortable and a good size. Friendly staff. Perfect stay! Stewart &amp; Catherine, Scotland UK	
Oct 24 2008 	Best in Fremont and what a pool?!!	If like me you love the Freemont area but still want a top notch hotel then the Nugget is for you. I like Freemont for the fact that it feels so safe in comparison to the strip. It also has the Bay city diner - yummy!!! The pool at the nugget is amazing, the shark tank is fab and it feels wonderful to lay there in the middle of all the hustle and bustle and just chill. There was some construction but it didn’t affect me, the music by the pool drowned any noise out. The rooms are nice, clean, up to date, fancy I guess, comparable to the strip hotels.It's location for Freemont is great but it's not the strip so bear that in mind. It's much more expensive than most downtown hotels but is the best. The only thing is the prices in Vegas vary so madly that you may find a top strip hotel on a deal for the same place as the nugget if something is on in Freemont and then I’d be tempted away to the Paris or similar. The gambling I found is slightly more expensive in the Nugget than the surrounding hotels. Main street station is great though and just a few minutes away. The biggest problem was check-in and out, huge qs and I left a pair of earrings on the bathroom shelf. I realised 1/2hr after we vacated the room and we were told that the room had been rented already and they weren’t found?!? My own stupid fault I guess.All in all I’d go back in a second if I wanted to stay downtown.	
Oct 22 2008 	Courtney courtney courtney....	Staying at the Nugget was great. Visited with my wife, and another couple. The rooms were fine, the service and check in went smoothly. The Sharktank (pool) was outstanding. We rented a cabana for the day, at a very reasonable price. The cabana comes with a flat screen tv, refrigerator, complimentary fruit plate and bottled water, couch, indoor chairs, deck chairs, etc...One thing that wasnt listed with the amenities of the cabana was our waitress, Courtney. Oh...My...God....might be the single most attractive woman in the history of the waitstaff industry. When she came around the corner the first time, just myself and my wife were there. I immediately became a drooling caveman with ADD. When she left, my wife looked at me and said, &quot;its okay&quot;, thereby verifying Courtneys hottness. When our friends got there, it became even worse. You could hear the brakes screeching on any conversation we might have had going on when she came by asking if we needed anything. Plus, she was a great server. Overall, fantastical week at the Nugget.	
Oct 21 2008 	Definetely visit again	received a great rate $99.00 for 3 nights thanks to a trip advisor forum tip, no line-up to check in (there was actually a bigger line-up at the vip), received an upgrade to the North Tower overlooking the pool, very nice. Hotel was much nicer than expected, pool was beautiful, casino was nice and not overly busy, just got a whiff of cigar smoke only a couple of times. I went with my 16 year old so she would probably of been happier on the strip but if I go back without her I would definetely stay here, bus is only $2.00 to the strip, taxi about $20.00. Thanks trip advisor members for all the tips!!	
Oct 21 2008 	Loved the Golden Nugget	We just returned from a great week (10/9-10/16), despite a few days of unusually cold weather, at the Golden Nugget. We loved eveything about this hotel.Check-in around 5PM took about 10 minutes. We stayed in the south tower and didn't mind the longer walk to the casino. We had a standard room with a king bed as we had requested. The room was nice and clean and larger then most hotel rooms we have been in. We didn't have much of a view but hadn't requested a view. We didn't heard any noise of any kind. If people were in the room next to us we didn't know it. That was great because I'm a very light sleeper.We ate at the Grotto Bar several times instead of inside the restuarant. Their food is wonderful and the same goes for the service. We also ate at the buffet, which was good but for Sat. &amp; Sun Brunch we did eat at the Fremont Hotel Champagne Buffet because they had crab claws, salmon &amp; shrimp. We loved the hotel being right on Fremont Street and enjoyed downtown so much. We have stayed on the strip in the past and will never stay there again. We'll take the deuce like we did this time for 1 day but that's it.The Golden Nugget is the best and I can't wait to go back.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great no problems here	Stayed at the nugget Oct 12 -17 in the south tower. I heard no noise what so ever, no check in lines. and no pushy timeshare hawkers. A little credit card glitch, but no big deal. Will stay there again next year.	
Oct 19 2008 	Warning! Construction noise!!	I really like the Nugget and I have stayed there numerous times, but they are building a new tower and not only is there construction noise but I was awoken at 4:40 am by an airhorn that went off EVERY TEN MINUTES nonstop for hours. Forget sleeping. I was in the South tower facing the construction - great view of the crane, if you're into that. I'll go back when the construction is over.By the way, many of the strip hotels also overlook construction due to the many large projects under way - notably the City Center project - so beware of construction noise if you are a sensitive sleeper (I am not).	
Oct 17 2008 	Nicer than expected	I was a little concerned about what I would find in the Golden Nugget's older, less expensive south tower. I made my reservations by phone, and the salesman was really pushing the newer, more expensive north tower rooms, extolling the virtues of pillow-top beds, flat-screen TVs and in-room safes. I decided to go with the south tower anyway, and... maybe I just lucked out, or maybe it's important to ask for a room on the upper floors (we were on the 18th floor). But my budget room boasted a pillow-top bed, a flat-screen TV and an in-room safe(!) Anyone out there who, like me, might be hesitant about choosing an &quot;old&quot; room shouldn't be. It was very nice -- large, nicely decorated, with several pieces of furniture, a table, chairs and a nice, clean bathroom with plush towels and even two robes in the closet. Sure, the carpet is a little worn, but it didn't bother me.My only complaint -- and it may sound strange -- the bed pillows were horrendous. I can't believe such a high-class establishment would put such uncomfortable pillows in their rooms. One night, I simply could not sleep because of the pillows -- they're small with bunched up, lumpy foam. To the hotel's credit, though, the front desk had a replacement pillow delivered to me in the middle of the night, and it was fine and my sleep was fine after that. One final note: this was the first time I stayed at a downtown hotel. I found that I missed staying on the strip, and believe it may be worth the extra dollars to do so, especially if you've never been to Vegas or have limited time there. But the Golden Nugget is a great value for your money.	
Oct 10 2008 	great time at the nugget	the wife and I stayed in the GN Oct 7th thru Oct 10. Arrived at noon. there was no line. Our room was ready. It was clean and cold. We stayed in the South tower. The walk is nothing to the casino or freemont street. The pool was great. The chairs are a little close but still nice. the food was excellent. We had the breakfast buffet one morning, the cafe two days for lunch and Vic and Anthonys one night for dinner. V and A was very very good. the valet service is free and the guys were very helpful with directions.Cant wait to go back.	
Oct 10 2008 	Nugget Really Isn't Golden	We were really disappointed with this hotel. All the staff (Lilly's Noodle Bar aside) are breath-takingly rude and incredibly unhelpful. The pool is fine if you don't mind virtually sitting on strangers laps (the sun-loungers touch). Also overall I would say - don't stay downtown if you don't mind either a $30 taxi ride or an hour's bus ride to get to Vegas proper.	
Oct 10 2008 	Golden Nugget not so golden rooms	Went to Golden Nugget for Las Vegas Bike Week 2008. Arrived and room looked very nice. Till the evening I killed the cock roach and his partner exscaped under the door to the adjacent room. Reported issue to Manager on duty Jerry and he asked if I charged anything to the room but we were paying cash and not charging. He said the exterminating crew was there and he would have room sprayed. Never heard anything more about issue. Then we noticed the mold in the shower. And the final event was the person attempting to enter our room. Hotel person shows up and knocks on door and discovers that they gave the person the wrong room number. When we checked out we asked for some sort of comp for these issues. Manager on duty ignored my wife and said that Jerry would look into it.Bike Fest was interesting but I would consider other hotel options.	
Oct 8 2008 	very long check in lines	My first impression of the Golden Nugget was not good. When I arrived, there was a very long line to check in. I stood in line for over an hour. During my three day stay, there was always a long line. It was tiresome after a long flight. The clerk did not apologize for the inconvenience. I will probably stay elsewhere next time!	
Oct 8 2008 	Loved the Golden Nugget	I had the cheapest room and it was wonderful. Everything about the room was the quality of a much higher priced room anywhere in the world. Loved it!!!!!!As a woman traveling alone I was made to feel safe and comfortable in every way. The buffet was very good with high quality foods and plenty of healthy choices. The prices were good, too.I would have liked to be able to use the gym for no extra cost but the hotel is just not laid out that was. The whole hotel is elegant and the new pool with an aquarium in the center was just the best. I could swim along with the sharks and other fish in the hot sun.I like the Downtown, Freemont, part of town as it is easier to get around and even easier to get to the bus to the strip. The journeys on the bus does take time but that is just because there are so many people.I would choose this hotel again any time. It was really gret. I travel a lot and am fussy.	
Oct 7 2008	My favorite place in Las Vegas	Golden Nugget is by far the BEST casino/hotel in downtown Vegas--we had such a good time, the hotel was awesome-the room was really nice, the bed was very comfortable and all in all it was a wonderful trip-the pool there is unreal with the shark tank and the water slide. We have stayed on the strip all our other trips to Vegas but this time we thought we'd try staying downtown and it was the best choice we could've made--super, super good time!! A great time was had by all, can't wait to go back!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 7 2008 	gold brick	booked on strength of other trip advisor reviews and desire to be off strip for a few days with children.great hotel, located right in middle of freemont experience. Rooms large with comfortable beds and good bathrooms , quiet in morning and easy to sleep in. good reasonable priced restaurants. Not a huge hotel but still large however easy enough to get around with children to restaurants pools etc.Pool is superb. Slide and fish tank a real feature. kids loved it. bar by pool is good. gaming tables around pool if you are so inclined.check out simple and quick as was check in, friendly staff.drinks if not gambling pricier than rest of freemont area but you tend to wander anyway.All in allwell worth the reasonable price and children friendly	
Oct 6 2008 	Not as good as I expected	We received an excellent offer from the Golden Nuggett via email and decided to cut our stay at the Las Vegas Hilton short and stay 2 nights at the Golden Nugget. It was nice to stay in the downtown area for a short time but I was not impressed with the hotel that much. The front desk check-in clerk was bordering on rude. Also never did get my club card as the line was rediculously long all times of day. We ate at the buffet twice and I would say the food was fare but very affordable. We also had bad luck at the slots but that was pretty much the case everywhere this trip. We paid to have an upgraded room in the North Tower. The room was nice enough but still felt dated. The road construction woke us promptly at 6a every morning, THAT was a nightmare in itself. Wish I would have known about the construction and either got another room or not stayed there at all. I felt like my upgrade was a downgrade! The pool is excellent! Loved the aquarium in the pool, very cool. The pool deck is too small though for the amount of people there so the chairs are placed smacked up against each other. I did not feel comfortable laying that close to a stranger really. Drinks at the pool bar were very good. I guess this would still be the place you want to stay downtown as the other hotels do not look all that nice. I think next time I will stay at my Las Vegas Hilton and take a taxi down to the Nugget like we have always done in the past.	
Oct 6 2008	Another Good Stay at the Golden Nugget	We just returned from a five night stay at the Golden Nugget and it was superb, as usual. We had stayed there in February and in July of this year also and would stay nowhere else but the Nugget for this trip. This is my first review for this wonderful hotel, but it will not be my last visit as we will return.It has never taken us more than 15 minutes to check in and we have always been granted our request of high floor, no smoking, king bed. On our July visit, we found the television replacement to the huge flat screened version. We were there with relatives who also stayed at GN and as first time downtowners, they were impressed as well. Except for one visit where we stayed in the suite in the North Tower, we have been in the South Tower and it is not a long walk to anywhere. A second Starbucks is outside the banks of elevators as well as a computer area to print out boarding passes for $5. Rooms are clean and spacious and bed is comfy. Another replacement since the summer is the shampoo, conditioner, hand lotion in that it is half the size of the former containers. Lotion is a handy &quot;to go&quot; size, but the conditioner was not enough for one person. However, housekeeping obliged with the request of another conditioner. The vanity and makeup mirror just outside the bathroom is convenient so I can dry and curl my hair while husband is showering.Pool area is great with the shark tank and is relaxing in the evening as well. Not a huge pool area, but there are sunny and shady areas as well as areas you can met as a group. Cannot wait to go back.	
Oct 1 2008	Too Many Glitches	30 minutes to check in. The pool was completely closed on Sunday. Buffet service cashiers had trouble understanding English. Shower was broken, and when the maintenance man came to fix it he tracked mud all over the shower so I still didn't want to use it. The room door was warped and extremely hard to open and close. The TV was large, but didn't have HBO. Spammers in the lobby kept trying to sell you time shares. Otherwise, it was a decent hotel. No one of these things would put me off the hotel, but taken together they add up and I can't imagine staying here again.	
Sep 29 2008 	Awful stay	This is one of the worst hotels I've had stayed at, there were numerous problems with our stay. When my husband and I arrived, we were supposed to get a king bed. After a lengthy check-in we were told that we would have to take a room with two doubles (very small). We were ok with that because the hotel said they would contact us the next morning to move us to a new room. When we got to the room (south tower, 22nd floor) we were not happy. The entire NON-SMOKING floor smelled just like a dirty ash tray, especially in our room. Obviously, this floor was at some point a smoking floor. Further evidence was provided in our room by bed sheets with BURN HOLES in them! There was A/C in the room but it was very loud and rattling. The next day the staff never contacted us to change rooms, so we had to pester them about it. After numerous phone calls, extended wait times, and hang ups we finally got someone (a manager) to tell us that our new room was ready at 7pm, not in the morning as they had promised. When my husband went to the front desk to get the new key, they left him standing there for a half hour before they finally gave it to him.We moved to the new room (south tower, 18th floor), the floor did not smell like smoke and we got the king bed. I thought we were all set! WRONG! Our new room had WET carpet, yes really wet! It was apparent, by the smell, that someone had puked on a few areas of carpet and staff had washed it up with a strong floral smelling cleaner. Yummm, our room smelled like pukey flowers and we had to make sure not to step in the wet spots. This room also had a loud A/C, though this one didn't rattle like the previous room. Just to make things even better, the &quot;On Demand Movie&quot; option on the TV was broken so we couldn't order any movies and the wireless internet was broken in the entire hotel! We were there for a software consultant convention.... and imagine... broken internet! And as if this trip was not perfect enough, on our last day there I decided to use a lit make-up mirror that electricuted me. Yes, really, the brass base of the make up mirror was live (luckily low voltage). The hotel sent security up to check out the mirror. When they arrived they grabbed the mirror and told me there was no current in it..... I then pointed out their rubbed soled shoes and told them to take the shoes off then grab the mirror (duh, simple physics). They didn't want to do that.... point is, even if I was some crazy lady and was imagining the whole thing, they should have taken it away with no questions and replaced it, not give me a hard time about it.Overall, this place was awful. In addition to all the above, the decor was extremely old, there was no refrigerator in the room, the lighting was poor and it was not worth the money. It's in &quot;old Vegas&quot; and is a $20 cab ride (one way) to get to the strip. I heard from some people the renovated North tower was a bit better but it is more expensive and there are still the same issues with staff, if I wanted to spend more money I would have stayed someplace else entirely.	
Sep 28 2008 	Was ok but not great	Golden Nugget, Las Vegas, NV was ok but not great. Arrived: September 21, 2008 Reviewed by: Michele, Pennsylvania The pool was nice, the tank in the pool was awesome, small pool but ok. Our room was nice, very large, but wasn't very luxurious like the site had led us to believe. We stayed in the south tower, might be better to stay in the north tower. They boasted about the international beer bar, that was a joke, it was just a plain old bar near the casino exit, there was really nothing special about it. There is no place in there to just get a burger and a beer if you want. They have a suchi bar that was always empty and a noodle house that was also very vacant. Vic &amp; Anthony's steak house, way over priced. Next time we go will will stay on the strip.	
Sep 27 2008 	Bad hotel bad service	Please do not go to this hotel! This was my trip to Las Vegas, so I was very excited to be there and see the city. I started worrying about the hotel when I stood in line to check in, and had to wait (and wait) because two groups of desk personnel were standing around talking, ignoring the people in line. I had asked for a room with a king bed, and was given a room with two doubles. When I asked if I could get the requested room, I was told no. Just that! &quot;No.&quot; I asked if it was possible to check for the next night. &quot;I guess you can.&quot; was the response. It went downhill from there. My room was dirty, and the staff ran from indifferent to rude. They all seemed to have an attitude that they were at a 3rd rate hotel and didn't need to make any effort because no one really cared about the service or the guests. One positive - the nice doormen and bellhops - they were great!	
Sep 26 2008 	Not my first choice	The hotel is not bad, but not very good. Very poor value for the money and sort of running down. The staff, with on one exception, were horrible. The person helping me on check in was great, but it went down hill fast from there. I would avoid the hotel based on three reasons:Poor air quality - the place is very smokey and the air is staleLocation is sub optimal - expensive to get to the intresting parts of town and the location is by the justice center, so by definition a high crime areaValue - not great value for the money - vey pricey for what you get - in particular the retaurants in the hotel seemed expensive given what they provided.I just did not find the place &quot;fun&quot; or &quot;relaxing&quot; and could not stand the smoke. This is an older building and lacks modern air purificaton systems. I do not think the new addition/construction will make a great difference. It may help with the air quality, but that is about it. The location remains away from it all. The staff seems to generally not be interested in helping or seeing guests happy. It really shows. By the end of my stay, I was ready for a vacation - which seems sort f wrong!	
Sep 25 2008 	What a Gem	HaveJust come home from another fantastic trip to Vegas. staying at the Golden Nugget was again Fab. Staff very very helpful and pleasant, rooms great overall service superb. For vegas virgins or regulars alike Downtown Vegas is a must. The Freemont experience out shines the Strip.... Greatest tour was a trip to the neon museum aka the boneyard,, its a must do tour, book in advance for this best $15 ever spent, if your planning a trip to vegas soon, make this a must do on your list, i think an actually museum is planned for next year, which will be cool but seeing this in its raw state is a must, for all you csi fans this is a must, see season 4 episode 22. I would also check out Bills Casino on the strip the Karoke with the $1 beers is a must and after 5 can guarantee you will be singing, I did, it was an abba classic, dancing queen (I blame the super mamma mia i saw the night before at mandalay bay).. Cant wait to book up again!! VEGAS ROCKS!!!	
Sep 24 2008 	Great Hotel Downtown!!!	Moved to Golden Nugget from a strip hotel that we were staying at for a trade show. All I can say is WOW! We booked a Gold Club Luxury room. What a nice change from some of the other Vegas hotels. Floor 17 in the North tower is all dark wood, quiet and attractive. There is coffee, water and munchies sitting by the elevator when you get off. The room is great! Dark wood, a DVD player, I Pod player, flat screen TV. Great furniture and large, very comfortable bed. Bathroom is really outstanding. Huge shower with waterfall type shower head. Large bottles of shampoo, conditioner, lotion, shower gel, shaving kit, etc. Sinks are separate bowls sitting on the dark, granite countertop. Loved the in mirror TV too. Very upscale and well worth the little extra from their regular rooms. We also received an amenities booklet with two for one buffet, free drinks and other half off specials.The pool is great too! Newly renovated with a shark pool in the middle of the regular pool. A water slide goes right through the shark pool and is a big hit. All the fish swim around all day and watch all the people hanging out at the pool. It is a bit small for all the people, so go early if you want a good chair. Pretty good bar service too.We went to the breakfast buffet. We are normally not much for buffets but this one is really good! On weekends they have loads of options for foods along with unlimited mimosas and bloody marys for $3.00. Our waitress was fabulous and brought a mimosa to us before the one we already had was half empty. We finally had to say, stop or we would still be there!!!I must say I am surprised how nice downtown is. It is the &quot;old&quot; Vegas with a new twist. The downtown light show is pretty fun to watch, and we loved the old casinos with much lower bet minimums, good drink service and much easier to walk between hotels. On the strip, it would take you twenty minutes to get just from one hotel casino to the other, but is much easier and more entertaining downtown. We decided in the future we would just stay downtown and go to the strip for a show or two. Last time we stayed at Venetian, which was lovely but minimum bets were $30 and we aren't real big time gamblers. Like the smaller, easier casinos.Stay at the Nugget for a great time, great service and the true Vegas experience!	
Sep 24 2008 	Worst hotel of American trip	When we arrived,there was a huge, 25 minute queue at reception.We later saw that there was always a long queue at any time of day or night which was a bit of a pain if you just wanted e.g. some local info. The reception staff were not forthcoming with any advice or help when we asked them.The room we had was clean and quiet but the bed was uncomfortable. The hotel was also uncomfortably cold in all the common areas e.g restaurants,corridors as the air conditioning was on full blast. Luckily we had an air conditioning unit in our room which we were able to programme ourselves.The area where the hotel is located is grim and ugly. There's no ( advisable) way to get to the central strip ( where all the more glamorous hotels + fun is) unless you get a taxi for the 10 mile ride. The taxi cost us 25 dollars each way. The less advisable way is to catch a local bus from the nearby bus station. We tried to do this but failed to do so as we were given such poor info from the receptionist who just wanted us to catch a taxi! The bus station environment was pretty dodgy looking too.If you're going to Las Vegas to gamble and nothing else then this hotel is probably OK as it has a casino. If you want to get a bit more out of your trip and want to be somewhere more central then think again. In retrospect, we'd happily have paid more and stayed elsewhere e.g. on the central strip and we'd have saved money on taxis!!	
Sep 23 2008 	Great Stay	Arrived at noon on Saturday the 13th...room was not ready but only because we waited for a smoking king room. Staff was pleasant and helpful - check in line was very quick! Room was ready as promised at 3. The room itself was very nice - no obvious defects - and a wonderful view of the mountains. Big (32 inch? ) flat screen tv was a nice feature. Maid service was hit or miss. One day it was miss - no facecloths - another day fantastic - room spotless and extra towels - left. Staff at the pool, in the casino and in the buffet and Grotto were knowledgeable ,friendly and generally helpful. This was our second trip to the Nugget and probably won't be our last!	
Sep 18 2008 	loved the hotel	San Antonio,texas,I bought my husband Mitch for his birthday a trip to vegas ,we stayed at the golden nugget hotel,great hotel,nice room good service,did not won any money ,but we had fun..I called the hotel direct for reservations they gave me a good deal buy 2 nights geht 1 free..thanks golden nugget hotel,we be back... Rose from san antonio	
Sep 18 2008 	Ok hotel ordinary people	I booked this hotel for +/- 60$/night and bought myself an upgrade to a one bedroom suite for 100$/night extra when checking in. For that reasonable price I got a huge suite; very large living room, bedroom, two bathrooms (one with shower &amp; tv, and one with whirlpool). The suite was spotless clean and had a nice view, no noise.That was the good part. Now about Fremont Street; I don't understand what people like about it beside the light show in the evening. There is not one nice shop, simply not one. Only a few ordinary souvenir shops and a few casino's, that's it. If you spend half an hour in Fremont Street than you've seen it. In the hotel and in Fremont street you have to see the crowd. I've never seen so many ordinary people together in one place, the crowd in the hotels on the strip is very different. Sorry I have to say this but most of the guests in the Golden Nugget are rather low class. I sometimes felt uncomfortable. You can certainly leave your best clothes at home.Beware the distance to the strip, a taxi ride will cost you 25$ one way with tip. When checking out early in the morning computers were down, they couldn't even tell me the amount of my bill. They said they would send the bill by post, still haven't got it.Sure I got a great room for a great price, no doubt about that, but if I had known about the very low class crowd and the location, I would have stayed on the strip.	
Sep 18 2008 	Golden Nuggett is Golden.*******	I booked my trip for the Golden Nugget on Priceline, went for Thur-Mon so it was pricey, could of did same trip Sat-Wed for half the price...but couldnt get the time off.I have stayed there before 5 other times and have been to Vegas 13 times so I pretty know what to expect.Arrived about 11pm Thursday night, took a Taxi, was screwed charged me about $41 ..my return trip was $25..? I wasnt paying atttention when I arrived, thought price of gas went up or something...I utilized the Deuce bus downtown , 2 blocks from Golden Nugget, safe, $2 each way to strip...First time I took it and was suprised how nice it was...will do it more often in the future..Room in South Tower was fine for myself, clean, good maid service, but it is a longer walk to the casino and can be a pain....The room on the floor was the last one down the long aisle also...Went to Big Elvis at Bills gambling hall on the strip, he lost 500lbs! Great Free show Mon-Fri, in the casino floor 3p-6p everyday...must see all! Seen it 5 times now...Spent a lot of time in sports book at Golden Nuggett was packed for Football weekend...Was betting $500 to $2k bets..had to ask for drink tickets....to get free drinks...they should make that easier...Breakfast buffett is nice at the GN...only $10 Mon-Fri....more expensive ont he weekend...Mad they no longer serve Binnions chili in the Coffee Shop...You have to buy a cup at the snack bar upstairs...It is great chili thou....try it!Flights were screwed up there and back...but had a great time!ps...I noticed more then normal working ladies downtown this trip....right out in the open approaching folks...numerous were hanging out at the GN bars over the weekend...you can never go wrong at the GN!	
Sep 17 2008 	Excellent stay at The Golden Nugget	This was our third trip to Las Vegas having stayed on the Strip previously (The Bellagio and Excalibur). We were not disappointed with our stay at The Golden Nugget and enjoyed Fremont Street tremendously.We were booked in for 11 nights. Check-in was quick and easy and I requested a room with a good view and had the choice of downtown or the mountains. I opted for the latter.We were located in the South Tower, which is very close to the pool area, Carson Street Café and one of the 2 Starbucks operating within the hotel.The room was extremely spacious and very clean. It comprised of two double beds, a bedside table between the beds with a lamp, telephone and digital clock. There was a large chest of drawers with ample room for clothes, on which sat a huge plasma screen television. In addition was a good sized round table, two comfortable chairs and a very large wardrobe with an abundance of coat hangers, one iron, ironing board, hairdryer, two dressing gowns and a safe. The window does open and there is an air-conditioning unit underneath the window frame, which was quite effective in the intense heat we experienced.Also within the room was a vanity unit with two good mirrors and an ice bucket (there is a free ice machine further up the corridor).The bathroom was a good size with a large vanity unit, bath and shower. An abundance of clean towels were provided each day and we were never without the free toiletries as these were replenished each day. The Golden Nugget is a beautiful hotel, extremely clean and comfortable with a good atmosphere. All the staff we dealt with were friendly and eager to help. The beds were as comfortable as those we have at home and housekeeping was without fault. It was such a pleasure returning to our clean and tidy room each day. The breakfast buffet was extremely good value with a huge selection each morning, all freshly prepared and quite delicious. We also ate the Champagne Brunch at the weekend and again the food was fresh and delicious with a wide selection to choose from and the champagne was flowing freely with our glasses topped up regularly.We ate several times at Carson Street Café and we were constantly impressed at the excellent quality of the food and the very reasonable prices. Again, it was a very relaxed atmosphere and the staff were efficient and friendly. We enjoyed several mornings at the Shark Tank and Pool on very comfortable sun loungers. The pool area is very attractive and again extremely clean. It is an amazing experience to swim alongside the sharks and other fishes in the tank. There are two bars, which serve drinks and food (although a little expensive) and a good mix of music plays all day, to suit all tastes. It did become a little crowded over the weekend and the sun loungers are quite close together. However the terraced area was quiet. The pool also has a hot bath, which can hold up to 50 people. In this area are comfortable seats and day beds. There are also several Cabanas for hire.The slots were kind to us at The Golden Nugget. On joining the Players’ Club you are given $10 free play. I proceeded to win $70, which was rather nice as it didn’t cost me a penny to bet!My husband and I could not fault The Golden Nugget and if we were to return to Las Vegas we would not hesitate to stay here again. Downtown is a different holiday to that of the Strip. There is a party atmosphere each evening with live bands and street entertainment. During the day it is very relaxed and you do not get tired walking to the casinos as they are next door to one another. Also, the price difference is very noticeable with Fremont Street being far cheaper and better value than the Strip.Definitely 10 out of 10 for The Golden Nugget and Fremont Street.	
Sep 16 2008 	Not bad for the price	Not a bad place to stay. We have alway stayed on the strip and thought it would be fun to stay downtown. The hotel is alot smaller than I would have thought, but very easy to get around. I loved the pool........small but a great place to relax. You have to get there early or you will have a hard time getting a chair. The breakfast buffet was not bad but the dinner one was the worst. We only ate there once for dinner, go to Main Street it is less money and much better. Own room was in the north tower and very quiet. The room was small but the bed was great. The bathroom was the smallest I have seen something close to the bathrooms on cruise ships. Having said all of this I would go back. The staff was great and we really had a great time.	
Sep 15 2008 	you get what you pay for	It is what it is. The room was fine other than the ever present stale smoke smell in the &quot;non smoking room&quot;... nothing fancy but the bed was comfortable, which is important. the pool is fun, but surely not the hippest in vegas. in retrospect i should have splurged the extra cash to stay closer to the strip...a cab ride to the strip costs about $20-25.	
Sep 12 2008 	Will Not Return	Check in took well over an hour. Obviously several flights had come in around the same time.They had to have known we all were coming. The other guests I spoke with had come in on time, as had we, so it was no airline snafu that had caused this sudden crowd.So why weren't they staffed for it? I don't know. The room was fine. Not great, and not spotless either. I will say I did enjoy having the vanity and lighted magnifying makeup mirror.I did not enjoy being ignored at the entrance to the poker room. I am a nicely dressed normal looking 43 year old woman. Three separate times I was ignored.The pool was nice. I would not recommend &quot;The Buffet.&quot; Their lack of imagination in naming the place is a clue to the lackluster effort in the quality of food and beverage.I had some of the worst service of my life at &quot;The Grotto.&quot; I'm a long time hospitality manager so I will spare you my litany of things they did wrong so as not to sound crazy. Suffice it to say that as our &quot;Fancy Dinner Night&quot; it really sucked. The food was strictly ok.Go to Mamacita's down the street for really good food And Service.I won't complain too much about the 24 hour construction outside our room. After all it is Vegas and I don't expect quiet.I mention it for those who knowing about it, would choose to stay on the other side of the street.Which is where I will be... at Binion's.	
Sep 11 2008 	So So	Hotel pool is much nicer then it used to be but very hard to find a chair at the pool.The pool area is very crowded!The shark tank is very cool but wish there was more room at the pool to enjoy. Rooms are average.Would rather stay on the strip though.	
Sep 10 2008 	Had a Good Time BUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Prior to arriving, I called to check on the room that we had booked on line and to see if I could get a room guarantee. Please be aware that the &quot;Standard Room&quot; that most people book is located in the South Tower. The problem is that the South Tower is nearly 100 yards away and and the rooms have not been upgraded. To get a room guarantee in the North Tower (Standard Room) is considered an upgrade and costs an additional $36 per night. If you don't ask, they won't volunteer to tell you. Also, I would recommend that you pay the additional $20 fee for VIP check in to avoid the long lines, particularly for early check-in. We found the staff very friendly and accomodating throughout our stay. A word of caution if you're checking out in the wee hours of the morning - Getting a copy of our folio (bill) prior to checking out was impossible because the computers were shut down. We were told that they would have to send it to us either by fax or in the mail. Well, it's been a week now and we still don't have it resolved. Charges have appeared on both my wife's and my credit cards and no one can explain why or give us the actual charges. I would highly recommend the buffet for breakfast or lunch and we found the shark tank and the Freemont Street experience to be awesome. We booked round trip transportation to and from the airport with Gray Line Airport Shuttle. Be sure and call 24 hours in advance to make your reservation for pick up from the hotel. Call them again if the driver is not there on time. We came close to missing our flight because the bus picked us up over an hour late.P.S. Avoid the offers for &quot;free stuff&quot; at the hotel in exchange for a few hours of your time. The 2-3 hour time share presentation turned out to be 41/2 hours of high pressure gimmicking by some of the best in the business.	
Sep 7 2008 	Golden Nugget Fantastic!	We arrived late too the Golden Nugget (2am) We also took a cab (big mistake) take a shuttle if you are staying at the Golden nugget it was a $40 trip if you have to take a cab tell them to take the Swenson exit and the strip its cheaper.Check in takes about 2 minutes and you are to your room with in 3 minutes, but that was at 2am so it was quiet and easy!The room was clean, maid service always did a great job and the temp in the room was cool(nice to get out of the heat of August)we had an alright view we could see the corner of Fremont street and some construction, we never heard any noise from the construction so no complaints thereDon't think about getting room service unless you are ready to spend a few bucks! you are better off eating at the great buffet for $9.99 per person (for breakfast) plus you get a few 2-4-1 coupons when you book through certain places we went through NWAlunch is $10.99 and dinner is $17.99 all prices very much worth it.The staff was great, We stayed for 9 nights, so many of the staff remembered us and greeted us as we went through the hall ways, the dealers were very friendly and willing to help and teach you how to play games and they also made a point of remembering you and you're name as well!The pool was fantastic and clean and so was the cabana which you can rent for $175 a day, very cheap, many other places charge $500 a day!Fremont St is amazing so much to do and see and lots of security so you don't have much to worry about no matter what time you are out there, the Golden nugget is definitely one of the best hotels and casinos on Fremont ST so if you are staying there Golden nugget is the place to be!the best way to get to the strip or lets say you want to go to MGM from GN hop onto a bus to Sahara hotel and casinos and then get onto the mono rail and cruise that to the end with in 10 minutes or you could stay on the bus but that can take a very long timeall day pass for the bus is $5 and a all day pass for the monorail is $12 very much worth it when you can travel from downtown to the strip in no time and see it all with in a decent time frame!The Golden nugget is a hotel that when we go back we will be staying there again.My Wife and I looked at all the other hotels and casinos and we were so pleased with our choice at the GN, it was fantastic! The only complaint we had was the people trying to sell time shares from the Grand View hotel they were all over downtown and the strip, just tell them no thanks and keep walking, they will leave you alone after you ignore them!the best bet if someone is offering you free stuff and their name badge does not say Golden nugget ignore them because its not truly free!Golden nugget is a Golden hotel!10's all around!	
Aug 30 2008 	golden nugget is golden	Just returned from the Golden Nugget and felt compelled to write. Had always stayed on the strip and wanted to try something different. Couldn't have been more surprised and pleased. Stayed in the South Tower cheap room and was a little nervous because of the low price ($59. summer deal). The room was beautiful and the distance between the room and casino and pool was no problem at all. (If you've ever stayed at Bally's and tried to get to the pool you can relate! ) The restaurants were great. Won a little in the casino and access to other casinos was so easy. In fact, for the first time in Vegas we did not get burned out (literally and figuratively) since everything was an easy walk and the Fremont overhead screen also kept the area shaded. Access to the strip was easy and cheap using the Duece (public bus), however we ended up only going there once for a show at the Mirage. The staff was friendly and eager to please. The clientelle was a comfortable mix of Americans. Europians and others, young and elderly, no seedy types. Also, it was a nice change with no flesh peddlers handing you papers constantly. Unfortunately, you still have to put up with pushy salespeople but at least they're only selling condos. Really wish they would get rid of these obnoxious people, but I can walk fast and talk fast (&quot;No!&quot;) when I have to. Would recommend this place to everyone.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great experience as always at Golden Nugget	We have stayed here several times. We go about once a year. This was the first time we stayed in the North Tower. My sister was right, it is so much closer to everything. It never seemed like a far walk from the South tower, but it is. The North is also remodeled with luxury bedding and very large flat screen TV. Don't expect a coffee pot in the room and internet is $12.99 a day. If you don't mind a 2 block walk(from North tower), just take your laptop down to the Main Street Station and access wonderful free wireless internet there. It is in the players club area and is not a problem to use. The food is great at the buffet, ask for a coupon book when you check in(depends on your rate) and you will find 2 for 1 coupons. We had a small problem with getting them to change the sheets. They only do it every 2 days(water shortage ya know), which is fine but after the third night they still hadn't changed them, so on day 4 I asked that they come up and change them. They did, but much to my surprise at midnight when I got into the bed I found my toes on the matress cover because they had shorted the bottom sheet by about 2 feet. I called, they said someone would be right up, 30 minutes later, nothing had happened so I had to get dressed and go down to the desk. I was told they were on their way, I nicely asked for some compensation for the trouble and was given a $46 food &amp; bev comp for Carson Street rest. I still think the day maid did it on purpose, but the great front office MOD made it right. Fantastic pool, new club Gold Diggers overlooking Femont Street. It's great to stay downtown. Just hop on the double decker bus (The Duce) to go to the strip.	
Aug 28 2008 	6 A.M. Construction NOT "Golden" at the Golden Nugget	We originally booked 2 rooms, one non-somking king, and one smoking king. When we arrived at 5 p.m. we were told all that was left was a double in smoking. My husband does smoke and this was the last hotel on our trip and the only one that we had been able to get a smoking room. I was told that it was based on first come first serve. We were then told we could opt for a non-smoking room but with a king bed. We chose that one.What they didn't tell us that at 6:oo A.M. we would have 2 men on a scaffolding working..scraping, hammering, etc. outside of our windows! There was also the sound of construction from within the hotel. When I called, I was told that there were rooms above ours!!! and that was where the noise was coming from.I then took photos of the scaffolding with the 2 men on it and the recording from my phone and went to the front desk. As my husband and I went downstairs, we passed by at least 6-7 workers with toilets. They were remodeling all of the other rooms! The manager did comp our room and did offer free breakfast for both of us although this was after he asked What else I wanted!!!!!!. I told him we along with another lady with the same rude awakening, had wanted a good nights sleep and the courtesy of not being lied to about the noise and the construction. No room is that nice, to see people at your window at 6:00 A.M. on the 18th floor. A little frightening!	
Aug 27 2008 	One of my favorite Las Vegas Hotels!	Stayed at the Golden Nugget because of a great package price I got from the airline. I had been a little hesitant to stay on Fremont St, as it's an older area. But as soon as I checked in I was very pleased. The rooms were very nice and clean and the pool is beautiful. We ended up upgrading to a suite for the last 2 nights, and it was definately worth it. The bed is amazing, and a beautiful marble bathroom with a jetted tub. And for anyone having any doubts about staying on Fremont, IT'S GREAT!!! There is always action right outside the hotel, and the Fremont st experience (light show) is great. And with everything in close walking distance it's super convenient. And getting up to the strip is easy, there is a bus (the deuce) that runs up to the strip all day. I recommended the Golden Nugget to a couple of friends, now they won't stay anywhere else! Bottom line, the hotel is a great value!	
Aug 27 2008	beautiful rooms	We arrived in LV at 630 pm on a flight in from Detroit. Caught the CAT bus # 108 from Mccarran Airport. It was easy to catch, a short walk from the terminal, the fare is $2.00 or you can buy a 24 hour all bus pass for $5.00. The #108 takes you directly downtown and bypasses the strip. The absolutely best place to stay downtown is the Golden Nugget which has just been redone and is absolutely beautiful. Stay in the North tower it is worth the extra dollars not to have to walk and it has all been remodeled. The rooms are large with 50&quot; plasma TVs and beds that have feather mattresses and pillows and comforters. Ask for a room at the end of the hall if you want quiet. I stayed at the Paris Hotel and these rooms are nicer than the room I had at the Paris. The pool is circular and it has a large clear cylinder 360 view shark tank in the middle of the pool that you can swim up to. It is quite large and has a large assortment of sharks and fish. Be sure and catch the free blackjack and craps lessons @ 10 am in the casino. I paid $150 for 2 nights that included a 25$ food credit. We ate at the Grotto an Italian restaurant but It was overpriced and the food was not as fantastic as the price would lead you to believe, - avoid it. Our best budget stratagy was to eat at the McDonalds accross the street in Fitzgerald's casino and in thier Coffee shop up stairs which is fantastic.	
Aug 25 2008 	Golden Nugget is true class!	This is the 5th time I have stayed here and I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Vegas. The suites are great and the service is top notch. I loved the pool and did pretty good at the casino. A true gem in Las Vegas!	
Aug 24 2008 	Loved the Nugget	First time staying Downtown Vegas, wished we had done it before. The Golden Nugget hotel was everything and more!The pool area alone was worth it, the shark tank and slide are even more fun for &quot;grown ups&quot; lol The food at the buffett and the Carson St cafe was great.We were here to unwind and enjoy and everyone at the hotel was helpful and nice.We will stay again	
Aug 24 2008 	Really Nice!	Stayed here for a few days during spring break and loved it! Pool is amazing! Right dead center on Fremont Street which is exciting all on its own! Very fancy. Great rooms! Great deals! Had a blast and definately recommend coming here! My favorite part was definately the shark tank in the pool!! And the waterslide!	
Aug 21 2008	What a GREAT hotel!!!	What a terrific hotel!!!! We had a girls weekend at the Nugget with 24 women. The hotel and the staff were wonderful! The pool is about the only thing that could keep us out of the casino! Callie the pool manager and Sebastian were so attentive we didn't want to leave.The rooms were clean and luxuriously appointed (we stayed in the North Tower).The only think they could improve on would be making the Blackjack table a little luckier!	
Aug 20 2008 	Contiuous Upgrades	Return guests are given first class treatment. Limo pick up at the airport and comps.	
Aug 19 2008 	Golden Nugget best value in Vegas	I have stayed at the Golden Nugget five times and never had a bad experience. This time I stayed in the North Tower. My room was one of the best I have ever stayed in Vegas. The room has a 48 inch plasma TV and a bed that felt like a cloud. The staff here cannot do enough for you. The pool is incredible, you have to see it to believe it. There is construction going on, but other than parking issues it does not effect you. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, anytime.	
Aug 19 2008 	Loved it at the Golden Nugget	Stayed here for 5 nights. First time in Vegas.This hotel is great! It's a lot cheaper than staying on the Strip, and in my opinion, the area where it is (Fremont St/Downtown) is far better. It is so much cheaper and smaller (much easier to get around) than the Strip. its the original Las vegas! If you want to go down to the Strip, just take the bus (The Deuce) for a couple of $.The hotel is smaller than its Strip counterparts but it really is lovely. The pool is unbelievable - a huge shark aquarium, water slide, water falls, hot tub! There are lots of good places to eat - a cafe which serves breakfast, lunch, snacks and dinner; the buffet is fantastic; and italian. There are 2 starbucks on site. Nightclub and a bar also.Our room: we asked for a smoking room but learned our lesson. After coming from smoking-unfriendly New york we assumed Las vegas would be the same....WRONG! you can smoke indoors in Las Vegas. Our room stank of stale smoke and all our clothes (even in the wardrobe and suitcases) smelled bad. We thought it would get better (there is only A/C so no actual ventilation) but it didn't. We should have asked to change room but we didn't. Oh well, we will know for next time!!!Staff are very friendly and approachable. Casino is good too, but we didn't do much gambling; far better to watch someone else put $5000 on red at the roulette ;)all in all, great hotel for the money, very luxurious. P.S We seen our friends room at the MGM Signature - Penthouse suite which was amazing but it was their honeymoon $$$$$! they said that they actually preferred our hotel amenities and location. Plus they arrived to be told they had to pay an extra $15 a night for &quot;service charge&quot; for use of the pool!! They weren't happy bunnies!!	
Aug 18 2008 	Nugget is the Nice and Comfortable	Our stay at the Golden Nugget was above average. The bellhops were not too pushy and the desk clerks were friendly. The wait to register was about 10 minutes on a 08/12/08, Tuesday 4:00pm check in. We were staying at the South Tower which was located on the opposite side of the casino, but you got to view the shark tank pool through the a.c. lobby as you walked to your elevators. The negative was the time share people just outside the elevator hallway hawking you with &quot;Hi, are staying here for a couple of days ..... blah,blah,blah ..... &quot; as we just walked by and ignored them.The rooms were very nice and clean. They had a vanity top inside the restroom and just outside the bathroom was another vanity top for the ladies to get ready, while the restroom was being occupied. The beds were very comfortable and we requested feather pillows to be sent up to the room. The rooms come with a free to use digital safe, which came in handy. The a.c. was the under the window type which was no distraction to us. Overall, we were satisfied with the rooms and felt they were larger than your standard room, because of the vanity area. These South Tower rooms are nice and no upgrade is needed to be comfortable.The valet pick up was busy and slow, so we opted to use the self parking garage, which was actually very close to the South Tower. This made going to your room very easy and fast as opposed to using the valet and having to wisk your way through the casino, past the Shark Tank Pool and then the restaurant row, then your elevators. Use the self parking if time and distance is of the essence.The breakfast buffet was great and cheap at only 9.95 per person and it included an omelet station, salmon, fruit, salad, dessert, and free drinks. The line was brisk and we even got to use the buy one get one free coupon that we picked up at the front desk upon arrival .... must be staying at least three nights according to our travel package. The 24 hour diner was also included on the buy one get one free coupon and the oriental salad was big and good along with the world famous bread pudding that Steve Wynn's mother recipe.... also free with coupon.The blackjack tables are tricky in that some pay the 6-5 odds on blackjack as oppossed to the standard 3-2 payoff. You have to ask for the 3-2 tables to ensure you are not getting ripped off or read the sign for the 6-5 warning. The tables were mostly $10 min. bets and shoe dealt were available along with single deck. The best blackjack tables I found were the Las Vegas Club and The Cortez which both had double deck, $5 min. bet dealt out of the shoe and open faced. You have a better advantage this way in tracking cards patterns. In my experience, The 4 Queens offers the best comps for your play as far as time played equates a free meal at their Magnolias Cafe. The best prime rib special was the the Main Street sports grill/ brewery for $7.95 with the best tender prime rib, vegtable, and potato. It was better than Magnolia's $7.95 prime rib.Overall we felt safe and well taken care of at our downtown stay at the Golden Nugget and will be back soon. I hope this helps some of you make your decision.	
Aug 16 2008 	Economic downturn in Las Vegas? Didn't see it this trip.	I stayed from Thursday night late, to Saturday morning. I arrived on Friday morning around 1:30 a.m., to find about ten people in line! However, there were three desk agents, so check-in didn't take as long as I thought it would, about ten minutes, not bad. I was surprised, with what I'd read, that it was this crowded on a Thursday night check-in. I thought gas prices and foreclosures and such were putting a big bite on Nevada tourism. I'll think that again. Agent was courteous, fast and I had a room in the north tower.Room was clean, towels were thick and clean, all appointments very neat. I was on the 11th floor, one word of warning: to avoid excessive noise, get a room that does not face west, which faces the pool. There was a pool party Friday night, with loud glass-rattling bass until past midnight. Not complaining, after all this is Las Vegas, just a word of caution. Elevators were fast, casino was clean, air conditioner worked well, no complaints in these categories.Another word of warning: check your car before and after the valet parks it. I drive my &quot;weekend car&quot; to Las Vegas, and it had no damage prior to valet parking at the Nugget. After I got it back, and after I was long gone from Nevada, I noticed the door had been opened rather forcefully into a concrete wall, with paint scratched on the edge of the door, and concrete residue present. I'm not going to say anything, I doubt the hotel management would respond or do anything anyway, but be cautious if using the valet, and check your car upon receipt. Other than that, excellent hotel!	
Aug 12 2008	Golden Nugget - Updated hotel at a Great Rate	This was my second time at the Golden Nugget. The hotel has been renovated since my first stay and it is a vast improvement. The rooms are spacious, the bedding was first-rate, the amenities were high quality. My room had a king-size bed, a big, flat-screen television, a desk with free wireless internet, and a comfortable armchair.There are restaurants, bars, a live theatre, and, of course, a casino, in the hotel. The hotel is on Fremont Street and within easy walking distance of several other hotels, casinos, shops, restaurants, and the Clark County government offices. I got an unbelievably great rate of $59 per night!	
Aug 11 2008 	Loved The Entire Stay!	First time on Fremont Street, what a FUN time! Great atmosphere inside and out. Hotel was nice and clean with a really cool shark tank in the pool (aka The Tank). Suggest that you take a small coffee pot, filters and coffee with you if you are a caffine freak as the rooms do not have one. Also nice to have a cooler (ice is free!) and buy bottled water or drinks at the ABC store next door to the hotel for your room. The buffet at the hotel is very good; ask for buy one get one free coupons at the check-in desk. Also, if you need transportation to see the strip area, there is a shuttle called the Deuce that costs $5 for any 24 hour period. There are tons of free things to see on the strip (but wouldn't want to stay there) in the MGM, New York New York, and other places. Just ask at the front desk. Free drinks at all the hotels if you play at any slot machine. Golden Nugget offers the best free drink selections around. Make sure you get your 24K card at the Nugget, it's free and offers perks. You won't be disappointed! Priceline offers great rates!	
Aug 6 2008	The coolest hotel in Vegas-- who knew!	The rate is amazing-- $59 a night during the week-- only around $100 for the weekend. The rooms are huge and the pool is BY FAR the best in Vegas.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great time at the Nugget	Had another good time at the Nugget frorm 7-22-25-08...check in was quick and the girl, Cindy, took the time to get us the floor and type of room we wanted....it was not a hurry up thing with her. The hotel had plenty of vistors and it was easy to get around. the Pool was the best...plenty of site seeing there. Morning buffet was excellent...even though we got there late still had breakfest food out past 10:30 am. so we had a little breafeast and lunch....only bad part of the visit...the maid service was not up to the 4 diamond standard...forget wash clothes all three days we were there and soap on other days...and I mentioned to a supervisor the problem...it seems one lady just doesn't bring enough of them when she starts in the morning....but for the price...location...and easy in and out parking...the Nugget is great....will be back next Summer using Private Arrangements....	
Aug 2 2008 	Good Property - Disappointed they Closed the Pool to Hotel Guests	My son (13 years old) and I go to Vegas at least once a year, and always try and stay at a different property. This time we split our four nights. The first two were at the Golden Nugget. We don’t stay downtown. We don’t really like Freemont Street, but about 2 years ago the Golden Nugget opened a new pool complex with a Shark Tank (aquarium), water slide and all new pool. We saw it last year, and agreed to stay and play this year. The water slide goes right through the Shark Tank – which is very cool.The owners have spent a great deal of money renovating the venerable downtown property, and this is by far the best hotel-casino on Freemont. The room was excellent; huge flat panel TV, very well appointed bathroom, comfortable beds with way too many pillows. Only wish there had been a few more channels for my son to watch on the TV.But we came to swim – and wouldn’t you know, as soon as we arrived, we were told that the pool complex would be closed for most of our full day for a private party. That really stinks. I have no use for a hotel that puts private parties above its guests. I did get a late check-out on our departure day so we could swim in the morning, and we really did have plenty of time over the three days/ two nights we were there – but it is the principal of the thing. We had the same problem last year in Miami. I am, perhaps, jinxed. All that said, the complex is great – the waterslide really fast and really fun; the shark tank amazing. You can swim up to it on all four sides. Perhaps not of interest for all, but there is a lot of shade at this pool. When it is 105 degree out, shade is a good thing. In fact, obe entire side of the pool is under cover. Just worth mentioning.We ate primarily at the 24 hour Market Café. Food was very good, prices quite reasonable, and the wait staff generally fine. The other eating choices looked to be excellent with a great variety of cuisines. Obviously we did not sample the casino – with a 13 year old in tow – but it looked to be busy.Nice property. They are building another tower with 500 more rooms, so it must be doing well. We prefer the Strip – so its unlikely we would stay t here again. Word to families – Vegas can be a great family vacation. Just set your expectations. We spend most evenings at the magic shows, days swimming and enjoying the noises and lights. We often spend a few hours at Jillians shooting pool. And we know the best arcades on the Strip.	
Aug 2 2008 	Gold in downtown/freemont area	Stayed one night, Saturday, for a great price through Priceline. Check in was quick and painless with helpful staff. Very nice throughout the hotel/casino although not as elegant as 5 star facilities on the strip. Room was clean and quiet. I only ate at the 24 hour restaurant, can't remember the name. Excellent service at 1am along with very good food and portions. The waiter even added pancakes with my meal which wasn't on the menu.Poker room is a little cramped but very friendly staff and management. It was so busy that one of the managers had to serve as a dealer. I was very impressed with their commitment to their patrons.This facility is so much nicer than any of the others in or around downtown that there is really no comparison.	
Jul 28 2008 	Still A Downtown Hotel	Hotel still reaked of smoke. Decided on Golden Nugget because heard such great stories about it and how they spent 100 million to remodel it. Well I can't see where the money went. The pool is the best thing the hotel has and it's more or less just a shark tank. Room layout was horrible. Still just a downtown hotel no better than Vegas club or 4 queens.	
Jul 26 2008 	Another great stay at the Golden Nugget	This is our second stay at the Golden Nugget and this time we stayed for 13 nights. Everyone treated us great, didn't run into even one rude person. We had a room on 14th floor in the North Tower. Our view overlooked the pool &amp; could see the mountains. They are building a new tower behind the pool but the construction noise didn't bother us at all, the only thing we ever heard was the crane blow it's whistle when it was moving something. The room was big &amp; the king size bed was so comfortable. Everything was clean &amp; spotless, the maid service was great, everyday they had our room cleaned &amp; new towels etc before noon. The slots were pretty tight at the Nugget, really did most of our gambling at other casinos, but on the day we checked out my wife hit a 5 times slot for 550.00 which was a great way to say see you next year Golden Nugget lol. We also had NO problems being downtown, we never got bothered by anyone &amp; felt very safe. We walked fremont st at all hours of the night &amp; it's very safe. We will be back next year without a doubt, 2 stays at the Nugget &amp; neither time did we ever have a problem so they will get our business every year until they do something that really gets me upset lol. Oh one more thing, we checked in around 2:45pm and it only took 5 minutes max and we were all checked in &amp; ready to have some fun, and check out was even faster ;) One last thing, if you book your stay through a travel agent &amp; request North tower be prepared to pay additonal 25.00 a night at check in because we were told that when travel agents book your stay it's always at south tower price. That caught me off guard &amp; kind of got me upset but my wife calmed me down so i would stop swearing at the lady at the front desk heh	
Jul 23 2008 	First trip DT- gret experience	This was a solo trip for me, my 3rd trip in 18 months and my first DT. I had decided on the Nugget before even looking at other hotels based on reviews here.I was overly impressed with the staff from the Valet, bellhops, front desk. My room was ready and it was above expectations. It was a South Tower room on the 19th floor. I ate the the Carson St Cafe, and felt the meal was priced accordingly and was a good value. Had room service twice- both times it was hot and delivered quickly.I had registerd through Private Arrangements and I know when I return in December I will be staying once again at the GN. I loved the proximity to Fremont Street and being able to pop in and out of all the other casinos. I did not win at the Nugget's casino but this was not a winning trip at all.Only bad service was at the Rush bar- very busy night and only 1 bartender on. Our group moved over to the Dive bar- which was quieter and we were able to enjoy ourselves. The Tank was awesome- and the staff there handled an emergency evacuation very professionally. All and all an excellant 6 night stay	
Jul 23 2008 	Great Pool!	First time staying off-strip (downtown) -- have been to Las Vegas numerous times. The hotel is very nice. The room was in the North Tower which has been remodeled recently (per other reviewers) and was average. It was clean. The bathroom was small. The buffet was very good and the customer service was excellent. Slots were very tight but we're only supposed to take what we can lose right? :)The pool was soooo nice! Several hot tubs and cabanas available. Very crowded so it's best to go as early as possible to claim your spot.Saw a lot of construction but did not hear it. A huge plus!	
Jul 22 2008 	Vegas Rocks	This was mine and my boyfriend's first time we went to vegas, and loved it. We stayed at the golden nugget. People were really friendly. And the following year we booked a trip to vegas again and we stayed at the monte carlo I wasnt to inpressed. So this is our third time going now and we were looking at the pictures and airfare and of course we were drawn by the pool that the golden nugget has. So now we cant wait til we go in september of 08	
Jul 22 2008 	Loved the Nugget	Loved the Nugget. Its the best in downtown las vegas. Its hot in july but their pool is the place to be. THE TANK has a shark tank in the middle of the pool. Great place for relaxing in the water. Rooms are very nice the restaurants are very good and service is excellent. We will stay there next year	
Jul 21 2008 	Impressed with the remodel	My boyfriend and I planned a Vegas weekend and reserved and paid for two nights at the Mirage.After we booked that trip, he got a deal from the Golden Nugget for 3 free nights, 2 free meals and $250 to gamble with in the casino. So he decided to go ahead and take them up on our offer and book the rooms for the same weekend we were at the Mirage. The plan was to go directly to the GN, check out the room and facilities, grab a bite to eat and let him blow through that free $$. After that we'd head back to the Mirage (I'll write a review for that as well.)I'm kind of a &quot;new Vegas&quot; girl...I was not too excited head over to the old strip...but decided it wouldn't kill me. So we went.I have to say I was impressed with the new Golden Nugget. The last time I was there was YEARS ago and I didn't even want to walk in! Now it's all very modern and clean with marble everywhere. Certainly an improvement!Our room was on the 9th floor and overlooked the pool. I was so surprised at the non-tacky, fresh rooms with crisp linens and super comfortable beds! The room had been completely redone with new carpet, marble, wallpaper and obviously bedding. The room was a nice size, but the bath was small - only one person at a time in there!There was a desk, internet accessability, etc - but one thing to note, no fridge/mini bar.They were also very accomodating in the buffet restautant. I wasn't feeling well and didn't want to go to the buffet - but asked my boyfriend if he could bring me back some toast and cottage cheese. They never allow you to take food from the buffet - but they were kind enough to transfer the buffet credit to the cafe where he was able to get me my requested lunch. I thought that was a really nice touch.Again, we didn't actually stay over night there...but I did take a nap and all together I think we were there 5 hours.I wouldn't hesitate to go back or recommend this hotel to others...though I have to admit, I'll probably be sticking to the hotels/casino's on the new strip.	
Jul 20 2008 	A week at the Golden Nugget	We spent 7 nights and 8 days at the Golden Nugget. This was our first time staying down on Fremont St. We figured that since we always end up playing downtown, we might as well stay there this time.We used VIP check in and our room was ready for us when we arrived at 11:00 am. They provided a refrigerator that I had asked for when we made the reservations. We stayed in the South Tower on the 12th floor. The room was large and the bed comfortable. The carpet has seen better days, but the room was clean and it was re-cleaned well each day.The pool was lovely and it was quite an experience swimming so close to the sharks. The chairs are close together and the pool gets crowded, so we always went early in the day.The only meal we ate at the GN was at Lillie's Noodle House since we had a $25 meal comp. My soup and sushi were very good and my husband enjoyed his crab rangoon and shrimp dish.We did not play at the GN. There Blackjack is not very good compared to the other games close by. El Cortez has some of the best low limit BJ to be found and we spent most of our time there. We also played at the California and the Golden Gate - very loose slots! We made our reservations through the GN websit in advance and they went down twice. Both times I called and they gave me the cheaper rate without any problem. All in all it was a comfortable stay without any issues. My only complaint was that they would not let us know if we could have a late check out in advance; they said they only do that the morning of check out.	
Jul 20 2008 	Great Service from Start to Finish	This was our fourth stay at this property and it just keeps getting better. When we checked in we had two rooms at casino rate (thank you to James the wonderful host who gave us that deal even though we are low rollers) and I wanted to upgrade my elderly dad who had trouble last visit with the walk from the South Tower. The check in person found his reservation and told me that they had put him in the closer North Tower for the same price! Thank you! He loved his room and the shorter walk. We stayed in the South Tower as usual and were very pleased with our room. We spent a wonderful but pretty crowded day on the 4th at the pool. If you are downtown, check out their pool, it's really beautiful and there is plenty of both sun and shade.The only thing that marred our visit is my purse was tugged on walking down the hall by a pickpocket. I had a new purse and it was easily unsnapped. We had tickets to a show that were scooped up and stolen. The thieves then had the nerve to actually use our tickets! I also familiarize myself with the hotel I am at, including where security is so I do not have to stand in the middle of the floor screaming like a banshee. I went to the security office by the casino cage and spoke to the head of security. They couldn't have been nicer. Since they cannot be everywhere, they apologized and reviewed the tapes. Unfortunately they could not find the thieves and retrieve my tickets. They informed that if it was their shows they would give us new tickets, but we had to deal with the hotel where the show was. We did finally get to see the show.Upon checkout I visited the slot host and did not get any more off our room, but did get a complimentary buffet. Everything was always answered with a smile.Try this hotel, they really know what customer service is.	
Jul 19 2008 	Great Vacation Hotel	For the best rates, I continually checked every possible website for months! The hotel website was actually the best each/every time. I even canceled and rebooked with the hotel when their prices declined. After seeing negative reviews on tripadvisor, I was hesitant about our trip. Our group stayed in the south tower in 3 rooms in the 17th nonsmoking floor; plush sheets, pillows, towels, showers, sinks and mattresses were beyond perfect. Carpeting and AC was wonderful. Housekeeping was great. The buffet was fabulous. Customer service was very pleasant including the parking valet (which we used each night including Saturday), check-in, doormen, casino workers. This is definitely a four-star hotel. The pool is a nice size with much seating; the fish tank and slide are fun and interesting. We found 2 for 1 coupons for Downtown and much of Vegas in a book americancasinoguide.com and there is also a coupon page Downtown in the center of the street at the O2 booth-ask and you shall get. We never paid full price for any meal or drink while there! Our favorite place to eat was at the back of the Golden Gate (huge shrimp cocktail 99 cents with player's card) and Bay City Diner next door (huge fresh breakfast). Coupon is in the American Casino guide above. Enjoy your vacation! We sure did. 8-)	
Jul 17 2008	would not recommend	I upgraded my room and even that is just ok. The non smoking rooms still smell of smoke. I changed my room, now my room doesn't smell but the sheets do. Carpet is very old. The pool, is not as grand as shown in the pictures. It is actually rather small. Other then seeing the freemont street evening activities it really doesn't have much going for it.	
Jul 17 2008 	Loved The Golden Nugget	I was only at the Golden Nugget for 1 night while waiting to join others the following day at anonther hotel in Las Vegas. I arrived at the hotel at 10pm and was greeted quite cheerfully by the front desk staff. I was told there was good news and bad news, I had booked a smoking room and there weren't any available, but the good news was they had upgraded me to a 1 bedroom suite in the North Tower. I was pleasantly surprised and delighted at my good fortune at the start of my trip. the 1 bedroom suite is BEAUTIFUL!! After getting up to my room, changing, I set out to investigate what else the hotel had to offer. The shark tank in the middle of the pool was pretty impressive (and the water slide is great fun for kids of all ages), the hotel itself is very well taken care of and it shows. I decided to dine at Red Sushi located a few steps from the casino floor, and as a sushi lover I have to say the food was impeccable and the service excelllant, I felt like a queen. I checked out the nightclub Gold Diggers that was fun for dancing and people watching from the balcony that overlooks Freidmont Street. The casino is spacious but not enormous which was fine with me. I had breakfast at the buffet the next morning, the omelette station was very good as was their overall selections. My waiter, even though it was a buffet, was very attentive. I was sorry to checkout later that day, but I will definately return to The Golden Nugget , it's wonderful staff, and beautiful hotel.	
Jul 15 2008 	The Jewel In The Crown	Just back from another excellent stay at the Golden Nugget. This is the 3rd time we have stayed there and you will not get better value anywhere in Vegas, the US or Europe.We have travelled far and wide and no where is as good as the Golden Nugget. We were last there in October last year and it has improved even since then.The new Gold Diggers club and bar over looking Fremont Street are great. The staff in the hotel as so helpful and Gabriel at the pool even remembered us from our last visit. Impressive customer recognition or what! We paid around £700 for a 2 week stay, which is less than half the cost of a reasonable strip hotel. BTW the pool is amazing!The poker scene there is amazing too - we met Daniel Negranu, Phil Ivey and others playing poker in the Golden Nugget - totally awesome.The atmosphere in the Golden Nugget is always electric and the entertainment on Fremont Street is great everynight.The convenience of being able to cross the street in a comfort to another casino without the red hot sun beating down or the heat hitting you in the face is great.The choice of restaurants on in the Nugget and on Fremont Street is amazing. If the buffet is busy we recommend Jillians at the East Fremont end of the street for a great steak and cold beer. You can get a game of pool or do some bowling there too, if you want a break from the slots etc.I cannot recommend this hotel more highly - just go there.	
Jul 14 2008 	Wouaw	This was the first time we slept in Downtown Vegas. We already stayed at the Luxor, Venetian, Motel 6, Super 8 and the Golden Nugget is our favorite ! Classy; clean; original with The Tank; not too big, not too small. The room was perfect. We ate at the Grotto and took the breakfast at The Buffet, everything was excellent. Casino was less overcrowded than those on the Strip.Yes, we would stay there again !	
Jul 14 2008	Very Nice Stay	We stayed at Golden Nugget for 5 nights over the July 4th holiday weekend. Arrived around 11:45pm and waited 15 minutes to check in. Only one person was helping ‘regular’ guests check-in, while another 2 people helped the VIP guest line. Got to the front and was told they had no king n/s rooms left. She kept looking, and magically found a king n/s room in the South tower. Fine with us, that’s what we paid for and we didn't want to pay $50 extra for the North tower rooms. Headed off to the room, 4th floor facing away from the construction, and walked in to a room that was completely under construction. Mattress was leaning against the wall, headboard was leaning up against the bathroom, drawers were pulled out of the nightstand, etc. Ugghhh, how frustrating at midnight!! Went back to the front desk and explained to the same girl the room fiasco and she was very apologetic. She upgraded us to a North tower Gold Club room for our entire stay! Our gold club room was on the 12th floor, mixed in with the regular North tower rooms. We were not on the VIP floors. The room was awesome...a comfy bed with fresh linens and lots of pillows, a modern bathroom with a tv in the mirror, a corner seating area and a 42&quot; flat panel TV. The a/c worked perfectly and kept our room nice and cool. Also, our room was about 3 doors from the elevator so it was a very short walk. Ate at the breakfast buffet using a coupon from the booklet at check-in. Very good breakfast and $11 for two of us. I thought it was a great value. Also ate at the cafe for lunch. Salads were huge and very good. Had lunch at The Grotto and enjoyed our meal. They were not busy at all for lunch and the service was excellent! Used both the valet and self-park garage. Valet filled up on the weekend and even hotel guests had to self-park on Saturday night. Asked for a parking voucher at check-in so all we had to do was show that card to get free parking.Overall we were very happy with GN, our room, the staff, the restaurants, etc.	
Jul 13 2008 	it's ok	The hotel is OK. The front desk were not very helpful checking in, sending us to the wrong room twice. We asked for a non-smoking room and ended up on the 12th floor. The hallway was one big smoke ball. Not great. The air conditioner didn't work and they had to bring in a new motor for it. If you stay in this hotel, spend the extra bit of dollars and stay in the North Tower!!By the way , we asked for a free food voucher or something for the hassle and we got nothing. That didn't seem like it should have been a big deal to us, if they wanted to keep their customers happy.Some people seem to get buy one get one free coupons and others didn't for gold diggers. The drinks were 8.25 a drink!!. The strip gives you more value coupons, that is for sure. We didn't even get a free deck of cards...The pool is pretty good, but not as big as it probably should be. The slide is good but you are going so fast you don't even notice you are going through the shark tank.Food is very expensive, we never found a meal under 23 dollars for us two. We thought downtown would be cheaper then that.We actually enjoyed the other casino's like the Plaza and Binions more then the Nugget to gamble in. You could always get your own table.The Nugget is trying to compete with the hotels on the strip and it's not working. They would be better off to just be the nicest hotel downtown..Overall we did enjoy the Downtown better then the strip, but not sure if we would stay at the Nugget again or try another hotel down there..	
Jul 11 2008 	Good Value Downtown Vegas	My wife and I travelled to Vegas for seven days over the July 4 holiday. We had been to Vegas before, but always on the Strip, never downtown. So we decided to stay downtown for the first four nights of our stay.After some research, I determined that the Golden Nugget was the only four star hotel downtown. Armed with that info, I was able to get a great price for a holiday weekend -- only $75 a night - on Priceline.We got a room in the (older) South Tower, and based on some other reviews I had read I wasn't sure what to expect, in terms of whether the rooms might be run down or noisy because of ongoing construction near the tower. The room, however, on the 6th floor, was very nice. It was quite large, with only minor wear, and very quiet (even on July 2, when there was construction going on). The pool was nice, but crowded. The breakfast buffet was fantastic -- for only $9.99 we had all sorts of great food, a waffle and omelet station, and unlimited coffee and juice, all in a brand new, renovated restaurant. The prime rib at Tony Roma's across the street from the Nugget was also a good deal.I am a card player. The Nugget poker room was very nice. For blackjack, however, I walked to the casinos at Four Queens and to Fitzgeralds, which were very close to the Nugget, to find the five dollar tables with more favorable rules (e.g., permitting surrender). The Nugget only had ten dollar blackjack tables.One night we went to &quot;Defending the Caveman,&quot; a one act play running at the Nugget. This play has been around for awhile, and both my wife and I had seen it before, but it is a fantastic play and very well done at the Nugget. You can get discount tickets to this show, and many others, as well as restaurant discounts, at a &quot;tix4tonight&quot; booth in the Four Queens Casino right next door to the Nugget.Check in and out at the Nugget were very easy, unlike our experience at the Luxor on the strip. But that is another review. Tip: Car rentals are CHEAP in Vegas, and I recommend that you consider that if you want to get around a bit. We got a full size car throught Hotwire for $17 a day. All the casinos have ample free parking (no surprise, eh?) so its easy to access them all by car travel.	
Jul 11 2008 	Nicely surprised by the Golden Nugget	I had read the reviews of the Golden Nugget only after I booked a room for my two almost-grown children and myself in the south tower. The reviews I had read regarding the more affordable south tower of the Golden Nugget were not good. I was pleasantly surprised, however, when we opened the door to our room. The room was beautifully appointed and clean. The beds were so comfortable I couldn't believe it. I've never stayed in a hotel where the beds were so nice. The pillows can be exchanged for feather pillows at no additional charge, but we didn't feel the need to do that because they were comfortable, too. The bathroom was nice and the dressing table outside of the bathroom was a luxury since I had my teenage daughter with me. The pool is beautiful, but a little small. It also closes around 8pm nightly, which we thought was way too early. Customer service in the hotel is quite good. One word of caution: The food at the hotel buffet is not good, it tastes like you are eating a bad frozen dinner. However, there is a restaurant in the hotel, Carson Street Cafe, that I recommend. They are open 24 hours, serve breakfast around the clock, the food is delicious and the servings are huge. Oh, yeah, the prices are reasonable, too. The fitness room and spa areas are gorgeous, top-of-the-line facilities, but they charge you an extra $20 per day to use them. Bottom line: The Golden Nugget is great, but I didn't like the pool hours, the buffet food or the extra spa charges. Additionally, they charged me an extra $20 per day to add my 18 year old son to our stay even though he was the second adult.(my daughter is still considered a child.)	
Jul 9 2008 	Would Stay Again	Nice clean hotel , not 4 plus stars but close - Upgraded to VIP North Tower - nice room, great bed, lots of pillows, great BIG towels, very tasteful, but very dark (tv in the mirror in the bathroom!) - Would stay in the North Tower again, (close to casino) - Get to the pool early, too many for such a small, but awesome, pool - Great sound system and good music &amp; Not too uncomfortable being close - Slots very tight - Great to have five dollar tables, but again, hard to win - Breakfast Buffet - good - Evening Buffet too expensive not good quality - Employees - some very friendly, and funny ,felt welcome -others, (bartenders) very rude, will try to avoid you, at times - Hard to get a drink even with a good tip - Restrooms are hard to find and are few, but Very clean - Hard to figure out the casino floor plan for awhile - Need to not have solicitation by the door, VERY annoying - Construction, well, what hotel doesn't have some kind of construction? We had a view of THE CRANE, but also the pool and the mountains, - awesome - Just need to check before making reservation (any hotel) - Fremont Experience is entirely different than staying on The Strip - free concerts, light show, easy to walk, and some &quot;VERY&quot; interesting people - Will stay here again - Neat!	
Jul 7 2008	Thank you Bell Desk!	My husband and I were going to Las Vegas with our two children for the fourth of July weekend, and were suprised to find out when we got checked in, that the pool was CLOSED- because of a private party. IN THE DEAD OF SUMMER?? The next day we wanted to get some ideas on what we should do for the 4th; after all, the kids wanted to see fireworks. We called the operator, who told us the fireworks will be set off all over the strip- WRONG. Then we called the front desk who informed us that they had no idea where the fireworks will be, and transfered me to the bell desk. The young girl that i spoke with was VERY informed on when and where fireworks will be at- a breath of fresh air! Later on we wanted to find a good mexican restaurant in the area- and once again the bell desk was there to the rescue. This hotel seems to rely greatly on the knowledge of the Bell- Desk, as did we. We called down repeatedly for advice, and was never steered wrong. Overall- i don't know what our vacation would have been like if the helpful individuals at the bell desk werent there for us.	
