Aug 24 2009 	i love the staff there	i always tell others the town and country III on boulder hwy they do a great job there all the women in the office are very good and they are soso kind but if you are not there to have a safe and nice place to stay then they will make all trouble makers go away and im glad they really want you to have a place of security for you to lay your head down and feel safe they try to weed out the bad and usually they are pretty good at doing so the staff are all very good at what they do and the manager is on top of clean rooms and if you have a problem they will help you to solve it the grounds are kept very well and rooms are very clean and orderly i recomend if you need a good place with security this is the place to go	
Jun 4 2007	Discrimination is more like it..	the staff there sucked. if you aren't mexican, black or white then consider yourself gone. since my stay at that motel ( yes thats what they called it ) i have been discriminated against, which i will be happy to use in my case against the staff as well as the general manager. no dogs allowed on the premisis and yet one of their closet friend who is a tenant has a dog in their unit for like the past couple of years. you have unregistered tenants there, you have drug dealers and prosititues too. and yet you folks want to call yourselfs a very clean place. why dont you start by checking your staff before you go assuming you are the best. you are no different than sportsman or the suites. you right up in the same aisle. looks can be decieving but lemme tell you YALL STINK and SUCK at service.	
Apr 30 2007 	Handy to Everything	We come over from New Zealand every year and stay here when in Las Vegas, The staff are always helpful especially the manager, We think it is value for the money you pay, sure the furniture could be nicer, tv's bigger but then I guess you would pay alot more, you get free local calls and 70 channels, cooking facilities, and 24 hour security.Bill and Paulette Jackson	
Aug 21 2006 	The place has roaches and the General Manager doesn't care!	Looks can be deceiving. The rooms actually look okay. However, the room that they use for nightly rentals is much nicer than the rooms that they use for extended stays. My husband and I were there for an extended stay, and realized that the place had roaches! When we notified the front desk that we wanted to move, they would not let us change rooms &quot;for that reason&quot;. We even spoke to the General Manager, Rebecca Alexander who refused to change our room because of &quot;one roach&quot;. So, we had to get our money back and find another extended stay location. I would recommend the Crestwood Suites. It's a much nicer hotel and the staff is very friendly. It costs a little more but it's worth not having to sleep with roaches!	
