	Excellent - one of the best hotels in Vegas!	We go to Vegas once or twice a year and this time opted for the Encore. Overall very pleased with the room, the service and the price! Checkin on a Saturday early evening was easy and smooth (no wait at all) with a friendly welcome and an upgrade to a high floor panoramic room. The room was very nice, decorated to a very high standard with a great bathroom and a very comfortable bed. Room service was good quality and very quick (less than 30 minutes) - which is extremely good for Vegas. Didn't bother taking any photos as the room looked identical to the pictures on the website. Litterally my only complaint would be the slightly low shower pressure (but nothing like as bad as the Palazzo last year!). Overall extremely pleased and would definitely stay there again!	
	Beautiful accommodation - just a long way to go to explore	I had read mixed reviews about Encore before deciding to stay there, I had wanted somewhere that was beyond words - modern, with spectacular views, central location (ie not too much walking) &amp; was prepared to spend just that little bit more to get it. I was only partially happy with my chosen location.The staff on check-in were friendly. We did agreed to go with a room &quot;upgrade&quot; &amp; were not disappointed with the views or our room. The rooms were large &amp; luxurious - &amp; the most comfy beds!! The only real downside was the location. The hotel was a long way from anywhere &amp; was not a central strip location, they were rebuilding the outside of the hotel when we were travelling &amp; was noisy through the night, as we were up high it was fairly faint &amp; didnt disturb us too much. However, it made going into &amp; out of the hotel a bit of a mission. House-keeping didnt replenish the supplies of showergel etc once used.	
	Niiiice	From the moment I arrived to the moment I left, it was great. Atmosphere - check, friendly service - check, nice casino - check. Was here with a group of 8 and the sole reason was to indulge in a little too much alcohol, gambling and of course entertainment. The rooms were WOW, spacious suite, beds uber comfortable, great views, bathrooms were also large, even though I only spent a few hours here over the 3 days, it was a welcoming thought to be going back to the room. Bargain price for what you get plus a $75 resort credit. All the staff were great, in particular Rula in the lobby lounge, she endured our drunken babbles but was always courteous and she knew when we were running low, even though she was busy. The security staff here is also great. Definately come back	
	Over Rated	As a person who has stayed at some every nice hotels, the service was average at best. In the Casio it took someone 15 minutes to come fix my machine after asking 3 people. The rooms are nice but small if you stay in the regular rooms. There was no turn down service which you would expect at a hotel of this class. The food choices were limited with breakfast expecting to pay over 60 for breakfast with just eggs and no alcohol. On a Saturday night the music from the club can be heard for till 2 am and we were on the 31st floor. In my opinion, over priced and not worth the money.	
	Very Disappointed	After staying at the Wynn last year I was very excited at the prospect of staying at Enocore, after reading all the hype on web site. We got to our ‘suite’ which was nothing special and felt slightly crampt compared to the Wynn standard resort room we had last year. In Wynn we received a nightly turndown service which was a nice touch but this was by request only here, also there was construction work (replacing the entrance to the casino) which I have to say ruined the stay, the work was 24 hours a day drilling and banging. (im not been over dramatic here either) we would of appreciated been contacted prior to our arrival to have had the option of moving hotels.This been said the room was well appointed, nice toiletries and a large comfy bed. We ate in the hotel which we found quite reasonable for the extremely good quality food and ambiance (also helped by a big win on the BJ tables straight after to more than cover the costs). I wouldn’t return here again and would advise anyone looking at making a booking at the resort to stay at Wynn	
Nov 24 2009 	Would stay at the Encore encore	This is a lovely hotel and the thought that has gone into the design and decor is truly inspiring. I loved the red although I thought the butterfly theme was a bit 'girly' for such a huge, sprawling building.I was surprised by the lack of complimentary water in the rooms of a hotel of this level(the tap water tastes awful). The sound-proofing (lack of) is also a surprise. The vents for the air-con are by the window, where the controls are. If you sit in the lounge area to read a book or use your laptop (at $12.99 per 24 hrs), you freeze. If you go to bed (between lounge area and bathroom) you're too hot at night, and the bathroom is just like a sauna without the water! One of our party was doing hand washing in the evening and it was dry the next day after a night hanging up in the bathroom! Saved on the laundry bills I suppose... I'm surprised more vents weren't engineered into the building at the time of construction.We were woken up by drunks wandering up and down the corridor on a couple of the weekend nights when the Encore's nightclubs are open. Make sure you ask for a room well away from the nightclubs as I understand they can be heard - another obvious sound-proofing problem. We could also hear rooms around us flushing their loos, some muffled speech coming through a vent in the bathroom (sadly not an air-con vent), and showers being switched on and off. However, there was never any problem with water pressure or temperature considering so many people must have been showering at the same time.The spa is fabulous - really luxurious and well worth a trip. It's a shame that you can't use the facilities unless you've had a treatment that day but I suppose they have to limit the amount of people in there because of the hotel's capacity. You can pay $30 a day to have access if you're not having a treatment.The pools lose the sun at about lunch time, due to it disappearing behind the Wynn. I'm surprised new hotels in Vegas bother to build pools because of the size of all the buildings! Even in November it was warm enough (just) to lie out in the morning although once the sun went behind the Wynn tower, it was too cold to stay out.We had breakfast at the Society Cafe every day, as well as a couple of evening meals there, and couldn't fault it. We also had an evening meal at the restaurant by the sports book in the Wynn (can't remember the name of it) which was also good.Even with the air-con and sound-proofing problems, we would stay again.	
Nov 23 2009 	The hotel is wonderful but check-in was a nightmare	If you can make it through the check-in mess, you will enjoy your stay. I was traveling with a car group through Arizona and Utah. The tour started at the Encore for two nights and ended at the Encore for two nights five days later. Making arrangements for rooms and dinners was handled well by the hotel. They allowed us to park our own cars in the valet lot which worked out well. But when we got there for check-in, it was a nightmare, and we were booked at the Tower Suites, which has its own check-in area. At 2:30 the rooms weren't ready, at 3:00 the rooms weren't ready, at 4:00 some of the rooms were ready but not on the requested floors. If the wife's name was not on the reservation they would not let you check in, even if the husband called and confirmed with the credit card, but even that rule was not consistant. Five days later when we returned it was the same craziness, rooms weren't ready. They told me they were going to put me in one room and when I went back to get my key after 2 hours, they had given my room to someone else. For a top notch hotel the check-in process is a mess. The rest of the stay there was very nice. The rooms are nice, the staff, except check-in, were very friendly. The view from the rooms is fantastic. The restaurants in the Encore and Wynn are great. The shopping is great.	
Nov 23 2009 	I don't think there will be a repeat of this	The boyfriend and I make it a point to come visit Vegas at least once a year and we'e always stayed at the Signature (which by the way has always been an EXCELLENT stay). Decided to try something else this time and picked the Encore. Don't get me wrong, the hotel, the decor, the room were all beautiful. I'm a fan of red despite the fact that it made the lobby and casino look bordello-ish. The room was nice... loved the bed and the drapes and of course the view. Bathroom was nothing spectacular..still prefer the SIgnature's huge jetted tub. I did not like the toiletries at all. Oh but the robes are awesome! One thing they really need to work on is the soundproofing. It felt like we could hear each adjoining room's toilet flushing and door banging while we were in that room. Oh and if you're out in the hall walking past rooms you can hear the conversations and whatnot going on behind closed doors. No microwave, no fridge, no coffeemaker! Be prepared to pay for every little comfort. No comp. bottles of water like the Signature. If you want to use your laptop during your stay, be prepared to pay $13.99 for 24 hours of internet access for EACH laptop. Steer clear of the minibar and the goodies found in the rooms. And I mean don't even touch them and lift them because you will be charged for it. Housekeeping was great! Roomservice was expensive but you have got to try the ribs. It was to die for! I also didn't like the fact that there was someone from security (i guess) standing by the walkway to the elevators asking guests to show their room keys.	
Nov 21 2009 	Wynn Encore	Luxurious suites with elegant decor, the food is amazing, and the balcony bar behind the falls is a must see at night!	
Nov 19 2009 	Pass on this Hotel	We had 3 nights and 4 days at Encore Hotel but it won't be a hotel we stay at again. Upon checking in the computer crashes, we have to wait for almost 25 minutes to get a key that wasn't a universal key only to go to the room and find the room to be extremely hot. Put AC on at 60 and found it wasn't helping..big note on this hotel is there is no A/C vents in the bathroom too. Who wants to shower in a hot bathroom then attempt to dry your hair. Got a fan didn't help. Was told there were no other rooms to move to. Had to call the repair man for the wine bar as the brain element was exposed..guess no one checks these things when they refill the bar..its pretty obvious..duh. We finally went back to the registration to get the universal key only to listen to the guest next to us get offered a upgraded room on a higher floor...gee thought that wasn't available.. Of course I had to complain then to the night manager who got us moved to a higher floor at what 11pm at night.. at least once you got off the elevator you can tell the floor was much cooler so the new room had AC that actually worked. Still no cooling in the bathroom but it was better. The spa staff on Saturday and Sunday were extremely rude.. Once you checked in and got a locker you got hassled at the gym because you were suppose to get a pass to use the facility but the rude employees at the spa said you didn't need one. Now ask yourself if the staff at the gym said we needed it why would the spa staff say we didn't?? The spa its self was fine but the prep area to get dressed and put makeup and dry your hair was terrible..poor lighting and not enough cleaned brushes to use. In fact you didn't know what was clean.. I advise bring your own hair brush. The pool area in spots had a definite smell of the sewer and wasn't pleasant.. Finding a waitress was a difficult by the pool too.. They had plenty of guests around the pool area that they could have had more staff to accomodate.. I saw guests ask for things and then were never brought them too.. Restaurants were good with the exception of Switch..staff didn't seem to know to change glasses when they are pouring a different bottle of wine..and with a corkage of $50 a bottle that should not happen.. We weren't impressed with the food at Switch either.. There are so many hotels on the strip that you should try first before you stay at this hotel.. I did send in all my comments to the hotel via email and all I got back was sorry.. We will spend our money elsewhere next time..	
Nov 19 2009 	How do they do it?	The Encore did a great job during our stay in Las Vegas.I don't know how they train and motivate their staff to provide such a consistently good experience but every single person with whom we interacted with went beyond helpful and pleasant.Our room on the 59th floor was right-sized. Not too small but not particularly big. However the decor and details are amazing. You can open or close the drapes, change the privacy sign, adjust the lights, and that's just from the bedside controller. The bedside phone is cordless, the desk phone is business sized, and the bathroom phone is just convenient. The very large flat screen tv swivels for watching from the bed area or from the living room. The large bathroom had a bath, a nice glass shower, a tv, a separate toilet, and a large, two-person counter top. A full-sized professional-style hair dryer was provided.Our room was on the back of the hotel and the view was impressive from the wall-sized widow.. It must be amazing from the front-side overlooking The Strip.Everything in the hotel is expensive although the quality of food in the restaurants and room service is good. Try for easy comps to the Society Restaurant in the casino. The esplanade stores are for the very rich. Get snack food and drinks from the nearby Wallgreens. The mini-bar refrigerator can't really be used for personal stuff but within minutes of a phone call to housekeeping we had our own little refrigerator for the duration.I suggest, like us, you rent a car and use it to travel from casino to casino (valet park for the price of a tip) and out to Hoover Dam etc. Bring your own GPS or rent one with the car.	
Nov 18 2009 	ALL guests should be treated equally 	Upon returning to the hotel after a great comedy show, our taxi, as well as the twenty (20) or so surrounding us, were unable to enter the otherwise regular entrance/exit thoroughfare due to Wynn employees placing pilons &amp; guarding same, in such driveway. All exiting taxi patrons were forced to be dropped off in the middle of an otherwise busy traffic lane. Then, our party of four (4) was admonished by &quot;Steve&quot; in security for attempting to utilize a &quot;private entrance&quot;, although we had used same repeatedly prior thereto, for over twenty-four (24) hrs. w/ the blessings of other Wynn employees	
Nov 17 2009 	Beautiful Property Service Not Up To Par	My husband and I arrived for a three night stay at about 2 pm Sunday afternoon. The lobby and check-in was a zoo of people, and although about a dozen people were working the front desk, we waited about 20 min to check in. It was so noisy that I literally could not hear the woman who was checking me in, although we were leaning close to each other and practically shouting. When I made the reservation, the agent told me I would get a room with a strip view on a high floor. This was not the case. They tried to upsell me a room in the Tower Suites on the 17th floor for $50 a night which I declined, and finally, on their fourth offer, they upsold me for $25 a night to what they call a &quot;Panoramic View&quot; on the 57th floor which had a did indeed have a great view of the strip. We were staying there on a promotion, where one night was complimentary, and at check-in I was told the $25 upsell would only apply to the two paid nights, but at check-out, it was a different story. They wanted $25 extra for the complimentary night. (By contrast, when we stayed at the Four Seasons in Las Vegas six weeks prior, they upgraded us to a gorgeous strip view at no charge). I got the feeling that Steven Wynn spent a pile of money on this place -- it is absolutely gorgeous, but now he is nickeling and diming his guests to get a return on his investment. However, this is irritating to the guests.. Also Steve Wynn's photo pops up throughout the hotel, and he is the narrator on the in-room video selling the hotel. And you've probably seen the tv commercials where he is sitting on top of the building. This is a bit too much for my taste. It seems Steve Wynn is a bit full of himself, and he has passed that trait on to many of his employees, who have a pretentious attitude -- which is a turn off to guests. The room itself was beautiful, but took a bit of getting used too, as it is decorated a bit loudly for my taste. One wall is covered in a large black and white houndstooth design. The amenities in the bathroom are nice, but not great. Bring your own Q-tips, the ones they supply are so flimsy, they will poke your ear out if you are not careful. Two other negatives are there is no coffee maker in the room and you have to pay for internet access. Coffee for two from Room Service is over $25, and if you go down to the lobby bar you can buy morning coffee for about $4 a cup. (By contrast, when we stayed at the Four Seasons, they has an in room coffee maker, and complimentary morning coffee and tea serice in the lobby, and a choice of three complimentary morning newspapers.) The Encore's spa costs $30 per day, while the Four Season's is included. We used both hotel's spas, and IMO the Four Season's was nicer, though smaller. One morning we had breakfast at the Terrace Cafe in the Wynn. The service was so bad -- food had not arrived after half an hour, and when it did arrive it was cold -- that they comped us for 50% of the meal. Well %100 percent of the service was bad, but I guess the restuarant manager would have had to get an OK from Mr. Wynn himself to comp us for the entire breakfast. Another day we ate breakfast at the Encore's Society Cafe. Service was good -- they even gave us a &quot;free&quot; USA Today to read -- if you get there before they run out. But for two regular entrees and two cups of coffee, the bill came to $50. This is breakfast for two. We also ate at the Wynn Buffet which we have eaten at several times before. It is stil very good, but not as good as it once was. Also ate at the Z-something deli which was tasty though pricey. A highlight was seeing the show Le Reve. Quite a spectacle of dancers, gymnists, muscle men, etc. Another lowlight of our stay was one evening when I was walking over to the Sinatra restaurant to have a look at the menu. Now, there is only one destination when you are going to Sinatra and that is Sinatra. A big security guard stopped me, and said, &quot;Are you going to the restaurant?&quot; as if I was a criminal. &quot;Yes,&quot; I said, thinking, where else would I be going. Guests should not be treated this way. Another problem is the mini bar. I picked up a bottle of hand lotion and looked at the lable for 30 seconds. A $12 charge appeared on my bill, which they took off when I complained. So don't touch anything on the minibar unless you are going to buy it. Further, Mr. Wynn provides a little booklet hawking many of the items in the room. Like the sheets? You can buy them for a mere $300. Etc. He'll even sell you the bed for about $3,000. However, nowhere in the room was there a comment card, to ask guests how their stay was. I guess Mr. Wynn doesn't care. When we checked out on Wednesday, it was again a zoo, and I had to wait 20 minutes as only 2 people were staffing the check out. They did have a guy asking people to express check out but everyone declined, as I guess they wanted to see their bill, to make sure no weird charges slipped on. Final thought, this is a beautiful physical property, but employee service training needs a big shot in the arm, and Mr. Wynn should make his guests feel welcomed and relaxed, not like they are being watched and hit up for money at every turn. BTW the hotel just got awarded the 5 Diamond AAA awarad, and they will waste no time in tooting their own horn about it. Postscript: The shortest line in the hotel was in the casino at the cashier. No one was cashing out.	
Nov 17 2009 	Beautiful hotel wonderful stay but housekeeping could be better	We arrived on Sunday lunchtime for our 3 night stay and waited about 15 minutes to check in. Once we were sorted, the check in clerk called the bell desk for us to have our bags delivered to the room. We waited no more than 10 minutes for them to arrive and the bell hop was very pleasant, helpful and grateful for the tip we gave him. We got the room for a fantastic rate of $109 per night.The room itself was lovely with a view of the north Strip (Circus Circus, Stratosphere, Riviera) to the left and the Wynn golf course and the convention centre to the right.The drapes and lights were all centrally controlled from a little pad beside the bed which my husband enjoyed tinkering with. The safe inside the wardrobe was easy to set and free to use but it was a little bit small so there was no room for my husband to keep his binoculars. It was fine for storing the passports and tickets though.The communal areas were all immaculately kept and the red theme was beautiful throughout. The casino wasn’t busy and there was never any problem getting on my favourite slot machine. Cocktail service was pretty good in the casino and the waitresses outfits are the most beautiful in Vegas (black and backless with tiny crystals).Although we didn’t spend any time by the pool this trip we did check out the pool area and it was absolutely gorgeous. We had to show our room key to gain access and were immediately offered towels which we declined. We strolled around the pool and it was very peaceful. The gardens were immaculate.If I was to find fault with the hotel room I would say that housekeeping let it down.The black couch was quite dusty and it had a dubious white stain. There was a sticky cup stain on the desk which stayed there for the duration of our stay. The glasses that we used in the room were only washed up once in three days. When housekeeping came to do the room they just made the bed and folded/replaced the towels. The amenities that we used were not replaced and they didn’t tidy or spruce up the room (although they never forgot to put the card advertising the Encore shops, restaurants and spa services on the bed). Although it was a little bit disappointing for a 5 star hotel it certainly wasn’t bad enough to make me complain to the front desk or spoil my Encore experience in any way. Had I been staying for longer than 3 nights then I may have placed a call to housekeeping but it just didn’t seem worth it for the short period of time we were staying.	
Nov 17 2009 	Awesome Place to Stay	Checked into the Encore because I prefer to stay at newer hotels because of my allergies. Was picked up at airport by one of the Wynn Rolls Royces, the driver was super friendly and then driven to the tower suites private entrance. Check in was very quick and easy, and the suite was amazing. Spacious, had that new smell, bed was super comfortable and the suite even had a private massage table room. Food and room service was fantastic and my casino host made sure anything I needed , happened.	
Nov 16 2009 	Beautiful Hotel...but expected more.	My wife and I stayed here six nights this past June (2009). The hotel is beautiful and the staff was courteous and proffessional. The check-in process was quick, but that could be due to our early arrival time (10:00 AM). The room was large, which was one of the reasons that we chose this hotel. The food was excellent in the restaurants and [lentiful in serving size. However......the air conditioning system is a terrible design. The unit is located in the living room with no other vents in the bedroom or bathroom. So it's 60 degrees in the living room and 85 degrees in the bathroom! The casino is a yawner, pool is packed (which is to be expected) and the clubs do not offer any advantage to gaining entry, even though you are a guest of the hotel....probably because at the this time they are the hottest clubs....although on a phone call before our trip, we were told that our room key would gain us entry...this policy is not adhered to.	
Nov 14 2009 	Luxurious place with only little cut backs	Great rooms with lots of space and all comfort but lacking coffeemaker and free wireless lan which almost any budget motel chain in the U.S. offers. Service was always great, very nice staff. For our taste the swimming pools are to crowded and in the afternoon most of the pool area was shady. Great location with lots of food options in the hotel and if you are traveling on a budget in the Fashion Show Mall on the opposite side of the street. Make sure to visit the La Reve show in the hotel. It was fabulous. We recommend the champagne circle seats which offer private drink service and video screens.	
Nov 14 2009 	Mind less Staff	How about for starters,I was getting married in Vegas and was suppose to be upgraded to a larger suite with a centurion upgrade.The Mgr told me to wait a day because they were booked and then they will have something available.I did.I waited until 5PM the next day unchecked in my current room only to be upgraded to a handicap room on a much lower floor (no view) that they assured me was a beautiful parlor suite.It looked like a room from my worst nightmare at $368.00.I declined the room and checked into original suite.The suite could not accomodate both my clothes and my soon to be wife's clothes for 5 days.To make up for us wasting a day they sent chocolate which I sent back.Give me a break.I expected them to take off the 1 day room stay that we did not use and they then offered me a $10.00 bottle of champagne.Told them where to put it.I called before my arrival to see if they had a computer center to go online for my business.They assured me they did but when I arrived they told me it was closed.They had no computers anywhere to use except a Kiosk in the Wynn hotel.When my wife was waiting for me at the kiosk computer ,security came over to my wife and told her not to stand where she was in case someone wanted to use the phone.I told him what he needed to hear as well.DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL. PS try $27.00 for a pot of coffee (room Service)When I get [--] I like to enjoy it.	
Nov 12 2009 	Wynn Encore should be renamed The WORST Place to Stay in Las Vegas	Guess what as a VIP invited guest you get a crap view from your hotel, it costs me $ 1.25 for a local call, didn't dare try the internet service of $ 13.99/day, which is free in every other hotel I've stayed, a simple cheese omelet was $ 33.00 after all of the fee’s, no HBO or Showtime? But lots of TV about Steve Wynn. Don’t touch anything in the fridge or the snack stand it costs a FORTUNE, I didn't play and lose enough money in their casino, (11 hours play in 3 days and a loss of + $ 4,000.00) as tracked and graded by my casino card which was wrong. I guess I'm not rich, enough for the Wynn hotel’s, dealers and supervisors are so hungry they have to go out with customers so they can eat&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I'm sure the next time I go back to Las Vegas my stay will be back at Caesars again. THIS PLACE IS A RIP OFF	
Nov 11 2009 	6 star resort 7 star service (out of 5)	Stayed at the Encore 10/31 thru 11/5 (room 5547), and at the Wynn 11/5-11/6 (room 1818). Here for the Sema/Aapex trade show. We stayed at Caesars 2003, Aladdin (PH) in 2005, Venetian 2006, Wynn 2007, Palazzo 2008. The Wynn &amp; Encore are the best properties by far.Web sites that book the airfare and hotel together (Expedia.com, Vegas.com) offer packages about 40% lower than booking hotel and air apart. You can select amy hotel you like.When taking the taxi from the airport, fare will be about $15. Give the driver $25 when you get in if you want the fastest route to the hotels. It's only a 12-15 minute ride depending on traffic.When you get to reception you might put a $20 on the counter, but the staff will not accept a tip until after you are signed in. They will still want to upgrade you for $20 a night to one of the top 10 floors. Well worth the upgrade. Spoke with someone staying on a lower floor and they said the noise from the club was quite loud. Also, the Wynn properties place a $150 per night hold against your credit card for potential charges. If you use your Amex card you will never notice this charge. Option B, bring a charge card with $10k of credit available. If neither of these work for you, you are checking into the wrong hotel. No shame in staying at TI, Mirage, Paris, PH. All fine properties. But if you stay at the Encore enjoy yourself, spend some money, tip well. Also, we usually arrive early and our room might not be available until late in the day. Leave your luggage with the bellman, relax and enjoy yourself (Although last 2 years we had a room available early in the am). A day before you checkout see a casino host. If your level of play is strong they will comp you quite a bit of the food/beverage tab. Remember at all times, your attitude will be mirrored back to you. Come in happy, positive, and you'll almost always get that same vibe back.When we stayed at the Wynn we thought that was incredible. The rooms at the Encore are huge. All the views are terrific. The beds are incredible. The 2nd day we told the maid not to bother with our room. Everything was clean and stocked and we did not need any new towels. Later in the day another maid came by to see if we needed anything. A few hours later the housekeeping manager came by to make sure we were ok. The service here was amazing. There is NO charge for the room safe. You can enter a 4 digit pin number OR use the magnetic strip from your room key or a credit card to lock it. A few reviews mentioned a charge for the safe. There is a $14/day charge for wifi. If you brought a laptop you should be able to expense that to your business. If you only plan to check email a few times during your trip you could use the business center or one of the wifi cafes on the strip .(ok Steve Wynn, here's one area for improvement. Room service trays were left out overnight. No need for dirty dishes in the hall. Please pick these up more often)Ate at Wazuzu, portions a bit large but excellent. Terrace Pointe Cafe, full cafe menu but no longer open 24 hours. Zoozacrackers deli, excellent, huge sandwiches. The Buffet, wonderful. SW Steakhouse, dress warm to eat outside and see the show. At the cafe when a waiter finished clearing a table he placed a napkin over the dirty dishes before carrying the tray past guests. A waffle came out a bit cold. The replacement waffle was brought out quickly by the manager himself. He bused a table on his way back to the kitchen. At Wazuzu when pouring water the waitress placed a napkin behind my glass to catch any stray droplets of water. At SW our party of 4 split 2 entrees and a number of sides and salads. The waitstaff made us feel very comfortable, bringing plenty of clean plates. In The Buffet the cooks behind the line were cheerful and polite to everyone. Whoever is running the food services at the Wynn properties could not be doing a better job.The casino at the Wynn and Encore both have something to offer If you want the excitement and flash of Vegas try the Wynn. The Encore casino is much quieter and less smokey. There is a beautiful walkway connecting the two. Less than a 6 minutes walk from Encore elevators to the Wynn poker room (all walk times assume a brisk, but not running, pace). We did not play any of the table games but won big on poker and slots. Poker is a game of patience sometimes helped out by a bit of luck. Slots I can teach you how to win. 1) avoid any machine with a jackpot of more than $100k. We have won over $1200 many times this year, never even seen anyone who won $100k. $400 and higher payouts are not uncommon. 2) play 5¢ or 10¢ denominations. I am convinced casinos make their money on the smaller ¢ players. 3) you MUST play all the lines on these new video slots. These machines use the concept of stacked wilds. If you only play 30 lines on a 40 line machine you will never win enough to offset your bets. 4) When you win smaller jackpots ($200 and up) get off that machine immediately, move on. 5) If you win enough to fill out a tax form take some of your winnings in check. Takes a few minutes longer but worthwhile. 6) Tip out anyone who does anything for you in Vegas. Instant Karma. MOST important.Walk from Encore elevators to the Las Vegas convention center 25 minutes. To the Sands Convention center 20 minutes. Walk whenever you can in Vegas, keeps your vacation, calorie neutral. Our favorite shows, in order or WOWness, KA (do not sit in the first 12-15 rows, looking up too much. Dine at Shibuya), Penn &amp; Teller (funny, clean, and amazing), Love (dine at Fin, skip Stack). Bette Midler (check out Mon ami Gabi for late lunch at Paris, get a table by the sidewalk), &quot;O&quot; (get in line at 4:30 at Todd English Olives for 5pm seating on the patio. Closest you'll get to the water show at the Bellagio. Dress warm), La reve (not my favorite). Also worth the trip is Aliza, a beautiful restaurant at the top of the Palms. While you are there you can see Ghostbar and the Playboy club (one admission covers both).The Venetian/Palazzo are nice properties with large rooms and a lot to offer but they are not in the same league as the Wynn properties. Wynn/Encore furnishings are better quality and the Wynn/Encore service sets the bar for all of Vegas.Side note. We got to the airport on 11/5 to go home. Flight was delayed. Continental said we would miss our connecting flight to Tampa but they would put us up for the night in Houston. I called a casino host at the Wynn who comped us a room for the night as well as our full food tab ($200). Vegas is a much better place to be delayed than Houston.	
Nov 10 2009 	Wynn does it again	Steve Wynn took Wynn Las Vegas and made it better with larger rooms (all suites), a toned down decor and some great restaurants. Service was perfect (though I didn't make any special requests)There are two places that are a little less desirable about Encore 1) the pool is sort of boring and 2) it is fairly far north on the Strip.I will be back	
Nov 10 2009 	Great 10th Anniversary Beautiful Hotel Get Rid of the Music!!	Before finally booking this hotel in particular I scrutinized every feature of this and the others that I was comparing it to and although I was a bit apprehensive about choosing this one due to it's location, I'm still glad that I did.Upon arrival at this Hotel you can tell that everything about it was done first class. There's some things that are obviously being worked on outside but everything else is just top notch.Check in was a breeze. I didn't even need to slip the clerk a $20 bill, yet still got a great room with a view. The view was amazing on the 11th floor. To our Left was the Golf Course at the Wynn and to our Right was the Montainous region toward the Northwest. At the same time, our view also included the pools and the wonderful Gardens that surrounded each of them.The Room itself was the Resort Suite King and it was amazing. It was very spacious and nicely decorated. The Entry Hall/Foyer was clean, long and led you to all of the right places. To the right off the Main Hall is a very nice bath with a Stand up Shower, a Bathtub (no Jacuzzi), twin sinks, a lighted mirror and a seat for the ladies to do their makeup. Enter a doorway to a nice separate 3 by 5 toilet room with it's own door. There's a nice 15/17&quot; LCD TV in the bathroom that we left on continuosly with some nice classical music on one of the cable channels.Further down the Hallway to the left leads you to an Armoire full of niceties that you can purchase (including and intimacy kit) if you lift something up for longer than 60 seconds. On the right is a closet with an Ironing Board, some hangers, a couple of garment drawers and a safe that was easy to set and use.Continuing down the hall leads you to the Bedroom which is nice in size, decorated nicely, has a nice sized LCD TV that swivels 360 degrees towards the bed or towards the separate Living Room area.The Bed is ultra comfortable and although it's advertised as a King, it seems to be closer to a Queen.The Living Room lncludes an L-shaped couch, a separate desk and a great view.The positives: The very comfortable bed and pillows (which my wife convinced me to purchase and send home from the WYNN store); The view; The Decor; The Bathroom overall; The European Bathing Pool; The luxuriousness feel throughout the Hotel; The Waterfalls throughout the Grounds of the Encore/Wynn.The negatives: The lack of a Jacuzzi, Having to pay for Wireless or Ethernet hookup; Lack of explanation of &quot;what's included with your stay&quot;; a Heat Lamp of some sort in the &quot;coldish&quot; bathroom; The Cesspool scent outside on the grounds, especially near the Valet area; The Loud Euro-Disco throughout MOST of the innards.Overall this Hotel is Awesome and I can safely recommend it highly.Just wish that it was closer to the main part of The Strip, was completely done without any construction.Big NEGATIVE: the foreigners that just don't understand that in America...slower people should stay to the right as well as oncoming traffic should YIELD to the right....HELLO!!	
Nov 9 2009 	This is one of the best places I've ever stayed! The Spa was incredible.	I loved the Encore! From the valet to check in the service was very professional and the people are down to earth! I felt right at home and that they would do anything to accomidate me! The atmosphere was romantic, relaxing, and exciting! We didn't even have to leave the hotel! I would suggest that anyone who is going to Las Vegas should pay the extra money to stay at such an extravagant place! It was well worth it and made our trip one we will never forget! The spa is the most beautiful in the world and just delicious, I felt like a million bucks after being pampered there!!	
Nov 7 2009 	beautiful rooms great location	The rooms are great - not huge but very stylish mini suites well appointed with big flat screen TV and black and beige furnishings including wrap round sofa in sitting area. A good place to crash after a night on the town or in the casino. Good sized modern bathroom. The reception area is very busy and service impersonal but no surprise given the number of people passing through. The casino is very big as you would expect but croupiers and restaurant staff friendly. Food good. Conference rooms very good facility as is business centre. Don't miss XS the club located on the walkway between the Encore and sister property the Wynn. Do not miss it - opens out onto pool area - great music great crowd. Location just at the end of the strip is perfect for dipping in and out of the madness that is Las Vegas.	
Nov 6 2009 	Poor attempt to be a 5 star	We arrived at the Wynn Encore already dazzled by the Las Vegas Strip in full flow.We were then greeted by an amazing foyer and fantastic staff on our check in,the problems started when we went to find a bite to eat.How disappointed i became when faced with a bill for $50 for 2 cheeseburgers,1 coke &amp; a beer for the wife.Vegas i agree but it is cheaper in Dubai!! , our fun did not end there we went on to pay $20 for a beer and a Malibu &amp; coke its obviously not imported as its only about $8 for both in Florida.By the by, not to be put off we carried on our Vegas experience by not eating in the Encore again,it was only when we came to check out at 12pm five days later we were forced to feel the totally unacceptable customer service of a so called 5 star hotel,we were getting a transfer to the airport at 7.30 pm and were offered to chance to get changed into our traveling clothes in the lavatories or pay $30 each to use the pool!! no transfer rooms or late checkout available and not 1 of the reception staff gave a monkeys a far cry from when we checked in ! All in all a basic rule is if you want as 5 star hotel do not stay in the Encore as you will be very disappointed.There are many hotels on the strip that do not claim to be 5 star that offer and give a more personable service weather you are a residence,high roller or not as we found out.	
Nov 4 2009 	Over the top designed hotel for the wannabe-rich and famous	Stayed at this hotel after two days at the Palazzo next door and I'm not quite sure why but the whole butterfly/over-the-top design that it shares with the bellagio and the Wynn itself is just not quite my cup of tea. Room was nice but smaller than the suites at the Palazzo while costing significantly more. Service and general staff attitude was polite but I couldn't help thinking they have their noses a bit high up in the air. This matched most of the guests who seemed mostly like the typical big shot-wannabes you'd expect to blow their family's savings on a gambling table in Vegas. Other than that. clean and airy rooms and a good location at the lower end of the strip. Pool hours were rediculously short as it seems standard with most luxury hotels in Vegas which is something I can't really understand if even the dodgy little motel down the road can have thri pool open till 10 at night. Buffet restaurant at the Wynn is highly recommended and probably the best quality buffet in town.	
Nov 2 2009 	Encore-Well worth it!	We stayed for 3 nights from Oct. 30 to Nov. 1 and enjoyed it immensely. We travel to Vegas 3-4 times a year and usually stay at the Mirage, but wanted to try somewhere new since we found the Mirage was getting old and the service was not what it used to be over the past few years. We decided on Encore/Wynn having heard positive things from family that have stayed there. Encore did not disappoint! We initially got a room for $199/night by calling marketing, and keep in mind that if you are a gambler, that rate may well be significantly reduced or fully &quot;comped&quot; by the end of your stay.We arrived aroung 11am and was pleasantly surprised that there was not line up at registration and they gave us a room right away and were given a choice of which floor we would like and which view we would like without having to pay extra. ( Having read previous reviews where others have had to wait several hours for a room to be ready, we were prepared to leave our bags at the Bell hop desk and wait for a phone call when our room was ready.)We stayed on the 31st floor, facing the mountains. Tip: 31st floor is the first floor in the group floors that the elevator stops at. Great because you are the first one off going up, and the last one in before going down to the lobby....no constant stopping at other floors to let people on and off.Our room was immaculately clean, and we thouroughly enjoyed all the amenities in our room that have been previously mentioned in previous reviews, The one best thing that both of us loved was the bed....best sleep we ever had! One minor glitch was the TV was not working. About 10 minutes after notifying housekeeping, our doorbell rang and there was an employee holding a leather lined tray in front of her with a lone remote control on it when we opened the door! After trying the new remote and finding that the TV still didn't work, the employee apologized repeatedly and promised a techinician would be up shortly to fix the problem....20 minutes later, our techinician arrived, fixed the TV, and apologized again and then thanked us!We had no problem with noise on our floor, not once did we hear doors opening/closing in the hallway, or people talking. It felt like we were the only ones on our floor during our stay. Downstairs in the adjoining walkway of shops joining Wynn and Encore was another story....Being it was Halloween weekend, lots of club goers going to Tryst and XS -causing congestion and we literally had to push our way through when we were coming from Wynn back to Encore on Saturday night.Housekeeping, casino floor staff,, restaurant, and registration check-in staff were all very friendly and accomodating. However we did notice that the &quot;girls&quot; at Society Cafe did have a bit of an attitude when seating us when we requested a table away from the bar area and on another occassion, appeared irritated when we asked them to repeat what they had said when we didn't hear them correctly the first time! The woman at the check-out although not rude, acted like she would rather be anywhere else but there and didn't even ask us if we enjoyed our stay.Restaurants here tend to be on the more pricier side, however most of the restaurants were offering prix fixe 3 course menus from $24-$36....We did the $36 3-course meal at Society Cafe and found the portions huge, quality excellent, and the food was delicious, this menu included wines by the glass at 1/2 price.For the regular gamblers out there like us - .we didn't gamble any more or any less than usual and found that at the end of our stay we were &quot;comp-ed&quot; the same for room and food as we have been at our other &quot;usual&quot; hotel we stay at when in Vegas. ....and Encore is definitely a higher quality hotel, so we felt we got more &quot;bang for our Buck&quot; here. The slot host here are very friendly and made it a point to contact us first, and leave a message for us on our phone introducing themselves and letting us know they where and when they would be in the hotel if we wanted to say hello in person. My previous &quot;senior executive slot host&quot; never did this when I was in town, and wasn't that friendly when I did see him. At least at Encore you feel like they do appreciate your business and you don't feel as bad when you lose at Encore/Wynn LOL. The casino itself was quiet and the machines muted, even when jackpots were hit, also very clean with someone always wiping down the machines of fingerprints, not smokey, and the casino bathrooms were extremely clean with individual closets for the toilets instead of the usual see-underneath stalls. Overall a less rambuctious, party-like crowd than you would find at some other hotels, and most were people were decently dressed (ie: no short short skirts or tank-tops) but still overall casual attire was the norm throughout the casino and eateries.If your looking for an indulgent, Vegas experience than treat yourself to a stay at Encore. If you are young and/or looking for the &quot;club experience and nightlife&quot; then this may not be your first choice.	
Nov 2 2009 	THE BEST OF EVERYTHING!	We had received an offer in the mail from the Encore offering us a stay for $99 per night with an upgrade to a suite....so naturally we jumped at the opportunity.We were celebrating our 46th Wedding Anniversary on October 13, so this was good timing. (We had just been to Vegas in August (stayed at The Paris) but what the heck - you only live twice...lolThe room was magnificent - everything brand new and absolutely top shelf. There is a very wide selection of restaurants between the Encore and The Wynn and everyone was very cordial and friendly. The place was packed and you never would believe there was a recession.All I have to say about the Encore is that it is absolutely the best!!!! If you have the opportunity to stay there do so. Check it out I think they may still have this $99 per night promo going on. But if you have to pay a little more it is asbsolutely worth it.	
Nov 2 2009 	butterflies and luxury	my husband and i recentley went to encore and enjoyed our stay . we had a suite tower room they have there own ck in did not know waited in a zoo to ck in no lines . the room was very pretty in black and beiges and very roomey with a great bathroom . only problem i the pools no sun after 2 in the afternoon. had dinner at switch amazing. the show at the wynn is alot of fun. only con is that is a long walk to the middle of the strip . overall very happy.	
Nov 2 2009 	Encore should be renamed The Rudest Place to Stay in Las Vegas	I had expected a beautiful room with great service from a 5-star hotel but I was sorely disappointed. I should have known something was up when I called to confirm my reservation the day before our arrival and was told, &quot;Oh, you're a 'marketing' reservation&quot;. Um, yes, I'm an invited guest - little did I know that meant I was on trial by this hotel. While the room was very nice and I was always addressed by name, I kept getting the uneasy feeling I was being watched, judged by everything I did, didn't do - even by my choice of breakfast! The everyday staff was very friendly - valet, bellman, housekeeper. It is true about the glaring omission of a fan in the water closet or even in the large bathroom itself. Beautiful TV but, gosh, no HBO or Showtime? Even Motel 6 has HBO! Bad enough I had to pay $ 25.00/day for a tiny fridge - I didn't dare try the internet service of $ 13.99/day, which is free in every other hotel I've stayed.When the time came to check-out I needed an extra hour, something I have asked for on a few occasions and always been granted (the Venetian, my favorite hotel, offered 2 hours!). The female voice at the front desk asked me to wait on the phone, so after 10 minutes she returned to the line - sorry, &quot;marketing&quot; said no, I couldn't have the extra hour and sternly asked, &quot;You will leave on time, correct?&quot; I knew what had happened: I didn't play and lose enough money in their casino, being tracked and graded by my casino card. I'm not rich, good enough for their hotel. I purposely checked out at the front desk instead of by phone so as to tell them that I vacated the room 10 minutes late because the bellman was late. The girl behind the counter seemed nice enough until I mentioned I had wanted an extra hour - she replied, &quot;Well, you should have paid a higher rate&quot;. Hmm, rude enough to say and especially ridiculous, considering I didn't choose my rate, MARKETING chose it!I did call the hotel when I returned home, spoke with a very nice woman in Marketing and a gracious hotel manager; however, my partner and I felt so insulted with this hotel experience we won't be staying or gambling at Encore or Wynn again. I'm sure the next time we go back to Las Vegas (we go 5-6 times a year) our stay at The Venetian will be wonderful as usual.	
Oct 31 2009 	Sorry Bellagio you've been replaced!	Traveling to Vegas once a year, we usually spend it at the Bellagio. We had been hiking around Arches and Zion National Park for most of the week, and decided to spend the last 1.5 days at Encore. (great deals going on)Check-in was about 10 minutes and at 8PM the place was hopping. It seems Encore is pretty popular at night. We didn't bring dress clothes with us this trip because of the hiking, and we did feel a tad out of place at that time of night in jeans/hiking shoes/backpacks. I'm not saying it's a requirement or anything, it's just that a lot of the people that were frequenting at that time were dressed a little more formally.We had paid the extra $20 for the panoramic view and I suggest everyone do the same. Upon making the reservation I requested a high floor and a strip view. Both requests were granted and not even mentioned. The room was spectacular, better than any Vegas hotel I have been in, especially for the price we paid. Flat panel TV's, wonderful bed / bath / living areas. Nice touches like our names on the phone and television menus. Remote controlled lighting schemes and drapes. Noise was never an issue, it always seemed like we were the only ones on our floor. Contradictory to other hotels we've stayed at, housekeeping respected us turning on the privacy indicator. (It's electronic along with an intercom at your door)Location is probably the only slight strike against the Wynn / Encore. It sits off the strip a ways, and the most convenient way to get in/out of the hotel is through the shops. We still prefer the Bellagio location, but this hotel was still a leisurely 15 minute walk from that area. Casino's especially in Encore seemed a lot quieter with a lot less smoke. A+ for that. Checkout was quick, less than 5 minutes, we were offered assistance with our bags and with entering the cab.	
Oct 31 2009 	Wonderful in every way.	We stayed at Encore in Las Vegas for 4 nights in their panoramic room at the 59th floor. From the time we stepped into the hotel, the attention to detail was everywhere. The place was amazing! It was luxurious in every way, from the roomy, marvel bathroom to the comfortable down-covered bedspread, to the separate sitting area -- it was hotel room like no other. A large flat TV separated the bedroom from the living room and it can swing 360 degrees. This was my hubby’s favorite feature of the room! I don't think we can stay at any other hotels in Vegas now, because nothing else will do. Our room did not face the Las Vegas Blvd, but we had a wonderful view of the mountains (much nicer.) The highlight of our stay was watching a sunrise one morning. It started with a red glow on the right side of the wall-to-wall window and eventually lit up the entire sky. It was absolutely breath taking and highlight of our trip.We booked our room through Hotel.com and it came with a $75 credit. We used this credit for dinner the hotel and had a wonderful eating experience. Here are a few tips I like to pass along:1) Book a room at the Resort rate and then ask for upgrade at the check in. It’s cheaper.2) Don’t touch anything in the fridge or the snack stand. If you removed anything for more than 60 seconds, the sensor will charge it automatically to your credit card.3) The safe in the room is not free.4) The panoramic room comes with two robes and slippers. If one is missing, ask the housekeeper. They are very accommodating.5) The room comes with essential toiletries but their moisturizer (while smells wonderful) is not very effective. Bring your own lotion if you have a dry skin.6) There are two electronic control panels in the room, one by the door and another one by the bedside. If you need to open/close all the lights in the room just push a button. To open/close the sheer curtain or/and heavy curtain, just push a button. If you need a room service or privacy, just push a button. It’s all at your fingertip.7) Your red keycard can be used as your casino players’ club card at Wynn and Encore. It’s yours to keep when you check out.8) Across from the hotel is a shopping mall. You can get water, wine, beer, and other necessities from ABC Stores in the mall for cheaper prices.When we go on a trip, we want to have a wonderful memory. We certainly did on this trip.	
Oct 30 2009 	Absolutely Beautiful	We just got back from our trip to Las Vegas &amp; staying at the Encore was definitely a high light of the trip. The hotel is first class all the way. The staff is very friendly, very helpful &amp; goes above &amp; beyond to make your trip perfect. We were offered to upgrade out suite for $20/night &amp; very glad we did. We got the panoramic suite, which gives a better view. We were actually facing downtown &amp; didn't get to see too many hotels but the view was still wonderful.The room is amazing, there's a control next to the bed to close/open the curtain, turn the lights on/off in the room &amp; even to turn a privacy request so the maids won't bother you. No sign on the door at the Encore, the control activates a ”privacy&quot; light next to the door. The bathroom is equally as luxurious. There's a tub, 2 separate sinks &amp; a see through shower. Everything is high end. You might get soaps &amp; towels at all hotels but none of them will match what the Encore offers.The only downside to the room &amp; was very surprising to me &amp; my husband was the fact that you could hear the people talking in the next room. As well as every time they came in at 3 or 5 in the morning we could hear their radio. Very surprised with the Encore quality that the walls would be so thin.	
Oct 30 2009 	Best Spa I have ever visited!	I chose the Encore because it is one the newest and most luxurious hotels on the Strip. It did not disappoint. The lobby is amazing and the rooms are to die for. Our room was a panoramic room with an incredible view of the Strip. The room is spacious and the bathroom is amazingly comfortable. Everything was spotless!Everyone in the group we were traveling with booked treatments at the spa. I am a spa junkie and try to visit whenever I am on a trip. I have to say that this spa made all of the other ones that I had visited look like a joke. What an amazing setting! The greeting area looks like something out of a movie. The dressing/changing rooms were very luxurious, robes were comfortable and the treatment rooms were gorgeous. I was in such a state of relaxation that I feel asleep during my treatment. The water shower/whirlpool/sauna area is divine. I spent two hours there with my friends. When I had previously visited other spas, even five-star ones, their whirlpool/sauna areas have been less than inviting. Sometimes, there is no cold plunge pool or the steam room is not working. Not so here! They even had heated stone benches for relaxation.I have to say I would come back to this hotel just to go to the spa, it is that good! Aside from the spa, the food is great.Customer service needs a little improvement, especially at the front desk, but overall this hotel is a winner!!!!	
Oct 29 2009 	Most Beautiful Hotel in Vegas	The Encore at Wynn was amazing! Although it had all of the necessities of Las Vegas (Casino, Restaurants, Pool) it was also like a hidden treasure to escape to. If you prefer to luxury not typical casinos- then this is your place. The casino is not huge but easily connects to the Wynn Hotel and Casino (Sports Book in Wynn ONLY). If you stay at Encore you have access to both their pool and the pool at the Wynn- which honestly I preferred. The rooms were great, the staff was great- overall BEST place I have stayed in Vegas. AND the SPA is like no other- just beautiful!	
Oct 29 2009 	Encore highly recommended	Hi - just back from a 9 night stay in Encore and overall it was really great. Stayed on the 40th floor with a view of the strip. Did hear a little noise coming from other rooms at times, but nothing that kept us awake. Room was really nice, very good room service etc. Only thing I would say is the food at the pool is expensive and not great. I paid 10 dollars for nachos and a dip and it was nearly frozen it was so refrigerated, bit of a rip off. Cocktails were great though! Encore's location is just that bit out of the way compared to the Wynn and is not as well serviced with bars and restaurants. If I had to choose between the two, I would stay in the Wynn - just as luxurious and more central with more of a buzz. The recession is clearly affecting the resort as the Terrace Point Cafe was open 24 hours last year, but now only serves until 11. Went here for dinner one evening and the waiter was a string of misery. The Society Cafe in Encore is way better (great menu and food).	
Oct 28 2009 	Enjoyed the Encore	We enjoyed our trip to the Encore In June. The rate was right, $119 per night, the room was very spacious and clean. As other posters have mentioned you have to ask for turndown service. The restaurant deals were great. We loved the Taste of Wynn menus that were available. The pool looked nice but it was so hot that we opted not to lay out by the pool. The spa was beautiful and the workout area was more than adequate but we opted not to partake. We felt it was not a wise use of our funds as there is no co-ed area to enjoy after a workout. The walking on the strip more than made up for no workout. On area where we had complaints was in the lobby bar. The service was spotty and slow and our cocktail waitress made numerous mistakes with our orders. Drink service on the floor was OK one night and slow the next night.	
Oct 28 2009 	Absolutely worth your money	I stayed at Encore 14th oct - 20th oct and it was my first visit to Vegas. The hotel was wounderful and the staff very service minded. I loved every second of my stay. I had a Panoramic Suite with view over the strip, the suite was so nice. Really feels like a 5 star hotel and it's very very clean and neat. I will come back for sure. Since I love shopping I thought the location was great - next to the Fashion Show Mall. It was also a nice walk to the center of the strip. The weather was really nice too, like 30 degrees C, so I was hanging out by the pool getting served by the wounderful staff. Love love love this hotel!	
Oct 27 2009 	The weather was beautiful	Encore was so luxurious! I loved it! :) we had one of the top top rooms so the view of Las Vegas Boulevard!	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent luxury!	Wonderful service. Modern, elegant, trendy, entertaining, part stuffy, part amazing! I would highly recommend. It's on the main strip and need a few days to absorb it all in. It can easily feel like your every day can feel that way. 	
Oct 26 2009 	Loved Loved Loved Encore!	This was our first time staying here and it will not be our last! Arrived at check-in around 10pm on a Monday night and only waited about 10 minutes to check-in. Excellent service from the front desk staff. Got a great room on the 58th floor with a beautiful view down the south strip. Loved everything about the room! The sheets were so soft on a very comfy bed. The bathroom was spacious with great amenities and oversized towels. Never had one issue with the room, never heard any noise from the hallway, and had great housekeeping service. Received turndown service each night as requested and the room was always kept perfectly clean.Enjoyed the smaller casino and the easy walk to Wynn for more slots and restaurants. Self-park in the garage was very convenient.We really enjoyed our stay and can't wait to stay again!	
Oct 25 2009 	Excellent but not yet Perfect	This was our third visit to Las Vegas in the last two years and we were looking forward to some sun, R&amp;R, night life and shopping. On our previous two trips we stayed at the Bellagio and the Wynn and enjoyed both trips. Brits tend to include Las Vegas in a round trip to LA and San Fran but we tend to go for a full week to Vegas. The journey is 10 hours flight with an 8 hours time difference.We picked a car up at the Las Vegas Car Rental Centre, thereby hangs another story, but we eventually got to the Encore. Tip one, don't drive down The Strip it can take an hour, utiliise the highway and come off at Sands.The valet service is free and efficient and the staff, followed by a quick and uneventfull check in. Our room 2424 was large and pleasant,.with one wall an entire picture window overlooking The Strip and part of the golf course. Obviously by British standards the rooms were enormous but strangely felt somewhat under equipped. Besides the lack of a coffee/tea machine there was a serious lack of magazines and information on Las Vegas.There is, in this day and age no unearthly reason why WiFi should not be free to resident guests in this type of hotel. We settled down for the first night and were happy that the Encore offered the same type of bathroom and fittings as we enjoyed at our previous stay at the Wynn.The first day was extremely good where we opted for the pool. We preferred the larger pool to the European pool where chairs were plentiful as well as towels and a pleasant supply of free bottled water. The pool staff were excellent and helpful. Drinks and snacks like at most 5 star hotels are not cheap but they were presented nicely. If you feel like renting a Cabana, a double four poster bed or a large sun lounger for six in the pool there are plenty to choose from. we left these to the younger set. Like the Wynn there is even opportunity to play Blackjack or Craps near the pool. The Spa and the Gym were deserted probably because of the charge made to residents for using them. This is just profiteering on a grand scale and obviously has back fired.We returned to our room at 5.00 pm to find it had not been made up, and on further inspection (we didn't notice the night before as we crashed out) there was dust everywhere. My wife went beserk and they quickly sent a team up to clean the room. From that point on the room was made spotless and they even turned down the beds and gave chocolates as per cruises.The Encore is truthfully not a separate hotel but just another wing of the Wynn, your red resort card can be used anywhere on the property.There are enough dinning places to suite most tastes and pockets with special occassions being easily catered for. For our part we like deli food and enjoyed ZouZou Crackers in the Wynn quite a few times, its a popular location. The Wynn buffet is hard to beat especially at weekend and I will defy anyone to come away hungry. We went for breakfast and dinner. Tip number two try and avoid the lines by eating later than normal at the buffet. i cannot commend it more, it is probably the best and most comprehensive of its type anywhere in the world.Tip number three. Good walking shoes are essential in this hotel, its a hike to the front door and at least 15 minutes to the front door of the Wynn opposite the Fashion Show Mall. The walk from the Bellagio to the Encore is at least 60 minutes. To sum up for Brits who want to explore Vegas its a great place to stay. For Americans who fly in for a few days you have everything here don't leave the hotel.One last tip. the shops on the Esplanade of both hotels feature some of the biggest top names in fashion, jewelry, as well as some excellent Wynn/Encore merchandise. Bring plenty of money, you will need it!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 22 2009 	Good Stay	Stayed three nights for $99.00 a night and $70.00 free slot play promotion. We got the $25.00 a night upgrade to the 62nd floor, for a great view of Las Vegas. The hotel room was beautiful throughout. The food and drinks were expensive in the hotel. A coffee was $3.75 and a 20 oz bottle of Coke or bottle of water was $4.00. The only good deal I found was the morning newspaper for $1.00.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great hotel Wynn-quality stamped all over it!!!	Great looking hotel on the strip! I was a little disappointed that it was a bit on the far side of the strip away from most of the &quot;action&quot; but then again it's ON the strip so it really wasn't that bad... the inside furnishings of the Encore were simply stunning! Visual masterpieces at every turn! The front desk area, the casino, the pool, and the rooms were AMAZING!!! I didn't gamble here (my fave is New York, New York so that was my choice of places to play) but the table areas looked nice and clean and weren't bogged down with cigarette smoke. The staff were all VERY nice and welcoming and I wish I could remember the name of the guy that brought our bags up to our floor because he was one of the best surprises of the trip... he answered our questions about the hotel and about the ins and outs of our room (lighting controls, blinds and shades controls, etc, etc) and just went out of his way to make us feel welcome. Our view was amazing; overlooking the pool and providing a view down the strip towards TI that allowed us to view the fireworks at night. Getting in and out of the hotel (many times to see the other stuff in Vegas) was a cinch with no problems at all. If you can get a great value for staying here make sure you take advantage of it like we did... we'll definitely be back if we get a great offer again. Otherwise, I might look towards staying more towards the middle of the strip if you're looking for a more centralized location. All in all, I was very pleased with my stay at the Encore and everything it had to offer. You can tell that Wynn did everything he could to make sure that the place carried his name with style. Definitely recommended!!!	
Oct 21 2009 	The Best	My new favorite hotel! We were only there one night...I can't wait to get back to it. High Style at it's best, amazing views and outstanding service.	
Oct 20 2009 	Exceeded Expectations	My wife and I stayed at the Encore October 4th through the 8th, and I must say that it exceeded our expectations. We had stayed at the Wynn on our last trip, so we pretty much knew what to expect. I had read all of the reviews, so I was expecting a lot of negative things mixed in with the gorgeous surroundings. But it never occurred. The $5.00 coffee we read about was not correct--it was $3.25. The terrible noise from the club was nonexistent, and two of our nights there were club nights, and we stayed on the dreaded side of the hotel we were warned not to stay on (26th floor). I am sure that some travelers have had bad experiences, but ours was fantastic, and we would definitely stay again. We knew where it was located on the strip, but that was not a problem as we always rent a car so that we can travel to other parts of Las Vegas while there. I highly recommend the Encore.	
Oct 20 2009 	Love Encore	This review is from April 26-May 4, 2009 We were there when Danny Gans passed away- RIPWe spent 8 glorious nights at The Encore. We got in on a Sunday morning and tried to check in early about 12:30pm . The lines were crazy with no ryhme or reason, it was a big pain to check in. We were just happy to get a room around 5pm. It was room 3015 (the view wasn't the best but we were just happy to be there). We loved the room once we got settled. I really liked all the extra drawers (over by the tv and in the closet)...I don't like living out of a suitcase and The Wynn was lacking the extra space. Although I wish the closet was a tad bigger because we like alot of space. The room was a standard resort room and plenty big enough for us , we liked the layout. The bathroom is my favorite part....it is great to lounge in a soaking tub listening to the music. I like the area to put on your makeup but I think they could have better lighting there (thinking they might do that on purpose so you wont see what you really look like after so many late nights....lol). Their bed what is there to say that hasn't been said before.......it is so comfortable. We ended up going to the homestore and buying a set of their king sheets and pillows (they will ship them and fast)., so we can enjoy a piece of the Encore at home. We did alot of late night room service for their delish sundaes and other fast food and the breakfast room service. We was not too crazy about the breakfast (I had the lobster bendict hubby had ham and cheese omelet ....mine was fine but he disliked his very much) but late night was beginning to be a problem because it was so easy and yummy (I think we gained 15 lbs).I got a 90 minute in room massage from Cheryl...I believe she said she was the head therapist and did the hiring at The Wynn. She was very good... I like a deep hard touch and she did not disappoint. ((We did a couples massage at the Bellagio - we had free two nights at Bellagio - so we took advantage of one night (left our stuff at Encore just took overnight bag) just so we could see how it was because we never stayed there. Anyway it was an awful experience- I will do a separate review for that stay and couples massage). It was the first massage that actually ever put me in a bad mood.... I was very stressed and upset. Husband suggested calling Encore and setting another one up there. I was thinking about going into the spa to get it done but I decided against it for a couples massage in room. Well just what we needed . I had Denise and hubby had Stephine (he enjoyed his very much)... Denise was WONDERFUL her techniques were different then most massages I've had. She had good skills for a deep firm massage. She was my favorite of all the therapists I've had at the Wynn and Encore and I will certainly be asking for her at our next visit. A couples massage in room was a great treat for my husband and I. We did not go to the spa- just the in room massages so cannot give an opinion on that.We dined at Botero- did a separate review- loved it.We went to Society Cafe a couple mornings...it was kinda like terrace point cafe- one day I got the frosted flake french toast I read about....yes they are yummy but very sweet more like a dessert, once was enough. We liked the layout of the Encore. We usually valet park but found it much more easier to come and go to the self parking there so we used that quite abit. Also took advantage of the business center to get boarding numbers- no cost for this- it is located down near the self parking.We don't use the pool or do the nightlife so we don't have an opinion on that. \Overall we really love the Encore and will be back in the spring.......we spent most of our gambling time there as well -the casino is very comfortable and the one we liked the most.	
Oct 20 2009 	Excellent Again	This was the second stay at Encore and another really excellent stay. After staying earlier this year, I believed it has improved and some of the early opening concerns have now gone. Rooms are being kept well and the restaurants have settled down although our meal at Botero was a little rushed espacially for Tuesday evening! We didn't try the spa the first time but made full use of it this time and having been to many of the resorts in Vegas this spa is the best by far, if your staying at the Encore or the Wynn use this wonderful spa. We'll be back again!	
Oct 19 2009 	Excellent room smaller and quieter brother to Wynn	This is a great addition to the Wynn property. You now have even more options for dining, nightlife, the pool, etc. I didn't leave the property after the sun went down on my 2 night stay because Encore/Wynn kept me occupied. The restaurants are all top notch and there are plenty of bars and clubs with XS being the hottest place in town and Tryst still very good. The room was very well designed and appointed very nicely. My only complaint is that the TV location makes it difficult to sit on the couch and watch TV the way the room is laid out. But if you're going to Vegas to watch TV you're in the wrong town! The Encore feels a bit smaller and less busy than it's neighbor Wynn.	
Oct 19 2009 	Lived up to my expectations- except for room floor	I booked a room at the encore for my 12 year anniversary. I called ahead and told the booking agent at the hotel it was my 12 year anniversary and would appreciate a room on the upper floors. Upon my check in at the hotel, the receptionsist informed me that the request was made, but unfortunately the rooms on the upper floor were not available, but if I wanted to pay for one, I could.. So much for a &quot; Happy Anniversay, and glad you chose our hotel to stay at.&quot; Either way the room we stayed in was very nice and comfortable. I must say that the attention to detail was evident, and the service was great. I did golf at the Wynn golf course. It was a beautiful course and the greens were in great condition. I do think there are better course in Las Vegas for the price ($400). I did eat at the country club restaurant. The food was just ok, not sure why there is all the hype. My wife used the spa at the encore hotel. It is very beautiful, but also very big, almost too big, giving you the sense of over commercialized. The pool at the Encore is nothing great. Acutally it is somewhat small, and overcrowded. I guess Mr. Wynn wanted to make sure folks are in the casino and not spending too much time at the pool. I would recommend the Encore to friends as it was a great hotel , eventhough there were a few mis-steps.	
Oct 19 2009 	Beautiful Property mediocre service	The Encore property is beautiful. The strip-view room I had was quite spacious. There were no noise issues as some have mentioned from outside. The downfall came in service. The front desk was generally reluctant to answer questions and the workers there seemed cold and unfriendly. The only employees who seemed particular friendly were the housekeeping staff. Not what I would have expected from what is trying to be a 5 star hotel. Since many people (myself included) realize that the hotel is a good value for a room but the prices are high in other respects, I have a few suggestions on saving on the extras:(1) Taxi from the airport: always tell the driver to take Paradise Road. If not, once he hears Encore (or Wynn) he will likely take you on the highway and it will double the cost.(2) Water/snacks: walk to 7-11 about 1-2 blocks north of Encore on same side of street. Caveat: the area is not as nice as most of the strip south. Upside: bottled water for $1 instead of $8 in the hotel room.(3) Fashion mall: across from Encore/Wynn. Starbucks for breakfast is half the price of the cafe in the hotel. Also, Sushi Ra has good half price sushi from 5 - 7pm. (4) Boarding pass: Encore/Wynn lets you print it for free in their business center instead of paying their usual $1 per minute internet rate.	
Oct 18 2009 	Encore is Top Notch	We stayed at Encore for four nights to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. We had a wonderful experience. Check-in was seamless, and we were upgraded to a panoramic suite. The only difference being the panoramic suite is on higher floors than the resort suite and therefore has &quot;panoramic&quot; views. The room was plush, comfy and spotless. We really enjoyed the spa and fitness centre, as well as the pool. The only downside of the pool is the 1.5 hour of shade that starts around 1pm because of the closeness of the Encore and Wynn buildings. We ate at various of the Wynn/Encore restaurants and each was excellent. Sinatra's was especially good. The Encore is located at the far end of the strip, so it can seem far from other attractions. On the flip side, it is very close to the Fashion Show Mall and the Palazzo/Venetian complex, so it is very close to high-end restaurants and shopping. It goes without saying that everything is expensive, from $5 coffee to $14 cocktails. But it is all part of the high-end luxury. The only negative for us happened at checkout. We booked directly through the Wynn with a promotion that included $75 credit per night. At checkout, they advised that the promotion is a total $75 per stay. While we acknowledge the website currently offers the $75 per stay credit, we booked under a different promotion but with no proof we were left with only our word. We weren't the only ones at check out making this complaint. We are going to follow-up with the hotel because we think it was at best a poorly executed promotional item and at worse, deliberately misleading. It was an unfortunate way to end an otherwise great stay.	
Oct 16 2009 	stunning hotel -top draw	A 6 star property .... and value for moneycoming from south africa ..you are not going to las Vegas every six months ,so we went for the best. amazing service from check in to check out, we stayed 5 nightsspotless rooms, we had a room on 56th floor with a stunning view over the stripshop online at the offical website fro best prices and book in advance	
Oct 16 2009 	Great Room Great View So-so Service and Cleanliness	my family and i were staying at 2 connecting suite rooms at the 59th floor (the upgraded room with view facing the south -- view of the beautiful las vegas strip view. the view was breath-taking, especially at night. the room was great... but it doesn't feel like 700+ sq. ft as the hotel claims. one of the rooms was dirty - with a rotten apple left from previous hotel guests that was not cleaned up and removed. then we found out if you do special request, there will not be a nightly room make-up. i would think for such a high-end hotel, nightly room make-up would be a &quot;must&quot;, rather than a special request. the room has fancy amenities like electronic control of window coverings and light switches... the bathtub was also deep... but it would be better if it is longer. i would stay at this hotel again, but i am hesitate about its housekeeping services.	
Oct 15 2009 	Bravo Encore!	The Encore is a beautiful hotel. The rooms are spacious and the bathrooms are huge. The views are terrific. The staff is very attentive.I would definitely stay there again!	
Oct 15 2009 	Encore Exceeds Expectations!	My wife and I travel to Vegas with two other couples in late September. We had decided to book at Encore several months earlier and we could not have made a better choice. 5 Star from top to bottom and from what I could tell, the nicest overall hotel in Vegas now. Food, drink, casino, pools were all fantastic. I bit of a walk if you like to walk the Strip, but well worth the money and we will be back for sure.	
Oct 14 2009 	Beautiful Hotel in Convenient Location	Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the Encore. My only complaint was that the bathroom could have been cleaned a little better, especially for an upscale hotel. There were soap stains on the counter and shower ledge which made it seem as if they weren't as clean as they should have been. Although the rooms are suites, the basic rooms do feel more like a regular hotel room. They are larger than the average hotel room, but a foyer is included in the square footage and the bedroom and living areas are not as distinctly separate as they are in many suites. The bed was very comfortable and I especially liked the pillows. I didn't have any problems with the staff at the Encore and they seemed friendly and helpful, except the concierge always seemed to recommend taking a taxi even to nearby places within walking distance.	
Oct 14 2009 	Fabulous 5* Hotel little far from the strip action but that's part of the class.	Stayed at Encore for 3 nights -- have stayed at Wynn and thought we would try out the new sister property.After an ultra early arrival we hoped to check-in early in the morning. This was not happening, though we did agree to an upgraded room for nominal charge that was vacant and would be available earlier than 3pm. Still wondering if we were suckered on that but room was ready at noon and staff called our cell phone to advise us.Room = fantastic, bathroom = fantastic, view = fantastic. We heard virtually no neighbouring guests aside from the occasional toilet flushing. King sized bed was heavenly. Towels and toiletries all awesome.Encore has all the bells &amp; whistles. However it is not cheap so one should not expect such. Little disappointed that we paid for such lavish accomodations but so much was also additional -- business centre was not free for guests, mini-bar ammenities were extremely expensive, in-room safe was additional charge. But we are by no means complaining!Location is a bit far and it takes a bit of a hike to even get out to the strip via Wynn. Casino though was quiet likely due to this and had excellent drink service while on casino floor.Dining options are plentiful and excellent, including many restaurants over at Wynn. A great trip -- will stay again at a Wynn property.	
Oct 13 2009 	Wonder Hotel	Not crowded at all. Very nice room. Valet parking is fast and easy. Pools are great.	
Oct 13 2009 	sumptuousluxuriousspotless	stayed at the encore for 6 nights from oct 5th, it's luxury on a grand scale, the decor and furnishings are of the highest quality.We booked a 'standard' room which is a suite, you don't need to upgrade, and were blown away by the quality ( the bed is to die for,best sleep we had in ages) lots of attention to detail and everywhere is spotlessly clean.It is real 5 star and prices to match.If you're wealthy the in-house shops and restaurants will please you but for the rest of us there is plenty on the strip.The pool areas are well laid out but get very busy at weekends.Great service, everyone is very helpful.I'm trying to think of a negative but can't find one.	
Oct 12 2009 	Encore - the perfect mix of style and substance.	Enjoyed a wonderful 5 night stay at Encore in early October. Was aware of some noise issues other Advisors had given, and upon check in requested a room on a higher level. Paying a little extra got us a room on the 57th floor (Resort Suite King) and we didn't encounter any noise issues. The Room is beautifully designed with a large bathroom, large bedroom area, and separate living area with couch and work desk. It felt more like a private apartment than a hotel room, spacious and inviting.The Casino is medium sized with just enough tables and slots to be buzzing but not to the point of being overly crowded. The area is brightly light with windows out to the pool area (windows are a rarity in a town notorious for you not wanting to know the time of day).The Restaurants all offer a &quot;taster menu&quot; at set times each night and they are a great way to experience fine dining without being overpriced. I highly recommend Switch, which over the course of your meal lives up to the name - great food, great service.The Spa area is a world of its own and any description will not do it justice - let's just say WOW. The Pool areas (general and European) offer great sun and drinks. Tip: get to the pool early as in the afternoon it does become shady due to the shadow the hotel casts.Location: opposite the Fashion Show mall it's at the end of the strip which is great if you want the Vegas experience without all the non-stop neon. The shopping in the hotel is great with all designer brands, but for real value cross over to Fashion Show or get a taxi to the Designer Premium Outlet mall and grab many great designer names and unbelievable bargains.As part of the Wynn empire you know you are going to get great service and luxury. You really do feel like a VIP even when you are playing a $10 table or 25c slot.	
Oct 11 2009 	Worth the Splurge if You Seek A Young and Hip Vibe.	If you are on the fence about this one folks, just go ahead and book it. Be sure to compare their own posted room rates with the ones floating around the web. I found my deal through USAirways Vacations since, this time, I didn't feel like driving six hours each way on my honeymoon. The check-in process feels reminiscent of the Wynn since the front desk people are still just as moody. Our front desk person, I believe her name was Natalya, was clearly not glad to be there and provided little help with our room selection. I discovered that both sides of the Encore tower have a view of the strip since its floor plan lays perpendicular to it. It just depends whether you want the south side (views of Mirage, TI, Bellagio, etc.) or the north (Circus Dumpus, Riviera, etc.). I was delighted with my 32nd floor south side room. The room is clearly an upgraded version of the Wynn experience. The lighting system and privacy features are smart and easy to use. The room feels large, quite, and comfortable. Room service value is good considering the location. Entrees such as burgers and sandwiches cost about $17 each plus a $5 room service fee and mandatory 17% gratuity. Guys, seize the moment one time and order a breakfast room service!The casino is tight overall but tends to become more generous in the evening. I was disappointed with the sports book since the Encore does not have one and the drink service in the Wynn's sport book was impossible. This sports book does not cater to the $2 bet taker at the horse races. You need to bet at least $10 each time up to $300 before you can get complimentary drink coupons. But the most frustrating part for me was that you were not even able to buy a drink from the cocktail lady as she went by. Location: Friends, a big plus for the Encore is that is located right next to a Walgreens, McDonalds, and Peppermill restaurant. This means that you have plenty of reasonable food and grocery options. Just walk south (towards Circus Barfus).But if you do feel like having a special evening, without doubt, you must visit Sinatra. This restaurant is a personal tribute to Mr. Sinatra from Steve Wynn himself. As of this review, each restaurant in the Wynn property is offering a three course menu for a pre-determined price. The course at Sinatra was $59 and included a glass of wine. Please give yourself this experience.Overall, if you are a Vegas fan be sure to check this one off your list. The Encore is a grown up version of the Hard Rock but is chiseled from the rare stone of the Vegas hay day. You will be sure to make some memories at the Encore. Have fun!	
Oct 11 2009 	Encore to what?	I am just finishing up 5 days here at Encore. Check in was not easy. We had 3 rooms and only 2 were ready. All 3 were to next to each other. We reserved 6 months in advance. 2 rooms were on the 22nd floor, the best they can do was 39th for the 3rdmroom. The problem is the 39 is a different set of elevators. So each time we wanter see our family, we had to go to the lobby and switch elevators. In each of the rooms, you could hear the people in the next room drying their hair, talking and flushing toilets. Also, the hall noise is really bad at 2am. The room has 1 tv on a swivel so it blocks the view from the bedroom to the sitting area and outside. The AT]M charges 25.00 to talke out 200.00I would nor recommend this hotel.	
Oct 10 2009 	Our new Las Vegas favorite	We love this hotel. Had a room on the 38th floor with a mountain view. The room was elegant and tasteful. Just the right size. Amazing bed and linens. The remote control for lighting, drapes and privacy is a nice touch. We are early risers and watched the sunrise every morning over the peak of the mountain. Spectacular. Usual amenities but top drawer. No coffee maker in the room but we brought our own kettle and instant coffee supplies so not a problem at 6:00 a.m. It is an expensive hotel. From a purely value proposition perspective, probably not the best choice. From a feel good, spoil yourself proposition perspective, it is the only choice. It is memorable.Did most of our dining at Encore and Wynn. Highly recommend Daniel Boulud (more later), Society (delicious fixed price menu) , and Terrace Pointe Cafe (great breakfast, free WIFI). Wazuzu had great food but the service was a little spotty. We had issues with SW steak house. Had a reservation for 7:30 and had requested a view for the Lake of Dreams show. We arrived on time and were told it would be a few minutes. We approached the desk at 8:00 and were told that it would be another 20 minutes for a Lake view. We said we didn't want to wait and could we be seated at another table. They sat us against the back wall, as far away as you could get from the Lake. We were disappointed with the way we were treated and left. After waiting so long and with a reservation to give us the worst table in the restaurant was not acceptable. That's how we got to Daniel Boloud. Much better choice with an excellent menu and we had a Lake side view. Service was amazing, Sommelier was extremely knowledgeable. All in all a great evening. One of the best meals ever (sauteed foix gras, seared scallops)..yum. Had the buffet one night...is it my imagination but was it better last year????Gambling here is fine...feels a bit tight but the casino is bright and elegant and the staff are terrific. Participated in a daily slot tournament. Didn't win anything but it was fun.The location is not terrific but renting a car in Vegas is inexpensive so renting one is no big deal. I wouldn't let the location be a deterrent to staying here. We did walk from Encore to Planet Hollywood Hotel and back one day. Everything in Vegas looks closer than it really is. My advice is to take the car and tip the valet.If you want to golf here take note. The course is one of the most beautiful I have seen. We did not golf here but it's now on my bucket list. The green fees are $500 per person ($350 during the summer when the thermometer reads 100+). Includes green fees, caddy (mandatory), clubs and shoes. Someday.....We did not take advantage of the fitness centre but be advised that there is a charge to use it (I think $50 per day) unless you have booked a spa treatment. Then it is complimentary. The pools are lovely. No children allowed at the European Pool (topless optional).Not a child friendly hotel. Strollers are not permitted (although I did see some) but Vegas is no longer targetting the family demographic.We usually stay at the Venetian because we are lucky enough to be comped for our rooms. However, now that we've found Wynn Encore there is no other choice. There are Vegas hotels and there are Wynn and Encore. These two properties stand alone.As an aside, I did see Steve Wynn one morning just strolling through the hotel and shopping esplanade. Nice touch. He was very friendly to everyone who approached him. He should be very proud of these two hotels.	
Oct 10 2009 	Classy Escape	Nice rooms Friendly staff Amazing SPA Highly recommended	
Oct 10 2009 	beautiful the best	We've been in may resorts. This one is the best. I will come back again.	
Oct 10 2009 	Encore a good choice for first trip to Las Vegas	I recently returned from my first trip to Las Vegas, where I stayed at the Encore at Wynn. The hotel is absolutely beautiful, with a whimsical butterfly motif set on red backdrop. The staff was absolutely wonderful, from the dealers to the floor people to the waitresses. They all remembered who we were and what we were drinking. The rooms were large and lavish, with a gigantic tub and separate shower. I enjoyed soaking in the bath while watching the flat-screen tv in the bathroom. My one complaint was the loss of water we encountered for about a 6 hour period. Upon returning to the hotel one evening, we discovered the water was not working. We were not alerted by the staff, but discovered the problem ourselves when we tried to turn on the faucet. There was no water until 6 the next morning. We were given no compensation for this severe inconvenience. Otherwise, we had a wonderful stay and I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 10 2009 	Every offer is a Scam!	We've stayed here before and have a recent trip coming up. I can't stand that they try and manipulate people with these empty offers that they email. They recently offered a &quot;Free&quot; night.. So, I decided to see if there was any value in it. Of course not...sure, you can get a free night...if, you're willing to pay MORE than what they offer if you weren't using the free night. So, if you want to take them up on the &quot;free&quot; night....go ahead, you'll pay more. We've stayed in Vegas often, primarily at Palazzo and Venetian. We've used different offers they've provided over the years and they've always been fair and legitimate. The fact that Encore/Wynn tries to scam people is reflected in the attitude of customer service. I've yet to post my experience about having a Wedding with Wynn and the manipulation, scam artists in the Wedding Salons and Catering is so pervasive it's amazing! They totally ruin the experience with the lack of value and the constant feeling of &quot;gotcha&quot; with another minimum or surcharge you were never told of in the beginning. We are so disappointed we selected Wynn/Encore that after this trip we'll never stay there again. Don't be fooled by their initial presentation....they want your deposit....after that...how they scam you will have you laughing at times that they actually try to charge you a surcharge for serving drinks in a venue that only serves drinks! That's one of many examples that will amaze those who've experienced this.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Service and Cleanliness but...	The rooms at this hotel are very clean and service is excellent. However, the hotel is a bit far from the main part of the Las Vegas Strip and you have to pay extra to utilize the fitness center.	
Oct 9 2009 	Luxurious retreat with amazing pool!	Encore is a beautiful hotel with great dining options, beautiful rooms, and an amazing pool. There are 2 pool areas, one of which is &quot;European style,&quot; which means tops optional. Staying at the Encore, you also have the access to the Wynn pools, but the Encore side is much better. The Encore is nice because the main casino area is not as bustling or crazy at like other hotels (more quiet), but you make a quick walk through the hall connecting to the Wynn, and then you'll see the typical crowds you expect in Vegas! They also have the new hottest club there called XS. Be warned that the bouncers there are pretty rude. Try to go into the gift shop in Encore to get some coupons for a reduced price to XS. The Encore hotel rooms are so big, and the bedding is very plush and soft. Service is great too! I just recommend that you don't miss the pool experience if you go there, but it gets crowded fast. Try claiming two poolside chairs in the morning and sleeping in them until you're ready to wake up.	
Oct 9 2009 	A Delightful Suprise	Won a trip to Las Vegas with a 3 night stay a the new Encore at the Wynn. Had never stayed at the Wynn and was very excited when I checked out the Encore on their website. Upon arrival we were treated like royalty and I was amazed at every turn. Let's just say that &quot;I am spoiled rotten now!&quot;Our room had a view of the strip and with the floor to ceiling windows and all the beautiful appointmentsthroughout the room and bathroom, I was in awe for 3 days. I love the hustle and bustle of Vegas but by staying at this end of the strip it was less congested and I now have a new place to stay. A cocktail and a dark room sitting on the setteee facing the bright lights of the strip at midnight was the perfect nightcap! WOuld do it all over again in a minute.	
Oct 8 2009 	the best	The Encore is amazing. The hotel and casino are bright, open and beautifully decorated. The King Suite was huge and comfortable! The bathroom is large with giant bath and shower. We stayed on the 56th floor on the North; great views. From the valet to security to front desk - the entire staff was genuine and knowledgeable. We ate at the SW Steakhouse... the steaks melt in your mouth. Le Reve is awesome. The only drawback was that my budget did not fit well at the Encore.	
Oct 8 2009 	exceptional quality and service	Beautiful hotel, exceptionally spacious rooms, lovely pool, and wide variety of restaurants. Perfect for all ages	
Oct 8 2009 	Very nice rooms somewhat inconvenient location	Stayed here last month on a short trip to Vegas. I met a friend at the airport, and we checked in together. My room was available at check-in, his wasn't, but they called his cell a couple hours later to let us know it was ready, and gave us rooms next to each other. I had read on this site about the noise from the nightclub, so asked for a room on the other side of the hotel. The room was lovely, with floor-to-ceiling windows that let in a lot of natural light, and convenient buttons next to the bed to control the shades and lighting. The king bed was extremely comfortable. I never used the TV except for room check out, but it was large and blended in well. Amenities were just OK, but the bathroom was mostly well laid-out, and the separate shower was large, with good water pressure. The tub looked a little crammed in, and to me seemed slightly claustrophobic (I am a woman, 5'5&quot;, not overweight). The casino floor was subdued, with good access to the Wynn, but it was difficult to find a 'regular' blackjack table at either one without some kind of gimmick. The dealers and pit bosses were friendly, and I liked the system of using the room key as your players card, etc.Overall, I would recommend the hotel for anyone who wants a luxurious room and doesn't mind that the hotel is quite far from the other end of the strip.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful Rooms	We went to LV for a 50th birthday party. Stayed 2 nights, which I thought would be plenty until we got there. Hadn't been to LV in 15 years &amp; didn't know how really luxurious the Encore would be...I would have happily stayed several more days. The rooms are huge and beautifully done. We had a king resort suite. Bathrooms were great...even a small flat screen in there. The lobbies and gambling areas are gorgeous. Wish we would have had more time just to wander around.	
Oct 8 2009 	best hotel in Vegas	The Encore at Wynn is by far the best hotel in Vegas. It's luxurious, beautiful, over-the- top decorated with the friendliest and most courtiest staff I've ever encountered. Starting from the bell hop to the shoe shine man in the men's bathroom we were blown away. First the lobby. When you get out of the taxi and enter the lobby you know you've died and gone to heaven. Frest flowers are everywere. All throughout the hotel the chandeliers are incredibly beautiful. Each venue is decorated with a theme of color, but all the colors blend throughtout the hotel. Check out all the bathrooms, marble like you've never seen before. And so clean!Our room was beautiful! Floor to ceiling windows overlooked the strip and we were even able to see the show on the waterfall. The couch was so large it could fit in my living room. Controls closed the draperies and lights on the side of my bed. The bathroom was so big and clean all we wanted to do was shower all bathe. The robe is to die for. Silk on the outside, terry on the inside. The casino was super clean. We didn't win but the beauty of the casino made up for it. First time I've ever seen fresh flowers in a casino. Housekeeping cleaned the casino all day. Everywhere you looked someone waseither wiping down or dusting the top of the slot machnes.One day we sat ourside at the pool. It could have used more waitress service, but otherwise we enjoyed the pool.Shopping was out of our league. All the shops were high end but fun to go in and dream. I was the first customer at the new Taste of Wynn shop.We definitely will return to this wonderful hotel soon. And when we do we won't go anyp lace else.	
Oct 8 2009 	The most Beautiful place I have stayed in USA!	This is truly the most amazing, lavish, plush, sophisticated hotel I have seen in this country!It is world in itself! Amazing shopping, food, spa, casino, shopping etcThere was no need to leave this place!Huge suites facing the city, breath taking view! Loved it!!!The show LE REVE was out fo the world!!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Classy fancy beautiful extravagant BRILLIANT!!!!	Hi, My husband and I stayed at this Hotel a few weeks ago while on a weekend trip with friends. Some of our friends stayed at the Wynn, and others further up the strip. This hotel is really gorgeous, it is alot more updated and modern than the Wynn, although the Wynn is also nice, the Encore is just a bit more glam! I could imagine Madonna or Pdiddy would stay here when in Vegas!We were on the 59th floor looking out at old Vegas, as cool as that was, think the next time we will ask to face out over the strip, but still, 59 floors up we could see the dessert and the mountains too, brilliant!It is about a 10min walk to Treasure Island for some more easier on the wallet gambling, the min at most Blackjack tables at the Encore was $25.A few mins away from the hotel is a huge liquour store for pre going out drinks in your fancy room!When you check in you get a $75 gift card, which we used for breakfast and internet in our room!!!The rooms were VERY quiet!I would love to stay here again!	
Oct 8 2009 	My new favorite place to stay in Las Vegas	This was my first stay at the Encore and it won't be my last. I traveled with friends and we had separate rooms, one with queen beds and one with a king bed. Both rooms were extremely &quot;roomy&quot; and exquisitely decorated. Attention to detail was evident in each of the rooms. Each and every hotel staff member that we encountered was friendly, polite and helpful. Housekeeping services were excellent. Rooms were cleaned quickly and, again, attention to detail was a key. We ate only one meal in the Encore because the Wynn buffet was a favorite. The one meal at the Encore was at the Society Cafe. Again, the service was excellent and so was the food. The prices were quite reasonable considering this is not generally an inexpensive property. I truly have no complaints about the hotel except that the soaps and hair products provided for use cannot be purchased anywhere except at the hotel gift shop. The products (Desert Bambu) manufactured specifically for Wynn properties, were definitely of a high end quality, not the typical hotel product. Unfortunately, I thought I could purchase them online after leaving, but I could not. This is just another reason to plan a return visit in the near future.	
Oct 8 2009 	The only flaw...noise	One absolutely amazing hotel. I couldn't wait to stay there. Some people don't dig the decor of the casino, but I totally get it. I stayed in one of the resort suites. The room itself was incredibly well-furnished. The place looked like a little apartment. The color scheme was muted and tasteful. Personally, one of my favorite things in the room was the gadget by the bed that allowed you to open and close the shutters! Again, some people have complained about the placement of the television, but I thought it was perfect. I had no trouble checking in. I think it was one of the quickest check-ins I've had in a Las Vegas hotel. The staff was polite, changed my reservation at the last minute and, even though it was the July 4 weekend, accommodated my request for a specific location to see the fireworks. Extremely professional front desk staff.Now, the bad part. Unfortunately, the place is noisy. Hall noise, toilets flushing, doors slamming...och! It was almost too much. I will admit that I turn in for bed around the time that most of Las Vegas is leaving for the evening. That surely had a bit to do with my frustration. However, it is disappointing to note that Mr. Wynn went all-out to create a spectacular hotel in every way, but cut corners on the soundproofing. In a hotel as fabulous as Encore, I should not hear toilets flushing.I would go back, despite the noise. The place is just that fabulous.	
Oct 8 2009 	Elegant Beautiful accomodations	My wife and I stayed at the Encore at Wynn resort last September 4 - 7, 2009. It was our first stay at this resort and I have to admit that it is one of the best resort/casinos in Las Vegas. The rooms were nicely appointed, the beds were comfortable, pillows were super soft and the comforters were suple.Our check-in process went well and the staff at the front desk were courteous and carried themselves in a professional manner.The Encore's pool area is one of the nicer pools in Las Vegas - they provide nice thick and newer towels and you can get poolside service as wait staff is always inquiring if you needed anything at that time. There's a European pool area with a pool bar and gaming tables such as blackjack and craps - so you can cool down at the pool, have a drink at their bar and play some games at your own leisure.I like the accessiblity of the hotel to the Fashion Show mall which is right across the street from it and being at the heart of the strip - accessing other casinos was not a problem.We will definitely be back!	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful hotel with amazing rooms!	My husband and I stayed here for my 30th Birthday celebration. We were impressed by the hotel's decor, ambiance and cleanliness throughout. We did like many others have trouble getting our room, which wasn't ready until after 5 p.m., but the manager was very nice and gave us a room with an amazing view to make up for it. Our room was also not clean, but they did take care of this as well by sending in a detailing crew. We were happy after that was taken care of and loved staying at this hotel, which seemed to be out of the hustle and bustle of the strip. We would return.	
Oct 8 2009 	Go with your gut!	I was looking for a great place to stay during my 25th birthday trip with my girlfriends. I have heard varying reviews from people on TA stating it was not a hotel for younger people, the ambiance of the hotel was very stuffy, sometimes you can hear the music from the nightclub etc. I am HAPPY I stayed there because the ENCORE was a FABULOUS place to stay. Two girls from my group SCREAMED loudly upon entering their rooms. We had a room on the 35th floor with a view of the strip and the pools. We heard no noise from the parties etc. The staff was nice, the rooms were exceptionally clean, the pools were clean unlike the ones at MGM that were murky, greasy &amp; salty (eww!). The Wynn buffet was a delight to look forward to in the morning. I look forward to going back to Vegas early next year &amp; staying here with my S.O.	
Oct 7 2009 	Totally wheelchair friendly!!!!!	I have to say to spite some of the reviews, that this hotel is everything we expected and more. Our stay was for 6 nights/7 days. My first fear was how accessible it would be for my partner who is disabled. There were no problems in any area, including getting INTO and OUT OF the actual pools, not just poolside! They arranged to have an electric lift at poolside when ever he wanted to enter the water. What a delight, for him to swim and not have to think about it! The staff is incredibly nice and will go the extra mile for those with special needs!The Handicapped room was more than we expected. Someone really thought about the needs of the disabled when designing these rooms. The bathroom had hand rails in just the right places, a fold down shower seat, with hand held shower head again good rail positioning and wheelchair space. The room had more than needed open space for scooter turn a rounds, and extra sockets for plug ins that some of our equipment requires bedside. I can't tell you how tired I am of having to move lamps, clocks etc.. in most other hotels just to accommodate a simple bipap or to recharge the scooter .It was so nice to finally have a vacation that I didn't have to plan out every move because of inaccessibility. This hotel did their thinking for us! GREAT PLACE..GREAT FOOD, and GREAT VIEWS!I can only say to those who have trouble getting around with a scooter or wheelchair, this hotel goes far and beyond to accommodate the handicapped.	
Oct 6 2009 	Clearly the best place to stay in Las Vegas!	As i always do before travelling, I consulted Trip Advisor to see what people were saying about Encore @The Wynn in Las Vegas. To those reviewers out there that wrote less than wonderful remarks, I am pleased to say that nothing you mentioned was even remotely accurate during my stay.First off, the location is fantastic. Vegas is as pedestrian friendly as it gets and Encore is not *out of the way* or *poorly situated* at all. Each morning we walked through the Casino and through the shopping areas to the Wynn. From the Wynn we were a short stroll to the Palazzo, the Venetian and everything else. Walking from Encore to the Bellagio took less than 15-20 minutes.More importantly, the rooms are spacious and opulent. We had a room on the 56th floor, to the right off the elevator which made for an incredible southern view down the strip all the way to the Bellagio. The layout of the room allowed for a view from every angle. We could see for miles...but at night, the lights made the view arguably second to none.I found this hotel to be far and away the best. I have stayed at Bellagio, Wynn, the Venetian, Mandalay and Caesars. None really come close...well the Wynn does obviously, but Encore's rooms are bigger and the pool area at Encore is superior as well as it captures more sun late in the day.Dining at Encore/Wynn was ideal...you had so many choices. The coffee bar off the elevator stack was a godsend in the morning and truly everyone from the front desk attendant to every dealer/pitboss waiter/waitress was more than eager to assist us.Check in was a breeze. Yes, they pitched me on the 25$ upgrade...but it was so worth it to get a south facing room. We were highly impressed with just how well appointed the rooms were. Steve Wynn really thought of everything this time. By comparison now, the Bellagio looks tired...and i would stay at The Wynn...but Encore is the new kid on the block in many ways.I suppose it helps that i proposed to my girlfriend on this trip...and this hotel offers many romantic spots to get the deal sealed. Im not surprised she wants to go back very soon. And when we do...it will be an encore at Encore....nothing else compares.	
Oct 6 2009 	What can one say	Everything was too much , from the strip view to electronic drapes console controlled lights .The bed made you sleep it was so comfortable .Reception could not do enough to help .As I say you have to stay there if in vegas.	
Oct 6 2009 	Stunning	Beautiful hotel, the basic suite I had took my breath away. I also got to experience the most expensive room service sandwich I've ever paid for - and it was delicious! The bright and opulently decorated casino was easy to navigate. I can't wait for my next visit in Oct 09	
Oct 5 2009 	The Encore was a Horrendous experience!	After staying at the Encore at the Wynn in Las Vegas I would not recommend staying in the hotel if you want piece of mind. During the entire stay they were doing repairs on in the guestrooms and constantly were accessing the rooms. The room service was mediocre at best and the final touch of class the Encore added at the end of the trip was to rip our bag when they loaded it into the cab for our return trip home. I noticed the tear in the bag when we got to the airport and photographed the damage and sent it to the security department of the hotel along with a phone call. It took them 5-6 days to return my call after numerous attempts. They finally issued a report and stated that the tear was not their responsibility because they could not find the video. If you value piece of mind and you property, I would recommend staying as far away from this hotel as possible.	
Oct 4 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Hands down this is the best large hotel I have ever stayed in. I was there with my husband, parents and brother for 3 nights in mid September and we all loved it. The rooms are stylish, comfortable and very large with fantastic views of the Strip. The service is excellent - only downside is all the extras - mini bar, spa etc - are very expensive. However this is to be expected in Vegas. We will be back again and will definitely stay at the Encore.	
Oct 2 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Great hotel I think the Bellagio has better service but the rooms at Encore are probably the best on the strip.	
Oct 2 2009 	Best Vegas trip ever-thanks to Steve!	We spent 4 days, 3 nights on the 62nd floor (although 40 thru 49 are missing- Asian superstition maybe). I've been going to Vegas for 40 years and thought it was just another mini vacation. Not so. We responded to a mailer offering a good package, including 2 tickets to Le Reve, $25 gambling money and $50 hotel money plus a 3rd night free. Other than the $25 per night view upgrade, everything was exactly as advertised. Valet and Check-in were a breeze, the room had an unbelievable view and was spacious. It had a large sitting area, pivoting flat screen and a tv in the bathroom to go with the soaking tub. Complaints? No coffee in the room, internet is @$16/day and do not touch the 'honor bar' stuff!!	
Oct 1 2009 	Fabulous!!!	The Encore is absolutely FABULOUS!! Everything about this hotel is simply fabulous. We had a room on the 16th floor overlooking the pool. There is a controller by the bed that allows you to operate all of the lights and drapes in the room. Very nice sitting area with large sofa. There is a large flat screen TV in between the bedroom and sitting area that can be spun around to face either area. Separate tub and large shower with double sinks and a separate toilet room in the large bathroom. The casino area has huge red glass chandeliers. I have stayed in many hotels in Vegas and this is the most beautiful one yet.	
Oct 1 2009 	W O W	This hotel is by far the nicest hotel I have ever visited!!! i was in awe upon arrival at the hotel lobby which was very plush with red butterflies every where the check in experiance was quick and easy and the room was huge and absolutely gorgeous. Can not fault this hotel in anyway i would definately reccomend this to anyone visiting vegas but be warned its not cheap most tables are 15 dollar minimum and that doesnt last 10 seconds, but on the plus side there are plenty of 1 cent machines which kept me happy. Would also recommend the sw steakhouse a bit pricey but worth every penny!! overall a fantastic experiance.	
Sep 30 2009 	Fabulous Hotel great staff amazing food and yes classy!	Wow. WOW. I loved Encore. I recommend it to anyone traveling to Vegas, a couple, group of single guys or girls, anyone! I went with my husband as part of our honeymoon and we loved it... will hopefully be back again next year :)The rooms are hot... large, spacious, elegant, modern... to name a few. The bed was heaven and the view was gorgeous. I love the remote controlled everything... they had a remote control that opened and closed the blinds and shear drapes, that turned off all the lights in the room, living area, and bathroom, that locked in whether you wanted privacy or your room to be made up, etc. The tv was a nice flat screen. Loved the large, spacious bathroom and the robes. Everything was perfectly clean and luxurious.The service was great... checking in was easy and quick. The concierge was very helpful with all our questions and recommended some great spots. The restaurants were really good... we loved Wazazu and the restaurants in the Wynn were fantastic as well.... esp Okada! We were in Vegas 5 days and we didnt venture out to eat anywhere but the Wynn and Encore, since everything was so good!The club XS was absolutely amazing. Great music, great crowd. Tryst at the Wynn, also, absolutely fabulous! They had tons of shops... most of them very high end, so we didnt do as much shopping as we'd like, but theyre definitely fun to browse around in and just to walk around and window shop ;)Overall, like another reviewer stated, the Encore is almost classy... which is so hard to say about anything in Vegas! You go to Vegas for the novelty of it, the craziness... Encore is almost a getaway from all that. Yet it still has the corny red chandeliers and loud carpeting...but its still a whole lot of fun. Enjoy!	
Sep 28 2009 	Exceptional Service!!	I am not a Vegas type person. . .I love entertainment, but typically view Vegas as a bit tacky and have a 24 hour rule. However, while the Encore has a casino and the general Vegas-y atmosphere (buffets, slot machines, smoke everywhere) it seemed, dare I say, CLASSY for Vegas. The level of service was exceptional. I mean, just phenomenally incredible. Each and every person treated us with a level of professionalism and service that outdid any place I have ever stayed. The pool area was great as well. We enjoyed the Adults Only pool where it is permissible to go topless although many did not take advantage of this option. We ate at both the SW Steakhouse and Boudin's french restaurant. They both overlook the &quot;lake of dreams&quot; which has mini shows throughout dinner service and they are entertaining to say the least. You don't forget you are in Vegas! The lake of dreams has a wall of water that cascades down into a lake. Very cool. You can sit outside/inside, so when making reservations, be sure to mention you would like outside. Our room was a panoramic room. We also checked out a salon suite in the Tower Suites, but we enjoyed our panoramic room much more. It was on a high floor, floor to ceiling views of the strip, and overall a great room. The one complaint with the room is that the flat screen TV is placed between the bedroom section and the sitting room area and we could not move it to enjoy the nighttime view of the strip.	
Sep 27 2009 	Vegas at its best	This was our third time in Las Vegas and the best hotel by far,its new stylish and imaculate.Before booking we checked it out on Trip Advisor and read some negative reviews,im sure some people are a bit slow on the uptake.First thing,drinks and food are not cheap but it is a five star hotel which cost millions of dollars to build and to run, this has to be paid for somehow.If you want a beer for a buck and a cheap hot dog go to the places that do that,dont go to a five star resort and expect to live on the cheap.Secondly,thousands stay here every night and tens of thousands pass thru the casino,bars ,restaurants and shops every day.So dont expect the bartender,waitress or hotel manager to remember your name,unless your a high roller its not a personal service type of place.Saying that,the staff were perfect and the food and drinks were as good as it gets.If it takes you 10 or 20 minutes to check in,live with it your not the only person there.Our resort suite was perfect, big bathroom great sitting area with large tv,black out curtains(electric operated) and its true what they say about a Wynn bed.The pool does get a bit packed at the weekend,if your not down there early you wont get a bed.It may be at the quiet end of the strip for some people,but for $15 in a cab you are at Mandalay Bay which is the furthest hotel away on the strip.In summing up,this place is better than the Bellagio,The Venitian,The Paris and the rest,so please dont complain about the price of the food and drinks.When we go back to vegas,we know where we are staying.ps.if you want a quieter room just ask at check in and dont have one that overlooks the pool/night club.	
Sep 27 2009 	BEST HOTEL EVER! WORTH EVERY PENNY	I was totally 'blown away' by this beautiful, elegant, stylish hotel. The suite was amazing and attention to detail everywhere - from the exceptional bed &amp; fine bedding to the remote control curtains!Yes it is a pricey hotel and I was a little anxious to see if it would be worth it........worth ever penny and more. It is not just a hotel stay, but a truley wonderful experience that you will never forget. We have been to practically all the 5 star hotels in Vegas and this one is by far the one that really warrants the 'five stars' in every way.Spotlessly clean everywhere - service and standards 10/10Restaurants we found a little too pricey, but venture out to suit your budget.I am the most critical and fussy customer! and can honestly say - no negatives here at all!Construction everywhere at the moment on Las Vegas strip - not around the Wynn and the Encore though - middle of the strip looks like a construction site so this hotel is well out of the way of all the cranes, dust and noise etc. Perfectly located.Book it!!! you will love it.	
Sep 26 2009 	WONDERFUL from start to finish!!!	We had a wonderful experience here from start to finish. We went on a promotion we received in the mail two days before we left home (great timing). We got everything on the promotion without any problems (La Rev tkts, dining credit, slot credit, and set room charge). They didn't try to upsell us at all! In fact we had to ask to pay more to get a room on a higher floor on the strip side. Our room was gorgeous and housekeeping was flawless. We ate at several restaurants in the hotel and they were all good (Zoozacrackers, Sugar &amp; Ice,Terrace Point Cafe, Parasol Down, and Daniel Bouloud). Special kudos to Daniel Bouloud!! We loved the pool especially the European one. Great vibe and good music. We could always find a chair and poolside service was topnotch. Drinks were pricey at the pool but where is that not the norm now?? The casino was very nice too, not smoky at all (my one pet peeve about Vegas - I hate the smoke). Didn't care for the plastic red chandeliers but everything else was beautiful and well done. We could always find a Blackjack table when we wanted one. It was our 2nd time to La Reve and it was better than the first time - I can not figure out why that show is not packed like the others. It is just as good if not better then the Cirque shows there.We loved the Wynn also although we didn't spend much time there (and never went to that pool) we were happy with Encore.We went to Mirage for LOVE (AWESOME SHOW!) and the crowds were incredible. I can't imagine staying there. Encore was spacious and not crowded. I shouldn't write this review as I would like it to stay an undiscovered gem but I'm sure it won't stay that way. You can go to the crowds when you want them but you don't have to stay there. Stay at Encore where you can walk without touching the person next to you (unless you want to of course)!We would definitely return promotion or no promotion. Bellagio was our 'home away from home' in Vegas but Encore has now taken its place.	
Sep 26 2009 	How can this be rated 20th ??? No.1 all day long !!!	First time to Vegas, loved it !!! But I never expected the Hotel to be my lasting memory.I have stopped in 5* many times before but nothing comes close to the sheer opulance and quality of the hotel. The reception area has no theme but looks stunning in striking reds/ purples and a butterfly theme running everywhere. Rooms are exceptional in size, decor and cleanliness. How sad am I, to try and find fault in the hotel of 3000 rooms,I thought I would see how long I had to wait for the lift. One morning it got to 23 seconds and I felt like putting a complaint in at reception !!!!Pool area is beautifully designed although 1 pool looses then sun in the afternoons. Sunbed loungers are so comfy, once you in, your staying !!!Yes, its not cheap to eat or drink there, but no more expensive than any other luxury hotel. You cannot expect a hotel of this class to serve a $7.99 burger, but at $12.95 I don't thinks its silly money.It's a little bit away from the main strip but I think that helps to give a more elegant feel at times. Didn't do much gambling so can't comment on that.Overall, stunning and how is this rated 20th Madness !!!	
Sep 25 2009 	Out of this world!!!	Second time in Vegas, stayed in Caesars Palace last time and was tempted to go there again but decided on Encore last year when booking as we really liked the look of Wynn first time round, as often quoted by reviewers was a bit concerened by wide variations of vistors experiences...Needn't have worried. It was our 20th wedding anniversary we got an upgrade (free ) to panoramic room and some resort credits. Check in was fast and smooth, we arrived mid afternoon on a weds so did not expect a problem, room was ready, straight in...fantastic, beautiful suite, we chose a higher floor (we were offered a lower one strip facing but was wary of noise from XS) no disturbances, occasional noise from other rooms but nothing of note. The casino area is smaller and quieter than most in Vegas and as a result even on the labour day weekend was not too hectic. Pool area was fab we allways got a seat. Restaurants were really nice, staff were attentive and friendly. In short we loved the place and although we only stayed 3 days out of a 10 day vist to Vegas we really would have loved to have stayed all 10 days and are already planning to go back. Spa was unbelievable PS While in Vegas we spent 1 night in the Pallazo which was also superb, try spending a week in Vegas, 4 days in Encore 3 in Pallazo you'll love it. Proper 5 star hotels.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Rooms!	Huge suites - insanely comfortable beds - remote control curtains and lights - gigantic bathroom! I have to say that Steve Wynn knows luxury!My main purpose for this trip was to attend a tradeshow at the convention center. Great location for that. There was a show sponsored shutlle going, but cabs were only about $7.I used the spa at the Wynn, which was very nice - great workout room as well. The unique thing about the Spa was the natural light in the jacuzzi area. Nice touch. However, it was on the small side. My husband used both Wynn and Encore spas and said the Encore spa was even nicer and larger.They also have some prix fixe meal deals going on, with dinner at Wazuzu going for $29. The cons were the Encore pool - didn't like the openess of the set up. I preferred going over to the Wynn Pool. Also, the food options at Wynn were a little more attractive. The omlette at the Terrace Cafe was scrumptious. And did I mention there is free Wi-Fi at the Terrace? I mean 13.95 in your room for internet or $13.95 for pancakes and Wi-Fi? Need you hesitate......	
Sep 23 2009 	Best Stay In Vegas	I was hesitant to book a room @ the Encore because of several negative reviews. My wife and I usually travel to Vegas every other year for a convention so our trip is both business and pleasure. We have stayed @ the Bellagio, Signature/MGM, and Paris. Hands down, the Encore was substantially superior. The Bellagio is starting to show signs of wear and room service is slow to respond. The door frames @ the Bellagio are metal and when someone opens or closes a door nearby it is noisy. The best thing about the Bellagio are the pools. My second best choice in Vegas would be the Signature which is a good value for the dollar. We learned a long time ago not to walk or take the monorail. Too hot and slow to walk and the monorail always dumps you @ the back of the hotel. Cabs are the only way to go - $5-$10.00 gets you up or down the strip and saves your wife's feet.The Negatives(s) - Only one, which turned into a positive. Sure enough we had trouble @ check-in around 11AM. The staff was having computer/IT problems and the system was real slow. Mark our clerk, perspiring profusely, was working two terminals in order to check us in. Don't even think about trying to check in without your confirmation number as we could not check in with our name only. We were there about ten minutes and Mark appreciated our patience. We booked a king panorama view room. I told Mark we could be even more patient if he gave us a higher floor room on the north side away from the club noise which he said he would try and do. We left our bags and went to the conference down the strip and received a call @ 1:30 that out room was ready. Later that afternoon we picked up the keys to a fabulous 57th floor room with an incredible view! This is one of the nicest rooms we have ever stayed in!Tip - There is a market and Walgreens just north of the Encore to save money on wine/beer, snacks that costs 2/3 less than the hotel sundry! No one pays any attention to the sign @ the elevator stating no food/beverages from outside the hotel. Don't be afraid to open the refer cabinet which has a nice tray, glasses and bottle opener you can use - Just don't lift anything off the mat or take anything out of the refrigerator or it will cost you dearly. Fill one of the bathroom sinks with ice from the ice machine, insert wine/beer and don't even bother leaving this great room!	
Sep 23 2009 	Vegas as it should be seen	The hotel is 64 storeys high and we stayed in a Resort Suite on the 32nd Floor. The views were fantastic, the canyon on one side, the Wynn hotel itself and then the strip which could all be seen from the floor to ceiling glass window. The checking in was slow ( new staff member being trained) and we were asked lots of silly questions that had already been answered within our booking but we stuck with it, half an hour later we were finally in our room on the 35th floor. Unfortunately the air conditioning unit was faulty and when we turned it up on arrival in the room, it was like a jet engine taking off. When the bell hop arrived with the bags he confirmed that this was obviously not right and rang reception who proceeded to advise that they only had 1 other room (in the whole hotel!) available and it was on the 32nd Floor with the same view. They quickly moved us and an hour after our arrival in the hotel we were finally unpacking. The hotel was very busy as it was Labour weekend and it certainly gave you a sense of what these type of hotels are like when full of people as on the Monday evening the noise levels went down and the pool areas were dead in comparison to the previous 3 days. The rooms were large, lobby area with wardrobe (not too big) and safe, then large king bed, drinks cabinet, fully stocked fridge (electronically activated), into a lounge area with L shaped couch, desk and chair and flat screen TV that swivelled around to either the bedroom area or lounge area. Bathroom was good with double sinks, shower, Jacuzzi bath and separate toilet room. Turn down service in the evening but no water left which is usual in most hotels now a days. We expected the use of the gym to be included in our rate but the hotel advised on check in that it was not, our agent had told us it was but as we had nothing in writing the hotel said we would have to pay to use it. The rate was $150 each for 3 days usage, $50 dollars a day to use a treadmill and a few weights is losing the plot and as a result we declined to use it, they would not negotiate even though we were staying 8 days and would have been willing to pay something towards it!!We used the Adult pool every day, (over 21s no cameras for obvious reasons). The music was brilliant each day and the regular parade of beautiful bodies kept us amused and entertained. The water was freezing but a welcome relief from the 104 degree heat. The gaming tables are in the centre of the pool with a bar facility and seemed to be very popular. The nightclub leads into the pool area so every morning the pool was late opening as the beds had to be taken up each evening and put back down again each morning. Meant there was a queue each morning at 9am for beds and by 9.15 they were all full for the Fri, Sat, Sun and Mon mornings.We had lunch by the pool and the service was excellent, try their great smoothies, ceasar salad, wraps and rolls. We also took breakfast out to the pool from the muffin bar area and the croissant with egg, cheese and bacon was fabulous if not a little decadent! Granola and fruit was also brilliant for the “good days”.The sun does go in around 2.30pm from the adult pool so if you want to continue to stay out you will have to move over to the second pool, usually there were beds available to transfer over to. The restaurant choice is immense so there is no point in me trying to talk you through them all, they are all good, there is a casual burger place between the two hotels and it was very cheap and excellent food and the buffet in the Wynne is well worth trying. If you sign up for the red card and get enough points on the card through gambling you will qualify for free buffet dinners so worth a try if you intend playing the machines. The drinks are also complimentary if you are playing the machines. We went to the show Le Reve and thought it was fantastic, would have gone to see it a second night if we had booked it…. Definitely recommend it even if you do not like shows (we never go) as it is exciting and different.We stayed in the Venetian last year and we would say that the Encore is probably bigger, more reasonable, has more facilities and would probably be our preferred choice if we return to Vegas.	
Sep 23 2009 	Wow!	From the moment we arrived our stay was off the charts amazing! Self and Valet parking was easy to find. When we first went through the entrance we were a bit confused as to where you actually 'check' in and had to ask. Given the fact my husband and I are in our twentys and staying at such a nice place this may have factored in to the response we got from the 'staff' we inquired of, but dressed rather nicely we were a bit suprised when the man asked my husband right back if he was a chauffer? What?! Other than this one moment and rude ? to a ? about check-in that was all there was to complain about. Check-in was easy, fast and efficient. Offered choice of papers for your morning review, then off to the room where an added security member makes sure you have a room key before allowing you to enter the elevator section. Conceirge was helpful later in our stay and the housekeeping could not be better! Rooms were magnificent! Stayed in a Panoramic View Suite on the 78th (or was it 72nd? sorry, can't remember but it was Fabulous!). View of the strip, a golf course and at night you can see the fireworks across the street. Very clean! Kept very clean by housekeeping- even straightened my shoes that were flung this way and that after rushing to get ready for dinner! Bed was super comfy and soft- with a control panel right beside to open and shut the curtains/blinds for blacking out your room or just letting minimal light through and not having to get up! Nice Flat Screen TV that swivels for the living area and office to the bedroom for viewing anywhere you want. Bathroom has plenty of space, great tile shower, jacuzzi bath, two vanities and a great makeup mirror- just what you need in Vegas! and seperate powder room. Towels, Robes and a few amenities are all up to par. Pool areas and the spa area were all landscaped and decorated to deilght! An adult (no cameras and only above 18 allowed) where you can sunbath topless is also available. Didn't visit the spa for any treatments but nice and quiet area seperated from the clang of casino noise would make for a good retreat for an hour or so.We ate at several places in the hotel including the small cafe just beside the casino and the elevators (across from concierge) which had good coffee/lattes and scrumptious croissants filled with your choice of goodies in the morning. Around $12 but well worth the price for the energy and amount you receive! Botero Steak was the best meal we had while in town. Best meal I can remember hands down. Steak was cooked to everyones preferred temperature and the flavor was fabulous! Side dishes including truffle mac and cheese were just perfect.Overall the hotel was very Red, especially near the Casino. The casino is very quiet throughout most of the day but at night gets going. Waitress's are always around to grab you a drink and are dressed more tastefully than several of the casinos we've visited. One of the friends I was with forgot their 'red card' which is for the machines and gaming at the slots but was easiliy replaced when going to the front desk while her other one was voided out. Connected to the Wynn by a super super long hallway with high end retailers you can arrive there in about 10-15 minutes without ever leaving the building. Location wise you are right across the street from the Fashion Mall which has everything you may have forgotten to bring and not the higher prices of the hotel stores. The Palazzo and next door is also easy to access and fun to explore when you need a break from all the modern luxury and red!Loved our stay and can't wait to return!	
Sep 22 2009 	Gorgeous Hotel	The Encore is first class all the way! Wonderful staff always HAPPY and willing to assist you with anything you needed. The suites were beautiful and exceptionally clean and the beds were heavenly. Fabulous pool and spa, I had a massage in the spa and worked out in their state of the art fitness center. I ate in several of the restaurants and the food was excellent and the presentation amazing. I would definetly go back to the Encore!!!	
Sep 22 2009 	Class Elegance and Comfort all in one!	Despite all the negative reviews about the Wynn resorts, my husband and I had a wonderful time at the Encore. Our room on the 63rd Floor was spotless and beautifully appointed. Room service was prompt and the quality rivaled leading restaurants. Pool was fantastic and staff were attentive in taking drink orders. As for their signature restaurants, while we experienced one of the best risotto ever at the &quot;Swtich&quot;, we found the back-drop and scene changing theme a little gammicky. That said, the food was great and we had a good laugh! We had zero issues with checking in/ out like most people complained about. Every staff we encounted was friendly and helpful. We will definitely be back soon!	
Sep 21 2009 	We never stay anywhere else in Vegas	I have stayed at the Encore 4 times since they opened last December most recently in September 2009. For my husband and me there just is no comparison to any other casino-hotel. We love the suites, the spa, the restaurants, the casino and the service. The decor is definitely Vegas but fabulous colors (lots of red) and there is a butterfly motif that is carried throughout the hotel. Because it is a newer property I definitely notice a lot less smoke in the casino areas which is a big bonus over other hotels on the strip. We love having breakfast at Cafe Society and dinner at either Botero or Daniel Boulud on the Wynn side. The shopping is very high end but still fun to wander through the Esplanade. And there is a big mall just across the street (Neimans, Macys and lots of chain stores). You will find the Wynn to be busier and more lively than the Encore . When we travel to Vegas we are usually just the two of us (husband and wife) and we do not go to the clubs at the hotel. I imagine that XS (the giant indoor/outdoor nightclub at the Encore) is great if that is your scene. One weekend we noted that men were paying $150 to enter XS and women only $20...the line of dudes was all the way down the hall.If you are looking for a more mature, upscale stay in Vegas then the Encore is your place.	
Sep 20 2009 	Loved it!!!!!!!!!!!	From minute one everything about this hotel was top notch. Would stay again no question, my only negative was the volume of the music around the pool however it was Labour weekend.	
Sep 20 2009 	Encore provided an enjoyable stay	We spent a 4 nights at Encore in mid- September and overall we were very happy with our accomodations. The hotel is as beautiful as the Wynn next door. We were originally on the 28th floor but moved to the 35th floor with a strip view after the first night. Each room was configured a little different. The first had a separate living room area that was split from the bedroom area by a 1/2 wall. The 42&quot; LCD TV easily swiveled to face either side of the suite. The second rooom felt more spacious as the living and bed areas were more combined and didn't have a half wall to break them up. The bed was extremely comfortable, the bathroom was phenomenal. I also can't say enough about the staff at the Encore- everyone we dealt with was pleasant and very attentive. Cons: There really weren't many. The hotel was a little far from everything else. We walked everywhere and found the long trek back a little tiresome compared with other trips where our accomodations were more centrally based. The pool was also seriously lacking any shade. There were cabanas and other rentals but as far as umbrellas that were not rentals there were only 5-6 so if you weren't out very early you were out of luck. As someone who needs shade this was a huge disappointment. The first day I ended up leaving the pool much earlier than expected because there were no shady areas (i.e. umbrellas availalble). Unfortunately for me, while the &quot;cons&quot; were limited, I believe we'll likely choose another hotel for our next trip.	
Sep 18 2009 	Not As Wonderful Or As Complete As The Original Wynn	And that's a shame, because the Wynn is the finest resort on the Strip. In my opinion, the Encore still needs some details filled-in. Say what you will about the huge red plastic-looking chandeliers on the casino floor (I think they are awful) or the butterfly tile and carpet motifs (I think they're great), or the two pools, or the fine restaurants and bars all over the lobby level - everything down there expresses a more relaxed, luxurious environment than the original Wynn, which has a bigger, busier lobby floor and casino. That's fine, because the Wynn has a smaller footprint than the original Wynn.But there seems to be a large gap between the standard rooms of the Wynn and the standard rooms at the Encore (the rooms the vast majority of guests will select). The original Wynn rooms feature a seating area (sofa, coffee table, accent lighting, artwork), a desk, and a secondary seating area by the window (a table and two lounge chairs). Lots of furniture for a 500 square foot room, but very well thought out. The Encore on the other hand, has vast amounts of empty space. The seating area is a large L-shaped sofa under a large framed print hung on a wall. But there is no lighting fixture or dedicated spot lighting above it. Furthermore, if the Encore rooms are supposed to be suites, why isn't there a room deivder between the seating area and the bed? It would make an enormous difference - one wall would make this room a real suite. There is no secondary seating area. There seem to be fewer dresser drawers than the original Wynn (this is a suite, right?). And there are vast amounts of square footage of nothing but carpeting and dead space. Now I'm not suggesting that the Wynn Encore become crammed and cluttered like a Tokyo or New York apartment. But some more lighting options and a little more furniture would have gone a long way. Now about the stay itself - it was very disappointing compared to the Wynn main resort. Unlean windows. Hand prints on the mirrors. Crumbs on the carpet and sofa. It was shocking, actually, considering how perfect our stay at the Wynn was, and that both buildings have received the AAA 5-Diamond Award. So we think if you want the true Wynn experience, avoid the Encore until they can sharpen their game and fill in some details. The Wynn remains the finest luxury resort on the strip, along with the Belaggio. If you don't mind it being on the north end of the strip, go for it. You won't regret the Wynn.	
Sep 17 2009 	No Reason to Leave	Every aspect of service was beyond expectation. I put Encore in the same category as any Four Seasons. Pools are beautiful. Encore is NOT a large hotel and therefore feels more intimate. Rooms are big, modern and plush. You will be spoiled here and disappointed by the competition...if you venture elsewhere.	
Sep 16 2009 	This is the best Hotel in Vegas	The Encore is one of the nicest Hotel that I have stayed. The staff is very friendly. The Hotel rooms are beautiful and cozy. We had the perfect night out we went to Dinner to Switch what a creative looking Restaurant and the food is great, after Dinner we went to see the show LeReve what a show!!!! and after the show we hit the casino. The slots don't payout however, if you go there to have a good time and don't stress over losing a couple of hundred dollars to the slot you be okay. Even though I lost the Casino Host assign to me was wonderful. Overall an excellent choice.	
Sep 16 2009 	5 Star Best in Vegas	Encore is fantastic. Good food, good service, great pool and great rooms - but at a price. If you want to splurge this is the place to stay. I didnt mind the position at the end of the strip, as fashion show mall was across the road. Some good cheaper dining options at the Wynn. Terrace Point Cafe had great breakfast and lunches as did society cafe at Encore. Wazuzu had beautiful asian food at the Encore, ate there often. Palazzo and Venetian is a short walk up the strip which offers good shopping and cheaper dining options. We had a panaromic view room on the 60th floor with a strip view. I would definately recommend to request for a strip view. Room was large and very clean. Requested clean sheets one day with housekeeping and this was not a problem. Plently of towels and toiletries.  Walgreens, McDonalds is a short walk down the other end of the strip. Checked out most of the casions and would definatley reccommend the Encore or Wynn. My next choice would be Palazzo Venetian. We stayed from Monday to Friday and did noticed that the casino was becoming much busier towards the end of the week. Did not have a problem getting a pool chair and noticed that staff were very helpful if you could not find one. Spa was spactular. Security was great. Cant wait to go back, 5 stars.	
Sep 13 2009 	Loved It!!	We had booked this trip to get married and our family were coming and had never been to Vegas before (we had been 2 years ago and stayed at Mandalay Bay) so we wanted to impress. I always make the mistake of reading the reviews after we have booked!All I can say is that everything was great. I am not going to go on like some people have. From the minute we arrived in the hotel we enjoyed it all. We were checked in quickly - we were even given a free room upgrade as we were getting married in the hotel! The staff were friendly, the room lovely (the view was amazing), location fantastic - really close to everything you needed. Our 15 week old son came with us, we had asked for a crib in the room which was provided as were baby toiletries which I thought was a lovely touch. We ate at The Terrace Pointe Cafe - the service was very slow here. We also ate at The Buffet - I have never seen anything like it, MASSIVE! We ate at Botero's too, which was lovely. Our wedding went without any hitches! Laquiter and Emily were wonderful in organising everything for us, the Reverand made the cermeony feel very personal and the photographer took some stunning photos.We were thrilled that everything was as we would have expected it to be and we would definately not hesitate in returning to the Encore.	
Sep 12 2009 	Another Great Trip to the Encore Las Vegas!	This was the second time this year that we've stayed here.Last time it was for my 40th birthday in June, this time it was for my mom's 61st birthday! And the Encore and their whole staff, from housekeeping to the front desk and conceirge associates to the very courteous security Steve, did not disappoint. We saw their show,Le`Reve, and it was fantastic.And with the wonderful help of William at the conceirge desk, he got us the perfect seats.Along with his teammate, Brittany, they arranged our every request with a smile to top it off! Great job AGAIN. You have totally spoiled us to any other hotel. See ya next time!	
Sep 12 2009 	Everything top notch except the location	This is a beautiful hotel. I read reviews that complained about service and I was stunned. I thought every single employee from the front desk to the maids were friendly and welcoming. This is a gorgeous hotel but it manages to maintain a warm, welcoming feeling. I find the original Wynn a little &quot;cold&quot;, and I love the Encore. I've heard the spa is the best, although we didn't have time to try it. Our room was outstanding, with wonderful furnishings, lots of room, lovely big bathrooms and gorgeous luxurious bedding. Our view with the floor to ceiling windows was outstanding with the only thing blocking it the original Wynn. We checked in quickly, the price was right, and we were able to get a room at 10:30am! Every single Maid said a friendly hello as you walked by them in the hallways. The &quot;cafe&quot; is excellent, and very different from the average cafe in Vegas. We ate there twice and the Kobe burgers were really good. I thought the rest of the restaurant choices were too limited, but we did have a really good meal at the Wynn at the Country Club. Didn't love the atmosphere there but one of the best meals ever. But the Encore is so far down the strip - it is located close to the Fashion Show Mall which is nice, but not at ALL within walking distance of the other casinos, which is the major negative. I like it enough to stay here anyway and either rent a car or take cabs. The only other thing we didn't like, is that if you sit at a bar and play video poker you no longer get free drinks. That seems to have changed all over the strip. And the video poker machines at Encore need to be changed out. I won't go into detail here but they are set up to encourage you to accidentally increase your bet because of where the button is placed and the fact that it doesn't reset the bet after you double down (if playing blackjack for instance) so you can mistakenly bet ALOT of money. The bartender admitted this is a constant complaint. Anyway I think this hotel is beautiful and I'd stay again and again!	
Sep 11 2009 	Fabulous luxury hotel just wish it was closer to everything else on the strip	My girlfriends and I booked a girls trip to Las Vegas in September with a side tour/trip to the Grand Canyon. We stayed for 3 nights in the Encore in two Resort Suites (two girls per room). Upon arrival (at 12 noon), we were told check-in was at 3 pm but they would call us when the rooms were available (i.e. cleaned). By 1pm, we were in our room and it was fantastic. The bed was SO comfortable and because it was just two girls in a king sized bed, we never felt the other was in the same bed. The room was large with a separate living area, a great big bathroom and fun controls for the lighting and drapes. The downsides of the room included very little dresser space for our clothes and etc as well as being charged for using the fridge in the minibar. I.e., we couldn't keep our bottle of water cold because there was sensor in the fridge detecting if we put anything in there. Also, the snacks that are laid out so prominently on the cupboard were sensored that if you moved anything for more then 60 seconds, it was charged to your room. So, if I accidently knocked over the box of caramel corn/cookies, I'd be charged $10 for it.We went Labour Day weekend, along with everyone else in North America and it was packed. The pool was packed. The casino was packed. The restaurants were packed. We couldn't even have the concierge help us out with going to the nightclub (XS) because all lists were blacked out. Fortunately, we were a group of pretty girls and had no issues gettting in afterall even though there was a massive line-up to get into the club.The location of the hotel was not so great. Being on the north end of the strip, we were close to the fashion show mall but not much else. We had to cab everywhere since it was too hot to be outside walking for too long.Overall, great hotel. The casino needed some improvements since the layout was abit sporadic with tables and slots mixed in areas. Pool was FANTASTIC if you could get a seat (go early to get one on a long weekend). I would definetely stay here again but probably not on a long weekend.	
Sep 10 2009 	Good Stay Major sound issues!	As I'm writing this review, I just arrived back in LA from my stay at Encore. The hotel itself is classy, beautiful, modern...all the things you would expect from Steve Wynn. The staff was always accommodating and courteous. I would like to first emphasis that the Encore is much smaller that the Wynn hotel. I thought the basic rooms were better designed and more refined that the Wynn. Also, I thought that the Euro pool area was better than Wynn. However, Encore HAS MAJOR SOUND ISSUES! Noise from the hallway is loud, which is surprising because the doors are so large and heavy. But that is just the half of it.We started our stay at the 21st floor on a Monday night. That night was club XS night! From across the entire pool area, from the 21st floor the sound and the bass was appalling! We did not sleep that night! Do not accept a strip view room that is from the 39th floor or below. XS will keep you up all night. It is truly shocking! Or take a mountain view room that doesn't face the strip to avoid the noise.However, to the staff's credit they listened, understood and moved us to the 59th floor with a better view and away from the noise.The decor of the Encore was both modern and elegant, but I would sooner stay at the Wynn than the Encore. I'm glad I tried it. Over all it was still a good stay. Between both hotels, there is nothing else you need. They really do make it hard to go anywhere else. BTW. Go see &quot;Le Rev&quot;!	
Sep 10 2009 	Wynn Encore did not deliver	Recently Steve Wynn made a commitment to his employees that was pretty unique these days. My observation, during my recent stay, was that he should have gotten an equal commitment from his employees. We arrived to the hotel in a rush to check-in as our flight had been delayed and we had reservations to get to within the hour. We were greeted and after a few moments were looked after - good first impression. We agreed to pay for an upgrade for a better view. Then it started to go sideways. Got up to our room hoping to do a quick freshen up only to find the room wasn't cleaned. Called down to the desk they said they would switch us and would be up with a key. We waited and finally thought we have to go and deal with this later - opened the door and there he was in the hall - saying 'gee I wondered where you guys were' - maybe knocking might have worked. Better yet - knowing we were in a hurry - the offer to move out bags for us was met with 'oh that would be the bell desk' - not the answer you would hope for. Over all the stay was uninspiring from a service perspective. From the restaurants to the casino, most seemed to be less than enthused to be there. Rooms were okay but no more than one would expect in this category. Probably the 'weirdest' thing was ordering lunch by the pool and it arriving in a plastic bag! Just did not meet my expectations for a five star resort as compared to our previous stay at the Palazzo.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great hotel. A luxurious experience	We loved our stay at Encore and will stay there again. Check in was easy, we upgraded to a high floor suite, which was well worth it. Room was elegant and sexy, just perfect. Rooms were pretty quiet, but I'm glad we had a high floor with the music at XS down below. If on low floor, ask for north strip view to be on other side of music. Spa was best ever, totally worth it. We had a 50 min massage (too short), but spent 2+ hrs overall. Saunas, steam room, pools, showers, etc were great. Very relaxing and spa attendants were very attentive and professional.Pool gets crowded, but not overly so...just enough to make it fun. Get there early for a lounge chair. While several bathers were topless, it was all very respectable. Not an MTV crowd. Good pool service. We lost the sun for 1-2 hrs when it goes behind the Wynn, but otherwise plenty of direct sun.Sinatra was excellent. Pre fix meal for $50 was a good value. No cannolis offered though for dessert, which I found odd. We didnt do any of the night clubs, but I heard they are very expensive and Encore guest really dont have much priority over others.We saw a comedian at the improv at Harrah's, which was hilarious. Zumanity was interesting for 15 minutes, but then got old. Not worth it.Potential Cons: - north strip location requires longer walks and/or cabs to middle strip. I like this though as it keeps the casino floor and shops less crowded with non hotel guest.- while the restaurants and hotel rooms are worth the price, the little stuff is too expensive. Drinks, suntain lotion, etc are annoyingly expensive. Wine also tends to be 3x retail in restaurants, which is irksome.- we are not gamblers, so I cant comment on casino other than that it looked nice- probably not the best kid hotel. We've stayed at others with our kids that seemed much more kid friendly...this is specifically why we choose Encore though!!!	
Sep 9 2009 	Best of the best	Without doubt the best hotel in las Vegas. The use of natural light coupled with the superb interior design makes it in my oppinion the best.It really doesnt have what i call an &quot;airport terminal&quot; feel like most of the other hotels have, even its sister hotel the Wynn feels vast and dark.We stayed in the tower suites, which is really worth the extra dollar if you want more of a personalised service, the private lobby itself was like wow.The rooms are off the clock, the high end materials are magnificent, the furnishings fantastic, bathroom sumptious. Ive stayed in top end properties accross the world, trust me , this hotel is a bargain !Cant wait to return	
Sep 9 2009 	BEWARE OF BLATANT UPSELLS 	Steve Wynn apparently has his first failure on his hands. Why else would he authorize his entire front desk staff to use cheesy laminated photographs of his hotel rooms — strategically shot to showcase views — and encourage them to blatantly lie and enhance the truth in an attempt to squeeze hotel guests for $25 or more extra per night beyond the rate they agreed to pay? Outside of Las Vegas, we call this BAIT &amp; SWITCH. At Encore, they'll tell you that the non-smoking room you reserved is not available, but for an UPCHARGE, you can not only have the non-carcinogenic space that you reserved and have a right to, but a better view. Or, they'll tell you that their nightclubs are VERY LOUD. How loud? So loud that the room you booked will be thumping until 4AM. So . . . for a minor UPCHARGE, you can have a room on a higher floor (with a better view!) and save yourself the misery of being kept awake half the night.Did Wynn really build his new hotel with paper thin windows and walls? And if he did, does the music really need to be so loud? Are nightclub guests more coveted than hotel guests?The poor management of this property has infuriated numerous guests to the point that they will not return. Short sighted attempts to squeeze $25 more per night out of guests who fall for the trickery is unethical at best and illegal at worst.It's a sad, sad day that someone of Mr. Wynn's status - and such a beautiful property as Encore - has stooped so low. This reviewer will never return to this immoral property and encourages all readers to stay at one of Mr. Wynn's former properties, now owned and operated by MGM Mirage, including Bellagio or The Mirage, or one of the three hotels at Mandalay Bay.DON'T GET RIPPED OFF!	
Sep 8 2009 	Best Casino Hotel on the Strip	In my opinion it’s difficult to deliver high quality service in a large hotel. The operational &amp; staffing requirements are as challenging as launching the Space Shuttle. On the Strip in Las Vegas (other than the Four Seasons) service is usually Job # 3 (entertainment &amp; gambling are #2 and #1). Encore, during my stay, was a pleasant surprise. Tower suite was large &amp; spotless. It even had a private massage room, a first for me but alas you had to call for a masseuse. Check-in was efficient, flexible and friendly. Mr. Wynn has a talent for staffing. There are pretty people, competent people, nice people, and fun people working at Encore. The gentleman manning the Tower elevator lobby had the bearing of a polished diplomat. Housekeeping and room service was flawless. SW was great, plus it provides an excellent view of the light show. Bartollota serves fish as tasty and fresh as anything found in the Med. The Euro pool was a great place to catch some rays and had some top notch “viewing”. I was up a grand at one point but ended only a hundred down. It was worth it. A great stay and a great value	
Sep 8 2009 	Great time!	Had a great time staying at Encore. Check in was a breeze. Service was great. Room and view was unreal.	
Sep 7 2009 	Only free thing is the air you breathe - I think?	Great hotel with some very helpful and professional staff. The only smug lot being the ones on the entry for XS, Blush, etc. Odd that staying in the Tower Suites (which gets you a privilege red door card!!) doesn't entitle you to much else. No free internet and not even entry to the hotel's clubs??? Mr Wynn sure knows how to part you from your cash! Maybe it was the repair bill for that Picasso! Rooms good and food in Sinatra's, Wazuzu and Southside Cafe all good quality. Alex restaurant hugely expensive for what would not pass as Michelin quality in Europe! Great fun though!	
Sep 7 2009 	Beautiful!	My husband and I stayed at Encore August 29th through September 1st. We checked in on Saturday at noonish with maybe a 5 minute wait. We had a $109 per night rate. They wanted to put us the 7th floor but offered for $20 more a night she could upgrade us to a panoramic room. We went ahead and said OK. We ended up with a north view of downtown, Riviera, Circus Circus, etc. on the 61st floor....definitely not worth the extra $20 per night. I now think the 7th floor would have been just fine. We also had a $50 resort credit to use during out stay. In Encore/Wynn we ate at the Terrace Pointe Cafe, Sugar and Spice, The Drugstore, and we were comped two buffets on our last day. My husband went to the spa for a massage one morning. We bought coffee, drinks, soda, etc. during our stay. What I am trying to say is, we did spend money inside the property but upon checkout we could not figure out where they applied the $50 resort credit. When I asked about it after receiving our final bill, she assured me it had been taken off. I asked to see where and she acted annoyed...but printed out a short receipt showing me where it had been applied but told me I could not have a copy of it. The credit had actually been applied to the room rate. Very strange. Anyway, we really liked our room. It was very beautiful. We didn't have slippers or turn down service either but everything else about it was so nice. We wore our robes while in the room. We even saw an older man with his bathrobe on in the hotel bar/coffee shop right when you get off the elevators!The casino area was very nice too, quiet but nice. We didn't do well with our slot play in Encore or Wynn or any where. It was not a profitable trip but we certainly enjoyed the stay. We saw LOVE at the Mirage Sunday night and I have to say it is the best show I have seen in Las Vegas yet. (we have seen O, Ka, Mystere, Zumanity). If you are a Beatles music lover, you will enjoy it so much. I will say Encore is too far up the strip for our liking. I don't think we would stay here again unless the offer/rate was really, really low again. We stayed at Wynn two years ago and would stay there over Encore in the future, again, only if the rate was low. Beautiful property, beautiful rooms, beautiful pools, staff could have been a bit friendlier.	
Sep 6 2009 	Beautiful 5 star hotel but with 4 star service!	I would certainly recommend the Encore - The rooms are huge and luxurious and it feels like every detail has been accounted for. For such a highly rated hotel however, the service is relatively poor. I arrived at the hotel in an oversized vehicle and was advised that the Wynn would account for the parking. This wasn't a hassle as the Wynn is next door. However on arrival at the Wynn, we were sitting in our vehicle and told to wait by hotel staff (approx 30 mins) for them only to tell us to go back to the Encore and park their. Cutting the long story short, we wanted a quick check in after a long journey and it took us over an hour overall to be instructed on where to park. Furious at this point, we proceeded to make a complaint at check in only to be told that the manager could not speak to us. When we were finally spoken to, we were given very little compensation at firsat but were eventually given $100 worth of food coupons and late check out...The maid service is poor and we had to phone twice on a 3 night stay and request they clean our rooms.However despite the above, the hotel design and its facilities are amazing and i certainly would recommend it to anyone seeking an opulant Vegas experience. If you do arrive in an RV...GOOD LUCK!!!	
Sep 5 2009 	Blows your mind away	Book it! Now. If you are staying in Las Vegas, there simply is not alternative. None. The Encore is simply incredible - fact. I had never heard of Steve Wynn before we booked and stayed at this hotel and now I have something of an obsession. This guy talks a lot about notions and cabanas, and taking things to another level. This hotel is just that - another level. The rooms are huge, the views amazing - the pool is like something out of Hugh Hefners mansion, the casino is both intimate and exciting. The restaurants are brilliant. It helps we won a lot of money compliments of Mr Wynn, but that aside this raises the bar of Vegas accomodation. It is joined to the Wynn, Steve's previous attempt at the &quot;new Vegas&quot;, which in itself is as incredible as you could hope for. It's less like a hotel, more like an experience. Take a walk down the strip, try the Palazzo or the Bellagio - they're nice, sure. But you will always want to head back to the Wynn and the Encore, because they are the best. XS nightclub, Tryst or Blush - they make the rest blush. It's quite simple. Book the Encore, pay the extra and come back and write a review like this. Believe me, you will. This place rocks.	
Sep 5 2009 	Encore lives up to its name!!!	Last August my wife and I spent 4 nights at the Wynn and absolutely loved it. This year with some apprehension we decided to try Encore. All we can say is WOW!!! Steve Wynn and his staff are the best hoteliers in Vegas. It was once the Bellagio, It is now Encore/Wynn This is the classiest most incredible hotel in Las Vegas and one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. I have experienced quite a few Vegas hotels including the Bellagio and Venetian and neither come close. In a nutshell.. Gorgeous and Massive rooms, Fantastic Pools (toppless and DJ on weekends), Awesome service from the front desk to the casino and pool drink service, Great restaurants throughout the Wynn property, Natural light throughout the Casino and lobbys makes it feel light and happy unlike any other Vegas hotel/casino, the place is so clean it looks as though they vacumed the carpet every 5 minutes. One downfall...bring your bank its not cheap but none of the Big Vegas Hotels are anyway. Definately the best hotel stay I have ever had I highly recomend it to the 30 - 40 year old husband and wife or groups of friends.	
Sep 4 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	We recently stayed at the Encore Las Vegas. We had a nice trip and we were happy with the hotel and the service. When we arrived at the hotel it was around 6pm so they didn’t have anymore king rooms available (even though that is what I had reserved). They told me that they don’t guarantee any room type. It was a Saturday when we checked in and that is there busiest night so I put in a request for a room change the next day. We got to our room which was on the 18th floor facing the Wynn/strip. We couldn’t really see the strip because the Wynn blocks the view. We could also see the pools from our room. We thought the room was very big tons of open space. The one negative for the room with the double bed was that I could hear the club from our room. Just the base sound and it lasted until at least 3am. The next morning around 8am we looked out the window at the pool and noticed that people were starting to get seats. So we moved quickly and went down to the pool so we could grab a seat with an umbrella. There were about 8 umbrellas spread out around the pool area (you don’t have to pay for these umbrellas…I read somewhere in a previous post or on the forum that you had to pay for the umbrella per day this was not the case). The European pool didn’t have any umbrellas unless you rented a cabana. So we used the other pool all week and got to the pool early to grab an umbrella. We did walk over to the Wynn pool since Encore guest have access to those pools as well. They also have two pools (one regular pool and one European pool). I didn’t notice any umbrellas over there but a lot more shaded area from trees. The pool at the Encore has drink and food service. When you get your towels there is a menu you can grab and there are girls taking orders all day. They food was basically just sandwiches (starting at around $9 or $10 per sandwich nothing else is included). After we were finished at the pool we went back to the room and called the front desk about switching rooms since we hadn’t heard anything. They did have a king bed available on the 38th floor on the other side of the hotel. The view wasn’t great on that side either but at least we didn’t hear the club. The king room is definitely smaller than the double bed rooms but overall it is still a really nice room. One nice thing is that the Encore and the Wynn are connected so you don’t have to go outside to get to one or the other. This was also very helpful since it was so hot we always cut through the Wynn so we didn’t have to be out in the heat as long. We ate at the Wynn buffet one night and it was $39 per person. They do have a large section of different types of food and a large section of desserts. I personally thought it was a little overpriced but it’s the Wynn so its kind of expected to pay that price. The casino was very nice and clean. The pay outs weren’t that great. Advice: Bring good walking shoes because you will do a lot of walking especially since the Encore is all the way at the end of the strip by the Fashion Mall. Also be prepared to spend a decent amount of money in Vegas. One afternoon we did a lot of walking and it was hot and we got thirsty. We stopped in I believe it was Bellagio to get a drink and for 1 small bottle of Fiji water and 1 fountain ice tea it was $10…kind of steep but we were thirsty and needed a drink before we could get to CVS. I would definitely stock up at Walgreens, CVS or ABC on snacks and drinks to save money. Overly all we had a great time in Vegas and enjoyed our stay at the Encore.	
Sep 3 2009 	EXCELLENT EXCELLENT EXCELLENT	I have stayed at several Hotels in Vegas and have enjoyed most of them; however, nothing compares to the Wynn/Encore.This is one of the few times where I am completely speechless.Loved It...This is my new permanent VegasHotel Destination	
Sep 2 2009 	Fantastic Hotel that lets itself down..!!!	The Encore hotel is a beautiful hotel but I feel it is not exactly what it claims to be.Im a huge reader of Tripadvisor and every bad comment made on here about this hotel is correct.We had 2 seperate stays at this hotel during our trip to USA which amounted to 14 nights total at the Encore.The housekeeping we found to be very poor, after 4 days there were still food crumbs on the carpet that were there when we had checked into our room,we had complained 3 times and eventually my hubby left a note on the pillow for the maid ASKING for her to vacuum and so she did.The noise from the club REALLY is THAT BAD...Our first stay on the 34th floor and even on the 55th floor on our second stay.I think it may not be so bad if you get a room facing North.Not allowed to take any food/drinks back to your room from outside of the hotel (even a sign stating that your bags may be checked) From what I saw though, the Encore staff didnt really bother about this rule and we took plenty back to our room,still it makes you feel like a naughty school child.We received no turndown or slippers on our 14 night stay.The hotel is quite far from the main part of the Strip but having been to Vegas several times we already new this so it didnt bother us but may be something for first timers to think about.Overall the hotel is shiny and new and for me that was the appeal,it hasnt had the chance to get messed up and dirty.The rooms I think are a great size and the TV between Bedroom/lounge area is fantastic.The bathroom is clean and nice but the amenities do not get stocked up on a regular basis.We got a great deal on this hotel and overall had an enjoyable stay but I feel that it should address the issues that it has.It wants to be an amazing 5 star experience but the truth is,it falls someway below expectations and when the gloss and newness has worn off it wont really have anything going for it,that is unless you like to hear the thumping of the club noise till 3 in the morning.	
Aug 31 2009 	beautiful hotel	first let me say that vegas in august is HOT HOT HOT...so be prepared. if you dont like the heat, then august may not be the time for you to go there. however, this hotel is amazing. it is so beautiful. as with all of vegas, no expense or detail has been spared. the rooms are to die for..we are on the 61st fl with a view of the strip(damn palazzo hotel blocked the other half of our view!!). elevators are quick and always there. the mosaic tiles in this hotel and the flowers are to die for. besides checking in which took a little longer than it should have, service inside the hotel was great. we liked this hotel for many reasons. it was at the end of the strip so it was quieter. the hotel was def quieter(we went to the mirage and could not believe how crowded and loud it was). someone asked if being that far down made a difference-to us it didnt. we had to take a cab anyway bc it was so hot so it didnt matter. again-we liked that it was quieter than most hotels. and dont get me wrong-its still loud and there is plenty to do, but its so far out of the way that you dont get a lot of looky loos...we spent 3 days at the pool. i was not in love. i hate that i had to get up at the crack up dawn to get a chair. i was up anyway-but i hated that if i got down there past 10am that the odds of me not getting a chair were quite great. the music was very loud. in the afternoons the pool got so crowded that you couldnt move. the waitresses looked cute-but they were not the sharpest knife in the drawer. the buffet in this hotel(it is actually in the wynn but it is connected) is not to be believed. we love breakfast buffets and this is probably the best one that i have been too-and i have been to my share..we went to a few of the resturants in the hotels-i think we went to about 5 of them-and the only one that had decent service was society cafe(frosted flake french toast-there is nothing like it!!). no one that works in any of these places is in a rush-so if you are looking to just grab something quick-good luck.another plus is that the hotel is across the street from the fashion show mall(big plus for me). they have everything. so when someone steals your flip flops from the pool, you can easily run across the street and buy new ones!!it is a lovely place and i think that everyone should at least visit once!	
Aug 28 2009 	Great hotel - much better than bellagio etc.	We have been to vegas many times and this is the first time at the Wynn Encore. We stayed there on a recommendation from another friend, and it does not disappoint. This hotel is beautiful, the rooms are large and very well decorated. The beds and bath are very comfortable. It has great restaurants, nice pool, great shops, etc. We will definitely stay there again. in reference to other 'luxury' hotels on the strip, I think others have gone down market in both appearance and service (example paris is tired, bellagio is not as good since it became an mgm property, etc). The encore is truly lovely.	
Aug 28 2009 	One of the Best Hotels in My Experience	I've stayed in many hotels this year. One of the best was the Grand Bretagne. (400-600 Euros per night) in Athens Greece and my stays have included mostly Fairmonts in the United States and Canada. We have also stayed at the Venetian and Bellagio as well as others on the strip.I would rate the Encore as the top hotel! I felt the staff and service was excellent and the room incredible. The layout and technology of the room was superb. You open/close drapes, lights etc. from a console beside your bed and the telephone system is state of the art. The hotel is superbly decorated and has a wonderful quiet ambience.There are fewer restaurants in this hotel but the Wynn is a short walk away through a beautiful mall. But having said that, we ate at the Society &quot;Cafe&quot; for many of our meals and found this eatery to be one of the best restaurants we have been to in a long time. I say that having spent Restaurant week in New York in July and after eating at many gourmet restaurants there. The food and service was absolutely superb. They have breakfast, lunch dinner and even a tapas menu for snacks. All prepared in a gourmet form with impressive service. The decor of this restaurant is wonderful.We found the food overall to be great, even at the smaller take out outlet or room service.We found the service by the front desk and guest services, concierge to be top notch. Spent much time by the pool and it was fun and open. The place overall is very clean and the air to be the best of any Vegas hotel we have stayed at.We found that we had very personalized service in every respect. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 25 2009 	Nice Hotel Location View - but not staying there again..	Read MANY reviews before stay because we are very picky about the rooms/bed. Upon arrival, we could not check in to hotel because of network issues. Had been down an hour before we were there and lasted another 3 hours. Once checked in, went to check out the room. Looked awesome, better than any other rooms we had stayed in. That evening pulled back the covers and there was a two stains on sheets and a few hairs which make me sick to think about it. It was so late we had not choice but to sleep on them. Cool buttons on outside of door that tell cleaners if you want privacy or room cleaned. Of course we wanted sheets cleaned. That night pulled back covers (bed was made) and same sheets!! It was 3am but we went to complain anyway. Hotel mgr said thier policy is to not change the sheets unless we request. We put in a request for each day to be clean sheets. Was very mad and decided to just keep sheets didn't want them in our room so we selected &quot;privacy&quot;.. well they came in our room anyway and made the bed.. DID NOT CHANGE SHEETS AS REQUESTED BY HOTEL MGR.. Seems like all they did was make the bed and give new towels. The counters in the bathroom were not wiped or anything else - Although we liked the hotel ok, and the location was fine we will not stay here again due to the room situation and also a biggie for us - not any eating places that are &quot;normal&quot; in the hotel. why not get a food court or something in Wynn or Encore - something besides a $30 and up meal. Beautiful hotel though.. too bad..	
Aug 24 2009 	Great hotel!	We enjoyed our stay at the encore - stayed in a resort room 38th floor Aug. 13-18. The room was beautiful and comfortable. Friendly staff. Good restuarants. Yes drinks and food are pretty pricey but we expected that b/c its a 5 star resort. Highly recommend this resort. This place is also super clean- rooms and casino. Casino has great ventilation can't smell cigarette smoke. Its a large resort but not overwhelming, walking through the casino to elevators, dining, shops, clubs, ect. was rather easy.	
Aug 24 2009 	be careful with noisy rooms	I expect more from hotels like Encore which is highly rated. I was very very disappointed with our rooms because first of all....it's not a suite exactly even though the hotel advertised as a suite hotel. The room was slightly larger than regular hotel room but it is NOT a suite. Furthermore, my family stayed on 33rd floor but we can still hear music from the club downstairs. It is a bit ridiculous. When I called downstairs, there was no help at all. The people at the front desk pretty told us we are on our own. It was just so disappointing. I had good experience staying at Wynn but with this visit at Encore, I will not return...there are plenty of choices for hotels who value my family as customers.	
Aug 24 2009 	High priced	While the rooms were very nice, the casino and service were average.  The hotel had few eating places and you had to walk to the Wynn for choices.  Also, the casino is about half the size of the Wynn.  They are very tight on comping your room.  While we ran up over 6000 points, we could only get about one third off our rooms.  We have stayed at many hotels in Vegas and this was the worst for comping rooms.	
Aug 24 2009 	Excellent Hotel!	My wife and I stayed at the Wynn Encore for four nights starting August 15, 2009. We drove there so had a car for getting around Vegas which made our trip much better. The hotel, including their parking garage are first rate. We had no line when we first got to the checkin counter at 2:30 pm, however, our room was not ready until 4:30, so we just enjoyed a hotel lounge by the pool for a bit, no big deal. The room was fabulous. We've stayed at the Venetian, Caesars, MGM, etc. before and the Wynn Encore rooms are the best so far the rate we paid. The rooms were very clean, well appointed and very quiet. We would stay at Wynn Encore again, as long as the rate was within reason and comparable to discounted Venetian rates.	
Aug 24 2009 	Beautiful hotel....too large and busy to provide any real service	The Encore is one of the newest hotels on &quot;The Strip&quot;, and it shows. The property is beautiful, fresh and shiny. What really took my breath away was the generous size of the room and the floor-to-ceiling windows that provided stunning views 24-hours-a-day. Despite our uninspiring view (of the old end of The Strip and the desert landscape), the windows always gave us the opportunity to spot something of interest. The hotel is, of course, obscenely large and it takes a day or two to learn the layout. This is the first time I have stayed at a brand new hotel in Vegas and it was wonderful to enjoy the untarnished experience.This, like most other Vegas hotels, is large, bustling and very impersonal. There is absolutely no attention-to-detail in service here and be prepared for waits - we waited close to 30 minutes to check-in at the absolutely chaotic front desk. I have never seen such s sight. On a bright note, the gentleman who checked us in, Magnus, was warm, welcoming and offered a smile and friendly conversation. We were also shocked by the limited hours of the hotel's business center (Mon thru Fri), which made it a pain to check-in for our flight.Overall, we loved our stay. This is a beautiful hotel in a quiet end of The Strip; but just remember that you won't get any personal service - you will just be a number.	
Aug 23 2009 	good hotel but expensive. Be prepared to wait and to walk	Arrived at 1:30pm on Sunday. Yes, I know check in time is 3 pm, but called the hotel prior to arrival and they said they would make a note requesting an early check in. Upon arriving, I was not the only one who desired to check in early, there were huge lines at registration, and it took me about 45min to speak to an agent, only to be told that the room was not yet ready and I would receive a call when it was. Got my room at 3:30pm, but it had been a long wait and there isn't much you can do when you are stuck with some luggage. Room is beautiful, casino is small but nice, food is expensive, also by the pool, but we had a very good dinner at the society cafe. We would have liked to have an affordable dining option within the hotel, now we went to the Superlux cafe at the Palazzo, which serves decent food for a good price. be aware that you will have to walk to go to the strip, first to the Wynn and through it's casino and shops, then you will see more beautiful (and expensive) shops before you get to see the daylight. Mind that you are not on the center of the strip, i.e. if you want to walk to the MGM, it will take you 45min. I wanted to try the excersise room, but the cost is $ 30 a day, which includes use of the Spa. I do not want to use the Spa, just the fitness, but that would still be 30 dollars, so no excersise for me while in Vegas! At checkout there was a line again, and it took me 20 minutes. The clerk was very apologetic, and told me the management is aware of the long line issue. Valet had my car up in 10 minutes, which was not bad. All in all, I would stay here again if I found a good rate, but for my next visit, I might give the Palazzo a try.	
Aug 22 2009 	Beautiful Room	I stayed at the Encore for two nights. The room was one of the most beautiful I've stayed in, on par with the Venetian but more cool feeling. It was large, very modern and hip, a gorgeous granite bathroom with shower and tub, and the floor to ceiling window made the room feel other-worldly. It was great to walk into the room.It's true that the wireless internet and gym cost extra, but this is standard at many luxury hotels, especially in Vegas. Also, the room was a little noisy at night with the sound of dance music coming from somewhere, but this didn't bother me. I didn't use the pool or other amenities, so I can't rate those. Overall service was great with no complaints.One note, if a gym and health are important to you, the Trump has a free gym and in room kitchen, which is very nice. But if style is your main concern, Encore can't be beat.	
Aug 20 2009 	Very nice but unless you get great rate- go to Wynn or Palazzo	We recently spent 4 nights at the Encore. Our previous stays in Vegas have been Wynn, Planet Hollywood, Palazzo, Westin, etc. We stayed at the Encore because we had received a great promotion, and at rate we had, we would consider going back. However, if rate was higher would not as we felt overall extra cost would not be worth it. Room was very nice as per previous reviews. We were upgraded to higher floor, panoramic windows, for an additional $25 per day. Casino is small, food at restaurants was expensive and quality not as good as expected. Checkin was quick but hotel was not anywhere near fully booked. Staff were nice, however we found staff at Wynn to be better. Drink service in Casino was slow compared to elsewhere. Location was fine for us at my wife likes to shop and Fashion Mall is across the street and Outlet is short cab fare away, However if you want to go to mid-strip area it is quite a walk. Overall- hotel roms are a plus, pool is fine although we liked Wynn;s better. If you want an upscale hotel and you can get good rate, consider the Encore. If rates go up- look at Wynn or Palazzo or even the new Vdara this fall	
Aug 20 2009 	The Encore will get an encore from me	We loved the Encore! Check-in was quick. It looked a bit chaotic at the check-in counter, but we just waited about 5 mins. We loved the style/decor/furnishings of the suite and even of the hallways. They paid attention to detail that made it really special: the doorbell, the Privacy Please and Make Up Room buttons that you push instead of the hanging doorsigns, your name on the phone lcd screen and the Bambu toiletries.The reason i didn't give this the full five points is because i like the location of the Wynn better (closer to the mall), but that's just me.	
Aug 18 2009 	Couldnt beat it for what we payed!	First I should say we got this room free. We are usually more frugal and choose to blow our money in the casino and not the room, where we are very rarely at. With that said, it was a great room. Probably the nicest I've stayed in. All the amenities you'd want and fancy. All rooms are suites. It makes you want to stay in the room. The casino is just another casino, a little high on the stakes for me. The pool is great but the hours suck. In Vegas in the summer, lots of daylight left and they kick you out at 8 pm. I would not stay here again at their regular price, but give me a deal and I would. Recommend it if you like plush.	
Aug 18 2009 	They Wynn--you Lose	My husband &amp; I did the Encore for a friend's 50th bday &amp; my bday partying. Trip started nice &amp; I had read all of the neg reviews but wanted to go into the trip w/ good intentions--that was thrown out the door by the first evening. There were 9 couples that traveled w/ us &amp; we all stayed @ the Encore on the same floor, but we still didnt have enough comp for anything. (You need to spend at least 30k in the casino to receive any comp...) First off, the air conditioner didn't work during our 4 day stay (the ave temp in Vegas @ the time was about 100 outside.) We complained &amp; they brought up a service man (@ 8:30am on Sat morning mind you--so much for sleeping in) &amp; he 'documented' that he fixed it, but we continued to be uncomfortable &amp; woke up hot several times in during night(s). Property is just beautiful, I will give them that. Mr. Wynn attends to fine detail; the decoration/design is very impressive &amp; just fabulous. Wish I was as rich as Mr. Wynn!Reality Checks: (and we're not the complaining type ...) Other than the a/c issue, our room wasn't cleaned for 2 days. They even sent up a maid to work out an alternative time for her to come back &amp; but she never returned! Really! Greg Goose &amp; Red bull in the casino - $27 bucks; Diet coke by the pool - $7 bucks (come on); the 21 &amp; older pool simply does not have enough chairs for all the guests and my guess is that they do that purposely. You're not allowed to hold a chair for longer than 30 mins either. Laying by the pool was a pain in the buttock; it's basically a lounge where folks wear bathing suits and pretend their all models. The pool scene is totally plastic. The cabanas are rented out for $500/day; same w/ the chairs/lounges near the pool, they will set you back about $400-$600 depending which lounge you're reserving. The pool waitstaff is clearly more interested in assisting a celebrity that happens to be there rather than getting the average guest anything from the bar. And don't bother bringing booz from your room to the pool; they'll bite you're head off! Turkey sand @ the pool is definitely overpriced; go to Subway if you want a tightly wrapped sandwich in plastic. The chips &amp; guac were a joke @ 10 bucks and little more than nothing. And of course the famous bait &amp; switch room charge runs rampid during checkout. Every one of this 9 couple gang had problems checking out &amp; having the hotel guarantee the advertised rate during the summer promotion ($119 promised; $169 charged.) Just remember to bring your email confirmation. We found the staff pretty condesending. We heard rumors that the reason the hotel staff is so rude b/c management treats them that way so that's why they take it out on the guests. Ya know what, I really don't care, just serve me b/c I paid for it! Basically, we thought this property was pretty high on itself. We won't be coming back no matter what the taxi drivers/locals said about Mr. Wynn priding himself on customer service b/c this place didn't have it. Stay somewhere else, you'll save yourself some $$ and have a much better time. On another note, my husband &amp; I were shocked to see so many young children @ this adult playground. Why would you bring your kid to Las Vegas? We didn't get it cuz it's not a place for kids at all.	
Aug 17 2009 	Almost but not quite...	The Encore is a clean, decent hotel owned by Steve Wynn. It resembles the Belagio in certain ways but comes up short. As an adjunct to the Wynn it really doesn't have it's own distinct identity. Yes there are butterflies on just about everything but no defining personality. The pools are fine but not over the top like you expect in Vegas. They look as though they are part of a hotel built in the 70's or a nice &quot;motel&quot; Both pools were extremely crowded and both blasted loud annoying music non-stop. In fact, everywhere you went throughout the hotel there was the same loud, incessant music. It felt like a bad party where the host tried to compensate by blasting music.We stayed in the tower section of the hoel, which means you have a special entrance (less crowded) and seperate elevators. The actual &quot;tower&quot; is in the same building but double doors block off the rest of the hallway from the &quot;regular&quot; hotel. The suite was large and clean and new. Floor to ceiling windows looked out at an abandoned construction sight and parking lot. Remember this was from a top floor in the front of the hotel. Most other places I've stayed in Las Vegas all featured exciting views of the strip... so one has a sense of being out of the action. The truth is you are. The Wynn and the Encore are at the far end of the strip so that visiting most other casino's means a cab ride. As far as service goes it was well intentioned but off. For example, housekeeping would knock on our door despite our &quot;privacy please&quot; sign. In fact none of the hotel employees seemed to respect the &quot;do not disturb&quot;. The engineering department merely knocked and entered,despite the DND and even though I made it clear when I called them to please wait until dinner time to come fix the electric curtains. By the way, from the time we checked in, the curtains were either stuck open or stuck closed. The engineers would come up tell us everything was working properly and leave. It was frustrating trying to sleep with the sunlight streaming in when they were stuck open or sitting in a darkened room during the afternoon. There was also a sense of some of their guest being more special than others. One day we entered a room off the tower checkin area. It was supposedly a VIP area for tower suite guests. They offered soft drinks and snacks throughout the day. We walked in and were asked to show our special red tower suite cards. I felt slightly taken aback and embarrassed because the guard asked us in a rather loud voice in front of other guests. When we showed our cards we were told we needed to have a special gold star on our card in order to enter. We were forced to leave. It just made us feel tacky and not &quot;special&quot; enough. Anyway, bottom line: everything at the Encore was fine but not great. Nothing terrible but nothing really terrific.	
Aug 16 2009 	Almost too quite	Just got back from a 4 day stay at the Encore/Wynn. Both hotels are well maintained, staffed. There wasn't a lot of activity at either hotel in the casino area. Never had to wait for a seat/place at a blackjack or craps table. Min tables were $15(still not crowded). Lots of 21+ passing by in the evening going to the clubs. Great place if you just want to relax and play a little, without interacting with anyone..	
Aug 14 2009 	Exceptional Customer Service - Awesome Room but would not return!	We visit Vegas two times a year and I love staying at nice hotels. We have stayed at the Wynn and I loved it. We got an unbelievable deal for $99 a night so we decided to try the Encore. We arrived, asked for a higher up floor and received it no problem. So past posts talked about them not honoring your price, we had NO problem with that but I had an email confirmation that I demanded from Encore public relations just to make sure but I didnt need the confirmation. We arrived to our suite and it was awesome! Of course the bed was a Wynn bed which if you haven't slept in one you are missing something. Best night of sleep ever!!! Room decor was tasteful - my husband was making fun of the donut looking picture of O's but the room was lovely. The customer service was excellent from the maids in the halls greeting you and even the maintanance man in the elevator apologizing for delaying our trip to the casino when he entered and hit a floor several below ours. At the pool we found seats right away, in fact we were surprised at how UNcrowded the pool was. We set up and within about 30 minutes pool staff went around offering FREE iced bottles of water and FREE fresh cut up fruit. That was a first and wow it was awesome on a 100+ day in early August. Very impressed with everyone greeting - like Disney customer service. Later that night after a night of activities we arrived back at Encore and wanted a snack. They only have one &quot;coffee shop&quot; which is actually a bar and the prices were wayyyy too much for just fries and a ceasar salad. While the customer service and quality was good, this is when I missed being at a hotel that had an averaged priced &quot;coffee shop&quot;. Also buffets and walk to Wynn was okay but a bit longer than I expected. Encore is way down the strip so I missed being more centrally located. Overall the entire staff and hotel is top notch, the slots were sooo tight couldnt win a thing but it was a beautiful hotel. I wouldnt do it again due to location on the strip, lack of &quot;down to earth&quot; eateries or snacking and high price of food/items at Encore. May try Palazzo next or go back to Belligio but for class and beauty, Wynn and Encore are awesome!	
Aug 13 2009 	Great hotel but not great service	My husband and I invited some family to stay at the Encore for one week. In the past we've been at the Wynn many times, at least once/year since it opened.Since they were our guests, all rooms were recorded under his name.The last day we wanted to treat the women of the group with a massage. We booked the spa treatments, all five of us, under my husband's last name, giving different first names, because it was simpler. The lady at the reception - Yulia - informed us that my husband was the only one who could charge the treatments to the room, but that we could have paid with credit cards. No problem.At the time of the treatment, coming directly from the pool where we spent the day, we were informed we needed IDs to be able to pay with the credit card. The same credit card had been accepted in the restaurants during the week, to pay for dinners much more expensive than the treatments we booked - no question asked.The lady at the SPA reception - Isabel - insisted that &quot;it was the law&quot; that they requested an ID with a credit card. I reminded her that it's not &quot;the law&quot;, but AT MOST a policy of the hotel...policy that didn't seem to apply consistently in all places.Plus, the reason I use credit cards is EXACTLY because my purchases are protected and if there is a misuse I can deny the charge. Checking the document is of some use ONLY for the hotel, to protect itself and to avoid paying the credit card fraud insurance.We weren't walking into the spa from nowhere. We were residing in the hotel, we provided all the information at booking time, and the lady who took our reservation should have told us we needed to have a document with the Credit Card, since I don't carry all my documents when I go to the pool and I leave my bag unattended.Anyway, she was quite determined and not even the intervention of the SPA supervisor, Matt, resolved the problem. No document, no treatment.We were so outraged that we decided to cancel the treatment and forget about it. That's not the way faithful clients should be treated.We tried to complain to the hotel Manager, Christina, who wasn't rude, but she was icy, less than supportive and totally unapologetic. She should be fired even just for her dismissive attitude. To add insult to injury, our room was charged 50% of the cost of the treatments, since that's their cancellation policy. Now, someone has to explain to me how they could do THAT without any authorization, but they couldn't charge the whole amount?Fortunately, after we complained (and spent another hour trying to get hold AGAIN of Christina, who at that point didn't even remember the issue), these charges were removed from our bill.Other level of service complaints, mentioned also by others:- horrible long lines for check in and check out- noisy rooms- Housekeeping servicing the room adjacent to ours in the middle of the night, including vacuuming Too bad because we love the property, we like the pool and we think that, by changing the attitude of some employees (the hotel manager in the first place), it would be a perfect spot for a Vegas holiday.	
Aug 11 2009 	Steve got this one right – this place is a 10 out of 5!!!	Gorgeous. Absolutely breathtaking. There wasn’t a single flaw that I could find at the Encore. Ok, maybe one … we couldn’t find breakfast at 5a after a long night at Tryst and on the casino floor. But, then again, we could have been slightly impaired in our quest. At the Encore, you have access to the best rooms (décor, comfort), the hottest clubs (XS, Tryst), fantastic restaurants (Sinatra, Society, …), tables at all $$$ levels, high end shopping, amazing pools (topless if you’d like as well), isolated cabanas, one of the best spas in Vegas and spectacular views (if you’re room is south-facing, you can’t beat it). Steve Wynn definitely got this one right. I’ve also stayed at the Wynn, and there is a very big difference (admittedly, I wasn’t the biggest Wynn fan – felt it was dated and disconnected). The Encore is Vegas’s crown jewel. And … for those who may be splurging on the room … there is a Walgreens and small (budget) shopping center within walking distance in case you happen to have an emergency need and don’t want to pay for it dearly. If you want to do Vegas right, this is the place to do it. If you want to do Vegas on a tight budget, this might not be right for you ... but I've stayed at other (cheaper) hotels in Vegas and (trust me) you will have a very different experience. For the price, for the experience, for the luxury … I highly recommend the Encore. Worth every penny.	
Aug 10 2009 	Heavenly	My husband and I recently returned from five luxurious nights at the Encore at Wynn. We absolutely loved staying there! We based our decision to stay there after reading the tripadvisor reviews. We are in our early 30s and were celebrating our anniversary. We are both well travelled travellors who enjoy the finer things in life. From the moment we checked in until we departed, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Check in was quick and the employee was extremely pleasant.The hotel and grounds are beautiful and immaculate. There are people constantly cleaning whereever you walk on the property. We stayed in a standard room on the 35th floor. It had a king bed, couch, desk, flat screen and gorgeous marble bathroom. There was a frameless shower and a large rectangular separate bath tub. We were very pleased with the accomodation.The restaurants at Encore and Wynn are fabulous! However, be prepared to pay for the beautiful ambience and delicious food. Most nights our bill game to $250. We researched all the restaurants on Trip Advisor before going on vacation. The best ones seemed to be at the Wynn and Encore. Needless to say, we made all our reservations at the restaurants there! SW steakhouse is out of this world. It overlooks the lake of dreams where they have light shows every 20 minutes. The filet was so tender I barely had to cut it.We also dined at Bartolotta. (Italian Seafood). The seafood is flown in daily from Italy. It was also beautiful. The food was great. What made it an interesting night is that we sat at a table next to Steve Wynn, his girlfriend Adrianna and two other couples they were with.Another night we ate at Switch. It is unique because the music , walls, and chandeliers actually switch every 20 minutes or so! We ordered the seafood platter for $85 for two and it was incredible!!!We also ate at Botero. It overlooks the pool and seems to be a bit more casual (but that doesn't mean cheaper!) The food was delicious. It seems to be more of a hip place to dine. If you like to people watch... then Encore is the place. Encore definitely attracts upscale people including the stars!Beyonce was performing at the hotel when we were there. Two days in a row we saw David Spade and Hugh Jackman sitting in the cabanas at the Encore pool.I saw Beyonce's mom walking in the hotel shop corridor one day!We went to the spa at Encore. It is gorgeous. Intricate gold and marble decor. The actual massage treatment rooms are nothing special though. All the attendants are RMTS.The only con of our trip was that for the first two days we had luke to cold water for showering. I called to the front desk and they replied they would send up an engineer???? (who never showed up) However, the rest of the stay the showers were hot.We would definitely return to Encore in a heart beat!	
Aug 10 2009 	Over the Top!	My husband and I stayed three nights at Encore in late April. Based on advice from this forum we asked for a top floor room and paid an upgrade charge of $25.00 for a room on the 63rd floor. The views were awesome. The room is huge with livingroom furniture, desk and chair, bedroom area is separated by a wall with cutout which holds the large flat screen tv which swivels. Decor is modern and absolutely beautiful. Large bathroom, robes, deep tub, tv, separate shower stall, double sinks. The Hotel/Casino staff are wonderful and the ambiance is restrained and very relaxing. Views of the pool area from the casino. Stunning art work starting with the laurel tree/Daphne sculpture in the lobby/bar/cafe. Enjoyed the spa very much - reasonable day rate - $30. It is a must see. We wanted to see more of the strip so we switched rooms for our last night from 6344 to 6220 and we very happy we did. Housekeeping in the first room was not what you expect in a 5 star hotel but in Room 6220 the housekeeping was outstanding; our room was tidied up several times in one day. We definitely look forward to returning to the Encore at the next earliest opportunity.	
Aug 9 2009 	Will Always Stay At The Wynn or Encore	Absolutely beautiful, elegant decor and landscaping. Casinos are smaller, more intimate, classier, and less crowded than most of the other hotels. We've stayed at other hotels on the strip and love the Wynn/Encore's location. If you walk down the strip, once you get past the Venetian, the area gets a bit run down and the sidewalks far more crowded. Also, we have several restaurants at the Fashion Show Mall we enjoyed. It's too expensive to eat at the Wynn when you're paying for 3 (semi-adult) children. Recommend Stripburger, Cafe Baba Reeba (1/2 price tapas and Sangria Mon-Thur. 4-7), and the food court on the 3rd level if you have teenagers. We had a great lunch at the Capitol Grill which is also at the mall. A bit pricey but well worth it (great service and food) when compared to a couple of the restaurants we tried at the Wynn/Encore. Don't buy any basics, wine or beer at the hotel. The markup is horrible. We lucked out and found a Walgreens and a liquor store just 1 block (north?) going towards the Sahara hotel. There were a couple of nice touches we noticed at the Wynn. The coffee/pastries shop is right off the elevator. We'd get coffee, food, and a newspaper and take it out to the pool which opens at 8AM. There is also free ice water and servers offer free small cups of fruit. Every employee was very helpful and pleasant to deal with. Tip-If you have stayed at the Wynn before and used your red card to gamble next time you call to make a reservation ask the desk to transfer your call to &quot;Resort Marketing&quot; . They may be able to give you a better deal than the website or the front desk. It's worth a try! All in all we've been spoiled by our stays at the Wynn and the Encore. They are our hotel(s) of choice from now on.	
Aug 9 2009 	Applause for the Encore...	My wife and I normally go to Las Vegas at least once every year and normally stay at the Venetian. However, for our anniversary we decided to try the Encore. I actually booked this four night trip in November of last year using all American Express Membership Reward Points so this was a free trip! I had been saving all my points for years and wanted this to be really special.We arrived in Vegas on Delta but unfortunately our bags did not make it with the flight and we did not actually get them until 9:00 p.m. Interestingly in the little baggage claims office the guy ahead of me was one of the Jonas Brothers. I had heard of the name but was clueless. They were missing several garment bags and a guitar and were scheduled to play at Mandalay Bay that night. The Delta agent was dutifully unimpressed. Welcome to Vegas baby!When we arrived at the Encore around 1:00 p.m. the check in desk is not busy but again this is on a Saturday; however, if you make the mistake of arriving on Sunday expect your wait to be a long time. The registration desk is surprisingly small and unassuming and almost like it was an afterthought. The desk personnel while professional were rather bland and cold and I had to ask to get a map of the property. I also inquired about getting an empty refrigerator sent to the room because I had a twelve pack of Diet Pepsi I wanted to keep cold, the hotel is a Coke property, and was told it would be a $25 a day charge. Also, be careful because if you pick up the snacks on the tray or in the mini bar in the room longer than 60 seconds your room is automatically charged. I didn’t see a price sheet anywhere but did see in the sundries shop downstairs the same items i.e. a small tin of M&amp;M’s were $10! Can you say price gouging… Lest you think I’m a tight wad, even with getting a free room my hotel bill was $1,000! We ate at several restaurants in the Encore, had lots of room service and went to the spa!Since our room was not quite ready we walked around the hotel and actually walked by than none other the man himself, Steve Wynn, in pool attire heading to the pool with a small entourage and several security personnel desperately trying to blend in. My wife missed the whole thing and it wasn’t until after he passed me that I realized who he was. Later I went up to a security personal and asked him. He grinned and said he stops by all the time. I think he actually lives in one of the villa suites at The Wynn anyway so it makes sense. We stayed on the 39th floor and the room had floor to ceiling windows and an unbelievable view of the strip. This is probably the best view I’ve ever had! It is especially beautiful at night to see the lights and fireworks from TI. The room was 700 square feet and the layout was much like in the Venetian but a little bit smaller. The bathroom was slightly smaller as well but still had a great soaking tub and walk in shower. The shower door, however, does not seal properly and even with a bath towel the floor gets soaking wet. The bed is heavenly….there is actually a Home Store in the Wynn where you can order the bed for I think around $2,900, or you can opt to buy the 300 count bed linens or the Turkish towels, the desk lamps etc. It is crazy, but it is Vegas too!Like many that review this hotel all in all this is a great place to say and yes we will be back! But be warned if you are trying to do this on a limited budget forget it.	
Aug 8 2009 	Up to expection	My girl friend and I stayed at the Encore on Jun 21 for 2 nights. Certainly this hotel is by far better than the other hotels we stayed in during our trips (Imperial Palace, 4 Queens and Fitz).- The room itself is huge, with a large washroom as well.- The hotel is relatively quiet, it had fewer guests waiting to check in compare to other hotels we had stayed in.- The hotel is new, the design is elegant.- They had pix fixe menu for most of the restaurants in Wynn and Encore (I don't know if they still have it now). We tried 'Wazuzu' in Encore, and it turns out to be a good experience- The front desk staffs were very friendly.- However, one slight problem during our stay was that we went early (around 11am) to try to check in, the front desk person told us the room was not ready and she kindly asked my cell number so that they could call me as soon as the room is ready. But at the end they never called me...- Overall, the room and the services are imperssive. For the rate of 109/night, its worth to stay.	
Aug 8 2009 	Luxury 5* Hotel and Casino	My wife and I stayed at the Wynn Enocre for a 4 night break at the begining of April. This hotel is at one end of the strip and therefore a little quieter than some of the very big resorts further up the strip. It was easy to get onto the gaming machines and tables and the bar service was quick and efficient.This hotel is amazing! From the minute we arrived to the minute we left, nothing was too much trouble for all staff that we encountered. Our room was on the 59th floor with a great view of the strip and the airport. Our bedroom was really luxurious with a massive bathroom with seperate bath, shower and a TV. The room had its own lounge area with large HD flat screen TV, big ceiling to floor windows and the most amazing bed.We visited the buffet at the Wynn next door which was the best buffet I have ever seen. The hotel has a great selection of bars and restaurants.We visited all of the mojor resorts on the strip and at no point did we wish that we had stayed at another resort. Although the Belagio did look impressive!	
Aug 8 2009 	Memorable Experience at Encore	We just returned home after 5 nights in Las Vegas at the Encore. From the moment we arrived we were mezmerized by the hotel decor. Having stayed at a few different hotels in Las Vegas, I was impressed by the fact that we didn't have to drag our bags through the whole casino in order to get to the registration desk. I find that to be very annoying and was glad that Encore was laid out differently. Our room was amazing. As Encore is a suites hotel, our suite was perfect. It looked exactly like the picture on the Internet. The only thing we couldn't preview before hand was the bathroom in our suite and again, we were pleasantly surprised. The staff were extremely friendly and attentive which only acted as a bonus to a fabulous hotel experience. The only downfall is that this is a luxury hotel, therefore, everything is expensive (a small bottle of water was $5 and $15 to use the Internet at the Business Center). Expect to pay loads of money for basic things. Other than that, it was definitely worth the stay and we highly recommend seeing the show La Reve while there and experiencing &quot;The Buffet&quot; at the Wynn. Both were amazing. In addition to this, the Spa is OUT OF THIS WORLD!!	
Aug 7 2009 	Wynn quality at its finest	Went to Vegas for a three night getaway to celebrate my wife's b-day. Decided to give Encore a shot, as I have stayed at Wynn a few times and had an offer that we could not refuse.Booked the room about 8 weeks in advance. no hassles as others have reported, no security deposit, no attempt to pressure an upgrade.Check-in went very smoothly. We were several hours early, but they had a room available. No pesky offer for a room upgrade at a special price, just a simple check in process that got us to our room quickly. The room was beautiful. Not as large as a Pallazzo or Venetian suite, but much nicer and more comfortable. Bathroom was well put together, plenty of room for both of us to bath and get ready to go out. Bedroom area was nice, although a touch small. Beds are the most comfortable I have had in Vegas, just amazing.The Casino was also top rate. I love the concept of sepating the areas of gambling with curtains, made everything feel smaller than it is. The casino never had a crowded feeling that you get from other LV properties, even when the floor was buzzing before and after Beyonce shows. Dealers were very friendly, which is a nice touch.Overall a very positive experience, will absolutely be going back.	
Aug 6 2009 	Beautiful but has its flaws...	Went here for a friends birthday. You can't deny the beautiful, artistic, and alluring look it has. We were all between 23-25 years old, hoping for a sexy, fun time. Check-in was a hassle...my friend had booked online several months earlier and at the front desk we were told there would be an additional $300 fee for security hold? I don't know, but we obliged...hesitantly. Nonetheless we went about our days with the whole Beyonce concert going on...it was a little B overload. But nice regardless. The pool is great, a separate one for adults and topless tanning. A+. The nightclub XS was beautiful...beds were deliciously comfortable and the remote control curtains and panoramic view of all of Vegas certainly made the stay all the more enjoyable. The negatives? No fridge...okay I can live with that, but no coffee maker? Come ooon...And checkout proved to be a thunderstorm on our parade. That sketchy $300? Wasn't returned...The front desk person cited it as &quot;a problem with the initial payment&quot;. So my friend wound up paying about 900 for the simple room, and has to show them cc statements of overcharges I guess..So, it was beautiful, but be cautious with the billing.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great Hotel	We checked out of The Mirage to move to Encore and I am glad we did. This hotel is first class. Had a room on the 23rd floor over looking the strip. What a view......Can't wait to go back.Cab drivers in Vegas are a holes.	
Aug 3 2009 	For the price stay at the Wynn	We have stayed up and down the strip but thought we should try the Encore this trip. Last trip I stayed at the Wynn and thought it was great. This trip we were disappointed. At check in we were told DO NOT touch the mini-bar, or put anything inside the refrigerator, or we would be automatically be charged. We were told that emphatically! We tried the restaurant &quot;Sinatra&quot; the first night and found the dinner unremarkable. We ate the rest of our meals out or at the Wynn, which has some of the best restaurants in Vegas. The decor in Encore casino and common areas is gaudy, but the rooms are fabulous.	
Aug 3 2009 	Awesome rooms beautiful hotel but very unaccommodating	Had a group of 19 staying at the hotel for wifes birthday. The Hotel is beautiful, the rooms were awesome, but the staff was not very helpful. Check in system was down when we arrived and had to wait almost an hour to check in. They offered no comps, but instead gave us a bottle of water. Check out system was down when we left as well....could not check out from room either (another long wait).Concierge was of no help. Was on the wait list for a cabana at 4 pools ($500) and never got one. They could not get us on the guest list for any of the clubs or throw us any perks. Very unaccommodating. I never heard &quot;Sorry Sir, there's nothing we can do&quot; more times in my life. Would not even give a late check out on Sunday. All in all an awesome hotel, but don't expect anyone to bend over backwards for you.	
Aug 3 2009 	Too many issues to be truly 5 star	Had issues. It began with check-in which as a previous commenter noted, was pretty bad. Lines all the time. We thought we had a reservation that was giving us a complimentary upgrade to a King Suite (had it printed out and everything). But that didn't happen. And apparently the word 'suite' is a touchy one in Vegas. The desk agent kept insisting the hotel is 'all suite' but what we got just seemed like a 'room' - albeit a large one - but a room. Big and square. I've been told that in Vegas if you get a sofa and a table, they call it a suite. I think of 'suites' as being more than one room (ie. THEHotel). We talked to other folks at the pool who had issues at check in as well. One person said they had checked in with a confirmation on a room with two queen beds, but were told at check in no two bed rooms were available and they'd have to pay $50 more for a rollaway. The front desk staff was a little dismissive of any problems/issues in general. Not the way you would expect the desk at a 5-star to behave. The whole mini-bar situation was pretty ridiculous. They have the 'snacks' on top of some kind of metal plate that seems to send a signal that you should be charged if a snack is moved and not put back in a certain amount of time. (I was warned about this and cut a wide path around the snacks and the mini-bar). The restaurants in the hotel were all very expensive - even the takeout breakfast place charged $4 for a bagel with butter. Some of the food we got was even stale. But there was a sign posted outside the elevators saying no 'off premises' food was allowed in the room. So forget takeout. Having said all this, the room itself (they can call it a suite if they want, to me it was a 'room') was very nice, the bathroom lovely and spacious. The floor to ceiling windows in the room are quite stunning. (Even if you get a room like we did above the pool area where the music from the nightclub could well keep you up till the wee hours).I'm not sure whether I'd stay here again though. It would have to be some deal I guess.	
Aug 3 2009 	Just Okay	The resort itself was very nice. The rooms are nice but the staff could be somewhat rude. $30 to work out at the club? Are you kidding me? It seemed you could not take a step or a breath of air without being charged. Our first trip to Las Vegas and we were not impressed The town did not live up to all of the hype we have heard over the years. In summary, overpriced and overrated. What happens in Vegas should stay in Vegas and not permeate the rest of the country.	
Aug 3 2009 	First time at Encore but not the last.	We have stayed at the Wynn a couple of times previously and were happy to try the Encore. We were not disappointed. Check in was fast and we were given a room that we expected high and low noise. The room itself was luxurious and comfortable. We slept well.We checked in Thursday night late. Friday morning I was down at the Encore pool by 10am and had a wonderful chair and view of the pool all day. The chairs closer to the pool are for rent only...if you are there on your own it is too expensive to rent a poolside chaise. Also the iced tea is mediocre as compared to the perfect iced tea served at the casual restaurants at Encore ant Wynn (too bad). Also since children are allowed at the Encore the main pool has children, young children (diapers eww) so I moved to the adult pool. There is no cover charge for the adult pool only the warning that it is for 21 and over and there may be topless bathers there. Okay. The music was fine but wish the iced tea was better at $4.50 per glass.My husband and I had dinner at Botero for our anniversary dinner. It was good but not great. Craftsteak at MGM is better.We would happily stay at Encore again. The rooms comfortable, the casino classy and the food consistently good (maybe not great). Also guests at Encore may use the Wynn pool but not vice versa. I did use the Wynn pool on day two and three as the seating was more abundant at the adult pool at Wynn.Next trip look forward to using the Encore spa. Hope it is better than the Wynn spa.	
Aug 3 2009 	Hello Hugh Jackman!	Really impressed with this hotel. Gorgeous, swanky, and excellent customer service. I'm no princess, so this far exceed any expectations I had :) The pool is actually a little small but really fun. It seemed pretty swarmed both days, but we didn't actually have any trouble getting seats. While we were there we hung out with our pals, Beyonce and Hugh Jackman (I got to swim with Wolverine!!), and we heard JT (Justin Timberlake) was on his way. This is just to point out, this place is HOT! Apparently XS is *the* club in Vegas right now...I was in the Double Queen Suite and actually spent 2.5 hours napping in my ridiculously comfortable bed before a legendary dinner at Picasso (Bellagio). A siesta is *highly* recommended in your Encore bed, and you will need it after a day in the sun! I also had a really cool view of the strip. The room came with a living room and foyer area with huge mirrors, was perfect for three girls dressing up :) The room service was delicious, however the already added 18% gratuity was a little annoying. The only other thing was, there was no internet access in the room! We desperately wanted to twitter our fab weekend to make friends jealous, but couldn't! Lastly, the Spa at Encore. If you're a spa junkie (like me), do yourself a favor at make an appointment at this Spa. It's serene, tranquil, and a serious pampering session. It's not cheap, I got the Good Luck Ritual ($250 before gratuity) but its worth every single penny of it. There's a steam room, suana, dipping pools (a must) and waterfall showers. All of this is included with the spa service, or you can pay $30 for it I totally recommend this place if you have the money!!	
Aug 2 2009 	Avoid it like a cheap suit..	I've pasted below the email I sent the guest services at Wynn. We recently stayed at the Encore for 5 nights (7/22 - 7/27), and although I could let it pass as a bad experience, I didnt think it would be fare to not let the concerned authorities know. We chose to stay at the Encore as we thought it would be the epitome of luxury, and the tagged high dollar price ($250/night) would be worth the experience. Although the King Suite we booked was nice and comfortable, the suite had no amenities whatsoever. The shocking thing was there isnt even a coffee/tea maker, which is a standard amenity even at cheap motels. While other good properties on the strip provide a refrigerator for use, the one in our room had strict instructions not to use it for storing personal items. If we had to get a fridge in the room, there was another $25/day charge. The wireless internet in the room is not free, and the absolute worst is that we had to pay a fee for using the hotel spa facility. All this did make me wonder what did I pay the $250 a night for. Why would a supposedly top notch facility not even provide basic services like tea/coffee, internet and spa services for free to high paying patrons. Anyway, after this sorry experience we are pretty much guaranteed not to stay at any Wynn property again. I thought I'll send my comments, hopefully they'll be reviewed and something will be done so more customers dont have such experiences.Thanks.	
Aug 1 2009 	Loved the Encore!	I love Vegas and have stayed at every (nice) hotel. We stayed at the Wynn when they first opened and were not that impressed as we thought the Bellagio was still nicer. We decided to try the Encore because it is a bit smaller.Service ranged from mediocre to outstanding. They were very busy the weekend I went, but no mishaps at all. Our room was lovely, and very nicely laid out. Great bathroom, comfy bed and nice to have a sitting area. We enjoyed room service for breakfast and thought it was tasty.The casino is small, but so easy to walk over to the Wynn's casino. But the best part was the spa. We didn't get a service because it was pretty pricey, but we paid $30 to use the gym and all the spa facilities. It was worth every penny! The gym was the largest I've seen in a hotel, with the latest equipment and cold water bottles at hand. The spa are was beautiful, with fruit, tea and water on offer. I spent a good 3 hours in the jacuzzi, cold pool, waterfall shower, dry sauna and spa shower. I finished the afternoon with a $10 smoothie, but that too was worth it!We will stay again as our visit was relaxing, fun and delicious.	
Jul 31 2009 	Encore - a sure bet in Vegas!	One of the newest hotels in Vegas, Encore (an extension of Wynn) has to be the place to stay.The rooms (we stayed in entry category) are spacious and focussed towards the view. A half wall and massive TV between the bedroom and the lounge area almost create a separate room or suite. With a waffle weave style wall in the room and the dark colours and patterned curtains of the public areas show great attention to detail.The pool areas are well separated with a quiet pool and then party pool close by. If youre there on a week end, make sure you pack the aviator sunnies, the pool partys, complete with outdoor blackjack, are full of LA's finest on a road trip seeking tan time and new phone numbers.The biggest surprise was the club scene, many 30 somethings donning their sexiest outfits and hitting clubs in the complex such as Tryst, XS and Blush. If you're travelling with a group book a table, its easier to access the clubs, not queue to gain entry and have a well endowed server of either sex pour your drinks all night.Hot tips - make sure you present your room key if your playing the tables or slots - you may gain discounts of accommodation and food. If you play patiently on the tables and tip the first waitress, you can be sucking back on free Heinikens all night.The hotel is designed for high turnover, so dont expect service at concierge or front desk to be especially prompt or personal...Vegas isnt about personal touchy feely, its about tips. Internet is overpriced - looking to catch out those who have to make emergency cash transfers and ATMs cost an addition 4 bucks to withdraw. Also, leave yourself enough time to check out...the queues filled with winners or woe can be lengthy.As for vegas - leave time to walk the Strip at night, try the Oxygen bar if youre feeling a little edgy and if you want to see the grass roots area of vegas and drink a 99c martini take a taxi to freemont st. the light and freak show is worth the fare...even the croupiers are still wearing tie dye!Don't do more than 3 nts - it sucks the life out of you!want any more Vegas tips - drop me a line.Love in travel, Spoons xx	
Jul 31 2009 	The best hotel in LV	Everything was 5 stars except the service which wasn't bad but nothing to rave about.	
Jul 30 2009 	The upper class is comfortable here I am not upper class LOL	I get so disgusted with some of the people who write reviews here. The last poster said the chairs were full by 10:00 a.m., that is BS. My girlfriend went down at 10:30 and got a chair right next to the pool. It did fill up, it is the Encore. The pool is full of adults, which for us was very nice. The European pool is where the party is and the girls act a little wild, probably why the previous poster was unhappy he could not get a chair. At registration, I told the girl it was my B-day any she gave us a panoramic suite on the 52nd floor. We could see the golf course and the strip, very nice. There is nothing this hotel has to be ashamed of except for charging $7 for a hot chocolate. LOL Speaking of chocolate, the hotel sent up a nice chocolate gift for my B-day. I have stayed at many hotels on the strip and this one is fantastic. Maybe if the people posting negative comments were a little nicer to others they would find easy solutions to their problems. My only problem was a jerk who jumped ahead of us at the key counter because his problem was worse than mine (he forgot his room number). You must remember that this hotel is full of snobbish rich people, they don't care to wait their turn. I will not name drop, but if you pay attention, you might see someone famous. I would stay here again, but it is just to expensive for my taste. There just is no place to eat breakfast or lunch for a decent price. This hotel is priced to separate the classes of people. I am more comfortable at Caesars and the Venetian. We stayed 2 nights at Encore Sat. 25th &amp; Sun 26th then moved down to the MGM. I will write a review on the MGM also. One last thing. If you take a cab from the Encore, be prepared. The cab drivers will try to hit every light they can. LOL I am serious on this, I never had the issues with cab driver like I did on this trip.  Feel free to contact me. P.S. I left my butt at the Encore and still would recommend this hotel. Almost forgot, if you want to be seen with all the beautiful people, go to XS nightclub on a Saturday night. The lines to get in stretched forever though.	
Jul 29 2009 	Better Than Average But Not Quite Very Good 3 1/2 Stars	I spent 4 nights at the Encore while on a business trip. The room was large and well appointed. I was on the 62 floor with a great view of the Strip and the pool area.No complaints with the housekeeping staff, they were quick and efficient and cleaned my room early which is helpful when I come back between appointments to rest or freshen up.The problem areas are the pool, the restaurants, and the front desk. The pools chairs are taken up quickly, they were all gone by 10AM on Saturday in the European Pool (and it had opened just after 9AM despite a posted 8AM opening).The restaurants are horribly understaffed, even the nice ones, so desipte good tasting food the service is very spotty, empty plates linger too long, water &amp; coffee isn't refilled, courses come out too slowly. It was very disappointing.And check in is a nightmare. Luckily I had a host so it wasn't too bad for me, but I came downstairs to eat after check-in and 30 minutes later, people who had arrived at the same time as me were still in line. At check out, I went online to check out and two items were on my bill that didn't belong to me. It took 45 minutes to fix and going down to the front desk to fill a form out before I could leave. Thank God I wasn't in a rush.Overall I like the hotel, but I still like THEhotel &amp; Caesar's better, but I would have no problem returning here.	
Jul 29 2009 	Disappointing - not the 5-Star experienceexpected. Better Properties.	Go to Vegas 10-15 times a year and usually stay at The Palazzo/Venetian. Tried the Wynn/Encore hoping to be wowed, but was very disappointed. Staff is generally rude and poorly spoken. Long time in check-in line only to be told room may not be available till 6pm or so (valet told me that late room availability is the norm). Room is nice but no wow factor that would justify its price. Housekeeping erractic (forgot to re-stock toilet paper, no service one day, etc.). Couldn't get the room cool enough to sleep. On a positive note is the room service menu and staff. Suggest you stay elseware - staff does not treat people well, certainly not as would be expected at a supposed 5-star property.	
Jul 28 2009 	Amazing Spa Room and Pool....Casino was just fair	Encore is the best place bar none to stay in Vegas. It was not my favorite place to gamble though. I prefer a more old school Casino, but the pool was great and so was the food. I will stay again.	
Jul 28 2009 	Gorgeous Hotel.	The hotel and rooms are gorgeous. The service is as others have said....seems a bit busy, slow and chaotic checking in....BUT the room is amazing. Close the curtains with the touch of a button...beautiful panoramic glass window and view....beautiful bed/, great shower....We really loved our stay here...one of the nicest rooms we've stayed in. I loved the modern/chick decor. It is at the north end of the strip so expect to walk/drive/ride to other parts of the strip.	
Jul 27 2009 	First class everything	Spent the weekend there with my grown son. Even though it was deadly hit outside, the place was pretty packed with tourist. Lots of foreign tourists and overall it was a surprisingly young crowd.Likes:The room was great, very clean, lot's of restaurant choices, great pool scene and out door craps and blackjack near the pools. Buffet was excellent. The layout of the room is not great , but the food rivaled the king of Las Vegas buffets, the Bellagio. Go to the steakhouse at the golf course. Great everything. Poker room very friendly, but mostly higher end tables. Dislikes:Some rip off prices. I forgot my toothbrush and it cost me $19 at the gift shop for a toothbrush and toothpaste. Took forever to check in even though there was no line.NO FREE DRINKS IF YOU PLAY VIDEO POKER. This is insane, and should be outlawed. I sat at the bar playing $1 video poker, in the tightest machines on earth and was charged $6 for a diet coke. Free drinks when you play is a Vegas tradition. Here you have to be in the casino to get a free drink at a machine. No logical explanation was given and no one was playing the bad machines at the bar. Also, a well drink is $11. My kid had a double Jack on the rocks for $22!!!!!! You have to be rich to get a buzz going.Even simpNot a dislike, but the two night clubs in the Esplanade had 7 block long line ups on Saturday night to get it.What a freak show. Some of the scariest women Ive ever seen. It was fun to check the people out trying to get into these clubs.	
Jul 24 2009 	Encore needs to take a mulligan	We recently stayed at this hotel. It was a 60th birthday present from my wife. The first impression is always the strongest impression. We arrived and had to wait about 20 minutes to register. I know that may not sound like much to you but the lobby was not crowded and at a premium hotel such as this guests should not have to wait at all. The only thing I remember from the registration was the clerk warning me not to lift any of the food in the bar area of our room because we would be charged for it! The key to our room did not work. We had to hail down a housekeeper who was unable to open the door who then called security. We had to wait approximately 20 minutes standing in front of our door with our baggage. Security finally unlocked our door. We then walked into a very nice suite with a very appealing flat screen TV. I wanted to watch TV but could not find the remote anywhere. I tried putting the TV on manually but it didn't seem to work. I then had to call the front desk and someone came up to our room with a remote about 15 minutes later. I complained to this person but he was not the least bit sympathetic. My wife also told me that two of the light bulbs were not working in the room. Hardly a memorable impression of our entree into the glamorous world of upper echelon Las Vegas hotels. The location of the hotel at the northern end of the strip is unfavorable. No monorail. Had to take cabs everywhere we went. Looking forward to my seventieth birthday at the Bellagio. Sent a similar review to the hotel and have not received a response.	
Jul 24 2009 	Best Hotel on the strip!	I have been to Las Vegas many times previously and stayed in Wynn last year, I got a very good offer from the resort and got a room at a very reasonable $109 per night. We stayed 11 nights so had plenty of time to take things in. Check in was quick and efficient and the check in attendant was excellent, she was originally from Melbourne, Australia and had an excellent manner about her. She found us a room high up with a view of the North strip, and suggested that after the weekend (July 4th weekend) we should be able to get a view of the main strip. As it turned out we did get the strip view room a couple of days later. The room was excellent and furnished tastefully and to a high standard. We ate in several restaurants within the property many of which had special offers on for pre-theatre deals, our favourites were Botero and Switch. The casino and whole resort had a very calm and tranquil feel about it, and it felt like a real refuge from the craziness of the strip. The staff were all excellent, friendly and curteous and we never had any issues in almost 2 weeks. The concierge were helpful and got us onto guest lists of any club we asked for in Las Vegas. The airline had lost our bag and the bell boys were extrodinarily helpful in getting the bag to us. Some people have mentioned the location is out of the way, but that can also be viewed as a positive. I think the location is one of the most appealing things, especially when you are in Vegas for an extended period. The nightclub XS was superb, but forget going on weekends, the much nicer crowd can be found on Sunday and Monday night, particularly Monday. This is the best nightclub I have ever been to in the world! The only complaint I have about the whole thing was the hosts that walked the que on Friday and Saturday nights were absolutely awful, ill mannered and seemed to forget that they are just like the rest of us! Never mind. All in all excellent!	
Jul 23 2009 	Fabulous best in Vegas	Loved, Loved, Loved the Encore. Stayed at the Wynn two years ago and wanted to go back and now test Encore. It was fabulous. Had a room on the 33 floor with views over the Wynn and the Strip. Was fantastic. Rooms are huge and exactly as shown on their website. Very stylish and with all amenities. Love the Wynn properties since there is not so much hustle and bustle and noise from Casino like in other strip hotels. It is elegant and sophisticated. Would go back again immediately.	
Jul 21 2009 	Sensational	Having stayed at Wynn previously I had high expectations for Encore and wasn't let down. Stayed in one of the luxurious Tower Suites and everything about the room was amazing. The beds are some of the most comfortable I can recall and the room service is of a very high standard.The hotel facilities are of the highest standard imaginable and the staff were excellent.	
Jul 20 2009 	Really nice hotel 	The Buffet , the POOL , the coffee ,It is my favorite place in Vegas	
Jul 19 2009 	Very nice	I was offered an excellent rate apparently through my Wynn Red Card, so took them up on it. Overall a good experience. I travel solo so my experience and priorities may well be different from others.Room - spacious and comfortable facing downtown which is what I requested since I didn't want to deal with the noise from the night club. I loved the floor-to-ceiling windows. It's a bit of a stretch to call it a suite since the bedroom and living area are really one big room divided by a low wall and big TV. The bed was very comfortable. Bathroom was huge with Lemon Pledge scented (OK, lemongrass) soaps and shampoo. The curtains, sheers and even the Privacy light are on a remote control by the bed.Restaurants - I had breakfasts at the Terrace Pointe Cafe and Wynn Buffet. The Buffet was high quality but unless you really can put it away probably not worth the cost. I had the pancakes at the Terrace Pointe which were good but not as good as The Original Pancake House. I'm not trying to be critical, it's just at a place like Wynn/Encore you expect to be blown away and that wasn't the case.I had the filet mignon at Society Cafe which was excellent. Just a great experience all around from the food to the coffee to the service.Gambling - yuck. The odds at the Encore stink and I ended up driving to downtown to do most of my gambling.Location - just OK. It's at the far North end of what would be considered the nicer part of the strip. You can walk fairly easily to Wynn, Venetian and Palazzo. Past that is certainly doable but more of a hike. I get up early to go jogging and jogged up to the Stratosphere and back which takes you through some mildly dicey areas. I didn't want to jog south since there are so many driveways and traffic lights.Service - I am not too demanding but the couple of times I asked to have the room made up at a specific time they did so.Overall a nice place if you want to live like the upper crust but I would only go back if I got a good rate.	
Jul 19 2009 	Inconsistant experience	Valet greeting was great, check-in horrible. All checkin stations open, but all with long lines. We were upgraded automatically to an Encore Tower room with strip view. Room size was nice, huge bathroom with dual sinks, separate toilet. Huge closet, lots of drawer space. Only one luggage bench. View of strip consisted of &quot;TI&quot; sign and construction at the Palazzo (?). Better view of pool and golf course. Only one bed, but chaise lounge in sitting/desk area good for me with a bad back. Only one TV - it swiveled, but kind of strange to have only one in a room of this nature. 2 main gripes-the pool closes between 5-5:30. Temp was 107 all week, we would have loved to go into the pool in the evening, but absolutely no access! Other problem is long walk thru esplanade to get back to Wynn, where most things are (buffet, restaurants, theater) Bad back again came into play - and no place to stop &amp; sit along the way. Ate most meals at the 24/7 bar near guest elevators. Good security at those elevators all day. Housekeeping does a wonderful job. Buffet was definately a let down from previous experience, both regarding food and wait times to be seated. Stood for 25 minutes despite multiple tables being empty(and yes there were servers present!) Most staff were very freindly. Would recommend hotel to those who don't like to swim and who love to walk. And what's with all the kids???	
Jul 19 2009 	NO stay any where but here! NO NO  NO!	Enjoy Vegas every year and this by far was the worst hotel with poor customer service all the way around. If you want to hear 'NO', this is the place for you!Check in any time, need to stop by the front desk, and check out is painfulfully slow for no apparent reason at all....encore takes 1st place away from the DMV. Concierge, don't bother...'we don't do this, we can't do that, our new policy is' ... We simply called our hosts from the last two years prior at Palazzo &amp; The Palms to set us us with VIP for everything at our own hotel...yes, encore...hmmmm, whatever. Maid service...sure at 600pm, does that seem just a little late? What time do most poeple go to dinner? How can you get ready with a maid scurrying around your room? Insult to injury, turn down service then followed at 7pm...what? Do I really need a turn down now!OKay, maids for 1 1/2 hours are finally gone, jump into the shopwer...ice cold on a Friday night...[--]! Anyone need ice, just turm on your shower Saturday morning, not a drop of hot water to be found...heard the Wynn has hot water, we'll go to thier spa..'no, we're not allowed'...Saturday night still no hot water..finally at 530 pm a letter, oh good... we can now go to our spa, with no hot water...say what? Yes, that's right is was a mob scene of people looking to clean up nice for Saturday night without icles.Ughhhh, Sunday head to the pool, find 1 chair left at 9am...okay, get two more at 11am, have lunch at the bar, 5 feet from our lounges with all of our belongings still there, and the 'pool boy' seats a hooker and geezer in our preciuos chairs while we dine on poor trailer food at outrageous prices ...Fabulous, or NOT! There is plenty more, but enough is enough..I've had an incredible experience every year in Vegas the past 15 years with a group that meet from around the world...This was nothing more than an EMBARRASSMENT! Palazzo is by far the superior location at this time! Looking forward to Mandarin &amp; Aria next year ;-) STAY AWAY from encore, they don' even deserve a capital E the English language gives them and they certainly won't be earning it!	
Jul 19 2009 	Good stay!	Just got home after spending 5 days at the Encore at Wynn Las Vegas. Very pretty lobby area, but rather small check-in site. Check-in was slow, and the lady was assisted us, cold and disinterested - it felt like she was doing us a huge favor, and when I asked her something about the deposit that I had already paid, she rolled her eyes upwards!! Our rooms were not ready, but we did arrive earlier than check-in time, so we were told to wait until we got a phone call letting us know that we could go to our rooms. So we took ourselves off for lunch to the Society cafe, which was decent, and had friendly service. We actually had breakfast there most mornings, and whilst expensive, it was decent. Finally received the call to tell us our rooms were ready. When my friend reached her room, the housekeeper was still busy in there and told her she needed at least 20 minutes more to clean the room - so much for it being ready! My room was ready, and very nicely appointed with good amenities and a nice view of the north side of the hotel. The bed was exceptionally comfy, and the shower did have hot water! The suite is smaller than those of the Palazzo Hotel, where I have stayed numerous times, but seeing as I was by myself it was adequate. However, if I were to travel with my husband, I wouldn't stay here as I prefer more room space. I placed wake up calls, and those came right on the dot. The mini-bar and box are outrageously priced, so give these a miss - in fact, most of the restaurants and lounges in this hotel are very pricey! Ate at Botero in the hotel, which was superb and well worth the money spent. The waiter went out of his way to assist us with recommendations and I would most certainly return there. The only negative of this hotel on the whole, is the front desk staff, - they can most certainly do with a course in &quot;customer relations&quot; - and how to make the guest feel welcome and not like they should go elsewhere!	
Jul 19 2009 	Meah... so so at best.	Being invited for a stay on the 54th floor facing the strip, view was ok, but if you like looking at your sister hotel. The sound insulation could do some upgrades, we heard every flush from our surrounding neighbors washroom and also their conversations (day and night). I know Vegas is hurting but I feel with all the cut backs they have made (they do not change sheets even after calling down to request for them to be changed - hotel policy), I do not mind changing at the end but if we do need them changed and followed the hotel policy, I would hope they would follow. The in room minibar has a nice layer of dust on them as everything is automatically charged so no one touches them and even the chamber maids are careful not to knock them down. For what was paid, I feel the Big B (Bellagio) down the strip gives a better bang for the buck with much friendlier staff and service. Yes the little turn down chocolates make a big difference. :) - Skylofts were great but now going down in quality but the Sunday brunch at the Mansion are TO DIE FAR... and the only way I will be able to make it into the Mansion at MGM unless I get REAL lucky.The pool area is very small and all the lounge chairs get taken up very quickly even with the 30 minute squat policy, they are hard to come by on the Fri-Sun period, esp the Euro pool as 50%+ of available sun bathing area is dedicated to the $300+ cabanas (that no one uses but told to get off of)Unfortunately the 2 restaurants I wanted to try out were both closed for the week (Picasso and Alex), settled for Joël Robuchon and had a nice dinner with their summer promotion but then that is a separate review.	
Jul 15 2009 	As Good As It Gets	I'm a Las Vegas veteran, having stayed at lots of different hotels including the Wynn, which I reviewed favorably a couple of years ago. This place is better. And it wasn't just the &quot;recession&quot; killer low rate. The room is a spacious suite, with a separate area for the bed, and then a sitting and work area separated by a divider. The rooms are huge and comfortable. The bathrooms are identical to the Wynn but still spacious, with separate shower, tub, and WC. The AC functioned great in the 105 degree heat. But who goes to Vegas to spend much time in their room? The casino is smaller than the Wynn, so you can find friends quickly. It is organized into slightly separated parlors, and, for the first time that I've ever seen, lined by windows, one side being the pool and the other side being a garden courtyard. The pool area is divided into a regular family pool, and then a separate &quot;European&quot; pool, for those 21 and over, with a bar area, televisions, a craps table and some blackjack. A scene to behold. The restaurants are top quality -- I recommend Botero for a poolside lunch and Wasuzu for excellent Asian. The Bloody Marys at the Society Cafe are outstanding. The exercise room is first class, and the men's spa is full of cool showers, whirlpools, and a couple of places to just sit quietly and relax. Most of all though, the staff is just terrific. Pleasant dealers, courteous hotel and wait staff, smiling and helpful security personnel, cheerful housekeepers and engineers, etc. They believe their job is to say yes to any reasonable request and they do. Professionals from top to bottom. I can't wait to come back.	
Jul 15 2009 	Encore - a true delight in a mad city	Overall I loved Encore; it is a true 5 star resort hotel with more focus on the resort than casino side, which is a refreshing change for Vegas. The hotel is located just up from the centre of the strip and is within easy walking distance of the central area. It is located next door to its sister hotel, Wynn, the two hotels are linked together making it very easy to wonder through from Wynn to Encore and make use of the exceptional facilities at both. Encore has a very European feel with lots of light in the building and attention to detail. It's not OTT Vegas in the same way as Caesars Palace more a refined retreat in the middle of all the madness. RoomsWe booked a resort suite direct though the website and got a much better deal than was available through the major online travel sites. Check in was swift and I was able to get a room on the 37th floor with a view of down town Vegas. Friends had a strip review but had to pay $25 per night extra for it. The room was large with a good-sized separate living room area; bathroom was a good size with separate toilet, shower and bath. The room is equipped with all the modern cons you ask for including bipod dock and speakers and a fax. Pool &amp; SpaThe resort has 5 pools; we only made use of the two at encore. Both the main pool and European pool were lovely with lots of beds available. The only slight downside was the lack of pool servers. The spa at encore is amazing, very relaxing with good facilities. It's $35 per day or $75 for a 3-day pass, which also entitles you to use the gym. Restaurants &amp; BarsDuring our stay we ate/drank in Society Cafe, Stratta, XS and Parasol Down. Society cafe - was a lovely spot for informal dining, the food was good and the service polite and efficient. The only slight issue we had was the photo shot in the bar area which meant we sat through dinner with a flash continually going offParasol down - excellent spot for pre dinner or after dinner drinks, right on the lake of wonder on which a show is performed every 30 mins by a host characters from a giant singing frog to waltzing globesStratta - located Wynn this was a nice pre-XS choice. We where there as a group of 20 which meant we had to have a set menu. The menu was very limited and not good value for money. In addition our group was split into 2 tables, had we known this we could have booked two separate tables and been able to eat the ala carte menu which was much more varied and better valueXS - Excellent night club, be warned if you are a big group you really need to book a table otherwise you will struggle to get in and finding a place to sit/stand will be practically impossible. We booked a table for our party, it’s not the cheap option but it gave us an area to ourselves (which is great as this place gets rammed later on), our own waitress and a lot of drinks.	
Jul 15 2009 	The Rolls Royce of hotels!	We recently travelled to Vegas for our wedding in The Primrose Courtyard at The Wynn. Neither of us had visisted Vegas before and we chose the hotel purely on recommendation and we have no regrets or complaints whatsoever! Both The Wynn and Encore are outstanding and we truely had the time of our lives!We stayed in a resort room within the Tower Suites, it was a little more expensive but definitely worth it. The service was second to none and the staff can not do enough for you, we were treated like royalty. The rooms were very nicely decorated and had the most comfortable beds you will ever sleep in, we have never slept so well! Our parents both stayed in the standard resort rooms at The Wynn and they were also very nice but they definitely didn't have the same 'wow' factor as ours.We ate at the buffet every morning and the choice and quality is well worth the money. We also ate at Society Cafe which was ok although nothing to rave about. On the other hand Botero is in another league, the food was amazing and the staff were very attentive. It was our favourite meal during our 3 week stay in the States, it's a real must!We loved Vegas so much we're booking to go back next year and in case you haven't already guessed we'll be staying at Tower Suites at Encore!	
Jul 15 2009	Beauty and Color everywhere! LOVED it!	Beauty. Elegance. Ornate. The second you walk in you are hit with COLOR!! Red, black, white, orange, butterflys, flowers, peacocks, curtains, tassles and the list goes on. I dont think there was a single corner of this hotel was not decorated with something lovely. We booked 14 rooms for a sales retreat through work. Group Booking- Talk to Jojo. She was very helpful throughout the process and managed to get us a low price for two nights. The Wynn price and the Encore price were the same for group reservations. Dont expect ANY hookups though. They cant and could give us a single discount, resort, spa or any other credit for the group. I though Vegas was hurtin? Check in- Very easy and fast. We had a friendly smile greet us and accomodate an early checkin for our group since we arrived at 1. Check in is normally at 4. The cool thing is your room key is your players card, charge card and room key all in one. Its a snazy...RED with your name printed on it. Room- BEAUTIFUL. Extremely modern, comfortalbe and has a seperate living room area that is so nice. Pictures would try and do it justice. It had a long hallway, HUGE closet, and mirrors everywhere which were so nice for a girl getting ready to go out! Bathroom- HUGE. Two sinks, nice shower with great shower pressure and the most amazing bathtub. The amenities smelled yucky (lemongrass) but im sure men would like it. TV in the bathroom was fun too. BEST PART OF THE ROOM- Remote controlled drapes, lights, curtains ect. One button and off and on. No more getting up from bed! Also each room has a doorbell, with a light for privacy or clening room. No more hangers!Pool- SLOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW service. I loved the design, allt he day beds, cabannas and the 20-30 year old scene ( no teeny boppers or families), super chic so thats why their service didnt hinder on my stars but seriously they lose so much money on drink and food just because they have like 2 servers for the whole place and they move like molasses. Took our group of 10 who was ready to DRINK about 45 minutes to get service. Even got up to get service 4 times!!!Honestly the service was good throughout the hotel, comfortable beds, and worth the price you pay. The casino isnt very big so you are not super overhwlemed to go from one end to the other. Walk to the Wynn is connected indoors and is a short walk which is nice. Cant wait to go back!	
Jul 14 2009 	Unbelievable i cant say enough !!!	After reading the reviews form people i was neevouse. But there all wrong! This place was amazing. I woul ddef suggest getting the upgrade in a tower suite if you want to feel like a king and queen. As for the dining and clubbing in the hotel all was amazing being in a tower suite has unbelievable advantages you can walk past everyone except xs is very picky. Being in a tower suite you get a different pool tthen everyone else and let me tell you they wait on you hand and foot at it. Prices are desent its 5 diamond what do you expect. Im from NY i didnt see much of a change in prices. Also Jersey boys at the palazzo is a must see!!	
Jul 14 2009 	BEST Rooms in ALL of Las Vegas.	I am going to MAINLY cover the room aspect of the hotel and a few bits of the service aspects of the Encore hotel so I won't be reviewing the restaurants, clubs/lounges, or pool..The rooms(I stayed in a King room) areIMO the best in Las Vegas. I have stayed at Wynn, Signature, The HOTEL, Bellagio, and Mandalay Bay and while all of these hotels have VERY nice rooms Encore really has the art of a beautiful room down to the tee!Note: Encore has around 2000 rooms but only about 400 of them have two beds while the remaning 1600 are King bed ONLY rooms so take this into consideration when booking if you have more than 1 person in your room. Also the sofa in the room does not fold out into a sofa-bed.OK on to the Encore King bed room review.....Floor to Ceiling windows: HUGE set of 10-12 foot tall large windows that fill the WHOLE wall of the far end in the room.Furniture: Blonde wood furniture that is stately, good quality and contemporary. Sofa, bed, ottoman and chairs are all attractive and good quality.Bathroom: Large marble bathroom with above average quality make-up mirror, thick satin robes, georgous inlaid beveled mirrors, large soaking tub, large glass walk-in shower, electronic scale, dual sinks with Kohler faucets, thick towels, seperate small room for the toilet, and a small falt-screen t.v.Fabrics/Lighting/Crown Molding: The room is anything but dark or depressing and has fabulous lighting placed in all the perfect spots. There are lights hidden underneath some of the furniture. Lights are also inlaid into the black laquer crown molding that gives the room a feeling that you are in an expensive showroom or clothing boutique. There is black laquer crown molding all over the room and not just in the higher ceiling areas but also in the floor areas which again gives the room a showcase type atmosphere. There are at least four areas in the guest room that have different colored/textured thick high-quality fabrics that are in-laid against the walls that give the room a multi-demonsional chic contemporary yet palatable feeling to the room.Carpet/Drapes: The carpet is a beautiful beige colored with hints of a slightly darker beige color that give it a textured palate. The drapes are electronically conrolled by a bed-side touch panel which is only found in the highest up-scale type guestrooms.Flat Screen T.V.: The SHARP T.V. has about 40 channels and all are HD which is another thing only found in top up-scale hotel rooms. Most hotels in Vegas have very few t.v. stations but at Encore you have about 40 of them with only about 2-3 hotel advetisement channels mixed in with the regular channels. Also the t.v. has Mood music which has 5 different choices of music(jazz, pop, rock, rap, classical) and it is sattelite radio with no commercials. The sound on the t.v. music channels is excellent and also shows video clips/pictures of the artist for each individual song played.Doors/Entryway: The front entry door, bathroom door, closet door are all very thick stately doors and add to the rooms feeling of a posh sanctuary. The long etnry way is all marble with a whole wall of wood in-laid mirrors which make your enry sweeping and vivid. Closet: The closet has some drawers with a large enough electronic safe to fit a laptop computer and the closet has big thick double doors.Mini Bar area: The room has a stylish peice of furniture that houses the mini bar and also has a slide-out &quot;drink station&quot; that houses the in-room glasses(wine, cocktail glasses) and is nice for keeping your drink making supplies housed. There is plenty of room on top of the actual mini bar peice of furniture to set-up a bar if you choose. The actual mini-bar located inside this peice of furniture has alot of choices(premium liqours, ect.) that again are only found in the best of hotels.Ceiling in the living room area: The ceiling in this area is beveled with in-lay lighting and with the other things in the room makes the atmosphere chic and multi-demonsional.Beds/Beddding: Beautiful big beds with good quality sheets/comforter, The bed along with the two regular pillows also has two huge body pillwows(much larger than regular bed pillows) which are only found at higher-end hotels.Service: I am a light smoker and while in Las Vegas I reserved a smoking room. I ran out of the one book of matches provided and called housekeeping to have another book of matches sent up and within 10 minutes a young man was at the door with two books of matches in a crystal bowl served on a silver platter for me to take. Everyone from the front desk, bellman, valet, to the service people I passeed in the hallways was very gracious, hard working, dedicated and genuinely friendly. Las Vegas has a difficult time giving good service beacuase the hotels are so large(3,000 room hotels) but at Encore they really exuded an effort that made it seem like I was at a 300 room hotel instead of a 2,000 room hotel. While getting ice from my hotel room floor I encountered a few service workers and they all seemed genuinley happy to say hello and make me feel like I was in a hotel that cherished it's guests.There are plenty of less expensive places to eat accross the street at the Fashion Show Shopping Mall if you do not wish to eat/drink at the Encore and Wynn hotels which may not be affordable for all people.Encore and Wynn are connected together and are both owned and operated by the same peopleIf you want a beautiful room in Las Vegas then I would say Encore should be VERY high on your list as this same type of room in California or NYC would be $400/per night but is available for you at often close to half the price. A website called smartervegasDOTcom has Encore and Wynn room rate specials directly from the Encore and Wynn hotels.One more Note: The nightclub at Encore called XS stays open until 4am Friday- Monday and the noise can travel up to the rooms so if you definately are a light sleeper and want a quiet room then ask for a guestroom facing the North as the guestroons facing south are the ones that can be affected by the possible nightclub noise becuase the XS club is on the southside of the Encore guestroom tower.Have a great time in Las Vegas and thank you for reading my review. :o)	
Jul 13 2009 	Most beautiful hotel I have ever stayed at	Hey,Just got back from staying at Encore yesterday. I would definitely suggest Encore over the Wynn, both are AMAZING and beautiful hotels but Encore is newer. I actually stayed at Encore for cheaper than the Wynn. Also, when you are an Encore guest, you can use the facilities (namely, the pool) at the Wynn but you cannot use Encore facilities if you are a Wynn guest.Hotel room is gorgeous, definitely the best I have ever been to. Spacious with a comfy bed and great decorations. Fun electronic switchboard next to the bed that controls lighting, sheers and draperies.Encore and Wynn are connected and the walk is very pretty. I realized that neither hotels have a single blank wall anywhere. All walls are either textured, or there are curtains or mirrors or fixtures. AND, the decorations change all the time. All this means that you will be constantly amazed by the interior design.My one complaint about Encore are the restaurants. We went to two - Tableau and Switch. At Tableau, we found a hair in one of our dishes. At Switch, I had mentioned my severe allergy to nuts and peanuts and they promptly served me nut bread. Luckly, I inspected my food before consuming and caught the bread. However, if I had not, this would have ruined my entire trip (I would have been sick and may have needed hospitalization). The manager tried to excuse the restaurant with &quot;the waiter and bread service are not connected&quot;. Umm. I'm sorry, this is not an excuse for any restaurant, but especially not a fine dining one like this.	
Jul 13 2009 	Fabulous	We stayed at Wynn Encore for three nights as part of our honeymoon trip. It was our first time in Vegas and, in part due to Encore, we'll definitely be returning. We had booked in the Tower Suites, which has a dedicated check-in, where we were given cold towels and water. Some other reviewers have said that they were treated badly when the staff saw that they had booked through other websites, but we had also done so and were treated exceptionally well. We don't know if it was because we mentioned that we were on honeymoon but we got a room on the 60th floor - okay, the view was of the tail-end of the Strip, which has little on it but to be able to look out over to the mountains was great. All the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful and made us feel welcome. The food at the restaurants is on the pricey side but this is a five star hotel and you do have the choice of some 15, ranging from a coffee bar to two very high-end restaurants. We also given a $75 credit towards food.The main pool did a little crowded, but the &quot;European&quot; pool behind that had loungers spare and had a more upbeat vibe with its bar and couple of gaming tables.Highly recommended!	
Jul 12 2009 	WOW! - What a Place	Just when I thought the Wynn was the best there is in Vegas, Encore comes along and takes it up a notch. We stayed in a Panoramic Suite with a maginificent view of the golf course and the south view of Vegas. The room was large and luxurious. The first night we ate at the Encore restaurant Switch. Although the dinner was very expensive, it was not the finest meal I ever had; however the dining room setting is interesting. We still had to walk to the Wynn for the breakfast or lunch buffet, but chose to eat smaller meals in the Encore. The fitness facility and spa in the Encore was outstanding. Our second night we had a late dinner at Mix located at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay. They substituted my fish dish without informing me and I was sick the next day. My third night was spent at a business function at the trendy new Encore club XS. We stayed around after the business party to observe the scene. It really was an unbelievable sight unfortunately I felt like the local elder with the young crowd. No expense was spared in the decor. My remaining observation was that Steve Wynn employs the most beautiful and stunning casino and club employees. When walking through another Vegas casino, I commented that they employ the mothers and grandmothers of the Encore employees. Overall, Wynn runs a classy operation and I feel the Encore is the best Las Vegas has to offer.	
Jul 12 2009 	Wouldn't go back	Beautiful hotel. BUT, NO comp drinks at the bar while gambling. No comp drinks in Las vegas, never heard of it. Wouldn't go back for that reason. Everyone knows you are not going to come out a winner, but a couple of drinks would be nice. The bartender told us to gamble on the floor and a wait person would come and take our order. We waited for about an hour while throwing our money away, and we not waited on. We did try to get the attention of a server, but they paid no attention. Place looks nice, but would NEVER go back. How long are they going to stay in business without comping drinks while gambling at the bar. I only hope other hotels don't follow. Las vegas will not survive.	
Jul 10 2009 	“Play It Again Steve”	Much of what we think about our travel experiences is based on our expectations. We did not know what to expect from our recent stay at the Wynn Las Vegas. Perhaps that’s why we enjoyed it so much. The Tower Suites section of the Encore has a private entrance and lobby. Our suite on the 51st floor had a stunning view of the Las Vegas Strip. Wow. The room itself was filled with modern conveniences - a huge flat screen TV that rotated to be viewed from the living area or bedroom, an iHome docking station, a control panel by the bed to open the drapes, turn off lights, etc. The bed was comfortable and the living room furniture - resort casual off-white and black - was functional and stylish. The beautiful bathroom featured a separate shower and tub along with the now-requisite TV-in-the-wall and separate room for the toilet. This was our first experience with a Wynn property and now we can say we see what others are talking about. The service was very good and the overall attention to detail in design and experience was very successful. We had drinks in one of the bars and enjoyed dinner at two of the many restaurants (Botero and Sinatra). Both of our dinners were among the best we’ve had recently - and despite their fancy pedigree were more realistically priced than some of the supposedly “greater” meals we’ve had in Europe this year. We had a wonderful massage in the Spa as well. It’s a beautiful facility and despite the somewhat uneven service (the masseuses and welcome staff were great, but the attendants had a bit too much attitude) and messy clientele (guests left towels everywhere which never seemed to get picked up), we loved it. The walk to the treatment rooms is not to be missed and is one of the prettiest such environments we’ve seen at a spa anywhere. Staying here is not cheap, but we think it’s worth it. Even the gaming areas are tastefully incorporated into the overall design of the property and feature lots of natural light and room to roam. If you’re looking for a gargantuan gaming hall where you can’t tell if it’s night or day or the cheesy “old Vegas” slot machine heaven, this is not the place for you. If you’d like to stay in a beautiful high-end hotel that just happens to have gambling, this could be the place for you.	
Jul 9 2009 	Worth it so much fun	Having read negative reviews about the Encore before leaving for my holiday I was worried about staying there. I was reading reviews which flagged up bad service, no hot water, no non smoking rooms left....and so on. I've stayed at the Bellagio twice previous but found the service on my last trip dissapointing.On arrivial at the Encore, we were checked in immedialty with no problems. We stayed on the 55th floor in room 5546 looking into the strip and down to the pools. Fantastic views, the bathroom was spacious and the room was beautiful and very clean. The two pools provide more than enough space for everyone to get a seat at the pool. We were going down to the pool around 10am and had no trouble get a bed. The encore pools get the sun for far longer than the wynn pools, so if your looking to sunbathe I would recommend the Encore over the Wynn. the family pool is a good size, if you want to sit at the european pool or even walk through it you need to be over 21 and provide ID. The pools are not heated but with the strenght of the sun I found the cold pools refreshing. The food in the hotel was very good. Wazuzu was my favourite, I would recommend the Thai spicy basil. The food is reasonably expensive but your paying for some of the top chefs in the world to cook your food......its worth it. We also went to XS night club on the sunday, I phoned concierge and got six of us in the guest list which i strongly suggest doing as the que is normally very long.DEF would encourge people to stay at encore over all other hotels and thw wynn. top marks!	
Jul 9 2009 	Worst hotel experience in Las Vegas	My stay at the Encore Las Vegas was by far my worst hotel experience ever. I picked Encore solely due to the fact that they claim to be a 5 star hotel and I was expecting high class service. I was very dissapointed to say the least.Issue # 1: I checked in with 4 of my friends and we booked a 2 queen beds room, the hotel manager said they only had rooms with one king bed left. They expected 4 grown up men to sleep on one bed! They would not do anything to accommodate us and wanted to charge us an extra $25 a night for extra roll out beds.Issue # 2:The hotel manager treated us like dirt due to the fact that we booked our room through a package via expedia.com. She said &quot;We wont pay extra attention to you because you paid a lower rate through expedia.com&quot;. Basically if you book through expedia rather than paying $500 a night through their website they will treat you like crap! Issue # 3:They promised us a strip view however, after we checked into our room we had an amazing view for an empty lot and abandoned construction site.Issue # 4:The hotel bathroom smelled like something died in there. The smell was unbearable. Our neighbors complained of the same thing so it was not just our room. Issue # 5:The hotel casinos were virtually EMPTY with almost no waitresses at all for serving drinks. On several occasions late at night we were being solicited by hookers while gambling. I would expect security to be tighter at this hotel. iSSUE #6:The hotel pool did not have enough chairs. Also the pool is as big as the one you would find in a holiday inn. Bottom line I would never stay at this hotel again, please take my advice and stay at the Bellagio or any other hotel at the strip for that matter. Staying at the Encore would almost guarantee that you will never return to Vegas again!	
Jul 9 2009 	Worst Hotel I have ever stayed at. DO NOT STAY HERE	We booked our reservation at this hotel 1 month in advance and we booked a 2 queen size bed room. When we arrived we were told they sold out of their 2 bedroom queen size bed rooms. So four guys had to pack into one room with one king size bed and a couch. We spoke to management and they didnt do anything for us. They didn't care, they offered nothing. The service was horrible, and the casino was dead. Don't believe the hype of this hotel, the food is way over priced, the drinks are watered down, and the rooms are simply plain. DO NOT STAY HERE.... WHAT a waste of time and money, I will never stay here again, nor will my family and friends. Christina who is the manager, is very disrespectful and doesnt understand customer service.	
Jul 8 2009 	Perfect for Girl's Weekend Getaway	HOTEL. Trendy and modern, the Encore is very fun in decor. Unfortunate for us, the hot water system broke so we had no hot showers for the first night. However, they credited all guests with $50 hotel credit which wasn't too bad. STAFF. Very accommodating and patient. ROOM. Large and spacious with plush beds. A very modern touch with sofa couch included.SHOWER. Huge and very luxurious.LOCATION. Directly across Fashion Show mall and minutes from the Strip. Shortcut to the Strip-- go through the Palazzo and Venetian hotel. ATTRACTION. XS is currently the hottest club in town which means long lines. Come early if you're not planning on bottle service or guest list. The pool is spacious, clean and relaxing.  TIP(S). Sign up for a members card even if you don't gamble. I received their promo email which gave me a great discount on the room. Less than $150/ night with credit.	
Jul 8 2009 	Presidential!	We stayed here 2 nights after a bachelor party and we were offered the presidential suite at a heavy cost so we thought why not!It's hard to describe but it was straight out of a movie - the suite had 2 floors, private elevators, full strip view, pool room, kitchen, double storey lounge (Scarface-esqe) and it came with our own Butlers!!They did everything for us. Iron own clothes, pour my drinks, send my faxes! I almost felt bad.It had 3 bedrooms all en-suite - I mean this place was a million times better than half the places you see on MTV Cribs!I'm considering getting it again if I can get a good price.	
Jul 8 2009 	If considering Wynn/Encore vs. Venetian/Pallazo go with Venetian/Pallazo	My wife and I are at the Encore because of its $109 special rate (+13.95 Internet). It's as nice as Venetian, though modern motiff vs Italian, but everything one needs is not here at a price we want to pay -like food. While many hotels have a range of prices for food, Wynn/Encore (connected, very similar) has one of two price levels : high and higher. We find ourselves going to the Venetian to eat at our favorite in Las Vegas, The Grand Lux where the food is reasonable, plentiful, and good (developed by the Cheesecake Factory). There is no coffee in rooms at either Encore or Venetian, but a trip downstairs at Encore gets you a cup for $4.In room bar has cokes for $5 and cashews for $10. No newspaper delivery, which comes with some rooms at Venetian. Venetian rooms somewhat larger or at least better arranged. There is a new Walgreens between the Wynn/Encore and Palazzo/Venetian which is nice. All things considered we'll be back at Venetian/Palazzo next time, though the Encore is nice, beautifully decorated, and at $109 a night, a real bargain. Well worth a walk through whether or not you stay!	
Jul 7 2009 	Beautiful rooms great casino nice staff far from the monorail	My wife and I stayed at the Encore for part of our honeymoon. We booked online and stayed for practically nothing in a suite with a panoramic view of the strip on the 54th floor. Everything in the room is controlled electronically (lights, drapes, do not disturb) which is a nice touch. The room was huge (745 sq ft) and the bathroom was beautiful.	
Jul 7 2009 	We Loved it !	Went to celebrate my husband and my 40th Birthdays. Having done a lot of research into the 'best' hotel to stay at and also having looked around all the other hotels on the strip, we were very pleased that we chose the Encore. The room was a great size, the bed was fantastically comfortable and the bathroom spacious. Loved the gorgeous colourful decor throughout the hotel. Pool area was small and very busy when we were there (a public holiday), but pool staff helped us find seats. Found the hotels casino the most elegant and most comfortable to be in as it wasn't as dark and claustrophobic as some of the others. Best thing we saw were the fountains outside the Bellagio, which we returned to every night. Saw 'O', which was great and Love which was OK. Be prepared to walk as hotel is at the end of the strip and allow lots of time to get everywhere. Believe me I do loads of research into everything and the Encore was fab. We would definitely stay there again, loved every minute of it.	
Jul 6 2009 	Encore vs. Wynn---Wynn is the Winner	Encore is a great casino, but it is a supplement to the Wynn and is not the equal to the Wynn. The rooms are great, the decor is great, the table games are the same, just not as many as the Wynn. The Wynn has the poker room and the Sports Book, Encore does not. Ladies will enjoy the Wynn more because it is more centrally located to the Pallazzo shops, the Fashion Show Mall and the Wynn restaurants. If you stay in the encore, you have much further to walk to shop at these places. If the rates are the same, choose Wynn instead of Encore. Wynn's restaurants are better and more popular. You can always walk to Encore to gamble if Wynn is too crowded. Encore's plus is the pool area and the Botero restaurant where you can eat poolside during lunch.	
Jul 6 2009 	Absolutely amazing wish we could have stayed longer	My fiance and I stayed at Encore from June 29th - July 2nd. I have read alot of reviews over the past 2 months on here and I was a little worried when we arrived. But I really dont have anything to complain about in this review. The check-in was very easy. The lady working the desk was nice and got us checked in very fast. Our room was on the 60th floor and had a view of the end of the strip and the Wynn golf course. Everything in the room is top of the line. The swiveling TV is a great touch, the huge window with the automatic drapes is great, the bed is the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in. The bathroom is really big and comes with all the soaps, shampoos, etc. We didn't eat at any of the restaraunts at the Encore so I can't comment on them. We did play alot of craps in the casino and had a great time. The dealers were all real nice and even the pit bosses were easy to talk to. We loved the casino because of the small size and it wasn't smokey at all. The casino got a little busy around 9:00pm til midnight but anytime before and after it was no problem to get a spot on a table or even a table to ourselves. I read alot of complaints about the hotel staff but we did not experience this at all. I've got nothing but good things to say about them. My fiance left her cell phone at a slot machine and did not realize for a couple of hours. We spoke with a really nice security guy named Bryan who helped us track her phone down. We really wanted to stay an extra night and cannot picture staying anywhere else in Vegas from now on.	
Jul 6 2009 	Beautiful resort but they'll nickel and dime you	My wife and I check into Encore for our anniversary in a resort suite with a free upgrade to a Panoramic Suite. When we arrived we were told there were no more panoramic suites available and were offered a room on the 12th floor overlooking the pool (Roughly the worst location possible, given noise from XS) we declined and asked for something higher up and got a room on the 35th floor facing the Riviera. It's disappointing that a 5 star resort would not honor the room you booked and offer you a worse room, not a better one. After speaking to a manager we were offered a late check out, which was fine, but didn't really make up for not getting the correct room. The room we got was fantastic nonetheless, bed was very comfortable, and overall we were VERY impressed with our suite. Unfortunately the pool is too small for the weekends and was extremely crowded, but was easy to get a seat on weekdays (and Sunday). The real bummer about Encore is that everything is just so ridiculously priced. Our poolside snacks (2 sandwiches, chips &amp; salsa ) ran us about $40. A bowl of cereal from room service was 15 dollars after the 'delivery fee', 12 buffalo wings were $41. I understand that hotels charge more than general, but this was absurd. To make matters worse, it's a pretty decent walk to get anywhere else to get some food, so you are definitely captive to whatever Encore charges.We ate at Switch and it was wonderful, as well as the cafe at Wynn, which was also very good. The lobby bar at Encore had good coffee (About 3.50 for a small) and danishes ($7). Overall the property is amazing and the rooms are great, it's just too bad the staff don't honor reservations and the food is so expensive.	
Jul 6 2009 	Amazing hotel. Beautiful and enormous rooms. Fantastic bathroom! Cleaned every day (they even folded our clothes)	I loved it! Our room was so spacious, clean, new, modern, there were no problems at all! The bed was comfy, the bathroom was a dream! The cleaning staff did a great job. My boyfriend and I were quite messy--everyday the room was cleaned perfectly. Of course the hotel is pricey-- it is a 5 star hotel. The bars offer fantastic drinks ($10-16). It's all worth the money. I can't wait to go to Vegas again.	
Jul 5 2009 	repeated bait/switch at check-in be warned	This is the first and only review I have ever written about any hotel, and it is to warn all readers of the Encore.I am a seasoned traveler and I have stayed at the Wynn multiple times because we've had phenomenal stays there. So naturally when I received an offer from the Wynn offering me a spectacular rate for the Encore ($109/$159), clearly due to the economy, I jumped at the chance. I had already booked an amazing room elsewhere in Vegas, but I couldn't say no to the Encore, believing it would be even more wonderful than the Wynn. MISTAKE.At check-in, we had to almost beg for a room that wasn't facing XS because we weren't interested in being kept up all night by the club. After much back and forth and phone calls between the desk and &quot;someone&quot;, we were offered a room that was acceptable to us (ie, non-smoking and not facing the club---we're not asking for much here). But when it was time for me to sign off on the room rate, WOW they tried to charge me a rate that was about $75 more PER NIGHT than the rate I had booked with. Nope, not an upgrade/upsell as you may be thinking -- the Encore actually tried to argue with me that this MUCH higher rate was what I had booked. I insisted that they were completely incorrect and they insisted &quot;this is an excellent rate.&quot; Well, this isn't a negotiation, I booked a guaranteed rate, directly through your hotel website using a promotion that your hotel emailed me personally----honor the rate I booked! They insisted that I must be mistaken. FORTUNATELY I had the foresight to have printed out the actual daily rate and final total for the full stay from my computer screen at the time I booked (NOTE: the email confirmation that they send you does NOT have this detailed information, the confirmation only has the deposit charge rate). After digging through our luggage in the middle of the check-in area for 15 minutes, I found the paper that confirmed that YES, INDEED the rate I booked was $109/$159 per their direct email promotion. They insisted that their computer must be making some sort of error for an unknown reason and they agreed to honor the lower rate--you know, the one that I had actually booked. Needless to say, this was an AWFUL way to spend our first hour in Vegas and tainted our entire vacation.You might be thinking &quot;oh, that must have been a random computer glitch, I'm sure that a hotel of the caliber of the Encore would never do that again.&quot; Well, 2 weeks later, my friend had the EXACT SAME PROBLEM---he had to PROVE to the Encore that they were attempting to overcharge him for his hotel room (the room that he had booked using the same Encore email promotion, the same rate, directly booked through the hotel website). And as you can see from other reviews, it has happened to others. I have to wonder how many hundreds of other people are having the exact same &quot;bait and switch&quot; happen to them. If you have, you should definitely share it here. If not, and you're planning to stay at the Encore, BE WARNED, and print out the computer screen snapshot that confirms your final room total AND your rate, and have it with you when you check in. Make sure that your booked rate matches the one that you sign off on at check-in. As for the Encore itself, the Wynn/Encore have increased, significantly, the prices of everything, including room service which used to be reasonably priced. The buffet costs more but has gone downhill (try PH buffet instead). Housekeeping is fine except they won't replenish any of the toiletries until you're completely out. No slippers at the Encore (you get them at the Wynn). I liked the Encore pool and spa better than the Wynn's. Wazuzu was great. Not sure if the Encore is just worse than the Wynn or if the Wynn has likewise gone downhill. Totally unsure as to whether I will ever stay at either hotel again, due to this terrible experience.	
Jul 5 2009 	Very pretty but everything priced very steep	We stayed here for our honeymoon from June 29-July 4. Hotel and casino are beautiful, our room was nice, comfy bed, pretty bathroom but terrible view of Circus Circus and the Riviera. Try to get a room that faces the strip. Hotel is way to far away from everything else on the strip, I would recommend staying somewhere in the middle of the strip. I can say I have stayed there, but when we go back to Vegas we will stay somewhere like Mirage or MGM, you'll get more your money and be in a better location.	
Jul 5 2009 	Not up to expectations	This was a disappointing experience from check in to departure.Check in desk person had an attitude issue and started out our stay poorly. I am sure the lousy location of our room was her way of expressing her power over our stay. We had a lovely view of the roof with huge spotlights to light our stay. Just lovely.A warning siren went out on the first day and continued to shreik the same message for 30 minutes.We had no A/C the first night and awoke to a system wide failure on Day 2 that resulted in cold showers that morning and that evening before dinner. A letter from Mr. Wynn stated it was the only time in his history such a thing has happened. Just there at the right time apparently.Food was overpriced for quality and portion size. A very small bowl of fresh berries in the cafe had a 12.95 price tag and a veggie omellette was 15.95. And it was indeed just the omellette, not even served with a slice of toast. I had to ask three people to get a cup of coffee and the restaurant was almost empty.Luckily, we were close to the Capital Grille and Postrio at the Venetian so were able to enjoy two nice dinners with excellent food and service.Pools undersized for a resort of this size.Very little in the way of personal service.We are not fans of Las Vegas but expected to be wowed at Encore. It was a yawn.	
Jul 4 2009	Encore was Fabulous!	From arrival to departure our stay was perfect! We were upgraded to a panoramic view resort room and got 2 Queens non smoking room as requested. We got the 61st floor and the view was really nice. The beds are comfortable also. Maid service was always perfect.Bellman to all services were quick and given with a smile. I called housekeeping on day 1 and asked if I needed to call daily for turn down service and she told me no will note that and it was done EVERY night of our 9 day stay there. Room service was great and Stratta's Taste of Wynn menu was wonderful! Switch was nice but didn't top Stratta. Society Cafe has wonderful Frosted Flake French Toast. Actually all their food is good.The only thing that could have been better would have been a late checkout which was not available when I called down at 8 am. But it all worked out fine. Bags were stored and prompty there for the taxi to airport. I've stayed at Wynns before so would stay at either hotel again.A really great store Walgreens is just down and over the walkway by the Palazzao on the strip - great for 24 hr walk in clinic or for a last minute suitcase! Oh must mention the Encore SPA - the Good Luck Ritual is really amazing and LISA V -- the therapist I had the first time even came in the second time because I requested her! She is an excellent massage therapist - almost fell alseep! Can't wait to get back there!	
Jul 3 2009 	Another Great Stay	This was my third stay at the Encore Tower and Wynn Tower Suites this year. Both properties never fail to impress or wow each stay. Upon arrival at the Tower Suites, I was warmly greeted by a bellman who immediately offered assistance with luggage. At checkin, I was offered cold bottled water and chilled towels, a very nice touch. My keys and registration were already pre-printed before my arrival with all the amenities of my package outlined. My room was ready but not inspected yet so the front desk agent personally escorted me up to my room, Salon Suite E3506 (Strip view). I’ve only experienced this level of service upon arrival in upper tier hotels in Asia.  The room was extremely spacious almost to the point of wasted space. Everything was tastefully furnished in neutral colors in a refined residential decor. The suite was very open with a powder bath, a private massage room, dining area, huge wet bar, and large living area with a massive HDTV center stage flanked by floor to ceiling windows. You’ll find all the standard Encore touches like lighting with dimmer controls, and automatic shades and blackout drapes, slightly upgraded from the Wynn. The bathroom has a seperate bubble jet tub and shower, dual sinks on a large vanity, seperate toilet area, and two closets. Throughout the entire (midweek) stay, I was never bothered by any noises, either from neighboring rooms or the nightclub XS below as previous reviewers have noted.  Every square inch of the Encore is beautiful and well designed even to the smallest minute details. Every member of staff encountered from the pool, casino, reception, valets, and bellmen were friendly and exhibited a can-do attitude. Of special note was the incredible service and facilities of the Encore Spa. What a truly magnificent area of the hotel. It is hands down the most beautiful of all the spas in Las Vegas, possibly the world. My appointment in the afternoon was delayed 15 mins and I received a call from the Spa Manager in the morning profusely apologizing for the setback. The treatments are world class and worth every penny.  We dined at Society Cafe, The Country Club, and Daniel Boulud. All three were exceptional in food quality and service, especially Daniel Boulud. I have two words: mango souffle.  Yes, the Tower Suites are slightly more expensive (than the Resort rooms) but you get what you pay for. I have never heard anyone staying at a five star hotel say room service, dining, or mini bar charges are inexpensive. You will pay accordingly. I have also stayed before in the Resort Rooms of both hotels and while don’t expect to be waited on hand and foot, they are still quite good.  Both Wynn and Encore Resorts will undoubtedly be home when my travels bring me to Las Vegas.	
Jul 3 2009 	Very Enjoyable Stay	Had a really enjoyable 5 night stay at the hotel. Got a $105 rate with $75 resort credit + $25 gaming credit. The check in was quick on a 3pm Sunday afternoon on June 7, was offered an upgrade to a panoramic room for $25 extra a night, but declined.The rooms are really nice, very comfortable bed and good bathroom. Although a &quot;suite&quot; the standard encore room is about the same size as a Wynn panoramic room.Housekeeping was good and the room was cleaned well each day. When I checked in there was a problem with a loose toilet seat (!) but this was repaired the following day. So that was good.Plenty of elevators, so no queuing / crowding unlike other vegas hotels (mandalay bay, I'm talking to you)The pool area was good, use the european area to get away from the kids! Whilst I was there the staff we removing towels, so no lounger hogging was going on, which is good. The pool was never crowded, probably due to unusual June temperatures in the 80's rather than the 100's. It looks quite a small area, however having later stayed at the mirage, it's about the same size as their pool, but not as big as Mandalay Bay (but I think that's the biggest).Had a good dinner at Wazuzu so would recommend that, but not that impressed by Sinatra, fantastic presentation but taste didn't match up. Society Cafe's breakfast menu wasn't great, other than the ultimate steak sliders which were fantastic, service was patchy, if well meaning!The only downside was the sound proofing, yes you can hear your neighbours! But for me only on a couple of occassions, and XS if your room faces the pool. It's that low level, barely audible noise that you get from the club, but you know it's there it does irritate. My tip is to bring your ipod and use in in room ipod dock and play it quietly so your noise covers their noise.Location wise you are on the end of the centre strip, but I would recommend a trip to the peppermill a couple of blocks north for real vegas kitch experience. South seas Flamingos and purple neon, real old vegas! bonkers!I would definitely stay there again if the rates were good, but if they got back to 2007/8 levels then I would probably have to think about it.Overall it appears you get either a good or bad stay at encore, there's no middle ground, no such thing as an OK stay! Overall I would put my stay in the good category.	
Jul 2 2009 	The Best in Vegas	The Encore has the WOW factor going for it! Great rooms with modern decor which are huge, nice size bathroom. The pool area is meticulously landscaped. The spa area is very Zen like with Asian decor, a $30 charge if you are not having a treatment. The hotel is fairly well laid out, was able to check in after parking without having to go through the casino. Likewise, the pool is easy to get to from your room. Look for promo rates before booking, I got Encore for $109. The buffet is high priced but very good quality and variety of food. This is a resort you don't have to leave.	
Jul 1 2009 	Nice interiors average food terrible customer service	In general hotel was nice and clean, rooms are big and well apointed.The biggest problem is a customer service. It took us 3 hours to check in (after the advertised check in time).As it was mentioned in previous reviews, they promise to call you shortly as soon as the room is ready, which never happens.Only after going through several layers of management, listening to the explanation like &quot; should you folks opt for the smocking room instead you would be accomodated right away&quot; (our foult we don't smoke) we've got our room eventually.Then it took another hour and a half and several telephone calls to get the luggage from the bell desk. Overall - nice start.The following day we didn't get room service at all.The instruction was to push service button on a side of the entrance door.We did so 3 times during the day - nothing happened.When I call houskeepers around 7pm they told me that it was all my foult since I should call them to inform when we are leaving the room. Most people don't have this problems even in 1 star roadside motel.The best dining in Encore/ Wynn is buffet. Decent price for decent food.We tried 3 so called &quot;fine dining&quot; restaurants - it was a joke.Don't waist your money there - you'll get buffet left overs, supposangly prepared by famous shefs, unprofessional, basic service and pay for this dearly.	
Jun 30 2009 	Wow!	2 of my friends and I went for long weekend to Vegas and I just have to say &quot;wow&quot; for En core! Our check in went smoothly even though I requested a room with 2 double beds we ended up being upgraded to the &quot;panoramic&quot; view king suite with a roll away bed. (As per my friend-the rollaway bed wasn't bad at all!!!- She actually got the best view being right beside the floor to ceiling window) The decor was super trendy and beds were super comfy. Trendy Bathrooms were equipped with shower, full size tub and separate toilet with door including a flat screen tv. I judge a room by it's bathroom since a lot of trendy bathrooms can seem &quot;unclean and muggy&quot;. And Encore was exceptionally &quot;Clean&quot;We did have two minor incidences which included calling front desk for a blanket but never received it. We didn't end up needing it but still it would have been nice to have received it. We also encountered a very &quot;rude&quot; front desk personnel that seemed to be &quot;bothered&quot; with our questions of wanting to checkout an hour later (which you have to check back at 9:30 AM the day of checkout- we didn't end up needing since checkout is at noon and where to print out our boarding passes (which btw you can ask conceirge but make sure you bring your confirmation code). It probably didn't help that some lady cut us in line while we had already waited 10 minutes for the rude lady behind the counter. The pools and amenities were super nice and new. Really liked the &quot;europeon&quot; style pool but was always crowded. No matter early or late. I would suggest that they make it a rule that people can't save their seats all day by leaving their towels on the chairs. It's really inconsiderate since most people only layout for at most an hour or so. We also enjoyed the nightclub XS which is a loungey club poolside with partial indoor. The set up is open and free flowing but would have liked a few more men staff. As we women were &quot;ignored&quot; by girl bartenders all night. We also had pre-drinks at Society which we were personally invited by a Blush club promoter by the pool. Overall We all really enjoyed staying at the Encore. (which has a separate entrance from Wynn)	
Jun 29 2009 	Tower Suites - Divine	Stayed for four nights at the Encore Tower Suites and from the first moment, the experience was first rate.The dedicated driveway and lobby for the Tower Suites was a great touch as we were greeted right away by the bellhop who took care of our luggage. We were greeted with a cold hand towel and bottled water at the registration desk and was promptly provided with our room. Our luggage was delivered right way once we were in our room, and they took care to outline the amenities included in the Tower Suites.There is nightly turndown service with chocolates and slippers provided. Your choice of newspaper is delivered every morning as well. While the Encore Tower Suites does not have a pool and restaurant in the lobby like at the Wynn, guests do have access to the Tower Suites pool at the Wynn and your room key acts as a line pass for the buffet.Restaurants at the Encore and Wynn were great. Highly recommend DB Brasserie for the food as we had our best meal there. Terrace Point Cafe and Tableau are perfect for breakfast; the Wynn buffet is definitely one of the best out there. As for the nightclubs, note that XS does not keep a guest list for Friday and Saturday. Blush on Thursday is Ladies' Night.While the Encore is far from most things on the strip - it's likely a good kilometre walk from the Encore Tower Suites to the Wynn's front door - we liked the fact that it wasn't too busy and provided some seclusion from the usual crowds. Definitely a great place to stay if you're looking for relaxation. Spa facilities are great, though you need to pay for access daily at $30 or three days for $75. Classes offered are available for an additional $10 each.With the discounts available right now, it is worth staying.	
Jun 26 2009 	Wynn Hotel Much Better	We stayed at Encore this past week and would most likely not stay there again. We have stayed at the Wynn a year before and enjoyed that much better. Pros1) Nice rooms 2) Very very clean hotel3) great comfortable beds4) Good staff5) Good food (just $$$)Negatives1) The entire hotel lost hot water service for almost 30 hours and only received a $50 resort credit for this inconvenience. (Thats 3 drinks at the pool - hotel should of given all guests a free nights stay at the least)2) Pool is way to small and on weekends past 10am you can't get a chair.3) Way to expensive for drinks and food ($8 for water, $15 for weak drinks at the pool!)4) $15 a day for internet at a 5 star hotel!!! (should be free since everyone needs it in todays time)Overall the Encore is a nice hotel just not as nice as its advertised. The charges for every little thing gets old quick for a 5 star hotel.	
Jun 25 2009 	Wynn Excellence - Part II	After staying at Wynn several times, we decided to stay next door at the Wynn Encore. Encore was a continuation of the high quality and personable service and elegant setting that we expected from a Wynn property. The rooms seemed slightly larger than the Wynn rooms next door and were plush. They were well appointed and very clean. There was a cafe conveniently located at the bottom of the elevators so morning coffee/pastries required minimal effort.According to my lovely bride (of 19 years), the spa was fabulous, and she is very picky about spas.The location is great for those with spouse that like to shop - the Fashion Show mall is right across the street to keep her occupied while you gamble.Drinks are &quot;resort priced&quot; at the casino bars, but high quality drinks (12 yr Macallen) are free at the tables and slots.	
Jun 25 2009 	I Don't Think We'll Go Back	We stayed at Encore this past weekend to celebrate my husband's birthday. We expected everything to be perfect at a Wynn property, but it was far from it. First, when I called to make our reservations, the agent said they would make a note of my husband's birthday, and the hotel would send a basket of some sort to our room. Also, when we checked into the hotel, the desk agent again said they would be sending something to our room to acknowledge DH's birthday. We were there from Friday afternoon until Monday afternoon, and nothing arrived at our room. Thank goodness I hadn't told him to expect anything from the hotel. Second, there was the issue of not having any hot water Saturday. Although we received a $50 credit on our invoice, we still can't believe something like this could happen at Encore. To say the showers we took that day were *cold* would be an understatement.  Third, we dined in-room Saturday evening. When we placed our order at 9:10, we were told our meals would arrive at 9:40. At 9:50 we received a call saying our food would be delayed another 5 minutes. It was much longer than 5 minutes; our food didn't arrive for over an hour. We were charged $66.00 for a couple of pizzas, so the least they could have done was to deliver them on time.  Fourth, Sunday, which was DH's birthday, as well as being Father's Day, we tried to eat at the buffet, starting at 1:00 pm. We waited in line for over an hour and were still nowhere even close to the cashier. I understand that a larger number of guests than usual dined there because of Father's Day, but that wasn't the issue. Guests should have been told when they joined the long line that the wait was almost 2 hours. As it was, after we waited in line so long and realized we still had an equally long wait, we finally just left and went somewhere else to have lunch. Last but not least, charging for wifi at a luxury hotel is just wrong. It's a part of everyone's daily lives now, so it should be included in the room charge, the same as a telephone is. All these issues could - and should - have been avoided. I understand it takes time for a new hotel to work out the bugs, but Encore has been open long enough that things like these shouldn't be happening.	
Jun 25 2009 	May only stay here going forward	Checked in at 10 a.m. Saturday June 20th. Room wasn't ready, which was expected that early. Wasn't offered the upgrade that many have wrote about. Wasn't going to accept it anyway. We were on the 60th floor with a view out the back towards the mountains. Strip would have been cool at night though but no complaints. We were told about the water main break in the hotel when we arrived but didn't affect us because by the time we went to use the shower at 5 after using the pool it was fixed and still got the 50 dollar credit for the inconvienance.Room was very clean with a great modern clean look. Casino and lobby had a very high end feel. Lots of natural light. I liked that no matter how much you were playing they asked for your card so they could rate you. we were playing 20 dollars normally a spin on roulette and they wanted our card. At the Bellagio last year, even playing 25 dollar a hand blackjack nobody ever asked for our card.Pool at Encore was great atmosphere. We used the adult pool and service was excellent, always a waitress ready to take your order. Drinks were expensive but they are marked in the menu. Nobody is forcing you to buy them. What we had was very good. Didn't order any food because it looked pre-made. Ate lunch at The Country Club in the Wynn. Great spot, even better prime rib sandwich. That sandwich will be part of me vegas itinerary going forward.Had dinner at Bartolotta. Good not great. We did multiple seafood pasta dishes and while the fish was very fresh, the pasta was just ok. Sea Bass tortelini was not memorable and risotto with clams, calamari, etc. was way to buttery. The inside setting was kind of blah, we got a table outside near the lagoon so that was very nice but I would have not eaten there if I couldn't get the outside table. I would have hit up B&amp;B in the Venetian/Palazzo. Ate there is August 08, had 8 entrees, one better than the next.Encore has a great location, connected to Wynn, which connects to Pallazo via sky bridge. Did XS club on Sunday night. great indoor outdoor setup. Encore gave us free passes, would have been 30 for me, 20 for my wife without it. Drinks are expensive, 20 dollars for 2 Miller Lites. But a cool expierence. Club has dancers everywhere and they are trying to make it a pool party but 99 percent of people are unaware and don't show up ready to swim. We left at 12:45 so who knows what happened after that.All in all excellent stay. In August 08 stayed at Bellagio but wanted to try something different this time, next time I won't want to try something different.	
Jun 24 2009 	ENCORE SHOULD FIRE ITS HOTEL MANAGER	I've stayed at the Wynn on more than 3 ocassions and my first time had very dissapointing reviews, they dont know the meaning of CUSTOMER SERVICE, but now the ENCORE completely won the tittle. I stayed from jun.17-jun.23 and was there for the &quot;NO HOT WATER 24 HRS ORDEAL&quot; I dont care for the $50 refund, but the answers you get from the front desk are un deserving of a 5 star hotel. &quot;we dont know when the water will be back&quot; &quot;we cant move you to the Wynn its full (yeah right!)&quot; People tell Mr. Wynn he's lost its hospitality touch. I dont mind paying for good food and excellent service but we had breakfast at the Society Cafe 4 persons, 5 dishes (eggs, hotcakes, sandwich) chocolate milk, coffee and 1 beer and our bill was over $140! What??? Then you have to walk to the Wynn if you want the Buffett. Sorry but The Palazzo, the Venitian and my all time favorite The Bellagio are your best bets in luxury and spacious suites. Dont bother really.....	
Jun 24 2009 	Why didn't I read these rip-off reviews first?	My wife and I, frequent Las Vegas visitors but new to the Encore, got caught in the front desk &quot;upgrade scam.&quot; We were told that for $50 dollars extra we would be upgraded to the &quot;Tower Suites&quot; We were promised a suite with floor to ceiling windows, private entrance, separate pool (this pool is located all the way in the Wynn a long walk in wet bathing suits) Sounded like a great deal so we did it. When we left our room we decided to see what the room we were scheduled to get looked like. You guessed it, the room was exactly the same. It was a suite, with floor to ceiling windows. In other words, they got us. I can't believe Steve Wynn condones this. He seems like such a great guy who really changed the face of Vegas with the opening of the Mirage. We were so pissed at being taken we checked out the next morning and went to another hotel where they know how to treat customers. Front desk manager was overwhelmed with irate customers when we went down to complain. The place is gorgeous but they have a lot to learn about taking advantage of customers.	
Jun 24 2009 	I was scared at first but it was awesome!	I read the TripAdvisor reviews religiously, so I was more than scared about staying at the Encore after all the customer service complaints, especially because we got such a cheap rate through Orbitz (3 nights and RT airfare for 2 from Chicago for $800). I thought for sure we'd be put in the basement, if in a room at all.So, I wasn't surprised, but did have a sinking feeling, when we arrived on Sunday to check in and were told our room wasn't ready - it was 4pm - well past check in time. It was especially maddening because the person being checked in next to us not only got a room, but was asked about upgrading to a higher floor for $20/night. They offered to call us when a room became available, and having done this at other hotels and never gotten a call back, I wasn't planning on that phone call, but checking in again after a beer. Anyway, we went to the bar with our luggage to wait - and all I could think was that at least these free nuts are good (we had two bowls). About 30 minutes after arriving my husband got a call apologizing for the room not being ready and asking if we'd like a complimentary upgrade. Man, did things change from there - we were checked in immediately to the 51st floor with an amazing view of the Strip! Everything from then on was awesome - housekeeping answered immediately when I requested our sheets be turned down - the concierge didn't treat me like an idiot (and also answered on the first ring) when I called to ask how to open the curtains. The room had these great robes, and TV in the bathroom and I could have just spent the trip alternating between the shower and the fluffy/comfy bed. The pool is absolutely incredible - the bloody marys to die for - and every single staff person we came into contact with was friendly, accomodating, and very helpful. I would definitely recommend others to stay there, especially if you get the kind of rate we did - having stayed at multiple places on the strip, this was by far the finest...	
Jun 24 2009 	HORRIBLE customer service	Please spend your money elsewhere. My experience here was horrible. I noticed when trying to book my room through the Wynn/Encore website that it didn't give you an option of 1K or 2Q beds. So before booking the room through the website, I called the front desk at Encore and asked them how I can specify that I want 2Q beds. I was told to put a note under the comments that I want 2Qs. I even called the morning I was leaving for Vegas and the representative confirmed I will be getting a room with 2Q beds. I got to the hotel and was told they do not have a 2Q room available to me but a complimentary roll away bed will be sent to our room within the next few minutes. We waited for over an hour until we decided to call housekeeping and they told us they will be bringing one over within the next half hour. 30 min later...nothing. We called again and housekeeping would not pick up, so we called guest services and were told we would get the roll away soon. Since we were going out that evening, we told them they can enter the room and leave the bed there. We came back at 2am and there was still no extra bed! We called housekeeping and they finally fessed up that they have no more roll aways available. That was all the explanation we got from them. So we spoke with one of the hotel managers (probably an assistant manager) and all he kept offering us was a $50 resort credit for the inconvenience. After he got the point that we were still very upset and would much rather get our second bed, SUDDENLY there just happened to be an available room with 2Q's at 4am! The fact that it took that much work to get our well deserved 2nd bed is ridiculous. PLEASE DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY AT THIS HOTEL! I have NEVER had such a problem at the Venetian and Palazzo.	
Jun 23 2009 	Almost not quite perfect...	Encore is a terrific property that combines lovely facilities, great restaurants and excellent service, but suffers from some inconsistencies that mar what could be LV's best property.We arrived on a Friday and had no trouble checking in at noon. Our &quot;upgraded&quot; &quot;Panoramic view&quot; room on the 14th floor was no different than any other room we saw. The bed was good quality, the linens were excellent and closet space was ample. The floor to ceiling windows helped open up the room and make it seem more expansive. The bathrooms are huge and well-appointed with a separate shower and bath and double sinks. Our room was on a low floor and faced the pool area which meant that room noise from the XS club was in full effect every night. I'm a heavy sleeper so it never bothered me, but it would definitely be a problem for a more sensitive person. Service was first class and efficient. Valet cars were delivered promptly, the front desk handled all questions and requests immediately. The property is spotless as workers constantly polish door handles and glass removing al traces of fingerprints and smudges. The lobby and casino areas were gorgeous with lots of &quot;lucky&quot; red splattered around the public areas. The two pools were are bit tight for the space they occupied and virtually all the chaises were occupied by 10AM on a week-end. I've read complaints about drink pricing at the pools and bars, and while it is expensive it's no different than properties of same quality in New York, Miami or any other big destination.I too was there on the Saturday where the hotel had major engineering problems and no hot water. My wife had been at a spa and showered earlier that day while I took a brief, cold shower with little pain. For me the $50 resort credit was apology enough, but I understand that for others this interruption might have been way more of an inconvenience. I've read a few months of Encore reviews here on TA and there have been occasional hot water lapses so this is an ongoing problem at this property. This is still a young hotel so they can hopefully solve this problem and move on, but it is troubling. My little brother told me on Saturday &quot;Hey, I paid $40 at the Sahara and *we* have hot water. Other engineering problems exist too. My wife bought a spa day pass on Sunday to hang out with girlfriends that were getting treatments, but then found that the sauna wasn't working. She was refunded the $30/day charge but was disappointed that the one amenity that she really wanted to use was unavailable. For rooms, service, gaming and amenities Encore can't be beat. I'd certainly stay here again, but I am troubled by the various outages and engineering problems. If they can stay consistent this will me a top property for years to come.	
Jun 22 2009 	NO HOT WATER !! Worst experience.	We checked in on Thursday. After we come back from pool on Friday afternoon, there was no hot water!! We complained and waited more than 1 hour then finally hot water came out. On saturday, from morning to late afternoon, there is totally no hot water, we had 2 babies can not take hot shower. they only gave us $50.....what a FXXX!?AT least they should give us money back for one night!! customer service was worst person to talk to in the hotel.... it was worst experience!! by the way, no hot water at pool, spa, and everywhere!!	
Jun 22 2009 	TERRIBLE SERVICE-	I have stayed in hotels in AC that had nicer suites and customer service then the encore. The rooms were small for the money, the food in the hotel was nothing special, and the service was awful. On Friday night there was no hot water, we called down to complain and they said that I was the only room with that problem and they would send maintenance up right away! I waited 45 mins and nobody came up. So I called down again, and they told me that everyone was having that problem and that I could go shower in the spa. They could have at least told me they weren't sending anyone up! The hot water went back on about 3 hours later. The next morning at 8 we got a message saying the hot water was off again in the entire hotel, including the spa. They said it would be back on by 1. Well we checked out at 4, and still no hot water. I was furious, all our dinner plans were ruined because we were unable to shower for a day and a half. When you pay for a hotel in Vegas, you pay basically for a nice place to get ready. Not just to sleep. The front desk was very unhelpful and rude. All we got was a late checkout and 50 room credit. Besides waiting for a 1/2 hr for the maintenance man to come, (and never showing up &amp; not telling me)..I also waited about 30 mins for a security guard about a noise complaint at 4:30 am in the hallway...and he never showed up as well.Basically this hotel has terrible customer service. They don't follow through with what they say and don't know how to handle problems at all. I think the guests deserved a little more than 50 dollars for such an inconvienence....don't stay here!!!	
Jun 22 2009 	Never Again	Serious service issues at every turn. The employees must all still be in training. If you're looking for 5-star service go elsewhere. It's definitely not here.	
Jun 22 2009 	Glitchy	My wife and I stayed at the Encore Tower Suites Jun 19-21 for our anniversary. I had booked directly through the hotel website to take advantage of good rates and a resort credit package.Let me preface the review by mentioning that we have stayed in most of the hotels on the Strip over the years so I have a reasonable perspective for comparison. I'll also mention we experienced the hot water problem noted in other reviews - more on that later. From what I gather, the Tower Suites operate as a &quot;hotel within a hotel&quot; as the checkin desk described, catering to only a few hundred guests. It appears the Tower consists of the 3-4 rooms on each floor on the west end of the Encore hotel.The Good - we arrived on Friday evening around 5:00, so we had the usual airport congestion and road traffic. One of the best features of the Encore Tower Suites is the separate portico entry outside and separate lobby/check-in. This was WONDERFUL. Staff was very professional and made us feel welcome from the moment we stepped out of the cab. Bell staff was great and the front desk was uncrowded and very nice. When asked about the nature of our stay, we mentioned it was our anniversary and were later that night pleasantly surprised to find a wonderful chocolate tray with &quot;Happy Anniversary&quot; on it, with a nice handwritten card from the desk. Very nice touch. Overall the checkin was perfect - cool towels and bottled water to boot. That alone might make the Encore Tower Suites worth the upgrade. We also had spa treatments, and the Encore spa is the best I've used. Very very nice and relaxing.We were on the 62nd floor which offered stunning views of the Wynn and down the strip. The floor to ceiling windows were outstanding. Other reviewers have posted pics and described the rooms. Overall, very clean, modern, with the remote control light, drape and privacy sign controls right near the bed. Very cool. Bathroom was excellent. In room safe was a nice feature.Minor annoyances - a few things were mildly annoying for a hotel positioned in this class of service. On check-in I was asked if I would like a complimentary paper in the mornings. I said 'yes', the NY Times. The desk said they would be delighted to provide that. I never did receive it, only the local LV paper. Also, the lovely chocolate plate mentioned above was charged to my bill. I don't expect too many freebies at a hotel like the Encore, but I didn't ask for nor approve of the charge. This annoyance was offset by the fact that we enjoyed the plate but nonetheless it was a bit presumptive. Also there were times when our phone did not connect to any hotel services - front desk, concierge, nothing. And our cell phones did not work in the hotel (we use T-Mobile and the bell staff said TMo and Verizon do not seem to work inside the hotel).Major annoyances - OK, our experience with the hot water. Friday evening we were readying to go out to dinner and - no hot water. I called the front desk and they confirmed that the whole hotel was without hot water with no estimated time for a fix. So we went out as-is, without showering - just some basic cleanup with cold water. The next morning - still no hot water and we had Spa treatments scheduled. Many treatments were canceled for the day as the spa had limited to no hot water either - only a shower or two. The steam room was working. The hot tubs were not hot. My wife's pedicure in the salon was with tepid water. The spa did offer 20% off the treatments we were able to do, which was a nice gesture.Back in our room, we had oil and spa-residue in our hair and on our bodies - still no hot water. Later in the afternoon there was a note from Steve Wynn in the room explaining that there was a major water line problem that would take until the evening to fix. The letter stated he and the staff were embarrassed and they were offering a $50 credit for the inconvenience. We kept trying the hot water in our room and it finally came back late evening. We were never notified of the estimated time to fix or that it was indeed back on. This problem was limited only to the Encore, as the Wynn kept hot water service throughout.Upon checkout, my bill was about $800 over what I was expecting. We had used room charging for most activities such as dining and the spa, but it was very much more than expected for such a short trip. The package I booked was a pre-pay, but the room was listed again each night for nearly double the rate I had agreed to pay (and had in fact paid already). The front desk seemed a bit confused and I had to dig around and find my online reservations and receipt. In the end, they found the real pricing but were unable to explain why they had added the room charges again to my bill. Again, while they apologized I felt like I had to sort of argue with them to get this understood and fixed. So why 3 out of 5 stars? Service overall was good. The staff seemed to try hard to greet you, open doors, make you feel welcome, etc. Again, the separate entry and check-in is wonderful for the Tower suites. But this is not an inexpensive resort so to me it's fair to have high expectations. Even discounted room rates aren't trivial for a weekend getaway and I felt like I was being nickel and dimed (or in the case of the Encore/Wynn - &quot;tenned and twentied&quot;) for everything. Dining is pricey. A typical mixed drink at the bar out by the pool was $14 (strawberry margarita, non top shelf). The hot water issue, while it could happen to any hotel....hasn't ever happened to me at any other hotel. And during the entire problem, we felt like we were just supposed to guess what to do next. Really bad communication and I guess not enough.....&quot;humility&quot;? from the resort. In the end, when I stay at a hotel I want a nice comfortable place to sleep and a place to get clean and ready to go about my trip. The bed indeed was nice. But spending the majority of our trip without hot water to shower or shave and have no sense of when it would be fixed, and then no substantive acknowledgement that this negatively impacted quests was a major turn off to the Encore. The hotel has so much potential and I wanted very much to find perfection there. But in the end it was too inconsistent, too pricey in the wrong places, too...glitchy to recommend. I went away not having enjoyed my stay as much as I had wanted. If the hot water issue had not occurred, I might have rated the hotel a 4 out of 5 but still would have keep looking for another higher end resort.For the bottom line money I spent, I expected to walk away having found our new LV destination. We'll have to keep looking.One other note that may be factoring into my Encore/Wynn experience. We booked (ahead of time) a patio table at the Daniel Boulloud restaurant at the Wynn. I wanted to enjoy the quirky Lake of Dreams shows with dinner. The restaurant was fine, but our table - while on the patio - was crammed back into a service corner with no view of the lake. To boot, in the middle of the second LOD show, the show stopped abruptly (crashed) and that was that. Glitchy.	
Jun 22 2009 	Absolutely Perfect	We stayed here for a week in May and it was amazing. The check in was swift and polite but friendly, the lifts were easy to find, and our standard room was incredible. We didn't have amazing views (7th floor - North Strip towards Fremont Street) but this didn't matter, it was still lovely. The bathroom was great, and the bed was SO comfortable.We went to the pool most days, and the free towels and iced water were perfect for the first few hours, after which we moved over to the pool bar to get some shade and drinks. The pool is perfect, not too cold but cold enough to cool you down, and the sunloungers were very comfortable.We ate at the Terrace Restaurant (Wynn) for breakfast and lunch a few times and had varied service (although to be fair this varied between good and great). Don't eat outside if you don't like birds tho, there are sparrows everywhere (although they always seemed to wait until you'd finished with your meal, which was polite I thought). We also ate at Botero on our last night and although it's a steak house they provided excellent vegetarian food for me (with some advance warning).I had intended to try a spa experience, but as the exchange rate wasn't so great for us I changed my mind, but the facilities looked lovely.Location-wise it was fine, opposite Fashion Show Mall, so walking distance to some of the other hotels, and easy enough to get a bus or a taxi to the others (we walked to Bellagio and back one day, which, at 3 months pregnant in 35 degree heat, was my limit).All in all I would love to stay there again if we ever go back to Vegas.	
Jun 21 2009 	The Fish Stinks from the Head	My wife and I just returned from a three night stay at Encore (6/17 – 6/20). The stay started out well. Check-in went smoothly and we upgraded to a slightly larger room on the 53rd floor that was nicely appointed and included a panoramic view of Las Vegas through floor to ceiling windows. Being a new hotel, the room had some nice amenities, such as bedside controls for the blinds and curtains. You can also request privacy or maid service from the bedside controls.As other reviewers have stated, the pool experience is subpar, even for a lesser hotel. The waitress service in the euro deck area was sometimes non existent and we had to go to the bar three times ourselves to get drinks and food. They were out of several food items and even some of the supplies need to make all of the standard drinks on the menu. When you do get the food, it is disappointing to see that it is standard pre-packaged food that you would find at a large grocery store chain. Friday afternoon, things headed downhill. Upon returning to our room around 5pm after a day of shopping, we discovered that there was no hot water. We contacted the front desk and were told that the hot water was out in the entire tower and the problem was being worked on. At 11pm there was still no hot water, which was a big disappointment because, given that it was Friday night, we had to scrap our plans to have dinner at a nice restaurant and then go to a club. Saturday morning we awoke around 8:30am and retrieved a voice message from our phone from the hotel management that was left around 7:30am indicating that the hot water problem was still being worked on, but that hot water was expected to be restored by early afternoon. By the time we checked out at 2pm there was still no hot water. Thus, there was no hot water for at least 21 hours and counting.At checkout we asked to speak to a manager about the lack of hot water and were offered $50 credit per person. I asked to have a credit for the full Friday night room charge, which was $229, but they would not give us anything more than $100 ($50 for each of us). My wife and I left Encore very disappointed. We should be clear that we have no issue with the fact that the water problem occurred—that can happen anywhere. The problem we had was that the hotel management was not proactive in doing something for the guests who had been staying at the hotel and had no hot water for 21 hours. Furthermore, when confronted with the issue at checkout, all that was offered was a $50 credit per person. I had wondered aloud to my wife whether Steve Wynn, the owner of the Encore, knew about the water problem, given how many people were affected—possibly hundreds. The front desk manager told me that he indeed was personally aware of the problem and that he was the person who decided to offer the $50 per person credit and nothing else. So, this issue which affected the stay of so many people was in fact raised to the highest level of management.What could they have done different? I am not in the hotel business, but several things come to mind. Instead of waiting until checkout to offer a paltry credit, they could have invited the guests to eat at the buffet, or perhaps visit the spa and use the showers there (I later learned that the spa had hot water). Instead they chose to do nothing other than to acknowledge the problem and provide an update on when it might be fixed, even after 22 hours with no hot water. The owner and management of Encore exercised poor judgment by not proactively addressing the problem and instead waiting until guests checked out to offer the $50 credit, which did not even cover the room charge. This was very disappointing from a hotel that claims to be the best Las Vegas has to offer! Because of this incident, my wife and I will likely not return to Encore or the Wynn. While both hotels are nice, our concern is that if another event occurs that requires management intervention, that the issue would not be resolved with the best interests of the guest in mind.I will conclude by saying that there’s an old management saying that “The fish stinks from the head.” Given that, according to the front desk manager, Steve Wynn himself knew of the problem and offered the $50 credit at checkout, the saying certainly applies.	
Jun 20 2009 	Amazing the ONLY place to stay on the strip	I'd just like to say that my stay at Encore has completely ruined me for staying at any other hotel in Las Vegas. We arrived on a Sunday and after flashing my '$20 trick,' I politely requested to be moved from the 39th floor to the 54th strip view floor. I don't really know if it was the tip that worked or just being persistent and friendly. I do believe that any of the higher floors are considered an upgrade as I overheard a conversation between another couple and the desk clerk discussing a &quot;$25 nightly charge&quot; to be on a higher floor. In any case, the hotel room was absolutely FABULOUS with GORGEOUS views. The Encore casino itself was extremely clean, the cleanest on the strip. I constantly saw housekeeping staff going around and wiping down all of the machines. I'm attaching some photos, so you can view for yourself.Everyone in the hotel was both friendly and personable, willing to help when needed instead of some places where they pretend not to see/hear you :P. Of all the hotels/casinos we visited, only at Encore and Sam's Town did someone open the doors for you (surprising since we also visited the Bellagio, Venetian, etc). BTW, if interested, I will be writing a full review of Sam's Town tomorrow complete with pictures, which I find to be a family friendly off-strip resort complete with a separate non-smoking casino. Which reminds me, Encore was the least smoky of all the casinos that we visited, I rarely saw anyone smoking there (yay). If you check my screenname in a couple days, you can find reviews of the various restaurants at Encore, but I highly recommend visiting Wynn's Champagne Sunday Brunch, or the Buffet at any time. It was the highest quality and freshest food of any Buffet that I have ever visited. We occasionally go to some rather extravagent restaurants, and I would compare the food at the Wynn Buffet to some of those restaurants. I don't like to diss, but I would skip the Bellagio Buffet. More than just a few dishes we tried there seemed to be spoiled, the desserts were unimaginative and plain, comparative to any $8 buffet that you can find in your own hometown. BTW, their prime rib was tough and was not tasty. Also notable mention includes Tableau for breakfast, and Daniel Boulud (had the best seafood/shellfish that I have ever had the honor to taste, and I grew up on the beach where fishermen brought in their catches directly to the market). Society cafe was nice for a lunch, nice atmosphere with a view of the casino.Just to note, we found a deal on slickdeals.net for our room, it was $109/night and gave us a $50 resort credit and $25 slot play. Oh, can't forget to say that I found Encore to have loosest slots, even over Wynn. I know some other people might try to argue this, but maybe they are better because Encore is new and less crowded and wanting to attract people? We gambled there every morning for about 4-5 hours. The first day we used our $25 slot credit and my $10 slot credit to play for about 5 hours and didn't spend another dime. Other days had similar experiences, I think the most we spent per person was $30-$40 and got all the free coffees/specialty drinks we wanted. We played &quot;Wizard of Oz&quot; and some &quot;Star Trek&quot; game that my husband loved, (he is sorta a star trek geek ;) . Those two seemed to pay out more and have more bonus games than any of the others we played in the casino. Well, closing for now, enjoy the pictures! (btw, internet service there is an extra $15/day)P.S. People dress to come here, dressy/casual and dress shorts, all the way to stiletto heels and tuxedos. People did not wear jeans or scruffy t shirts. Everyone is clean. It isn't an ostentatious place, there were all walks of people there, it is just that everyone wore the best they had and took a shower before arriving :P I am a nurse and my hubby is a software engineer, we felt very comfortable (meaning that we aren't wealthy and didn't feel out of place there).	
Jun 20 2009 	NO HOT WATER	Checked in on a Friday afternoon, all was going well until night time when the hot water went out. Luckly we showered after we got back from the pool. The hot water seemed to have gone out some time before midnight (Friday night). So, here we are 5:10pm, Saturday evening and still no hot water. We called and complained about it and asked for at least one night be taken off our bill and nothing. The hotel managers said the best they can do is give us a $50.00 concession. We called and complained 3 times during the day and still nothing. Customer service was terrible, basically said &quot;too bad their is no hot water, it will come on when it comes on.&quot;I stopped gambling here and can not wait to check out of this hotel. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!	
Jun 18 2009 	Incredible 5-star rooms	I am a total unabashed hotel snob. This hotel totally did it for me. The rooms are gorgeous. The bathrooms are gorgeous. As for the rest of the hotel, the pool is very nice, and there's an &quot;adults only&quot; pool which keeps the obnoxious kid level wayyy down. The hotel is kind of at the far end of the strip, but it is close to the Peppermill, which I highly recommend for a nightcap (skip the food, go straight to the fireside lounge).	
Jun 18 2009 	Very Disappointing	Stayed at this hotel but was not as I hoped. Upon check in (6 girls) we were toldthat they only had king size beds. Cots were available but took three extra phonecalls and arrived close to 1 a.m. Stayed on the side where you could see the poolsand Las Vegas from the 21st floor. The noise from the night club (constant pounding)went until 4 am every morning. Several calls down to change rooms with no response.The hotel is a beautiful property but lack of interest in what customers are concernedabout was very apparent. Upon check out voiced my concerns again but was toldthat the manager was too busy to see us. Have sent a e-mail to customer serviceon our return and have yet to hear from them.Very Disappointing!!	
Jun 18 2009 	Non-smoking room is only a request not guaranteed	My only complaint at the Encore was that non-smoking rooms were not available per my request when I checked in at 8pm. I had to upgrade ($25) per room, per day in order to get the type of room that I had requested.	
Jun 17 2009 	The Encore is a jewel on the Strip	After reading many reviews about this place, thought I would share my impressions. First off, no matter how much you paid for your room, remember this is a 5 star hotel. NOTHING is cheap in it or about it. THE HOTEL: I was given a room on the 35th floor with a chance to upgrade for an additional $20/night (I passed). The room had a north facing view - I heard nothing from the nightclub, or the hallway. One night I heard parts of a conversation from the next room but I think it was a fluke that we happened to both be sitting on the sofa. The flat screen TV couldn't have been any bigger. The remote control everything - lights/drapes/etc. was great too. Warning - the bathroom toilet flushes as if it were designed by the same people who engineered airplane lavatories. Hotel common spaces are out-of-this-world (in the morning staff could be seen hand-picking dead material leaves off of the plants). Chandliers, carpets, everything was bright and shiny as could be.THE SPA: Amazing. I used the spa area (fitness center), steam room, jacuzzi a couple of times during my visit. Very relaxing. Even put my feet up and watched a quarter of the NBA Finals in the lounge afterward. Not sure how the spa treatments were because I didn't indulge.THE POOL: I read others post about how the pools at Encore were too small, and/or too noisy. They were fine to me but then I wasn't here to lounge poolside for hours at a time. Went early one morning (9ish) and at 5 on a different day. Sat in the European section since it was the shadier option given the design of the builidngs. It was an adult crowd, not wild in the least. The &quot;family&quot; pool area was much more crowded but there were seats available in both areas. Never saw anyone in the pool side cabanas. Drink prices: one word - expensive. Take a nip from the bottle in your room before you go down to the pool. The FOOD: I ate breakfast at Tableau (Wynn) every morning. Unbelievable! If you eat the (shredded) Kobe short ribs and eggs for breakfast you can skip lunch. Not just filling but GOOD and filling. Also had the french toast and cream of wheat - not a bad bite in any of my meals.THE SLOTS/TABLES: I am not a gambler. Was able to make $10 last for an hour (2 drinks) playing 25 cent slots. For table players, there is an incentive to get up early. Not sure if its advertised or for how long but I saw with my own eyes $5 tables at both Encore and Wynn every morning as I began my trek over to the Venetian (before 9am).THE LOCATION: Many mentioned how &quot;far away&quot; Encore is from the action. Personally I liked that. I had to walk to the Venetian for my conference everyday. From my door to the meeting rooms of the Venetian took roughly 15-20 minutes. I'm a fast walker and I didn't stop to window shop. Walked from Encore down to Caesar's to have dinner at Bradley Ogden one night. Didn't time it but it had to be 25 minutes (ped traffic doesn't move as fast in Las Vegas). Went as far down as the Bellagio to check out the fountains. The trek back took a good 30 minutes. If 30 minutes is too long (or you have shorter legs), worry not, cabs are plentiful, the self-park gargages are open and the Duece was coming and going quite often. In summary, if/when I go back to Las Vegas I won't stay anywhere else.	
Jun 17 2009 	A hotel that sets a new basic standard for a five star experience	In my previous and first trip to Las Vegas this past January, I stayed at TheHotel adjacent Mandalay Bay on the opposite end of the strip. At the conclusion of that review, I said I was so impressed with the experience that out of the many, many Vegas choices, I would return to TheHotel on the next trip.I lied.After a $110 a night offer I couldn't refuse, I decided to alternate to the north side of the strip on this trip and attempt Encore. As i've said in previous reviews, i'm one of those people who hunts and pecks through sites like Trip Advisor trying to find the perfect hotel with the least amount of negativity in the reviews. Having just come back from Encore and read some of the more recently posted negative reviews, I've come to conclude what's an obvious reality: Not everybody's experience is going to be perfection, and sites like these do tend to seek out and lure those that did *not* have a good experience.That being said, Encore's world class. There's no other way to put that. I live in northern california and i'm not near a whole lot. I'm not a world traveler, and I don't have money to blow on a regular basis. When I do blow it, I blow it a couple times a year on a vacation experience that's hopefully five star. I can now safely say that not only is Encore fully worth my money, it's five star.On arrival at 6pm on a Saturday, we were checked in with no wait. On mentioning we were celebrating a birthday for this trip, we were upgraded to a Panoramic view (Top 10 floors) room at no charge. While the view is important to me, and I did have high hopes for a strip view, I ended up with the opposite north-facing view. Did I care anyway? No. Was the panoramic, crystal clear window view of the northern strip and downtown Las Vegas phenomenal and amazing to look out at at night? Absolutely.The rooms are amazing, simply put. I have all the same fears a lot of people do. Bad housekeeping, poorly sound-insulated walls, uncomfortable beds, etc. I found none of that. It's a brand new five star hotel, and it shows in every way and every detail. From the automatic curtains, to the incredible bed linens, to the high definition swiveling television, to the touch sensor bedside controller that allows you to choose different variations of lighting throughout the room, it's a new definition for five star. I heard no noise from my neighbors. I heard barely any noise from the hall. I slept very nicely in an amazingly comfortable bed. Is the hotel perfect in every single way? Obviously not. No hotel is. $14 a day for WiFi access is still a dissapointment but seems to be a recurring theme in most high-end strip hotels. It's also, quite honestly, a tad bit of a hike to get from the Encore elevator bank to the front end of Wynn. But when you're hiking through meticulously designed esplanades that feature all-natural lighting and marble with colored designs and flowers all over the place, along with rows of shops that likely sell lots of things probably worth my annual income, you can't much complain. You came to Encore for a large, high class luxury experience. That's exactly what you're getting.I'll wrap it up with simply this: As amazing as the hotel itself can be, the staff often times make people's experiences a good, bad or horrendous one. Nobody's perfect, and I've run into bad service at high end hotels myself as well. I've read about bad service at Encore in prior reviews here, and it's probably true. There's a tremendous amount of employees working here. I can only testify to my own experience. And as far as the staff goes, everyone I interacted with was incredibly courteous, helpful and genuinely intent on making me a repeat customer.I will be. And this time I mean it.	
Jun 16 2009 	Overrated	Went to Vegas to celebrate our 10 year anniversary, notified the hotel of our celebration when we booked it, but it was never acknowledged during our stay. We reserved a King bed, nonsmoking, but it was not available when we checked in, so we had to move to another room the next day. Our first room, was on the 32nd floor, and you could hear the base thumping from club XS all night. The rooms are beautiful and clean. It is nearly impossible to find 2 lounge chairs by the pool on the weekend, which is smaller than most. Great place for people watching, though! That said, I prefer the MGM Signature. The location and service are better there, and the rooms just as nice.	
Jun 16 2009 	Favorably compares to other "suite hotels"	I stayed at Encore on 6/13-6/15. I had stayed once a few years ago at Wynn and was favorably impressed, and Encore is also lovely. I will say, maybe my expectations were too high, but I can still recommend the hotel for those who are not budget minded and appreciate great service in a classy, dignified hotel that isn't megasized.My first two nights of my four night trip were spent at THEHotel at Mandalay Bay, so I got an opportunity to directly compare. Of the two, I prefer the airier Encore decor, both in the common areas and the standard guestroom suites. THEHotel room is a &quot;true suite&quot; in that the bedroom is separated from the living area with a full wall and door, and it has an extra bathroom (one sans tub or shower). The Encore is similar in style to the Venetian/Palazzo &quot;suites&quot; in that there is no door or full wall separating the bed chamber from the living area. Unlike the Palazzo though, the living and bedroom areas at Encore share one television. Thus, if you desire true privacy, you might be better served at &quot;THEHotel.&quot; But the effect in a room of similar size to the Encore suite makes the living area at THEHotel feel a little more cramped and dark. Since I was traveling alone, I preferred the feeling of spaciousness offered by the Encore and the floor to ceiling window overlooking the strip and the golf course (as well as some roof equipment) offered much more natural light than its counterpart.The room: I was not in love with the black and beige color scheme, but it worked well in the room visually. It just isn't my taste as much as the more colorful and rich looking Wynn Tower rooms. The sofa placement wasn't particularly convenient for watching TV with a drink and snack. There is a side table but it is inches from the TV, so to use it you have to sit too close for comfort to the 46 inch screen. The chaise side of the sofa had no side table. There is a leather ottoman in place of a coffee table, but it is white and I didn't feel comfortable placing food and drink items on it. Tdesigner just wasn't being real practical with the layout of that space. Otherwise the room is well-equipped with nice generous sized toiletries, beautiful quality rock and wine glasses and corkscrew, plenty of towels and wash cloths two clocks--one on each night table, three phones, sufficient outlets for computers, phone charges etc., separate tub and shower, comfy robes, and slippers I didn't use. The closet is small but it has a chest of drawers and an ironing board inside and more hangers than anyone should need. (Weirdly, moments after the bellman left, a housekeeper arrived to give me another hanger, for what reason I do not know. I guess she thought 9 wasn't enough for one guest...) As per usual for the strip hotels there is no coffee maker in the room but there is a bar steps from the elevator that serves as a coffee bar and pastry shop in the morning.Service: This hotel offered the best service across the board of any of the luxury strip hotels I have recently frequented including THEHotel, Mandalay Bay, Palazzo and Bellagio. Everyone was courteous and unfailingly prompt. I was checked into my room quickly about an hour before posted check-in time on a Saturday afternoon. My room service orders arrived within a half an hour of being placed. Valet service was immediate, and the bellman arrived at my door with my bags within 10 minutes of my call. Saturday probably isn't the busiest day at the bell desk, but still, that is a record by a long stretch. He showed me all of the features in the room (lots of automated lights, drapes, etc.) and fetched ice. Likewise on checkout both the bell desk and valet, as well as the front desk who I called in order to complete checkout were fast and courteous. The only service gripe I had was at the &quot;Red Card&quot; desk where there appeared to be 8 people working, but only 2 helping customers waiting in a very long line. Cocktail waitresses in the casino were plentiful. Restaurants and casino: I had dinner at the bar at &quot;Sinatra&quot; and the meal I ordered arrived too fast! I had planned on savoring a martini and having a glass of wine with my entree, but the entree got there before I'd taken two sips of my drink. Faster than McDonalds, I swear! (Actually had a similar experience at SW a few years ago.) Other than Sinatra and the coffee bar I utilized room service for meals. The food was good and served beautifully. I enjoyed the natural light in parts of the casino and restaurant and shopping areas. The casino itself is pretty small, but the Wynn is connected by a short corridor if you have exhausted the possibilities on the Encore side. I didn't use the pool but it was very pretty.I had a wonderful massage at the spa. I must say this is the nicest of the spas I've tried at Venetian, THEHotel, Mandalay Bay, and Bellagio. It is just breathtakingly beautiful, well laid out, with plenty of amenities. It is also located on the second floor just steps from the elevator, so you needn't traipse through the casino to get from room to spa/gym/salon and back to your room. My biggest complaint about both Wynn and Encore are the prices of everything. There are very few options for an inexpensive bite to eat. Room service eggs bacon and coffee is $28 and it isn't much better in the cafe. The only 24 hour cafe is the &quot;Drugstore&quot; at the Wynn which has a very limited selection in the wee hours. But room service is 24 hours at least. A minor nit was the music in the casino. I guess some people would love it, but it was a little too lite/new agey and repetitive for me. They ought to play jazz or Sinatra type standards if they want mellow, or something a little more contemporary if they want lively. But at least it wasn't intolerable like at Mandalay's casino, where you are assaulted by dance music from two clubs, pop music over the loudspeaker and some live performer playing all at the same time. The Encore has its loud customers at the craps tables and so on, but it is mostly on the quieter side, ala Bellagio, Wynn and Palazzo. I appreciated that the slots were spaced out so you never feel crowded. The flowers and other decorating touches are just lovely, although I think the Wynn side is perhaps more beautiful to my eyes.I used a casino promotion for my stay which made the room rate very inexpensive. I'd stay at the Encore again if I was able to get a rate of a few hundred or less. Because the prices of everything else are so high, I wouldn't want to spend much more than that for the room itself, although it is luxurious and worthy of being on the higher end of strip hotels. At this point, Palazzo still reins as my favorite strip hotel for the rooms, the location on the strip and the restaurant selections available there and at the connected Venetian. But I would rate Encore/Wynn a close second.	
Jun 16 2009 	bait and switch. rate quoted not honored.	after booking the reservation, i called back at a later date to find out if rates had gone down. i was told they had and was quoted a new lower rate. upon checkout, no evidence of this was found. i was told to go home and find documentation. of course, it's impossible to constantly do everyone's job, so i found i had no email documentation of this new lower quote and had not caught this omission. after one phone call to customer service that was not returned after 2 weeks, i called again. i was told that it would be looked into, but no matter what was found, no corrections would be done now, only 3 weeks after my stay. boy, do i feel duped. terribly customer service.	
Jun 16 2009 	There is something for Everyone at Encore	We stayed at the Encore for my friends Vegas wedding. The attention to detail was simply amazing. From the endless art to the color schemes, everything was Beautiful. The food was wonderful. I had breakfast at the Society Cafe a few times, and Wazazu Asian food was fabulous. If you are an eggs Benedict lover you have to try the Lobster eggs Benedict on the rooms service menu-- quite possibly my favorite thing. XS is the nightclub in the hotel and it was nice, I would recommend getting a cabana. The gym was nice and if you get spa treatments you get a free day pass to the gym as well. If massage is your thing you should absolutely without a doubt go the spa and get one from Nicole. She is wonderful! The pool is nice, but crowded on the weekend- a cabana would be nice there as well.My only gripe would be wifi was not included.If you are a foodie try Alex at the WynnWazazu - Excellent Sea Bass, and Shrimp Soup to die forSociety Cafe- French Toast to share for the whole table	
Jun 15 2009 	Encore was Fantastic!	Stayed at the Encore Sunday June 7th thru Thursday June 11th. We had absolutely perfect stay. Pulled up At Valet and were greeted with cheer &amp; repsect. Bellman unloaded everthing &amp; for two girls we had 5 heavy bags, he just smiled &amp; said it was pretty normal. Check in was a breeze, only waited about 5-10 minutes. We had requested a room with two queens and were a little concerned after reading many reviews that they would not have one available. They did &amp; we chose to upgrade to a panormaic view for $20.00 a night as we wanted the highest floor possible &amp; our assigned room was on the 11th floor. Got the 58th floor, room 5842, ther are only 60 floors I believe. The view was awsome...could see the the strip as well as the golf course &amp; were directly across from the Wynn sign so the pictures looked great! The room was fabulous! 2 of the most comfortable beds ever...really big sitting area with couch...42&quot;m plasma TV that moved out from the wall to angle towards the living area.TV also had DVD player. The bathrom was huge with seperate shower &amp; tub. The heated tile floor was great on cold feet. Loved that it had a huge double sink with vanity, as girls we are always vying for counter space. The TV in there was great as well...I love watching TV while I get ready. There was a doorbell and buttons to push if you wanted privacy or room cleaned...no need to worry that someone ripped your tag off the doorknob. There is a decent sized closet with a dresser &amp; room safe. They of course have the overpriced honor bar &amp; I did have one $5 sprite but other than that no mistaken charges for anything as I have read in other reports.After we checked out the room we called the Bell desk for our luggage...it was there in 5 minutes! There is turn down service....many people have said there is not...you have to call &amp; request it...we did every night before we left the room. Every night when we came back there were slippers by our beds...chocolates...and a good night bookmark. They also would replace any used towels &amp; restock any toiletries we had used between maid service &amp; turn down.There have been numerous reports of noise from the rooms next door &amp; from Club XS down stairs. We did not hear a peep! No thumping or noise of any kind &amp; our room was directly above the club. Completely peaceful.We ate at Switch, Society Cafe, &amp; Wynn Buffet all Superb...All in all our stay was the best we have had yet in Vegas...even topping Bellagio &amp; the Venetian. Next time we will try the Wynn as we have not stayed there yet but would stay at Encore again in a heartbeat!	
Jun 14 2009 	Even better than Wynn	Our two night stay was a complete delight. It started with the easy access free parking and short walk to the registration desk. We got an early check in after a long drive. We appreciated this very much. All hotel employees were professional and nice. We ate at SW (at the Wynn) and at Society Cafe (at Encore) among other non Wynn restaurants. SW was great. We loved Society Cafe for breakfast and lunch and looked forward to our wonderful meals with the best service. The blackjack table minimums were mostly at $25, but there were a few at $15. Finding chairs at the pool was a bit difficult until we enlisted the helpful employees who gave us chairs that other guests had &quot;reserved&quot; and abandoned for hours. XS nightclub was incredible. A pit boss had given us passes. They were testing out a new outside format, which essentially took the club outside to the pool. I can say the test was a big success. All in all, we had a fantastic time on our vacation and look forward to returning to Encore.	
Jun 14 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed 6/9-10, beautiful rooms, great property excellent service. Subdued casino which we enjoyed. Nice pool area although small compared to most.	
Jun 13 2009 	Beautiful Hotel On Far end of the Strip	The encore is an elegant, beautiful hotel. The rooms are large and very comfortable. We &quot;upgraded&quot; at check-in to a higher floor for $25 a night. I'm not sure I'd do that again as we weren't in our room that much and the view wasn't that spectacular (lots of tops of buildings and such). We, like others, had trouble with our room being ready at check-in. We were traveling with friends and had specifically requested that we be on the same floor as they were. Their room was available first so we all put our luggage there. When our room was finally ready (after 5:00), we found it was not on the same floor as our friends and that there was nothing available on their floor. It was mildly annoying as this is what we'd been promised (plus we'd all upgraded......). The casino is small and the hotel is on the end of the strip....personally, I would opt for a hotel more in the middle of things and a larger casino. I went to the spa one afternoon and it was pretty bare bones - I expected a lot more from a property this nice. They had heated lounge chairs by the hot tubs and all were strewn with towels and no people! Housekeeping doesn't seem to go by there much. The Bellagio spa is WAY better. We also had an issue with check-out - we were supposed to receive a $75 resort credit that would come off our bill &quot;automatically&quot;. It didn't and my husband had to spend quite a bit of time getting this $75 taken care of. That said, I do want to reiterate that it is a beautiful hotel. Gorgeous flowers everywhere! I would come back here only if I got a really good deal.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great	Stayed here with my family for $109 a night and this was a great deal. The hotel is just wonderful. Spacious rooms. Twice daily maid service. The only down side is the service. It is not up to Steve Wynn standards. And the other thing was no buffett or 24 coffee shop. You have to walk to the Wynn next door, through the shopping area to get those things. But overall, if you can get a room for under $200 a night, go and enjoy yourself. The Internet charge is a rip off. Had to add that.	
Jun 9 2009 	Nickel and Dimed	Bad experience but a lovely hotel. Upon checkin I was informed that the room I had reserved with two queen beds and Non-Smoking was not available and could not be gauranteed at the time I booked it three months prior. They offered to &quot;Upgrade&quot; me to the room which I had originally booke for an additional $50/n but it would be a Smoking room. What crooks. I refused. I asked to cancel my reservation and they magically waved the $50/n fee to keep my business. They still stuck me in a Smoking room and promised to call me on my cell when a Non-Smoking room became available. I never got that call. The hotel charges $35/day to use the spa even if you are a guest. They charged $14/day for internet use. The offer I had included a $50 dining credit which was NOT reflected on my bill at checkout. There is no sportsbook in the Encore and it is a 10 minute trek to the Wynn Sportsbook. I deeply regret booking the Encore and should have heeded the advice of trip advisor users. I do not understand why a 5 star resort would nickel and dime their customers. When I return to Vegas in November I will stay at Bellagio.	
Jun 9 2009 	Unfortunately not what I was hoping for	We just returned from a weekend at Encore. I have stayed at every five star hotel in Las Vegas and I was very eager to try Encore.Even from before I got there, things went wrong. My girlfriend called the hotel as it was my bday and she wanted to buy a bottle of nice champagne, chcolate covered strawberries, balloons and a birthday cake. They told her they can't create this type of surprise as they have 2000 rooms and it's too hard to do this. I have done and received surprises from/to her at many five star properties and have never received this type of response. I was pissed from the start.When we got to the room, I have to be honest it didn't wow me like a standard room at the Palazzo or the Four Seasons. I stayed in a salon suite at the Wynn before and that was truly amazing and the service was great.The following things were problems in the room the second we got in:The surprise that they wouldnt doThe make-up mirror did not illuminate as it is supposed toThe shower cap box was emptyThere was a large stain on the marble counter top from someone's left over drinkI asked to be move to a larger room type for our inconveniences. I was not afraid to ask for this as we truly deserved it. Their response was oh we are sold out sorry. Overall, Encore needs to get it together and recreate the promised five star experience. The location is really too far from EVERYTHING. I would stay at the Wynn 1000x over Encore.	
Jun 8 2009 	Nice Hotel Service was average at best	When one says they are the best of the best, I expect them to back that up. But they didn't.Good: nice hotel, rooms are decorated modern, casino nice to look at, pool is great as wellThe restaurants and bars are fabulous as well.Bad: No coffee in the room, the snacks in the room have a sign stating that if you remove anything for more then 60 seconds, you will be charged for it. They do this by the weight.Everything is expensive (no surprise here).Worse: We had 2 rooms booked with queens, desk said too bad, since the fine print does not grantee this, even though we called back after making the reservations to double check. Manager said same thing, and that there was nothing he could do. Wasn't too apologetic either. Had that, I don't care attitude.Waited 2 hours for our server to finally come back to us at the pool for a drink order. 2 hours!	
Jun 8 2009 	This place was great...	My wife and I visited the Encore last month for my birthday and boy did we pick well. We absolutely loved the rooms and the contemporary décor of the hotel and casino especially compared to the others. We took a long time deciding between the Encore, Wynn and Bellagio (also Mandalay bay but that was disregarded early on. My usual favourite which is the Mirage also lost out). We did not have any regrets with the Encore.Check-in was smooth and even though the queue wasn’t very long we were ushered to the preferred guest line. We had booked a standard room and I asked for a high floor and a quiet room with a view. The receptionist did try to give us a room on a low floor but I kept insisting I’d really appreciate a high floor (she also tried to sell us a premium view room but we declined). After a few mins she found us a room on the 50th floor facing the north end of the strip. We reached room 5033 and it was fantastic and was just as was shown on the website and the view wasn’t bad (could see the golf course). I read a lot about the noise from the nightclubs but we didn’t get any and we stayed 7 nights so both clubs were open whilst we were staying there. I’m a very light sleeper and I couldn’t even hear anyone next door (it could have been empty). My wife and I really liked the bathroom but the pressure from the shower could have been a bit better. The walk to the strip wasn’t bad and it was not very busy. I think if you are not able to walk with ease then it could seem quite far but we are both young and didn’t think it was too bad. We liked the location as we spent quite a lot of time at the nearby casinos and being near the fashion show mall was a bonus. We bought refreshments from the ABC store in the fashion show mall and also the Walgreens at the base of the Plazzo. The mini-bar is very sensitive so watch out and even though there is a sign near the elevators saying no outside food is allowed in the rooms nobody stopped us with our goodies from ABC/Walgreens.We made reservations at Okado and Wing Lei and both were absolutely worth every penny. We had the taste of Wynn menu and both were absolutely amazing…I think Okada just nudges out as our favourite (we ordered some extra sushi/sashmi as we loved it so much…make sure you have the lobster roll). We also ate at the buffet for breakfast twice which was nice and had very good choices. We also had breakfast at Sugar and Ice (Wynn Esplanade) and the Breakfast Croissants with Ham were very good and being able to sit outside near the waterfall was a bonus. We also had room service on our first night and it was very good and I especially enjoyed the Kobe beef sliders (mini hamburgers) whilst my wife really enjoyed the Hainanese Chicken.My favourite breakfast was at Peppermills only a short stroll from the Encore entrance (5-10 mins) and we always stopped at the Walgreens on the way back to pick up any essentials or goodies.The pool area was very good and not too crowded and even though we didn’t take advantage of it I did have a stroll and it looked very niceCheck-out was easy but my bill showed a charge for a bottle of vodka from the mini-bar that I didn’t have which I explained and without a fuss it was taken off my bill.I would not hesitate to stay at the Encore again.	
Jun 7 2009 	Encore Tower Suite - Perfect mix of luxury service 	Chose Encore for our 10th wedding anniversary and my 40th Birthday celebrations. Had travelled from Australia and arrived on Sunday 17th May 2009. All of my dealings and reservations had been done with the hotel well prior to leaving for the US so you only hope all goes smoothly when you arrive. Had booked a Tower suite after originally being given a great deal on a standard panoramic room for $249 per night. Swapped to the Tower room for $300 per night and stayed 3 nights. A nice surprise for my wife and the Best move we made and here are the reasons why.1. Arrived in town the same time a huge retail conference was happening at the convention centre just a few blocks away. The Tower suites has its own car and taxi / limo entry drop off and check area / concierge etc which is well away from the standard entry. Just as well as the main entry was well crowded at 3.00pm in the afternoon and most times we walked past it during our stay. Only a couple of groups all being attended to in the Tower area reservations desk so minimal waiting. 2. At checkin we were offered complimentary cold towels and water which was nice as it was about 104 / 38 degrees outside, the attendant breezed through the checkin, showed us a map of where things where inside the Encore / Wynn compound and offered us a choice of rooms on different floors. Nice touch and no hard sell on room upgrades for a fee as some others have mentioned. Could have had a south facing strip room but took the north view for a change as it is the quiet side of the hotel and were on the 37th floor with a view of the north strip, convention centre, golf course etc. No waiting and straight to the room with bags arriving 2 minutes later.3. A very clean and well laid out room with big screen TV on a swivel so you can watch TV from the lounge room or in bed. Classy and clean decore and nice stone bathroom area with no mould, hair or previous visitor smells or stains. Brilliant. As per other comments minbar and snack bar are pressure sensitive so read the card provided and not the labels on the products otherwise you'll see the item on your bill at check out. Yes the prices may be a little high on some items but, hey there are a couple of liquor stores just across the road if you need to hit the hard stuff in a bigger way. Ice machine on every floor and a bag lined ice bucket for hygiene is in your room. So drink away if thats your thing.4.The hotel casino we found was easy to navigate, great for walking around, nicer style, better lighting and atmosphere than Wynn, very nice restaurants ( Society Cafe and Switch were excellent as was the Country Club at Wynn). Friendly gambling table staff although the drink service was a little irregular (but no restrictions that we found) at night when the gaming area was busy. No big deal though just an observation. If your the type who would squabble about a free or cheap drink then this Hotel isn't for you, look elsewhere like New york New York or Fremont St for your hotel.5. The manager I had dealt with for my booking arranged for a complimentary pool cabana for an afternoon during our stay and this was done in the Wynn tower pool area. A nice touch and great food and beverage service by the attendants. The pool was well attended by guests and has a nice atmosphere. The cabana normally costs about $500 per day and offers complimentary non alcholoic drinks, TV, sunlounges, water misting unit to keep you cool and very frequent service from the bar / food staff. Ordered up some food and Champers for a nice afternoon spent relaxing from the flights the day before.6. People have commented on the location being out of the way, I would disagree, yes it is the last top end hotel before no mans land north of Wynn Boulevard / north strip, but you have 4 top hotels in Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn then Encore all side by side and a very easy walk between them and they are all linked by a walking bridge and shopping areas. Add Fashion show mall across the street and its a great safe and clean part of the strip. The further south you go the seedier and grungier it gets. At least you can walk around without being harrassed by &quot;porn ticket slappers&quot; and the like. Give me this area of the strip anyday. Plus if your into finding a bargain for clothes take the short walk just up from Encore to Ross, very good chioice for the whole family for cheap name brand clothes at a fraction of what we pay for them here in Australia. Eg: Long sleeve brand name shirts you pay $120+ per shirt I bought 3 at $11 each all top notch and exactly like home - someones making a killing back in Australia.6. The Tower suite lift area has a security man on in the late afternoons till mornings. The genetlman was Excellent, very personable, remembered our names and always checked to make sure all was in order with our stay. A wonderful touch and really made our stay running into him each time we went in or out of an evening.Overall, book a Tower suite for that little nicer touch of private entry and exit, great concierge and security staff, very nice quite rooms with lovely decor and what I believe is good value for money for this level of comfort and service. Check my other review of our stay at MGM Skylofts as I paid 3 times the price and didn't get the same feeling when checking out after our stay. Love Encore and would return in a flash to a Tower suite.	
Jun 7 2009 	Soothing and Relaxing Environment for Vegas!	Took my husband here for a birthday get away and had a wonderful time! The room is kind of small but beatiful. We arrived at 11:30am and was allowed to check in without difficulty. The front desk clerk was very nice and gave us no problems about checking in early. She even gave us a room on the 51st floor with a view of the strip, golf course, and mountains! Simply beatiful! Loved the remote control everything (lights, blinds, alarm, etc) next to the bed. Speaking of the bed - one word comfortable - best bed I've ever slept in! Bathroom is beautiful - love the glassed enclosed shower over looking the tub (disappointed tub wasn't jacuzzi, but still nice). No problems with services our blind was stuck once but an engineer was up to fix it in less than 5 minutes. The TV is a little difficult to work and takes awhile to come on but you get use to it after while. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Checkout lines are long and kinda of chaotic with no-one directing traffic. Check out is at 12 (wonderful) and they allow you access to the your room until 1:00 which is great! Not a lot of action in the casino area during my 3 day stay very quiet. Hotel is very expensive and caters to the upper class. My husband and I had lunch at Societys $75! No casual dining places for reasonable cost! We went to other places to eat that was more affordable. The hotel, although beatiful, is far from the main attractions. Is literally on the end of the strip! Matter of fact, it's the last main hotel on the strip before venturing into old Vegas! That being said bring walking shoes! All in all we had a wonderful experience at the Wynn and would recommend to anyone. Very clean, quiet, decor is beatiful and nice people!	
Jun 6 2009 	Luxurious rooms	Stayed for 2 nights and thorouglly enjoyed our experience both at the Casino, the amazing shows and above all the fab hotel services	
Jun 6 2009 	Hotel and rooms dazzle service and pool disappoint	Ideally, I'd like to give Encore a 4.5. It's definitely not a complete 5-star experience. I'll lead off with why it's not, and then get on to the positive stuff.SERVICE: While professional and courteous, it's not on par with a Four Seasons or similar hotels that emphasize the ultimate in customer satisfaction. My dad and I went out to the pool area on an overcast day, with maybe a third of the chairs in use and all the cabanas empty. Wanting to cool off for a couple minutes, we walked into the pool and took a seat on these big round seating things they have in the water. Within two minutes, a lifeguard came over and said, &quot;I'm sorry, these are for cabana guests only.&quot; There were six of these huge seating things in the pool, each one capable of seating 8-10, and not a single person was on them. There weren't even any cabana guests to use them. And you're seriously going to kick us off them?! That's just poor service and bad business. After getting asked to get off, two other ladies in the pool said, &quot;Yeah, isn't that terrible? We were sitting there this morning and they kicked us off, as well.&quot; Moments like that leave a bad taste in guests' mouths, and they pass on such stories to others, quickly leading to bad word-of-mouth.POOL: The pool area is pretty small. The adult pool, with a bar and gaming, is very nice, but the regular pool is pretty boring. I'm a sun-worshipper, but for those who like some shade, there is NONE at the main Encore pool. Poolside dining is another disappointment. The prices seem very reasonable, even cheap for such a nice hotel, until you realize the food is pre-packaged from the Lobby Bar &amp; Cafe. With food like that, you're better off grabbing a Subway $5 footlong and taking it out to the pool. Overall, I prefer the Wynn pools to Encore.LOCATION: Encore is pretty isolated at the far-north end of the Strip (yes, there's some stuff further north, but The Sahara and Circus Circus are not places most high-end hotel guests will frequent). If you have a car or are willing to cab it, you're fine, while getting around by foot is doable but not easy (Encore connects to Wynn, then you can take the bridge to Palazzo, which connects to Venetian, and from there you can cross the street to TI, which connects to Mirage, in the middle of the strip).Now for the positive news.HOTEL/CASINO: The design is spectacular, like the Wynn. However, avoid Encore at all costs if you don't like the color red. Whereas Wynn is decked out in neutral brown, Encore is totally and completely red, red, red. It's far too much of a non-neutral color, IMO, but I can let that go when the details and intricacies of the design are so stunning. From the crystal peacock tails to the Daphne statue in the Lobby Bar, you can tell how much thought went into every single design detail. The casino is small and intimate, but beautiful, with natural light all around.SUITES: Pretty close to perfect. The huge rooms are modern and sophisticated, in neutrals like black, beige, and white. Everything is top-of-the-line, from the big things like the beds (the best you'll find on the Strip) to the small things like the Kohler faucets. While these are bigger than the rooms at Wynn, they kind of feel smaller, because of the partial wall in between, but I like them better. The bathrooms are huge and gorgeous, too. I think I have to give the Encore rooms the edge over Palazzo, making these the best rooms on the Strip, IMO. As for the noise problem from XS, I purposely chose to stay at Encore on nights when the nightclub was closed, so I can't comment about that noise. However, the rooms were very quiet, and I heard no noise from outside the hotel or from the hallways/other rooms.*** TIP ***: For stunning views of the Strip, request the south side of the hotel, with rooms on the west side of the hall (we had rooms 18 and 20, which were perfect).	
Jun 2 2009 	Beautiful Hotel limited gambling great customer service.	Wanted to stay somewhere where the gambling wasn't the big deal, as that tends to get crowded, roudy and a bit overwhelming. The Encore fit us perfectly. Our room was fantastic, on the 62nd floor (out of 63), and was tastefully furnished. The bed and bedding lived up to the reputaion.Stayed in for 2 nights to watch the NBA playoffs as our team was playing, so ordered room service on both occations. The response time was extremely quick, which I don't usually find. The servers were the best and gave you a total 5 star dining experience.Everybody on the staff that we encountered were extremely pleasant and friendly.I will agree with many that the check-in process was outlandishly long. Took us about 50 minutes to even get to someone. And though I've run across this before, when the front desk person said &quot;let's see if we have anything for you&quot; I wanted to scream. I'm glad that was my first impression as opposed to the final impression.	
Jun 2 2009 	I thought the Wynn was the best resort in Vegas until I stayed at Encore.	The rooms in Wynn's Encore are better than the rooms in the Wynn Resort, mainly because they are all suites. Until this trip, I thought the regular rooms in the Wynn were the nicest in Vegas. While the rooms are expensive, there are lots of great deals available. We received an upgrade from the Wynn to the Encore at no additional cost. I have found that the employees at Wynn properties make you feel like you are a welcomed guest and not just a another warm body. The casinos, and lobbies are the most beautiful in Vegas and you almost feel like you are in a much smaller botique hotel in the Ozarks. This is not an easy task in resorts that house thousands of customers. Steve Wynn may not be the most popular person in Las Vegas, but he knows how to the best resorts time after time.	
Jun 2 2009 	Encore not worth a 4.5 star rating	I read a lot about the Encore on this site and other places to make sure I would be getting my money's worth by staying at a highly rated hotel. Some of the negative things I read I assumed were freaky or isolated incidents and would not happen to me... like we all tend to think. Well, I learned my lesson.We made our reservation over 5 months ago and specifically requested a panoramic view of the strip. They were happy to take my $260 deposit and make 5 months of interest on it before we showed up only to discover they did not give us the room we requested. So I called the front desk as soon as we walked into the room and told them that we did not have a room with a strip view as we originally requested. I was politely told that they can not guarantee the type of view one would request however I was told at the time of the reservation (made directly to the hotel) that a strip view was certain, only the specific floor height could not be guaranteed. The Front Desk then told me that they would put us in the different room with a strip view later that day and would call us when it was available. So we sat with our bags unpacked for 3 hours waiting. No call. I decided to go down to the Front Desk and see what the status was with this change. They had no record of my room change request and then they said there were no strip view rooms available. Not a single one, no sir... not a single one. I then asked to speak with the manager. The lady at the front desk was very polite and left her computer to seek out the manager in the back room. The manager never showed, (which I thought rude). I waited quite a while and when she returned she magically had a room with the view we requested. Even though she insisted there was not a single room available with a panoramic strip view.. No apology, no explaination, not even a slight embarrasment at the inconsistencies of how they approached my disppointment. &quot;They must have Magic Rooms&quot;, I told my partner that appear out of nowhere when you use the magic word &quot;manager&quot;. You may want to remember this if you find yourself in a similar situation should you chose the Encore.I joined Trip Advisor just to write this review about the Encore. I normally let things slide but in this case I expected more from this place. So the Check In Service really sucks. I know other people have written about this same problem at the Encore on this site... you may want to see what they have to tell you about their particular details.About details, just a few things...Expect to walk alot if you want to get to the center of the strip where the action is. There is no convenient access to the monorail if you're considering that. There use to be a shuttle from the Encore that took you to the Convention Center where you could catch the monorail. That's no longer provided. It's either a taxi or hoofing it. If you walk expect 30 minutes from the Encore to the center of the stip (where the Paris or Ceasars Palace is located). We definitely got our excercise during our 3 days there.The food is good at the Encore and the service at these restaurant was quite good... its only the service at the Check In Front Desk that is very poor. The bar in our room was missing items and had not been restocked.Also we got zero bed turn down service at night. Which I thought was a common thing with 4 or 5 star- rated hotels. Maybe not in Vegas considering what some people go to Vegas for.If your still debating about staying maybe at the Wynn or Encore, I would go for the Wynn. Even though Steve Wynn ownes both and they are connected physically, the Wynn offeres more in terms of view options if you want a view of the strip. The Wynn offers a nicer floor layout of the casino and shops, restaurants and I think a way better pool. It offers more shade area around the pool in the mid afternoon than the Encore which in the summer you may definitely want.The rooms themselves are very nice and tailored in modern lines. Great bed.Four hours after we checked in we finally settled in the room we were expecting.	
Jun 2 2009 	I can see why Steve Wynn did not put his name on the second one!	I have stayed at the Wynn several times and have always been delighted. I can not say the same thing for Encore. When we arrived (about 9pm) on a Friday night we were told that there were only smoking rooms available and that Encore does not guarantee a &quot;smoking preference&quot; and that a non-smoking room is just a request. This was extremely dissappointing to me since this is something that most hotels can seam to manage and did not think that it should be beyond the capability of Encore to be able to manage their own inventory. When we got to the room it did not have a smoky smell, but throughout the weekend as people smoked it got almost unbareable.In the morning I went to the coffee bar just outside the room elevators and although it did not seam any busier than a typical starbucks, I found it diffcult to order a simple cup of coffee. There did not seam to be any kind of line and the employees seamed harried, unorganized and not very friendly. After several people that arrived after me were waited on, I got someones attention and was able to order my coffee. When I went to add cream and sugar there was no cream in the picture. I handed it to the person that was makeing the the specialty coffee drinks and she handed it back to me and told there was someone that was assigned to keep an eye on that. After 10 minutes a person did come by to fill the cream.....she handed the empty picher to the same person I had 10 minutes before and filled it and handed it back to her coworker.That evening we went to a show at another proerty and got back to our room just before 11:00pm and ordered room service just after 11pm and was told the meal would be at our room by midnight. (A little outside the norm for a hotel, but apreciated them letting us know that it would take a little bit of extra time). We did not receive our meal at midnight....we did not receive it until 12:45. We got a call a few minutes before it was delivered asking us if we still wanted it. (Not to apologize that it was so late). When the food arrived, it was obvious that the meal had sat in the window awaiting delivery as the bread was hard, the meat had that dried out look and the fries were soggy.In the morning I again went to the coffe shop, it was still fairly unorganized, but I was a little more agressive with my place in line and got the attention of an employee to take my order. I added a couple of breakfast sandwhiches to the order and was told someone would bring it from the back. I paid for the sandwhiches and waited anout 15 minutes for them to be brought out. I was sitting on the other side of the coffee bar when the person delivered the sandwhich as when I went to inquire about my sandwhiches they were sitting in a bag on a wet tray behind the bar. I was handed the sandwhiches and was told they had been waiting there for me and that I was waiting on the wrong side. &quot;wow&quot; I guess it was my fault. They did not apologize or offer to give me a 2nd bag (the material was soaked through. So I took the sandwhiches out of the bag (I was afraid that the bag would break) and piled my sandwhiches on top of my cups of coffe and juggled my pruchases all the way to the room.Finally although well stocked the gift/shop sundry shop just before the rooms elevator is riddicously overpriced!	
Jun 2 2009 	Wynn Version 2.0 gets it right	I had stayed at the original Wynn tower a couple of times, and while there's a lot there to like, there were still some things I didn't care for. The casino and layout are confusing, the rooms are a little much in terms of decor, etc. But with Encore, Wynn and his team really hit their stride. Just about everything at this place works, and it's probably become my favorite Vegas hotel, just above THEhotel at Mandalay Bay.Public areas: Red, red, red. It works in the casino and check-in area in a way it didn't in the rooms at Wynn. It's vivid and exciting; the design is a stunner... well, except for those ugly red chandeliers that look like huge upside-down spiders. Otherwise, bravo. The casino layout is the easiest to navigate in any Vegas mega-property. You can actually see all the way from one end to the other of what is basically a big rectangle, and the two long sides have natural light and outside views. There are restaurants and lounges arranged around the perimeter--no following signs around corners and meandering casino paths to find anything. Spa/Pool: The fitness center is pretty much what you would expect--big, with plenty of machines of all types. The spa waiting area is a stunner. It looks like the living room of an Arabian prince with great taste. The interior is great as well--the plunge pool area has a huge tile wall with a copper cherry tree mosaic. Just gorgeous. There are also heated tiled lounge chairs which vibrate slightly. It would be easy to lose an afternoon dozing on one of those. There's a $30 daily use fee, which is outlandish but about the norm for Vegas. The pool is not a match for Mandalay Bay's [still the best in town], but it's nice in its own right with plenty of lounge chairs; even on a busy weekend, we were able to find a couple of chairs together with no problem. Drink service was frequent and efficient. The European [topless] pool is pretty much the same as the main pool, only with a huge center bar. Guys, sorry to say there was only one pair of assets on display the day I was there. Don't know how well this European bathing trend is catching on.Rooms: Much calmer and more relaxing than the public areas. Mostly in the beige family, but there were plenty of accent touches to give it character. There's rough-textured houndstooth wallpaper behind the mini-bar armoire and rust colored wallpaper behind the beds and on the entry-way ceiling. The L-shaped sofa is a great touch and the sitting area is huge. Of course, everything is remote-controlled from the bedside. I might question the choice of painting over the sofa, which is basically three big white circles on a black background, but whatever. If you've stayed at THEhotel, Venetian/Palazzo, or Bellagio, then you know what to expect in the bathrooms. Very plush and spacious, but not necessarily distinctive. We had a double-bed room with a spectacular view over the Wynn tower, the pools, the golf course, and part of the strip. We were on the 57th floor and didn't hear a peep from the nightclub, which some others have complained about. Room numbers that end in even numbers are strip view. Restaurants: A very nice selection, and we made a stop at all of them except Switch. Went to the bar at Sinatra, which has great appetizers [main course menu didn't intrigue me that much] and a polished bar staff who made fine traditional cocktails and are always ready with a suggestion. There's also a very cool huge model ship hanging over the bar. Wazuzu has the spectacular crystal dragon along one wall and a fine pan-Asian menu. Society cafe was good for breakfast and the Lobby Cafe and Bar is just off check-in if you can't even make it to the elevators before you need a drink. Best of all is steakhouse Botero, which was slam-packed the night we were there but still offered tremendous quality on every course. The bone-in NY Strip is something special, as is the salmon with Meyer lemon appetizer and the side of truffled corn pudding. Deserts are more creative than anything, so choose carefully if you're a dessert traditionalist. There's also a great bar up front here; if Kirk the bar manager is working, ask him to make you his martini with pear vodka and elderflower liqueur. Random notes: It's a pretty easy walk to Wynn down a hallway by the theaters, past a shopping arcade where they would turn you upside down and shake the money out of your pockets. Won $165 in ten minutes at a single-deck blackjack game, but I promise I didn't let that influence my review. Nothing here is a particular bargain, but I wasn't expecting it to be, so...Elsewhere on the Strip: You can skip the bar at the Trump tower. Dull. The wine list at Mix at THEhotel isn't as good as it used to be, but the food is. CityCenter is getting near completion on the exterior, and is just enormous. Can't say it really advances architecture on the Strip, though.	
Jun 1 2009 	Upsell Scam - Be Fore-warned	Seems anyone trying to check in before 3:00, is told they will have to wait....unless you would like to &quot;upgrade&quot;, for $25.00/night.We didn't want to and protested, so they told us we could try checking back in after 4:30!!They know most people want to get to their rooms, so most people (suckers like us) will pay the charge.Over the course of our stay, we talked with other guests who experienced the same scam. Paying anywhere from $20 - $30 extra per night. Friggin Joke!Room was no upgrade! Nothing special, just extra $$$ for the priviledge of checking in before 3:00.Hotel is nice, but pretentious - not friendly.Wish it was easier to get a cup of coffee in the AM.No casual restaurants or sandwich shops.	
Jun 1 2009 	FABULOUS!!!	The BEST customer service, I have ever experienced!!! We were treated like royalty! The rooms were very clean! The pool and casino was very nice! We can't wait to go back and will definitely recommend this place to all of our friends and family! Superior!!!	
Jun 1 2009 	THE ENCORE AT WYNN - PERFECTION AS USUAL	My husband and I have been vacationing in Las Vegas for 15+ years now, and we have yet to find any properties that rival in any way those of Steve Wynn's two signature hotels on the strip: WYNN &amp; ENCORE. As ENCORE is a relatively new hotel to Las Vegas, I believe it premiered in December, 2008. We usually stay at WYNN, but were curious to see if Mr. Wynn could top his first effort. We were pleased, but not surprised to find the same flawless service had carried over from Wynn to Encore. The same opulent, luxurious surroundings, but with different color-schemes in both the public areas and the rooms. I was slightly concerned about Encore, as a very SLIGHT minority of reviews here were anything but complimentary. But, as usual, I was not disappointed in the quality of both the hotel and it's employees. Check in was a breeze, as was our request to be upraded to a panoramic view rooom. Our rooms are always comped, which just reinforces the old saying &quot;the best things in life are free!&quot;. The cabana was perfect, the meal at SWITCH outstanding, the room was cozily sophisticated and elegant and the view was beautiful. Everywhere we went, Encore employees went out of their way to be gracious and helpful. There was absolutely NO NOISE FROM THE CLUB BELOW, as previously reported. And , although there were cigarette burns on some of the suite, this is in no way the Resort's fault. What kind of an idiot smokes in a NON-SMOKING ROOM and leaves cig burns all over the place? - I would hate to see what their home looks like. These are the same people that are never pleased with anything.I don't know what some of the other writers here are talking about. We have NEVER had anything but a PERFECT time at WYNN/ENCORE. But, when we travel, we don't make outlandish requests and then smirk and report gleefully when our requests aren't met. We treat and tip others as we would wish to be treated and/or tipped. And yes, that means 25% for restaurant service and as warranted for all other services. We will be back at WYNN/ENCORE for our usual two-three more vacations this year. Why would we go anywhere else - when we have found PERFECTIONS, AS USUAL .	
Jun 1 2009 	Beautiful Hotel...great service	We just returned from the Encore celebrating our anniversary. Everyone was extremely courteous from the front desk staff to the valet and bell hop. Upon checking in, we did not encounter a long line at all..maybe had to wait 3-5 minutes. They were aware that it was our anniversary and mentioned it more than once. We asked for a room with a nice room and were able to check in immediately with a beautiful room. We had a $50 resort credit which I will say did not go far! (mixed drinks are $13...beer is $6.50). It's possible a lot of the bad reviews are upon the hotel first opening. My only complaint would be the price of things. The hotel was incredible!	
May 30 2009 	Nice Hotel but nickel and dimes you..with tight slots	Very nice hotel with excellent Service. Rooms are probably about the nicest I've every stayed in. Considering its a very expensive hotel, it seems to nickel and dime you for everything. $14 a day for internet, food expensive, drinks expensive when not gambling. The Video Poker and Slots seem to be very tight, not paying off much.	
May 30 2009 	Loved it ...	We were offered a two night complimentary stay at the Encore - we'd stayed at several hotels on the Strip before. This was by far the best - looking down from our suite on the 38th floor on Vegas could not be beaten. It looked like a film set beneath us. The room was clean and bright, with a nice sitting area and floor-to-ceiling windows. Bathroom was large and well maintained. Very efficient valet service ensured our car was with us within minutes of request.	
May 30 2009 	Not up to Par	A quick two night visit to the Encore over the Memorial Day weekend had some positives &amp; negatives. Checking in on the Sunday of the weekend around 4pm, I was greeted with dizzying lines at check-in &amp; despite a confirmed, pre-paid reservation, no rooms were available for immediate check-in. Some people in line were absolutely brutal to the staff, but this was a 5-star, 5-diamond hotel that was telling people like myself that we'd have to leave our bags with the valet &amp; come back in a couple of hours when there was availabillity. Not being a huge gambler, I went to the pool. The European pool was just what I needed. Cold cocktails, fun music, lots of Memorial weekend party-ers drinking, NBA playoffs on TVs, high limit poolside gambling, photo posing... many lovely ladies topless. A delightful diversion from reality! A couple hours later, a room was available. Unfortunately, it was a king bed room, not the two double beds that my reservation had requested. A roll-out bed was delivered... with the same top quality linens the room beds are fitted with. No issues with my stay until check-out. The automated system for in room check-outs was down causing extra long lines &amp; delays in the reception area. Once again, I heard some truly rude &amp; nasty tirades from my fellow guests over their Encore experience. I do not envy their customer service staff!I was somewhat surprised that there were no &quot;comps&quot; made for my inconveniece at the commencement of my trip... but I guess even Steve Wynn is feeling the recession. In closing, the Encore is a beautiful property. The rooms are beyond comfortable. The Encore experience can be quite sinful if you hang out at the pool or at their XS nightclub. All that said, I don't believe this is worthy of 5-stars/diamonds. In the future, I might visit the Encore again but if I had the option of the theHotel at the Mandalay, the Palazzo or Bellagio, I'd choose them first.	
May 29 2009 	Wonderful rooms and unbelievable lunch buffet	We got a great online price that included a $50 resort credit ..... the lunch buffet was $22.99 but worth every penny ......so good I went back the next day when my husband was golfing. Unfortunately, no free coffee in the rooms, which I always enjoy. Also, the clothing shops were outrageously expensive, but a very nice mall is right across the street that I could actually shop at. I loved the music that played in the Encore .....lots of easy listening music I've never heard but really enjoyed.	
May 26 2009 	beauty is only skin deep	even though my husband and i could have stayed at a myriad of LV hotels for free, we had been waiting to experience the opulence of the Encore. We have stayed at many of the better hotels on the strip and had stayed at the Wynn two times while the Encore was being built. the property is beautiful but it's customer service, or lack thereof, ruined any good rating I wished I could give. To make a very long story short , I had a slip and fall accident in our room on the 4th day of our five day stay. I didn't know if I was going to be able to travel home because of my injury so on the way to the emergency room I asked the front desk mgr. if we would be able to possibly add on another night if I couldn't fly home the next day. he responded with &quot;$319.00 a night&quot; I didn't expect a room for free but i was paying a rate of $129.00 per night for the weeknights we stayed. I had torn my hamstring muscle. We filed a report with security and that's all the personal contact I got from the staff. As i said, I told the front desk, concierge desk [who directed me to the emergency room] hotel mgr. and head of valet dept and several employee what had happen and I received no follow up inquiries while we were there or when i got home. The only contact I have had is with the risk management dept which I called to voice my anger about my treatment. Since that time The hotel manager sent me a very generic e-mail hoping that they will have the opportunity to welcome us back soon. Maybe if he extended a &quot;contact me when you are coming into town&quot;, I would go back. But, I think I'd get better treatment from a Super 8 motel.	
May 26 2009 	FABULOUS!!!! DON'T BELIEVE THE OTHER COMMENTS THAT SAY OTHERWISE!!!	let me clear up what people are saying about checkin's customer service issues about the $20 thing. i checked in early and i ended up getting a room on a low floor....if i wanted to get a room on a higher floor, i would've had to pay an extra 20 per night ONLY BECAUSE IT WAS A BETTER ROOM!!! duh geniouses! the higher you go, the better the rooms get- they're more spacious, have a nicer bathroom, etc. if you want that, then u can go ahead and pay for it. but, if u just want a room, you have to get whatever is available. i wanted a king sized bed so i chose the one THAT WAS AVAILABLE. there were probably other rooms available but had 2 beds in it...people always fuss about everything! jeez! i have to say, i absolutely love the hotel! the food is excellent and reasonably priced. the decor is gorgeous! i took soooo many pictures!! everyone was very nice and i had no problems whatsoever. i even left a few items after my stay and the hotel graciously mailed them to me!!!! i live in florida so i was surprised that they did that free of charge. you get to keep your room key too because it has your name on it which you can use to make charges throughout the hotel. big and beautiful hotel!!! you definitely get what you pay for and i got more than one i paid for. if there was a problem that i had, all i had to do was call downstairs or wherever and it was fixed...couldn't of asked for anything better.	
May 25 2009 	Would not stay here again....	This worst possible room service, and front desk service.. We traveled with our young preteen son and at the time of check-in requested 2 beds. The rooms with 2 beds were sold out and we were given king size be and promised a roll-away bed will be brought in. On Friday night, the bed was never delivered, at 11:00 pm., I called housekeeping to ask for the bed. Long story short, after about 4 phone calls, the bed was never delivered. AT 12:30 am. in the morning, we went to bed since my son was so tired, and he had to share a bed with us and we call down to cancel because it was so late. On Saturday, we requested the bed to delivered early at 6:00 pm., not till 11:30 pm. the bed was delivered. I was upset and tired because not being able to sleep the night before. The most incredible part, at the time of the check out I requested to speak to the manager, about the situation. It was their chance to make the situation better for the guests, by offering perhaps 10% off of the room, or a sincere apologize, The idiotic manager, said &quot;well you cancel the bed service...&quot; He just didn't understand the situation, want to understand and ultimately did not want the guest feel welcome and appreciated and apology for the situation. I have stayed at the Palazzo, MGM and Four Season in LV. And this place is the worst. I'm more upset that my family dropped $500 at Daniel Bouloud for dinner and I spent $1500 at the Manolo Blanik shoe store. If I had known about this kind of service to the guests, I would not spend $15 in the ice cream store... Also not sure if they are understaff, but expect a LONG WAIT for checking in.....	
May 25 2009 	Beautiful hotel but disappointing customer service	The hotel itself was amazing and definitely five star however the customer service was not. We arrived two hours before check in and we're told we could only check in early if we would pay an additional $20US per night. We did not agree to this and we're then asked to continue phoning the hotel to check on the rooms progress as they didn't have time to call all guests to advise on room availablity. This information was provided by both check in staff and by a front desk manager. The hotel had very limited mobile network service and the manager acknowlegde this and said I would need to use a pay phone to check on the room. No efffort was made to make our initial Encore experience special.The hotels position is the last major hotel on the strip at present and was a little far out form all the action.	
May 22 2009 	Lifestyles Rich 	We got a free 2-night stay at Encore via one of my wife's department store accounts...so we went to Vegas. We got good airfares from San Diego; went USAir going and Southwest returning. Did 1-ways to get best fares/times. Used BellTrans Shuttle to get to/from aikrport/hotel, $24 total. At check-in we were offered upsell from resort suite to panoramic suite for $25/night...and we did. The view from the 59th floor was spectacular. The room was very, very nice. By the bed was a control box for lights, do not disturb , and the window drapes. There was a mini-bar and snacks for purchase. The triple-digit highs broke the day before we arrived, thank goodness. However, we still limited our pool stays to 8-1030 AM. Beautiful order takers came around frequently.We spent some time at the penny slots; the casino--and Vegas--appeared to be only a little over 50 percent, but might have been higher. The Encore staff were plentiful, helpful, and very nice.Lastly, Encore is very nice but 'tres cher.&quot;	
May 22 2009 	All hype...will never go back	I spent a weekend at the Encore for a bachelorette party in May 2009. After reading the reviews and seeing photos of the suites online, it seemed like a great option. The &quot;all suites&quot; hotel was dissappointing from start to finish. The rooms had a sitting area, but it was very small and cramped. The hotel decor itself was nice, but the customer service was horrible. We also dined at the restaurant switch, which also had rave reviews, but was nothing better than a below-average steakhouse. From check in to check out, the staff was rude and unaccomidating. We requested a late check out since some of us were not flying out until the afternoon, and they were not able to accomidate that on a sunday. And to top it off, we were charged $12 for OPENING the minibar, not for USING the minibar. The minibar is on sensors (as are the snacks on the dresser) so even if you open it to see what is inside, they charge you! After we checked out, my friend and I sat in the hotel lounge to rest after walking around, and we were rudely approached by the server who said there was a 1 drink minimum per person just to sit in the lounge (which, by the way at 1 pm was EMPTY). Overall a terrible experience...with so many great hotel choices in Vegas, save your $$ and stay somewhere where they appreciate your business.	
May 22 2009 	We loved the Encore	My wife and I stayed at the Encore for our Anniversary and loved the place.I can talk about our room,the restaurants,the lounges,or room service food.All were great but it was the staff that made our visit incredible.They make you feel like you are #1 and are happy to do so.My mantra is &quot;Great food without great service does not taste very good&quot;.From the Bellman,to the Desk Clerk,Room Maid,Waiter,Bartender,Pool boy,and miscellenious people that seem to be everywhere to help you out,they all are the same page.I read some of the negative reviews and all I can say is...this is The Encore...not the 4 Queens. You get what you pay for!!!	
May 21 2009 	BIG PROBLEM! XS NOISE	My room was on the lower floor of the Encore and we were kept up all night from the excessive noise from the Encore's nightclub XS. The front desk said they would send up ear plugs. The noise lasted until 5:00 AM. This is the way this luxury hotel treated its guest. They knew about the noise, but did not warn me. They did move us the next day, but even on the 26th floor the noise could be heard. Do not accept a room on the south side of the hotel, on the lower level floors unless you want to be kept up all night. XS operates from Thursday through Monday. Basically Mr. Wynn designed a nightclub, rather then a hotel/casio. Beware of this situation.This is not a luxury hotel, unless you are a high roller, and in the tower suite. Turndown had to be requested, They would not change the sheets unless requested, towels have to be placed in the tub or they could end up being reused. The guest should not have to complain or request certain items that are standard in other luxury category hotels. Management should have told the guest about the noise problem and should not have made there customer complain. The hotel owns the nightclub and this is the worst situation for noise at a hotel I have ever experienced. Mr. Wynn should come down from his perch and see what is going on in his hotel.	
May 20 2009 	horrible guest service	I stayed at Encore last month for a &quot;girls weekend&quot; and have next to nothing good to say. I had an offer through Amex Platinum travel so it was a great deal (the room was free and we also had breakfast for 2 days and one lunch comped). The check in area is completely disorganized with people just milling around trying to figure out who is next. The desk agent claimed the hotel was sold out and refused to give us a room with 2 beds, and then we had to wait several hours to get a room when we checked in (which has never happened any other time I have ever stayed in Vegas). They are clearly working with a skeleton work staff (baggage took almost an hour to be delivered, did not get maid service at all one day with no explanation when I called) and yet the casino floor, lobby, valet area, etc. were practically empty the entire time we were there. It does not seem remotely possible that the hotel could have been fully occupied based upon the complete lack of people we saw during our entire stay. Also I was SHOCKED to find out it is their policy that drinks are not comped when gambling at any of the bars in the casino (which is contrary to every single casino in the entire city). It was nearly impossible to get a cocktail waitress on the casino floor. The Encore pool is very party oriented, they have an entire &quot;European bathing&quot; area and there is a DJ playing music that is SO loud you can barely hear yourself think, and the chairs are practically on top of each other. Not relaxing at all. The rooms at Encore are very nice with a separate living room area, but otherwise there is nothing special. Following my visit, I sent a long, detailed letter to guest services with information about the many problems I had encountered and in response (two weeks later) I simply received an email thanking me for the information and stating &quot;sorry to learn that your visit was less than what would be expected of a Wynn property.&quot; They clearly have no interest in guest services or appreciation. I would definitely recommend staying at Bellagio over either of the Wynn properties. You may also note that Encore is currently advertising nonstop on the internet for very cheap room rates that include &quot;resort credit&quot; and you will find that leads to ridiculous lines and wait times for all the restaurants, since you have to use the &quot;credit&quot; at the property.	
May 20 2009	Terrible hotel Terrible Service	I stayed at the Encore from for four days last week and I must admit I was extremely disappointed. I choose the Encore because I had a great time at the Wynn last year. I assumed that the Encore would live up to its brother hotel, if not be better, and trust me it is not.My party consisted of 6 adults and 3 rooms total. The problems started right away. I requested a two bedroom room over four months ago when I booked the vacation, only to come to the surprise that there were not only no 2 bedrooms available, but there were not going to be for my whole stay. If I booked this trip a few weeks ago I would understand, however, I feel over four months in advance I should be guaranteed what I wanted. The man at the front desk explained that saying what kind of room you wanted was just a request and was not guaranteed. Once I got into my room there was no hot water, you would think this would be a temporary problem but it lasted the entire length of my stay (4 days!) and that was in all 3 rooms we rented. Management could care less that a whole floor was not getting hot water for an entire week. They were well aware of the problem, from my understanding a pipe broke on the floor I was on. The icing on the cake was in no way did management even attempt to compensate for this extremely unpleasant surprise with the water. Onto dinner. I ate at a few of the restaurants during my stay, every time I had to wait over 45 minutes later than my reservation time. Once again, all we received from this was apologies. In one instance we missed the beginning of Le Reve which we had tickets for that same night because of the consistent tardiness. Onto the pool. The pool is tiny and cramped compared to the Wynn. For the entire four days we tried to reserve a cabana, and was not able to do so once. In fact, one day the head cabana boy said we weren’t even on the list to get one when I spoke to that cabana boy just the day before and saw him put my name down! I understand I am not Trump or Rockefella but I thought they would treat any customer a little better especially during a recession! The service was terrible, the rooms were very nice but not being able to get hot water for the entire stay was terrible. Not receiving the room I requested over four months ago is just foolish. This is supposedly a five star resort I would say it is a 2 tops. The best part about it was did they even compensate me for anything, even offer a dinner on the… only in my dreams. I play 1 hour on a table at the Venetian I can go stay there compt any week I want to during the year. I play over 20 hours in a week at the Encore I get a buffett compt for one person. Steve Wynn you should really be ashamed on how you are screwing the American Public with this new “5 Star” resort. I will never go back.	
May 19 2009 	Expensive but very good	Its a very smart new hotel and a lot less tacky than most of the others we visited. Good restaurants and a great, if very expensive, spa. Only complaint is really about the service - waited 6 minutes to get the concierge to answer the phone and when we ordered a drink from room service it hadn't arrived after half an hour so we rang to cancel the order and they said they had no note if it anyway. We had a room on the north (mountain view) side which was very quiet. I'd stay there again. Le Reve at the Wynn is definitely worth seeing	
May 19 2009 	A stunning place	We stayed at Encore for two nights on 7th and 8th May 2009 for our wedding anniversary. We got a great deal with Expedia which meant the two nights cost a total of £150. Laura L was very helpful at check in and during a chat we mentioned it was out wedding anniversary. That evening we received a gorgeous chocolate gift and a card from Laura wishing us a happy anniversary which we thought was a very nice gesture. We stayed in a panoramic suite on the 53rd floor facing south (towards Wynn) with a view of the Strip. The suite was amazing, the view fantastic and it was very quiet. We loved everything about Encore and would definately recommend it and stay there again ourselves in the future. We found the staff very nice and helpful. They have a mini bar and other items for sale in the room and if anything is removed from its place for over 60 seconds you are advised you will be charged for it. I removed one item for about 10 seconds and replaced it as soon as I saw this notice. When we came to check out (on the TV in room) we saw that we had been charged for room service for the gift we received and also for the item I had briefly picked up. I called reception and they immediately removed them from our bill. We've stayed at a number of hotels on the Strip in Vegas and are used to the fact that they don't offer in room tea/coffee making facilities for obvious reasons however the coffee shop was near the lifts on the ground floor so it wasn't a problem popping down in the morning and bringing one back to the room plus it was very nice coffee too. We had a great time at Encore and was very sad to leave.	
May 19 2009 	A Cut Above Wynn - But Get to the Pool and the Restaurants Early!	Whoneedssunscreen and her Hub experienced mild trepidation prior to our weekend visit to Encore after viewing some of the reviews on TA. However, being the sunworshipping Vegas scene fools that we be, and having stayed at Wynn on prior occasions, we could not resist the discount E-mail offering for their sister property. We loved the decor and atmosphere upon our arrival, although some might find it too garish. Encore seems more intimate than Wynn and the other Strip hotels, excepting Four Seasons. More importantly, we LOVED our room! We asked for the highest room we could get, and found that on the 50th floor on the north side, street noise and XS club noise remained far below. The room was just beautiful with tasteful mirrors and a division between the bedroom and the living area. There was a very cool, large manly flatscreen television which rotated to face either room. The bathroom was large and comfortable and well appointed. The people at the front desk and within the hotel bars treated us very well, and we had no problems, even when we pointed out that the minibar double-billed us for an eight dollar bag of potato chips. The moment we pointed out that our remote control for the drapes and lights was not working, it was replaced. We were forced to step over a 20-something boy all dressed up and passed out on the hallway floor on our way to the pool at 9:15 a.m. Should you call security? Why get the boy in trouble? He was breathing and looked very happy. We felt intermittently pampered at the &quot;European&quot; pool, depending on the crowd size, but sincerely felt for the poor souls who arrived after 11:00 a.m. who could not find a lounge chair (let alone two next to each other.) What was truly annoying were the towel game players who left towels and other accoutrements on chairs and then returned two to three hours later. (Towel game people should be fed to crocodiles). The staff worked hard to alleviate this situation. The chairs were actually quite comfortable, although on top of each other. The casino/pool area bar had misters, which also were quite comfortable in the 100 degree heat. The pool temperature was actually cold, which felt great later in the day. One tip. If you lay out on the area with the astroturf, bring sandals as the turf gets incredibly hot and feels like hot coals. The pina coladas were delicious. The wife and about 5% of the rest of the women went topless and only about 3% including the wife went topless in the pool. This might have been partially caused by the fact that the &quot;main&quot; pool is rather small, and perhaps people who might not have chosen to be there had no other choice. In any event, we did enjoy the pool very much and found it rather relaxing for Las Vegas.Unfortunately, there was a convention, which meant that almost every restaurant was &quot;committed&quot; until 10:00 p.m. by the time we stumbled up from the pool with pleasant, self-inflicted cases of heatstroke. After many telephone calls, Hub was able to get us into Sinatra's on the patio at 8:30 p.m. We had drinks at the Eastside Lounge beforehand. The wife loved her white cosmopolitan. The service at Sinatra's was outstanding and the food was quite good, but one can't help thinking often when in Las Vegas that whatever you are doing or consuming is just not worth the price. Sinatra's is indeed overpriced. Heck, the wife and I would not spend the usual price for an Encore room either. The wife and I wanted to try out XS, but the line filled with 20-something kids whose self-esteem depend upon whether they get in, was way too long even at 1:30 a.m. Seriously, we are talking hundreds of kids wearing short skirts and silly smirks drunk texting through the wee small hours of the morning. Overall, the experience was a cut above Wynn but be sure to get to the pool and reserve restaurant time early!	
May 18 2009 	Great except for....	Just returned home from a 6 night stay at Encore. The hotel is fantastic and the rooms are wonderful. The only issue we had was a lack of hot water for showers. We called and reported the problem and a maintenance guy came up. He told us that we'd just have to let the water run longer to warm up. The only way it ever warmed up was to run the hot bath water the entire time the shower was running (a huge waste of water). When we checked out we mentioned it again and got a simple &quot;I'm sorry about that&quot;. I expected a much higher level of service and customer satisfaction from this otherwise incredible hotel. Cold showers aren't fun, therefore I would not recommend Encore.	
May 18 2009 	Really Really great place	We just spent 2 nights at the Encore and I would have to say it was worth every penny. Really, really nice rooms with a super nice bed. Everything was spotless. The 42&quot; HD TV was great but could use a few more free channels. My usual gripe is the internet service. Seems like the more expensive the hotel, the more they charge for internet. You can get it for free at most cheap motels but have to pay at the expensive places.Anyway, the only other downside that I can think of is the location. It's a little out of the way but close to the convention center. The food is fantastic and again, in my opinion, you get what you pay for. Great service and great food. The shopping is very high-end and what you would expect for a hotel of this class.On Saturday night the night club was packed. Most of the restaurants were busy but no wait, even for the buffet which we really liked for brunch. We would stay again but the location might make us look at other choices. Love the bed!	
May 18 2009 	Beautiful Hotel and fun stay	This was our first stay at a Wynn property. We went with another couple and we both had booked through AAVacations.com. Upon check in they tell us they are out of non-smoking rooms which we couldn't believe. Luckily our room didn't smell but our friends ended up moving rooms (they moved again after this b/c they got stuck above XS nightclub on their second room). All was forgotten when we walked into our room - beautiful, clean, spacious. They did a really wonderful job on the rooms and the beds were A++++. We all wanted to buy the sheet sets at their store downstairs they were so soft and the pillows were awesome. The rooms had anything you would want and a nice flat screen that could rotate and another flat screen in the bathroom which was a nice touch. I did not mind the hotel decor at all that some have criticized - its Vegas and its supposed to stand out. I thought the hotel was beautiful. The casino is smaller which we also did not mind, the Wynn was a short walk away if you wanted more action. We spent a lot of time at the pool and never had a problem finding chairs. We never went to the &quot;European&quot; pool since we were there to relax and read by the pool. Our first night there it was late and we were hungry so we just walked into the Deli at the Wynn and split salads which were very good and reasonably priced (for Vegas, and for the Wynn). We ate breakfast at this Deli all weekend, it would still be a $40 breakfast but it was just what we wanted for breakfast - I had the veggie bagel which I liked. Friday night we ate at Switch b/c SW steakhouse was booked. The restaurant is very cool and the walls and ceiling change every 30 min - that was the only good thing about it. It was way overpriced and the food was NOT good. Very bland, they need a spice rack in the kitchen. We were not impressed at all and the service was terrible. We barely saw our waiter and for what we were paying the service should be there. We had tickets for La Reve after that which was FANTASTIC. Highly recommend it. Saturday night we ate on the patio at Mon Ami Gabi in the Paris hotel- all 4 of ours favorite restaurant in Vegas. It was delicious and great prices for somewhere on the strip with a great patio. I was a little sad my chop salad has been taken off their menu, which changes several times a year. We had Sunday brunch at the Wynn buffet - reasonable price we thought - $30. The food was pretty good, nothing spectacular. The meats were very fatty, but we all found things we liked and the great thing about a buffet is if you dont like it, you dont have to eat it. The desserts were great there. All in all this was a great stay. Encore is an awesome hotel and we will definitely return. Service could be a little better, but there were also some outstanding people working there. We were sad to leave and could have used 1 more pool day!	
May 15 2009 	Very nice very pricey but you get what you pay for in this case.	Great hotel. I was there on a business trip and don't gamble, so much of Vegas is lost on me, but I really enjoyed this hotel. Very clean. Very good service. I was concerned about noise based on previous reviews, but I didn't hear my neighbors or any music from the street below. I asked for mountain view instead of strip view. Very nice view once you look past the incomplete (and stalled) construction. I had a room on 57. The pics from other members are accurate. I like that the flat screen swivels. Steve Wynn is a bit weird on his channel describing the hotel, but it was more entertaining than anything. Food is outstanding regardless of what you get, but it is EXPENSIVE, especially room service, which I normally expect to be expensive. The pool seemed very nice, but a bit crowded. Outstanding, friendly service. Check-in was a bit slow, however, but my room was ready to go by 11:30 a.m., which was very nice. Did I mention the great food? If I were going back to Las Vegas, I would probably stay at the Marriott Resort about 10 miles off the strip, but only because I'm not a gambler and like the mountains. Encore is expensive, but you get what you pay for in this case.	
May 14 2009 	Amazing Hotel	I stayed at Encore for 4 nights, between May 7 and May 11. I had previously stayed at the Wynn, but it was my first time at Encore. Everything was great, and I did prefer it to the Wynn. I would definitely stay at the Encore again next time. Check-In:We had no problems at all, there was no line-up. We arrived at 11am, and they allowed us to check into our rooms immediately.Room:Room was perfect. Beautiful and spacious. I preferred the rooms at Encore to the rooms at the Wynn. I loved how everything was controlled by the remote control (curtains, lights, etc). And I enjoyed the seperate living and sleeping areas. We didn't find it noisy at all, some ppl complained about the noise in their reviews, but our room was extremely quiet. Also housekeeping did a great job with cleaning/organising the room everyday! Pool:Loved both pools. It was hard to find seats at the European pool unless you went early. Dj was great too. Drinks at the pool were all amazing, I loved their strawberry lemonade. It was hard to get service around the pool, there wasn't enough staff to serve everyone, so we had to wait a while till we got someone to take our order which was annoying.Restaurants at the resort:We dined at Stratta at the Wynn, their mushroom pizza was just excellent! For breakfast, I highly recomend Society cafe. Their french toast and sticky buns are amazing! Best I have ever had. The buffet at the Wynn was okay, the dessert at the buffet was the best part of it. We also ate at Sugar and Spice, and at Terrace Point Cafe, both were alright. Clubs: We didn't actually get around to going to XS or Tryst. But if you go to the concierge, you can get free passes from them. Otherwise cover would be around $20-$30 per person. Casino:The casino overlooks the pool, and it gets lots of natural light unlike other casinos. It is smaller than the other casinos though. Location:It is at the end of the strip, but I actually prefered that. It is steps away from the Wynn, Venetian and Palazzo. And it is right across from the mall.	
May 14 2009 	Fantastic Hotel - The only one I will stay at going forward	This is the nicest hotel on the Las Vegas Strip. I've stayed at Bellagio and until now my impression was that it was the nicest.My wife and I loved the location. It was at the north end of the stip, but only a 10 minute walk to the center of the action. Being so far north results in a quiet, non crowded hotel. Walking through Caesars, Mirage and even Bellagio is a gong show with all the crowds so we really appreciated how quiet Encore was.Room was perfect. We had the basic room on the 61st floor looking north. (Room 6117)Fantastic view of the north strip and golf course. It was very quiet and we never heard any noise from the night club or other rooms. I think it was because we were facing North. Basic room still means a HUGE bathroom, seperate living aread with a swivel flast screen tv that turns towards the bedroom, and the King size bed was extremely comfortableWe ate at:Bartalotta: Incredible italian seafood restaurant. We ate outdoors in a cabana and was probably the nicest setting I've ever eaten dinner inSociety: Incredible burger. Okada: Amazing sushi and modern Japanese fair. views outside of the waterfall were spectacularWazuzu: The dim sum was the best I've ever hadBotero: Steak was good, but not fantastic. Was a little over cooked but the truffled mac and cheese more than made up for it. Country Club: amazing cobb salad. View from the patio overlooking the 18th green was beautifulRoom service breakfast: Omellete's wern't actually very good. They seemed to be pre-molded with the toppings (mushroom ham and cheese) scooped underneath it. The hasbrowns however were very decadent. Now, all this being said, the restaurants are clearly overpriced by approximately 20% however, you are on vacation and Vegas is a tourist area so you can't blame them. It is something to note though. If you want breakfast for $2.99 or dinner buffet for $8.99 than Encore is not for you.The pool area is gorgeous. Not as big as some of the other major hotels, but again very relaxing and not too crowded.The casino: Beautiful. It was never too crowded and very friendly. One thing i particularly liked about it is it wasn't jam packed with slot machines. It was a very open space that didn't feel too crammed with all the regular casino crap.Club XS: It's gotta be experienced. The people are beautiful, the drinks are amazing and has both a fun dance floor with a huge rotating chandalier and an outdoor area surrounding the pool. Expensive but well worth the experience.The Staff: If you've ever stayed at a Four Seasons, this hotel rivals it in terms of staff service levels. Always with a smile, friendly and they all seemed to really enjoy working there. From bellhops, to room service, to casino dealers to bartenders, they all really appreciated and enjoyed working at Wynn/Encore.All in all, this was probably my best Vegas trip to date (been 7 times now)We will be returning next year to Encore and probably won't ever stay anywhere else.	
May 14 2009	OMG!!! I LUV the WYNN / ENCORE sheer Beauty !!!	My stay @ the Fabulous WYNN/ ENCORE was one of the most greatest time i've had in Vegas the service was great every request that i made was was done with no problem , i just loved theh decor the RED CARPETS were my favorite. the suites are very Elegant and the view we had was to die for . My man and i had a very very very great Experience @ the Encore and cant wait to go back !!!!!	
May 13 2009 	Worst Place To Plan A Special Event	I wanted to plan a trip for my Boyfriend and his Twin Brother for their 26th Birthday. We are originally for Orange County, CA so it was going to be quiet an expensive trip to gather a group our closest friends to travel out to Vegas with us. Having monthly comps at the Palazzo we decided to go outside the box and try a hotel stay at Encore at the Wynn. We were extremely excited after viewing how elegant and nice the hotel is on their website. We decided to plan the entire stay at the Wynn. Club Tryst on Friday night and Club XS on Saturday night. This is so we would never have to leave the hotel. I had arranged the whole weekend the week in advance to ensure that everything was set in stone with our stay at the Encore.At check in, the lobby area felt extremely clutter due to the fact that they do no host an employee to direct any one person to a check in station. Upon check in, each guest is supposed to wait in any given line we unfortunately stood in a line with a guest who took 25 minuets to check out. When my party got to the front I told the check in host that I wanted to check in for 3 rooms on my reservation but leave the key cards up front so when my friends came they could pick up their room keys without checking in. The host had me write down each person’s name myself so she can have a key card ready. I had originally booked my stay at the Wynn’s website so I was surprise to know that my reservation rate was changed upon check in. I had to wait around 25 to 35 minuets for the host to fully check me in since she had to rebook my stay and get manager approval at the rate I booked on Wynn’s Website. This was very annoying. You walk into this hotel come to find out that you are already starting to have problems.All 3 rooms were booked on the same floor. Unfortunately my room was booked next to a room that had a barking door, THAT NEVER STOPPED BARKING. I don’t even believe dogs are allowed in the hotel. I am not certain. The room is small compared to The Palazzo. Nothing too special about the room except that it is modern and updated. The restrooms have no vents so when taking a hot shower it steams up the whole room. There is only one TV for the room and one for the bathroom. Which in other hotels I receive 2 flat screens and 1 in the bathrooms. So that night we went to Tryst. We were placed at a outside deck table, when we specifically asked to be inside. The table host stated that unless we tipped him or bought 2 additional bottles we would not be able to be sat inside. Due to the fact that we were going to have bottle service at XS the next night we wanted to keep simple for the first night so we decided not to tip the table host $200.00 and keep our table. To be so blunt about a bribe I was very shocked. I received a call around 11:00pm while at Tryst from a friend that was staying in one of the 3 rooms. He stated that he was unable to check in and I would have to leave Tryst to check in for him. I couldn’t believe that the original check in host did not do her job, but now I was being asked to leave the Tryst night club so I could check my party in. I asked my friend to hand over the phone but the check in host stated that I would have to come to the front or call in. I called in and my friend was able to check in. Come to find out when he checked in, the host upstairs gave my friend the key to my hotel room, not theirs. How would you feel as a guest barely checking in to your hotel room to find that the room was being used by someone else. The immediately got on the phone with guest services stating the room was already used and to bring a key to their suite immediately. It took them 25 minuets. WHAT HORRIBLE CHECK IN STAFF THE HAVE.The next night we went to XS at 9pm to get our table. The table host blew us off and made us wait in line foe 3 hours. Then around 11:30 they stated that all the tables were given away and that all they could do was free entry. WTF right? We had a table reservation, we waited in line and they treated us like crap. I was furious by that time.The next night I check out of the Encore totally sadden by the customer service. I called into the hotel asking for a credit with Hotel Correspondence. They stated that I would hear back within 5 to 6 business days. I did not hear back in 6 Business days so I called back again. They still did not have an answer. Then I called back a 3rd time and still no results.All in all the service at the Wynn, Encore, Tryst, and XS are horrible. I will never stay their again due to the help that they hire to run there table service and check in. I cant believe my boyrfirends trip was ruined due to Table Host who would not treat a hotel guest GOOD unless they were tipped under the table.	
May 12 2009 	Spa close but not quite perfect	Spa is really gorgeous. Colors are very nice-- oyster/gold/blue. Lots of details that were very nice and awfully attractive. Lockers look like luggage with the key pad as a luggage tag. Lobby ceiling is terrific. Gym is well equipped and comfortable. However, it was decorated as &quot;mans world&quot; browns etc. Treatment was wonderful. One of the best treatments I've ever had. Heated loungers in wet area were unique and incredible. Rain Shower wall was fabulous and I'm getting one for my house.So,... here are the &quot;buts&quot;. 1. Totally lame steam room. No steam. 2. No bathing suit dryer. Attendant suggested we use the dry sauna. Yes, it worked but... The wet areas are large-- whirlpools the size of small swimming pools so women were primarily dressed in swim suits. Its nice to have a way to dry it before leaving the spa. 3. Salt scrubs are offered but there are no treatment rooms that dont have carpet. Salt etc can get in the carpet. Other spas have tiled rooms for scrubs. 4. Prior to your treatment you are directed to a &quot;tranquility room&quot;. That's great. Its a nice room with comfortable loungers. But staff use the &quot;tranquility room&quot; as a cut through to get to the reception desk. Huh? So there are women relaxing, therapists welcoming their apointments and desk personnel dashing about. Hardly tranquil. 5. Cell phone usage in spa!	
May 12 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	Just came back from a weekend at Encore. Got a great package deal through Allegiant Air, which made this hotel a great value. We didn't ask for an upgrade, but were given a room on the 27th floor with a great view of part of the golf course, the Wynn and a bit of the strip. The room was gorgeous and super large. 2 beds, a huge L shaped couch, luxurious bathroom. Very comfy beds.The only hotel amenity we used/went to was the nightclub XS. Hottest club in Vegas and it was amazing. Lineup on Saturday was insane, we were very lucky to find someone who helped us get in right away. For eating and swimming we always went to the Wynn, which has a better selection of restaurants and a bigger pool.It's true what ppl say about the noise. The walls in the room are a little thin, we could hear the couple next door arguing...mind you, they were talking really loud. Also, even on the 27th floor we could hear a faint thud from the bass of the club music. Didn't bother us as we had just come from there and at 5am there was nothing that could stop us from falling sleeping. The only real downside to this hotel is the location. We mostly used Wynn amenities and anytime we left Encore to go somewhere else, like the mall, we had to go through the Wynn. Basically, even though Encore was great, I wouldn't stay there again...the Wynn is just as amazing, so out of convenience, I would stay there instead next time.	
May 12 2009 	Encore--fringe bobbles and over the top elegance.	We love the Wynn, but we love the Encore even more. However, put the two side by side and you have the perfect hotel for Las Vegas. The hotel is similar to the Wynn; over the top decor, fringe and bobbles on fringge and bobbles and glass chandeliers that scream for your attention. But, the rooms are somehow more comfortable, elegant and welcoming. The bathrooms are wonderful too, with creams, Picasso sketches and a larger TV in the wall than the Wynn. Our meal at Botero was good, but they could use a few more months of training the staff. The wait staff at Botero would also look better in something more special than T Shirts. Our check in was all messed up and we were never informed that our room was ready and the woman was less than friendly--but the rest makes up for it. The casino is the lightest, and most intimate around and the pool had a great vibe. We're going again and dare anyone who loves Vegas to dislike Encore.	
May 12 2009 	The staff couldn't care less about us...	How very disappointing. The magnificent Wynn and Encore - I don't think so. I shall start from the beginning - and let me say that I have never written such a derogotary review of a hotel on TA before:When we arrived, first the receptionist tried to downgrade our room as we'd booked a prepay deal via Expedia. She was actually going to 'escort us' as she put it - out of the Tower Suites reception to the resort reception until I could provide written proof myself that we should be there. After a 'discussion' with her manager lasting some time, we were allowed to stay in the room we booked - but she neglected to offer us the normal water and cold towels that one would expect in a 5 star hotel. Other guests got that, but not us! Finally when this was sorted, we were given a key card (not shown to our room as I would expect) and we waited and waited... and waited for our luggage. Finally after we chased and phoned, it arrived - an hour and a half later, and the bellboy was rude when he didn't get a tip. We tip for good service and don't tip for bad, sorry. We tried to make ourselves a coffee while we waited, but no facilities, shame. Again when we would stay in a hotel of this caliber, and in a room of this status, one would expect an executive lounge to grab a coffee if there are no facilities in your room. Not so, at the Encore, you only get access to the lounge if you have a 'gold star' on your card - and you only get those if you spend heavily in the casino. So if you would like a coffee when you wake in the morning, you have to get dressed and walk down past reception, into the hotel for about 10 minutes where you have the privilege of spending $5 on a coffee when you've already spent somewhere in the region of $500 on your room. Nice. I also told them it was my husband's 30th birthday while we were there - normally I would expect some recognition of this - I am not asking for huge freebies - just a little token to mark the occasion - even a sparkler on a dessert... you have to be kidding, they couldn't care less. I also personally found the waitresses with their fake boobs on display and bottoms hanging out of their deliberately short dresses a little much for breakfast time... Then there was the pool - I have a rule that I won't stay anywhere with plastic sunloungers, but somehow this place snuck through... we couldn't even find a spare one, and they are so crammed in you are like sardines. It is clearly a place where people go to show off their bodies, girls in full make up and high heels - I even saw one gentleman taking photos of a lady in a rather, um, uncompromising position - and this was quite the norm. It is very much about being seen at the 'pool scene' and you get looked up and down as you walk around, it's a bit like a daytime nightclub meatmarket. As a normal size 14, 30 something, I felt very very uncomfortable... didn't stay there long!And I was particularly offended when I asked for a glass of prosecco and was told that they had run out at that bar but the barman could offer me a glass of sparkling wine 'for the same money' - I wasn't asking for it because I wanted cheap champagne, more because we were off for an Italian meal and I find prosecco the perfect aperitif for such a thing! Oh, and when we checked out, they snuck on $50 for minibar things - which we hadn't touched. It took 20 minutes to fix the problem, and the snotty receptionist didn't even say sorry... What I will say for the hotel is that it is at the nicer end of the Strip, and the rooms are stunning. We had dinner at Sinatra's which was excellent and I would say of a 1 Michelin star standard, though they do not have such an award yet. Also of note is Stratta, the Italian restaurant where the food is excellent and the staff amongst the best in the hotel. And LE REVE is truly spectacular, a must. Then there was Big Steve, security at the Encore, tower suites - who was charming, the best member of staff we found in our four days there.	
May 12 2009 	Beautiful hotel wonderful stay	We stayed at this hotel May 7-10 celebrating Mother's day.(Mom, sister, mother in law) This is a new hotel just opened Dec '08 and it is a very beatiful classy and trendy hotel.Check in was no problem no lines quick and very friendly professional staff. We were offered an upgrade for $25 per nite in a room on the 51st flr but we declined b/c we heard that it was'nt worth it we were in 2 connecting rooms on the 17th floor strip view and the room and views were spectaular no need to upgrade. when the bellman brought our luggage up he gave us a tour of the suite and told us about operating the lights and advised us not to touch the minibar items staing that they were weighted and if touched we would be charged and I noticed that one of the items were missing he called housekeeping to let them know so that we would not be charged. I guess because the minibar items should not be touched that may be why they were COVERED in dust housekeeping obviously doesn't touch them either. I also noticed in the water closet that the light sconce was dusty so thats why the four stars on cleanliness. Overall the stay was very good we ate at society cafe food and service great. Wynn buffet excellent. We ordered room service twice for breakfast hot and delicious about $54 for two. We brought 2 rooms through expedia and rented a car in a package and paid $953 and we got a $75 room credit per room b/c we prepaid be advised that they hold a $150 charge on credit card for incidentals and if its a debit card it holds for 7 days. I liked the location of this hotel its away from the drunk crowds and the seedy element. I would advise to rent a car so that you can avoid the crowded buses and monorail all the Hotels offer free valet parking and all we paid in gas was $12 traffic is not bad and we drove up and down strip, town square, las vegas outlets and downtown.We took pink jeep tour, we did downtown freemont, statosphere lounge, KA cirque de soliel, wolfgang puck, Olives, George Wallace show, Eleven Spa, House of Blues gospel brunch,you can see those reviews on other post . We did not experience any club noise in our rooms as other reviewers said, the whole time on our floor we never even saw anyone on our floor much less noise very quiet and relaxing. Even going to visit other hotels like MGM and Bellagio they were so noisy and crowded you felt lost and overwhelmed not what I would consider relaxing at all. I don't gamble but my mom and mother in law does and they thought the casino was a little too quiet they went to the Wynn to gamble 3 minute walk through esplande shoppes.	
May 12 2009 	Great hotel spoilt by the noise and service!	We have stayed in three different hotels in Vegas and enjoyed our stay each time (The Venetian, The Wynn, LV Hilton). But unfortunately our stay at The Encore was not great.There is no doubt the decor and presentation of the resort is excellent. We stayed on the 24th floor with a Strip view. The room was very clean and well presented although the decor was not to our taste.The room overlooked the pool and XS nightclub - that's where the problems started! XS is open from 10.00pm to 5.00am. The bass and drumming from the nightclub music carried in to our room rendering a quiet nights sleep impossible. After our complaints, we were relocated to an upgraded room on the 57th floor with Strip view. Still had to use ear plugs though as the nightclub was still audible.We also had mixed and confusing service associated with the Red Card (this is the card you can accumulate gaming points for comps). We were told on receipt of the card that we would receive a complimentary buffet after 400 points - not honoured by the hotel! Then told that we would receive other comps after 750 points - also not honoured. Finally, we were told that we could get cash back at check out, but guess what, not honoured.All-in-all, whilst a great looking resort, perhaps it needs to decide whether it wants to become a resort centred around nightlife, or luxury relaxation. A little more transparancy on the Red Card would also be welcome.	
May 10 2009 	Superb Hotel on the Strip	Fantastic hotel. We booked this room for 2 nights (May 6 and 7) several months before our trip at about $339 per night (panoramic suite). Called about a week before to see if the hotel could make a more attractive offer. They promptly gave us a Wynn rate and upgrade dus to this same suite for $219 a night. Quite a value. Very large room. Spotless hotel. Fantasic decor. Prompt courteous service. Free valet parking. Super quick bellmen. Casino doesn't smell like smoke. Would definitely stay there again. Downsides: At the far north end of the strip; so somewhat removed from the other hotels on the strip. $13.99 per 24 hours of internet service.	
May 9 2009 	Lovely Hotel But Would Not Pay Full Price	Stayed at Encore 4/26-5/1. It is a lovely hotel decorated in red and butterflies. The casino is small but not so much that it seemed crowded. I would describe it as intimate. The first room we were in was on the 29th floor facing the south strip. It was a lovely view of the strip, pools and Wynn golf course. Unfortunately, we were bothered by the music from the nightclub and had to move. They moved us down and across the hall - No nightclub noise on that side. Housekeeping was not as through as I would expect at a 5-star property. The bath counter did not seem to get wiped down during the entire stay. A dirty wine glass from Tuesday was still there when we left Friday. There was a blue M&amp;M and three Encore ink pens wedged between the wall and the nightstand. They are probably still there. We paid $129/night for our stay. I would not pay more than that to stay at this property.	
May 9 2009 	Great Service	We stayed in the tower suites. We tried to upgrade to a larger suite but the only room available was the salon suite for an extra $250/night. Not going to happen. The service was wonderful, the room was comfortable, and the bed was outstanding. My only complaint was the pool area is small and I really detested the music that was being blasted around the pool area. It sounded like high end elevator music. I have bose noise reducing headsets and I could still hear it over my music. We rented a cabana the last day there. It is expensive at $300/day but was so worth it. Overall, we definitely would stay here again.	
May 9 2009 	Good hotel with a few issues	We stayed @ Encore May 1 - 5. We are a couple in our upper 50's who have been to Vegas many times, previously staying @ Caesars. Got a great deal thru FATWALLET using code VIPCODE which was $199 for weekends &amp; $129 for weekdays so we decided to switch. I felt that check in was disorganized in that you lined up behind a clerk vs a snakeline in which you got looked after in order of showing up. We had reserved 2 beds. They told us that they only had rooms with a King bed available, that they were sold out so we either took it or not. They offered us a rollaway bed - no thanks. Then when I was asked to sign the registration card, I noticed that they wanted to charge us $699 for Sat night. I said no way &amp; clerk had to go check with the Supervisor in order to give us the $199 rate that I had booked. Got assigned a resort room on the 9th floor in the middle of the floor ie close to the elevators. View was overlooking the pool/nightclub etc &amp; SW view. Had no noise issues whatsoever re the Club or neighbours. Elevators are conviently located behind Registration. Lobby Bar opens @ 6:00 AM for quick breakfasts &amp; great cappucino. We were out of the room @ 8:00 AM Saturday &amp; when we returned after 3:00, room had not been made up. Called &amp; complained &amp; were told that they had until 5:00 to clean the rooms. Fine - we tracked down a maid &amp; got fresh towels &amp; told them no service required for that day. Next two days, we were also out of the room early &amp; both days, room was cleaned by noon. No turn down service unless requested.Ate @ Botero, Wazuzu &amp; Society Cafe &amp; all were good. Ate @ Okada, WIng Lei, Buffet &amp; Terrace Court @ Wynn &amp; they were very good with Wing Lei outstanding IMHO. Pools (ie 2) are small with virutally no shade. When we went out there Friday @ 1:00 PM, no chaises available. Next 3 days we were there early &amp; had no problems getting a chaise which was very comfortable. Most people @ pool &amp; the hotel in general seemed under 40 ie crowd seemed much younger than Caesars.Casino is smallish &amp; Cashier has only 2 wickets. Re Red Card. When you sign up, you get $10 in free slot play. For every $3 played, you get 1 point. After 100 points, you get a spin at a wheel with min win of $10 in free slot play. After 400 points, free buffet for 2 @ Wynn since Encore has no buffet. Cash back is for every 50 points you get $1 back so you need to gamble $150 to get $1 back. Warning - do NOT get your cashback until you hit 400 points since points reset to zero as soon as you take your cashback.Fashion Mall is across the Street. Area North of Encore seemed very dead. All action is south of Encore/Wynn. Checkout was efficient &amp; there were no issues with our bill.	
May 8 2009 	Great Suite but hated the red buttterfly carpets	We stayed at Encore for 2 nights. The room was relaxing with nice sectional couch, swivel TV and the bathroom was great, however the handle from the shower fell off, there was no soap holder and the soap would always slip from the ledge on to the floor. Also when you opened the bathroom door it almost hit the toilet seat. Those were my issues -- my husband said the desk phone wasn't working and he had to put a towel under the door to keep the sound of our neighbour's phone conversation from coming in. He also felt he was getting charged too much for incidentals. We did get a good deal on the room and a $75 credit which you could use in the Hotel.We went to the Japanese restaurant Okada at Wynn the sushi was good but way overpriced and the $75 credit gets eaten up in 2 seconds.I would recommend the Terrance Pointe Cafe, the Asian salad was outstanding. We went to another place for breakfast can't remember the name but was terrible the breakfast bagel was hard and the egg inside had been cooked the day before I'm sure and the coffee wasn't good and they wanted $5--I would recommend going to Starbucks in the mall across the street.We also used the liquor store close by to get some good bottles of red wine to take back and enjoy in our room.We enjoyed both pools, however the music was a bit loud at the topless pool(only saw 1 person topless) but I guess you can't please everyone all the time.We had a fun time anyway.We were supposed to go to Mexico but changed our plans coz of the swine flu. Forgot to mention I thought the red butterfly carpets throughout the Hotel were tacky but then again that's Vegas for you.	
May 8 2009 	One of the best hotels we have ever stayed in	We stayed at the Wynn Encore during our recent stay in Las Vegas. It was our first visit to Vegas and we also stayed at the MGM during our trip. The Encore was a very luxurious. We paid £90 for our room on 1800hotels.com and when checking-in were offered an upgrade to a 21000ft room for £140 or to pay £20 to have a view of the strip. We declined both of these and our room was on the 38th floor facing up the strip towards the stratosphere. The view was amazing especially at night. The casino it self was quieter than the others we had visited on the strip, but it had a lovely relaxed atmosphere. The room was huge - don't know why we would have needed an upgrade - and the bathroom was lovely especially the TV you could watch while in the bath! The pool looked lovely although we did not use it during our stay. Would definately recommend the Encore especially as you can get some cheap rooms at the moment.	
May 7 2009 	One of the best hotels I've ever been in	Great hotel - the rooms (ours was had 2 queen beds) were huge! Bathroom had shower, soaking tub, double sinks. and private toilet area. The foyer had a closet with dresser inside of it which was the only complaint about the room - it was far too small. The rest of the room had a sitting area with an large &quot;L&quot; shaped couch. Along with the two double beds there was also a desk. It was plenty of room and space for 4 people. However the view of the strip was mostly blocked because of the Wynn.The hotel is very nice and pretty but there is nothing to 'go look' at as there are with the other nice hotels on the strip. (Bellagio has the fountains, Venetian has the shopping, etc).The staff was very helpful and very nice, never had a problem with anyone (except for one waiter).The pool area was very small and nothing special about the pool - except one is a topless pool so families with children beware!Ate at Switch - the food was amazing and the atmosphere of the restaurant changed every 20 minutes so it was like dining with a show! Unfortunately the service was horrible, the waiter treated us like we have never eaten out before and huffed and moaned when we asked for our picture to be taken.Also ate lunch at Botero which was great! Highly recommend eating there for lunch instead of at the pool bar.	
May 6 2009 	Very Good with a few issues	OK, just back from five nights at Encore. Overall we enjoyed our stay. We were not crazy about the layout of the room but it was beautiful nonetheless. We had a panoramic suite on floor 62 (second to highest floor). Bathroom was beautiful but the layout of the rest of the room is awkward. Steve Wynn obviously watnted all these to be suites but the divider between the bed and the sitting area does not do much for the room. The couch was also uncomfortable. The decor is outstanding. The mirrored wall by the bed is kind of cheesy. The view we had was good but not great and again we were on the second to top floor in a panoramic suite. The issue is that most of our view was obscured by Wynn. This is a south facing view which is the view of most of the strip but you can't see much except Mirage and TI because Encore is directly behind Wynn and we were staring right at Wynn (as everyone else will be in any room looking down the strip). Bed, linens and pillows were OUTTANDING. Maid service was excellent and timely. Wireless was full signal with no issues. We had room service twice and both times the foood was very good and arrived quickly. We ate at Switch which was very good and also Botero which was average. We also ate breakfast at the buffett at Wynn which was excellent for breakfast. Cocktails are 14 bucks if you're not gambling and were weak. We ended up going and buying some booze at a liquor store (next door) after paying a few hundred bucks on drinks the first few days. We are not drunks but 14 dollar drinks add up quickly. The pools are WAY TOO SMALL and do not have nearly enough space. People were crammed in and on top of you at all times. There were not enough chairs and the waitress service was horrificly slow. This was a huge dissapointment for us because we like to hang outside and sun and swim for a few hours every day. The pools here suck. Period. Big mistake by Steve Wynn. I don;t know what he was thinking, they are simply too small for the size of the hotel. The Wynn pools are better but too far a walk and they were also very crowded. The casino was dead even on the week-end. Casino bars were also dead all six days we were there, even Friday and Saturday. We went to XS (encore's high end club) on Friday night and it was OUTSTANDING. Great club (we are in our early 40's) with a good mix although average age was probably late 20's to early 30's. Overall I would return mid-week but would not return on the week-end just because the pool area is too small for when Encore is more than half full. If you are not into the sun, swim, lounge outside thing then this place is for you anytime.	
May 6 2009 	Superb	The room was wonderful, the service was excellent - I'd stay here again in a heartbeat! Really, really nice place.	
May 5 2009 	The Room was great especially for the $$$.	The Room/Suite was extremely comfortable. The new hotel ambiance was great. The bed was very comfortable. The livingroom area was welcomed. The bathroom with the separate shower and soaking tub are great., then there was the private toilet area. Also , there is a television in the bathroom as well as an HD TV that swivelled for both the bedroom and livngroom. The ability to open and close the drapes and turn the lights on and off from the bed side was a plus as well as the dimmers on the lamps. Our view was just so-so but that was because we were early getting there before the 3 PM check-in time and we took the first room available (8th floor) with a King Bed. We did have a problem with the housekeeping, however, once I expresed my displeasure they came back and recleaned the room, provided a turn down service with slippers and music playing upon our return as well as the extra glasses we had requested since we were briging friends back to the room after dinner.We had dinner at one of their restaurants, Sinatra, which was just so-so with small portions and overpriced.	
May 4 2009 	Excellent stay	Hotel is top notch. Rooms are beautiful and service was excellent.	
May 4 2009 	Opulent but...........	Having stated in the Wynn 4 or 5 times &amp; all the other Vegas 5 star hotels we were really looking forward to our 12 night stay.Rooms are awesome, the best, the bars are great but can be quiet due to the end of strip location, service overall is very good.The pool is too small, people crammed in, we stayed on the 21st floor, strip facing &amp; when the nightclub is open its [--]......the bang bang goes on until 5 in the morning so avoid the low floors, this really is a huge problem, the complaints must be massive, it really is awful......prefer the Wynn!	
May 4 2009 	Luxurious 5 star with a few service challenges	A gorgeous, elegantly appointed luxurious hotel. The rooms are beautiful, beds super comfortable, the food is spectacular. It is located at the far end of the strip - the last hotel before a bunch of empty lots and construction but it's a quick walk to Palazzo, Forum Shops and Fashion Show etc. The casino floor is laid out very elegantly and is much brighter than most -it's a refreshing change. Unfortunately, I did experience some problems with service. On arrival, the front desk attendant sold me a room upgrade based on a &quot;guaranteed panoramic view of the strip&quot;'. I bought the upgrade because it was my boyfriends first visit to Las Vegas and we discussed how nice it would be to have such a view. When I got to my room, I found myself on the back side of the hotel with a view of the empty lots and construction site. It was &quot;arguably&quot; still the strip - but there was no mistake, I had been sold an upgrade to the back side of the hotel and the view was not what I was sold. I made my way back to the front desk and explained that I felt very deceived. The woman apologized, but did not offer to remove the upgrade charge. I was baffled at why a hotel of this caliber would do something so cheap. I decided to wait until check out to see if they would correct the problem - upon check out the upgrade charge was still there. I think it's sad because this hotel incredible, yet I'll always remember it as the hotel that deceived me into paying for a view that I didn't get. On our arrival - we had flown from the E. Coast and were starving - we went to the buffet. I would normally not consider the buffet but we didn't know our way around the hotel and this was the first thing we got to. I was AMAZED at how good the food was, I've never seen a buffet quite like this one. Unfortunately, we waited 15 minutes for the server to come over to our table to take our drink order and after finishing, the server never came back to give us the bill for the drinks. I had to get up and search for a hostess who disappeared to go looking for our server. Leaving us standing around waiting so that we could pay $7 for a beer. (ridiculous) It was not a good start to this stay and I think that having the 2 problems points to some deficiencies in service management (It's not horrible, but just not up to the standard you would expect)Despite the 2 unfortunate service incidents, I still think this hotel is amazing . I recommend it highly and I will definitely be staying here again. (but I'll pass on the upgrade next time, and I've learned my lesson about buffets)	
May 4 2009 	Excellent Choice!!!	My family and I just returned from a family trip to Las Vegas where we booked the Encore via a Hotels.com flight/hotel deal (great deal by the way). We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Encore. I've stayed at other hotels on the strip, including the Bellagio and we so enjoyed the Encore much more.....the strip down near the Bellagio/Ceasars seems to be a bit dirty, old and less upscale than the location of the Wynn/Encore.The size of the rooms are great and the newness of the hotel is a definte plus (I love new hotels). There are two flat screens in the room - one in the bathroom and one in the bedroom/living area.A few downsides: (1) the hotel will not guarantee a double bed room, even though you request one.....they say it's &quot;just a request&quot;. They may try to charge you extra if you want a room with two double beds instead of a King. (2) They charge $30 per day to go to the gym....couldn't believe it! (3) They try to get you to upgrade your room.....don't do it! We paid $25 extra per night for a high floor room facing the strip (60th floor).....my sister had a strip facing room on a floor a few floors lower (38th floor) and she didn't have to pay anything extra and the view was the same!Overrall we loved our stay and will definitely stay here again....I don't plan on staying on the side of the strip near Bellagio/Ceasars until they clean it up a bit and update the area!! You won't go wrong with this hotel, especially if you book a great deal online at hotels.com or one of the other sites.	
May 3 2009 	Truly classy-very upscale 	We got a great deal booking flight &amp; hotel package with Westjet back in February.We arrived at Check in around 12:30pm and asked for a non-smoking room as we requested initially however we did not get into our room until 4:30pm. Booked the Resort Suite and were offered an upgrade to one of the top 10 floors for $25 per day. This was a special promotion as they normally charge $125 per day so we took it. It was worth it. Be prepared to bring your bathing suit to lounge by the pool while you wait for your room.The hotel was incredibly beautiful &amp; oppulent to say the least. Upscale in every way. We've stayed at Caesars Palace &amp; MGM in the past and enjoyed the latter as it was midway through the strip in the midst of the hustle &amp; bustle. We love to be in the heart of the main strip as it gave us a plethora of choices for entertainment, dining &amp; nightlife. This resort was quite far from everything else. Took advantage of the Monorail passes however we were told that Wynn had cancelled the stop at their hotel so we had to walk all the way to Harrah's station to catch the train everyday.Rooms:Resort Suite was beautiful with separate bedroom &amp; living room divided by a half wall with swivel HD television. We requested the strip view but got the mountain view instead. King size bed was the most comfortable we've ever slept on! Sound proof rooms as we could not hear a peep from the surrounding rooms or the hallways. Very nice. Bathrobes, safe, good amenities.Dining:We ate at Stratta's on our last night there and it was quite disappointing. After being seated we waited 10 minutes before we were even greeted and handed our menu's. Our server was too busy to take our table as she was overwhelmed by 6 tables already. We had another server from a farther section come over to take our order and he seemed to be in a hurry all the time. Food was phenominal but unfortunately I can't say the same for the service. I don't blame the wait staff but the management who run this restaurant. Maggiano's Little Italy located at the Fashion Show Mall. Food &amp; service were great and you definitely get your money's worth here. Servings are absolutely generous. Our waiter Shane took his time and was genuine when it came down to suggested dishes, etc. We highly recommend this place if you decide to stay at this end of the strip.Nightlife:We ventured over to BLUSH on Wednesday evening. Nice ambiance but once again, service was not that great. Unless you're planning on purchasing &quot;Bottle Service&quot; your waitress will not even bat an eye. We ordered high end Cognac but noticed only 2 tables had bottle service. They were taken care of very well while the remainder of the guests in the bar resorted to getting their drinks from the bartender. Pool:Wonderful but be prepared to spend quite a bit for drinks &amp; food. Enjoyed it just the same. Service was great the first day however second day waitress didn't even once come by our section as there were 10 other guests complaining. No big deal as we just grabbed our drinks at the pool bar. We did look into booking a private Cabana but at $500 per day/$250 per half day, we decided to pass. Lounge Bars:We enjoyed all the lounge bars in the hotel but one of our favourites was the bar located just outside the Eastside Lounge. Service was great and Joe our bartender was super friendly and very generous with the drinks:-). Nice to see they don't believe in watering down their beverages.We were prepared for the upscale ambiance &amp; $$$$$ however as mentioned before the location is too far from everything. Overall we did enjoy our vacation and we do not regret reserving our stay here. Whether it's a 3 star or 5 star, you will always find good and bad.	
May 3 2009 	Nothing short of Fantastic!	Upon check-in we realized my wallet was missing. We were not sure where it had lost. We told the staff and they quickly had security checking to see which cab we had arrived in. They were genuinely concerned and very helpful. We were impressed with this!The old adage &quot; you get what you pay for&quot; is true, at least for us, with our stay at Encore. We had the pleasure of having great service from the Bell Desk, Valet, Security, Registration and Concierge.Our room was spotless and I checked it over quite well after reading some reviews on here. We had absolutely no problems with our room or service. The rooms are gorgeous, a little disappointing that they did not have jet tubs however.I loved all the natural light in the Casino and a huge plus, the Casino was not smokey like all the other Casinos. The restaurants are on the pricier side, so if you are not into that, you can find more affordable places to eat while sightseeing.All in all we had a great stay at Encore and would go back in a heartbeat.A heads up about the cab drivers however. We found a lot would take the longer way than they had to.., this ran up the meter immensely! Be warned.	
May 2 2009 	Awesome week in Vegas	We got a great package deal including flight and room at the Encore. Very stylish, festive hotel with superb service. Our room was on a high floor overlooking the strip with floor-to-ceiling windows. Amazing bed. Definitely check out the spa... huge and beautiful, and a nice gym too. We didn't hear the nightclub, as some other reviews mentioned, so maybe they've fixed that. We could occasionally hear our neighbors through the door that connects the two rooms, but no big deal.	
May 2 2009 	not sooo great	my sister and i recently returned from a trip to the encore. we have previously stayed at the wynn and have stayed at the bellagio too. our room was lovely however housekeeping made our beds the first day and the sheets were hanging out below the comforter. we had to call a technician to the room to fix our safe. we were asking him questions about the mini=bar and he said &quot;if i'm going to pay that price for a drink, I want to see some boobies. yes you read that correctly.The casino was nice and roomy however the chandliers are so bright red that they appear gaudy. these are all over the casino. while eating breakfast at the wynn we were talking to a gentlemen who said it looks like valentines and christmas day all the time.while going to the restroom, along the hallway i found this girl lying on the floor with throw up by her side. security was there with a wheelchair but people qwere passing by her. i felt humiliated for her. the next day you could still see traces of the throw up on the floor.when we stayed at the wynn we had no complaints. and when we've stayed at the bellagio it has always been very upscale. Mr. wynn is talking about buying the bellagio back. Please don't because you may be expanding too fast to keep up with what you already own.	
May 1 2009	Great Stay at Encore!!!	I stayed at Wynn's new Encore Hotel &amp; Casino from Sunday April 26th thru 29th and really enjoyed my stay at this new resort. The rooms are spacious and seperated as if you are in a 2 room suite. The bathrooms are spacious with a tv in the wall and a nice little night light feature so you're not banging into things during the middle of the night. They should have went the extra mile though and installed whirlpool tubs in the bathrooms (as Ceasers Palace has in their new towers) instead of just plain tubs...just my opinion though. I found the bed to be very comfortable, the electronic blinds/curtains feature to be a very big plus and the seperate tv area/work station very relaxing. The pool area is nice, but I can see it getting a little crammed during the prime summer months when everyone is laying out by the pools. I look forward to my next trip out to Vegas where I will have to see about another stay at this new resort.P.S. I didnt do all that well in the casino, but my brother hit for 1,000.00 on a dime video poker game, so that made it even a better stay!!!P.S.S. Just found out that the main headliner at this resort, Danny Gans just passed away...R.I.P. Mr. Gans	
Apr 30 2009 	Great for Vegas but $$	We just returned from a two night stay at the Encore and if you're heading to Vegas for gambling, fine dining and high end accommodations, then this is the place. However, if you are looking for any sort of relaxation by the pool (and i know many vegas visitors aren't) then think twice. I just wanted a couple of hours mid-afternoon to enjoy the nice weather, relax by the pool and read a magazine but with the loud, pounding club music and no shade to speak of, you're better off staying at the Four Seasons or getting a massage in the spa and calling it a day (btw, the spa was nice and in my book gets an 8). I was also shocked that at 2pm there was hardly a spare lounge chair to speak of. Equally surprising was the difficulty gettting reservations in the restaurants. This is a hotel which doesn;t seem to show any signs of a recession, which is not at all what we expected. In any case, we enjoyed our dinner at SW which is their signature steak house -- so much so that we ate their both nights -- but as with most Wynn/Encore restaurants they are high end...a drink in the bar beforehand -$40 with tip for 2 martinis! You will pay LA/NYC prices but you will get great service and food. Another thing to note is when we asked the concierge for reservations at SW we were told they were &quot;fully committed&quot; but when we said we really wanted to eat there, she mysteriously found a table for us both nights at prime time. Lesson is you just need to be nice and persistent with concierge, maybe checking back later. Everything about the Encore pricewise just seems to be a bit higher than other vegas high end hotels so if you dine and shop there just expect a bill at checkout that's probably higher than expected.	
Apr 29 2009 	OUTRAGEOUS MISC COSTS	While due to our economy and the 'slump' Las Vegas is in [confirmed by numerous cabbies] the room rates at the Encore are quite reasonable for what you get..the other expenses....are nothing less than outrageous:Cabana day rental : $300 - $400 [more than room costs!]Coffee shop..breakfast for two.....$62.00Sunscreen [Wynn's own brand!] : $32.00Goodies from mini bar are marked up at least 300%Soundproofing between the suites is indeed very poor! Housekeeping is excellent! Check in was excellent...pool service [when not renting a cabana] less than average.Liked the hotel...but they really need to consider reducing their misc. charges as well.	
Apr 29 2009 	Awesome	This property/resort is amazing. If you're looking for a nice place in the middle of the strip I would recommend this hotel. If you would like to go dancing for a night but don't know where to go - ask the Concierge. They directed us to a club on property called XS and provided us with free admission tickets. This is a nice club with access to an outdoor area that surrounds the pool and leads you out to a poolside bar. The atmosphere is great. We went on a Monday night and it was busy but fun! Drinks are a tad expensive but the experience is worth it, plus you don't have to cab back to your hotel.	
Apr 29 2009 	Finest Hotel on The Strip but be ready to pay.	THE ROOM: Visited the Encore 4 days in late April 2009. Was upgraded to a Panoramic View Suite on the 61st floor. Great room. 8 ft tall windows, electronic sheers / curtains and lighting. Big screen HD TV. Good size closet. Separate shower and tub. Dual sink vanity. 2nd TV in bathroom. Robes, scale, hair dryer and ample custom toiletries. Mini Bar. Internet was approximately $12 a day but incredibly fast. As I remember it was about 9 meg up AND down.FOOD: Dined at Wazuzu in the Encore. Very Asian. Very good but expensive. Also ate at Strata in the Wynn (neighboring sister hotel). NOT GOOD. This was my second attempt at Strata. This trip was late night dining. In November it was for dinner before the La Reve show. That experience was not good and both our waitress and the assistant manager thought it appropriate to debate with a guest. I'm sure this behavior is not taught or tolerated by Steve Wynn. Management should clean house at Strata and start over at this particular restaurant.Did The Buffet (Wynn) for lunch. It was all very good but given the price I felt the offerings were a bit on the meager side. Could be a reflection of the economy as The Buffet was not at all busy this trip. Tried the Sunday Brunch at The Buffet on my November 2008 trip and it was excellent. Also have had several very good meals at the Terrace Point Cafe (Wynn). It's the required hotel &quot;coffee shop&quot; but a very upscale one. We perused the other restaurants at both The Encore and Wynn. Most of the restaurants at both hotels are business casual attire or better in the evening. Room service was prompt and service there was good.CASINO: The casino at The Encore is a bit smaller than at The Wynn but very nice. Cocktail service in the gaming area was excellent.POOL: Didn't partake personally this trip but it looked excellent.ENTERTAINMENT: Took in the La Reve show last November. Hard to describe but it's a sort of Cirque Du Soleil type water show. It was excellent and I definitely recommend it.SPA: Had a massage in the spa. Fantastic. Excellent facility. Juice bar was a nice surprise. Expensive.BUSINESS CENTER: Went to the business center at The Encore to print a boarding pass. Told the staff what I wanted to do and they directed me to a computer they appeared to have set aside for this. No charge. Very nice touch. As an aside I was very glad I took care of this ahead of time as the airport ticketing area was a mess on my departure and even the self service kiosks were mobbed.MISC: I'm not sure why but it seemed like taxi cabs were a little hard to come by at The Encore during my stay. Everyone seemed to agree that this was the case but no one was sure why.CONCLUSION: Loved The Encore and overall it was a real treat. Will definitely stay there or at The Wynn again. Be ready to pay though because NOTHING at either of these hotels is inexpensive.	
Apr 28 2009 	Overall great effort from Wynn.	The descriptions you see from other reviews are all very correct - great decor, clean and new, friendly staff. Good comps are: Bellagio, Venezia Tower.Pros:-use of pools and restaurants at Wynn &amp; Encore-Stayed on 58th Floor, facing away from the pool - zero noise even though I had the first room from the elevators.-Friendly staff and nice attention for such a huge property with thousands of guests-Classy and not as noisy as a lot of other properties - went to Mirage to see a show and realized how lucky I am to stay at Encore-Check-in was quick, but I did see lines at times - I think it is a function of a large group arriving. The attention at the front desk is very good and they spend the time with you which really slows down the process for others.If you pressed me to find faults, here is what I would say:-Biggest complaint: sucky food at the pool and no pool side restaurant (tuna salad sandwich???). However, this is easily cured by going to Wynn, which has a wonderful pool side restaurant that serves awesome breakfast and lunch.-service around the pool was slow on one of the days and another guest complained. It was fixed the next day.-XS &amp; Tryst are great, but Monday night @ XS they weren't very selective - maybe locals night. Could have been better.-Not a lot of shade by the pool and no umbrellas	
Apr 27 2009 	"spring break"	My husband wanted to celebrate his 50th birthday in vegas for just the two of us...so i booked Encore since it is one of the newest hotel in vegas and i was curious...We stayed in Encore from 8april-12th. The hotel is just beautifully decorated and impressive. Checked in was excellent since we arrived almost 8pm which means not a long line and the guy that checked us in was very customer oriented even asked me what room do i prefer, strip view or mountain view. Going to the elevator has a security guard asking to show your key card, nice touch i thought. Our room was at the 18th floor and facing the pool and Xs club with very nice mountain view. It was very clean, no slipper but just a bathrobe but didn't really matter because the marble floor, i think, felt comfortable with our bare feet. The bathroom is big and more than enough for my husband and i using it at the same time. I read some complained about a cabinet space but our room has plenty of it both from the closet and from below the plasma tv. The bed is just so comfortable but had no aches or pain getting up in morning even from staying at the wee hours. Restaurant: we tried the wazuzu, i think thats the name, the food was okay nothing to brag about but expensive, busy and the waiter seemed to like to hurry you up in your decision and ordering. We also ate the at wynn, sw steakhouse, best porter steak and vegetable we had but again Expensive.Poo: Encore pool is nice but nothing extraordinary, and yes you have to reserve and pay for the cabana and the soft chair close to the pool area. don't know how much and didn't really care for it, the lounge chair served our purpose and the sun wasn't that hot for us. The water by the pool is complimentary and has a coctail waitress that comes around to take your order for drink or munchies. I ordered an asian chicken salad, mai tai and double shot of rum and coke for my husband and i, cost us close to $50! EXPENSIVE!!!!!!!!!Club: Xs club--very crowded and $20 to get in. Theres a coupon from the wynn buffet that you can pick up where the girls are free for only certain days but you have to get in before midnight. Unfortunately, the line was so long that you have to be in line before 10pm or ealier to get inside by midnight. Again, drinks inside the club are expensive. It was so crowded that everyone bumping and hitting each other that i saw couple episode of almost erupting into a fight, so we got out..The music seemed to go on forever and ever to our room till about 445am. Xs is openned friday -monday. Aside from the music from the Club, my husband and i heard few conversation next door and nothing in the hallway. I always put our don't disturb light on.The casino is small but not bad for me and my husband, we are not a gambler, just passing time. The hotel has free valet parking but i heard complained of being slow so my husband parked our rental car himself. we always found parking easily in first and second floor close to the entrance. The hotel is accessible to the Forum shop,wynn shops and palazzo hotel but a lot of walking.Overall, it was a nice hotel but it is gear toward adult pupulation, businesses and high profile customers. Another thing the hotel should have at least a welcoming basket of fruit or nuts complimentary for couple celebrating anniversary, bithdays or at least with 50th or above birthday or some other special occasion to ensure customer to keep coming back. I told the hotel reservation its for my husband 50th birthday and she told me theres nothing complimentary that the hotel do.'	
Apr 26 2009 	Beautiful Hotel and Pool	The hotel rooms are spacious. The pool cabanas are nice. Good shopping (high end) and good food (high end).	
Apr 23 2009 	Encore	We spent a long weekend at the Encore in Las Vegas - checking in on Friday and departing on Monday. We stayed in the tower rooms, non-strip facing. The rooms are very nice and large. We had a king bed and it was very comfortable. The bathroom has double sinks, tub and shower. The bathroom is large and nicely appointed.The room was quiet if you wanted to sleep, and as long as you set the privacy indicator, you are not disturbed. Check-in: one word of advice, it can be a long wait to check-in if you arrive from Noon to 4ish. If you can wait, it will be a lot faster after 3-4pm.Location: The Encore is attached to the Wynn, which has the larger casino; the Encore casino is small but nice. Across Las Vegas Blvd is Fashion Show Mall. It has lots of shopping options and several restaurants. Realize you are staying towards the Downtown end of the strip and it is a bit of a hike to center and south strip.I like all of the Wynn created properties and the Encore was no exception. Service was good, the food in the cafes and restaurants was excellent - although not low cost if you are looking for that. The walk between the Encore and Wynn is reasonable. It is a nice property overall!	
Apr 22 2009 	Nice but I would return only if I got a good rate	I just returned from a three night stay at the Encore. The rooms are spacious, clean, beautifully decorated and comfortable. The location on the strip isn’t bad, but just be prepared for LOTS and LOTS of walking. Comfortable shoes are a must. The staff was relatively friendly. A few complaints which didn’t surprise me based on some reviews: our room was not ready until about 4:30pm (we arrived at 3pm just in time for check-in). We had to ask at least 2-3 times before we could check in. There is really no place to sit and hang out – and who wants to drag their luggage all around? The walls are paper thin and even though we stayed on the 24th floor, the music each night (until 4am) from the club downstairs was LOUD with constant BASS. No need to go to the club, we could have had the club right in our room. I requested a one hour late checkout, and was told that wasn’t possible. After some negotiation, our request was finally granted – after all, we had to wait to check in, the least they could do was let us stay an hour longer! The hotel feels like a maze and it takes a good while to walk through the smokey casino and shops. One tip – the hotel “store” is pricey but there is a discount store in the Fashion Show Mall directly across the street. I suggest going there to stock up on water! I would stay at the Encore again, but only if we got a good rate, otherwise, I might check out another property.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Addition to the Strip	Stayed here on a promotion. Great hotel. Service very friendly. Ate at Sinatra. Good meal but the Italian wine was way overpriced. Room was fantastic with greeat view. Heated tiles in bathroom made it difficult to adjust all room temperatures. We didn't leave the room the first day until noon, and despite the maid seeing us leave, and turning on the sign for room cleaning, was not cleaned when we returned at 3:00 pm.	
Apr 21 2009 	$250 for a pool umbrella?! Are they kidding?	Total disappointment. It began with the woman checking us saying over and over “You are staying for 5 days?! Wow. That’s a long time!” Progressed to the room itself. Nicely appointed but unbelievably limited in drawers and closet space. A couple of tiny drawers for each guest? Half a closet? Oh look there’s a huge console in the bedroom! Whoops – just a nice oversized wrapping for the mini bar. The centerpiece of the room is a huge flat screen TV. Which is nice if you are there to watch TV but who goes to Vegas to watch TV?The walls are – as has been reported in other reviews – super thin. We were awakened around 1AM Saturday night by a group of young women in the room next door screaming and laughing. I called the front desk to complain. To illustrate how bad the noise actually was – I held the phone up in the air for the woman at the front desk to hear for herself. “That’s next door?!” she asked me. Yes ma’m, it sure is. They did respond with security at the door within a few minutes. But even security ringing the bell and the conversation he had with the guests next door was fully audible from our bed.But what made us check out 3 days early and move to the Bellagio is that when you go to the pool and ask for an umbrella the charge for it is $250! Which by the way was more than the price of our room. There had to be some mistake. Nope. Unless you are a “Tower Suite” guest with access to the VIP Tower Suite private pool – which provides umbrellas free of charge – expect a room charge of $250 for the umbrella.Desert sun? No shade? And $250 for an umbrella? Wow. We checked out and moved to the Bellagio where we were given an umbrella by the pool free of charge. But it does make me wonder if the Encore has no trouble skimping on basic amenities like umbrellas by the pool for guests who aren’t “high rollers” what other basic amenities – that we can’t see – are they skimping on as well? Ugh. I don’t even want to think about that one!	
Apr 21 2009 	sevice needs improvement room is ok but not as family-friendly as i hoped... way overrated	when we confirmed our reservation a week in advance, we requested two queen beds. after check-in we had to walk all the way around a lounge. would have been convenient to just walk from registration straight to the elevators...when we checked in they gave us a room with an awesome view of the strip, however there was no extra bed, the bathroom lights were burnt and the black sofa has not been cleaned because we could see a lot of dandruff and hair and crumbs... they accommodated us with another room closer to floor level with no view, but a just a bit cleaner as far as the black sofa goes... but our complementary robes and slippers were missing unlike the previous room. eventually a few calls were made and they provided us with a small roll away bed. for the night. our 2 year old went wild in the soaking tub and we had to use the towels to dry the floor. we requested housekeeping to give us more towels and clean up the wet mess... there were wet towels everywhere... we left the room for dinner and when we came back there was 2 tall stacks of towels, but the old towels were still in a wet pile.. housekeeper probably just stepped over the mess and dropped off the towels and left. we also had to request a little refrigerator just to make it easier for baby formula and leftover food/drinks... room didn't have tiny kitchen or jacuzzi, just a small soaking tub. all in all it was a so so experience not bad or good... oh yeah, WIFI (internet)was not free! local calls not free , no complimentary tooth brush/paste. the power outlets on the work desk doesn't work -bummer... last year we stayed at the MGM Signature and was totally blown away. it was just the opposite, ie free wifi, big jacuzzi with jets, little kitchen and frig...( that's probably why we have high expectations this time around...) bottom line= overrated, better value available else where, housekeeping needs to be more on top of things, resort suite probably not meant to be family friendly due to lack of little conveniences... the vibe of encore/wynn is a little family unfriendly (like checking in your stroller because they rather have you and children without stroller?)... good for young couples on the go not for young family with 2 young kids.	
Apr 20 2009 	The Numbers	A 5 star hotel staffed with 1 star employees. With the low room rates you get 3 star neighbors. Need I say more?	
Apr 20 2009 	Almost Perfect	Huge room at a great price. The hotel is brand new, so it is clean and beautiful. Classy (in a Vegas way) and not anywhere near as crowded as some of the other hotels. Pools (including the ones at the Wynn) are great. Service is friendly and the restaurants are good but VERY expensive.Having said that, I would recommend Botero for a splurge. Truly one of the best meals I have ever had.One the negative side... the XS nightclub blasts music poolside from 10-4 every night/early morning. Our room on the 18th floor was subjected to a steady thump-thump-thump. We tried to deal with it, but gave up after an hour.On the plus side - after calling the front desk, it took less than a half an hour before we were in a quiet room on the other side of the hotel. The service was that responsive. I don't mind spending extra money on food and sundries if I am treated like a valued customer. And at the Encore, that's precisely how I felt. Even the stickmen at the craps table were friendly.One other thing - the Wynn has the best, most comfortable sports book I have ever been in.	
Apr 20 2009 	Perfect	Just spent three days at Encore and it was a terrific experience. Such a huge difference in the new hotels vs. the old hotels. The wear and tear is just not there. We stayed in the basic room and it was over 700 sq feet and very nice. Once of the best hotel beds, soft, but not too soft. The staff was very attentive and helpful. Both check out an check in were made easy by a helpful staff. The casino is on the small side but Wynn is a five minute walk. The path between Wynn and Encore is much more doeable than the maze between Palazzo and the Veneitian. The spa is amazing. For my next trip back, I will stay here again and that is not normal since I like to experience the different hotels.	
