	I loved staying here very much.	I loved the Art, sculptures, my bed/room, the restaurant, the pool, the service, the vive, the peace. I loved the sexy, romantic feeling to this place. The spa was not open when I stayed here but it would have really been too perfect if it was. I stayed in this Hotel for 2 months and really loved it and felt really comfortable satying here. Is more of an adult place because of all the sensual paintings all over the hotel and the sculptures. The vive, look and feel of this place screams passion and romance to me. The no casino in this place is great for quiet, healthy peace and relaxation too.	
	Thankful restaurant was closed	Artisan website gives a false impression of the actual property. We stayed at the hotel to attend our son's Wedding. Maria, the Wedding planner, and her staff were organized and handled all the details. The Hotel was a disaster. Maintenace is the problem. Our party had four rooms. Problems we encountered were room door became unhinged and bathroom door would not close. Light bulbs were missing and the ones working were 40 watt making rooms dark and dreary. Shower water would not turn off, and water closet would not stop running. Called front desk to ask about maintence issues. No maintence on duty. Hotel is located near an expressway so be prepared to hear cars and trucks loudly accelerating all night long. Drywall was dropping from hallway ceilings and several room doors had &quot;red&quot; stop orders from Las Vegas Inspectors stating that room could not be occupied. We learned upon arrival that the restaurant where we were to use a Private Dining Room had been closed for over two months. This had not been communicated with my son or daughter-in-law prior to their arrival. It was probably BEST. We booked the evening before and the dinner after the Wedding at two wonderful restaurants on the strip. Both made the Wedding. We tolerated the Artisan. Staff tries, but receives NO backup from Management or Ownership. It's like they are bleeding the hotel for revenue and not putting any investment back. It does have an interesting bar. Rating for the Wedding Chapel, strip restaurants = A+ Artisan= D- Our suggestion is: Stay on the strip, save cab fares, enjoy a well lit room where maintence is performed.	
Nov 9 2009 	The blind leading the blind	I should have known when I checked in and saw a friend at the front desk who needed a new room because there was a hole punched through her wall, an AC Unit on a luggage cart and a collapsed bed that my experience would me similar to hers. After giving up my room to a friend with the stomach flu after they had been told by the staff that they needed to &quot;get the [--] out of the room&quot; I checked out and stayed with another friend.My real issue with the artisan is that they not only held up $576 in a pending debit (not sure where they got that number) for 4 days they also charged me $386 FOR ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. They finally found the error and claimed to have corrected it. Here we are 3 days later and they still have yet to issue a credit. I have overdrawn on my account and have had to cancel my debit card because of their error.Sometimes what happens in Vegas doesnt just stay in Vegas.Other complaints include improper bedding, ridiculous room service fees, old rickety elevator, faulty and dangerous electricity, cold pool, broken phone, waited 10 minutes for someone to come to front desk, bad wi-fi, oh and they accused me of smoking in my room to try to charge me $250 which they later corrected and said it was another guest.I work in the hospitality industry. I understand some hotels are low budget but these people are just rotten people who have no business being in business.	
Oct 26 2009 	SAVE YOUR TRIP NEVER NEVER NEVER STAY ............. DIRTY AND GROSS	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three nights hopeing it would get better(NOT!) We were staying at the Stratosphere and thought it would be nice to have some down time with out the gaming and a nice quite day at the pool with lunch and drinks (it was our 15th) When checking in all went well. Got to our room thought this was going to be perfect...opened the fridge old food and it smelled so bad. Asked for it to be cleaned it was 6:30pm (we cked in early at 12) and it was still there. Talked to them personally said it wouod be cleaned. Ok so the next day we wanted to relax by the pool it was nice but the dishes were still there from the day b4 and they did not tell us that the restarant was close for the day (construction? we did not see any workers or work) ordered in food form a local resterant. We cleaned up after ourselves figuring that they would not. Went to our room not cleaned...Went to town got back still not clean had to ask to have cleaned 7pm. Next day (we still stayed idk Y) we left in the morning to go to the Grand Canyon 5hr drive there and another 5 back. got to our room at about 12am OUR ROOM WAS NOT CLEANED AGAIN....Our key did not work. We were not the only ones there that had problems it was talked about almost everytime we got in the elevator. I would never tell anyone about this place to stay. The worst ever. The only thing that worked was the parking and we did not even need it. We could have parked our own car and walked 50 feet to the door. I am still waiting to talk to someone about our stay and room charge. The door in the room said that they charge up to $300 a night I would not pay $10. I did call the health department and BBB. These are just a few of my issues with this hotel save your trip don't Stay!	
Oct 25 2009 	Stay Far Away - Bogus Charges 	The long and short of it is the place is a dump and the staff is rude.The place was dirty from the beds to the pool. They give shoddy towels which were a mixture of newish (but stained) to actually torn.The staff only pick's up things on the floor, they don't actually clean the rooms with chemicals we actually watched them do it to a few rooms. Disinfectant anybody? Not there.They are now also a full on RAP nightclub friday &amp; saturday nights, and the staff will yell at you if you complain because you can sleep because you can hear the music full on in your room.They also charge you for parking, but wait until the end.. nice change.	
Oct 21 2009 	the worse experience with our wedding	We stayed at the Artisan Hotel for our Wedding, I had the worse experience the hotel front desk manager is a complete b----, rude, and is not about keeping her word. The room service is awful cold food that is suppose to be hot. And if you not happy to bad they dont care they dont believe in refunds. there are alot of hidden charges our bill was $500.00 more that they told us. If I were you and wanted to have a nice time do not go here. Its too bad because its a beautiful hotel however they have no idea what they are doing, no customer service at all, you would be better off at a hotel 6. The swimming pool is ice cold. and be careful there is only valet and they charge you plus they want a tip everytime you leave. This was our wedding and the wedding which is run by someone else was great! THE HOTEL SUCKS!!!!!!!!!! IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A BAD EXPERERIENCE GO HERE. I PROMISE YOU WILL. GOOD LUCK	
Oct 19 2009 	What a great place to hangout	This hotel might be one of the coolest places I have been to without a being a muesum. There are pictures everywhere including the ceilings. As soon as you walk in you just stop and look everywhere including up to take everything in before you can move any farther. The front desk staff was very informative of the property in what it had to offer. I loved that the property was gamble free. No large casino to walk through and no slots in the bar tops. My room was clean and the beds you didn't want to get out of in the morning they were so comfortable. The Lounge had the best DJ's playing on the weekends. No line to get in and you didn't have to pay. Unheard of in this town. I will come back to stay here again without a doubt.	
Oct 13 2009	Keep all your receipts!	NEVER stay at this hotel. Though it is cute and spooky, offers very comfortable beds, has great bar with awesome music, it is also likes to charge your credit card for the things that you never authorized. Keep ALL your receipts. This way you would be able to prove that you were supposed to be charged $15 for your drink, not $45, or you used valet parking only 3 times, not 5. We stayed twice at Artisan and both times had a problem with extra charges. Check your credit card statement even after 6 months – periodically we were surprised to see small amounts ($10-15) charged by the hotel and $270 charge for 3 nights stay when we were not even near Las Vegas.	
Oct 12 2009 	Don't ever stay here!	I checked in and went up to my room with my family and after we settled in my daughter noticed a used condom, mind you she is only five and knows not to touch any thing that doesn't belong to her, thank god! So as fast as I checked in, my family and I checked out! I was there for a wedding at the hotel and the rest of the family was staying as well. My extended family had all these terrible experiences. I truly was floored by the &quot;swinger community&quot; that chooses this place! Again I strongly recommend that no one else ever stays here! It truly is in a very bad area! The dope that is dealt in and around this place, the prostitution and the overall enviroment is not safe and is a death trap! Please keep your family and friends safe by not staying here or wasting your money here!	
Sep 7 2009 	Don't stay here!!	We stayed at this &quot;hotel&quot; for our best friend's wedding. After changing rooms twice (the first time because the shower had no KNOB to turn it on), we finally ended up with a room that had so much dust on the ceiling fan, that it looked like fur. Everything was broken, duct-taped and filthy. The service was hostile and non-existent. For example, when a member of our party (who was the bride, getting married in the hotel) called room service on the morning of her wedding, they asked her to come downstairs and get her own food. When she said she couldn't, the person on the phone asked &quot;Why not?&quot;. There is no continental breakfast, so you have to pay $4 for a cup ofcoffee, and you can't go outside to get anything, because it is located in a barren wasteland, on the opposite side of the highway from the strip. It is surrounded by construction, and there's a LOUD bar/nightclub on the first floor that you can clearly hear all the way to the 5th floor.It has all the charm of the Bates Motel and the element of danger one would associate with a trip to a third world country.	
Jul 24 2009 	Did not even checked in..Manager and personnel were terrible	I had a paid reservation and upon arriving at the hotel I was asked a Credit card to check in..unfortunately I had forgotten it home and despite me offering to put down a cash deposit she refused to check me in. I left and got another room at a hotel on the strip.	
Jul 24 2009 	Vow Renewal at The Artisan - May 11 2009	This may be a bit long winded, but maybe future brides marrying here will appreciate. Okay - so i've read almost all reviews for this hotel before I booked our wedding (renewal) here. I did so with some apprehension, after reading about peoples' experiences at this hotel. I discussed this with the Artisan chapel wedding coordinator, Maria. As they are not part of hotel management, but of Masterpiece Weddings, it put my mind at ease a bit. Maria was very pleasant, friendly, and eager to assist me and answer all my questions. After more research on them, the area, and input from past brides at the Artisan, I felt comfortable enough to give them a deposit. FYI: if you're getting married here - the best way to reach Maria is by phone. She takes a LONG time to return emails. So first the GOOD: Day of ceremony we walk in to see the hotel decor is awesome, and releived to see it's not the dark spooky cave that others have mentioned. It perfectly fit our 1940's theme. We met our officiant, David Poire, who is actually the owner of the hotel. I have to say he did an absolutely fantastic job performing the ceremony. It didn't feel rushed through at all, and was very heartfelt. The chapel is much more charming and just as lovely as the online pics. Truly one of the most beautiful Vegas chapels i've seen. The package prices can't be beat for what you get; almost too good to be true. Note this chapel is in a non-gaming hotel, which allows it to be recognized and registered as an actual church - a plus for us. Upon arrival, Maria greeted me with a hello and the standard &quot;you look beautiful&quot; to the bride. I had a lovely dozen rose bouquet in the exact colors I wanted waiting for me in the bride's room. Kudos to their florist. Now the BAD: Not that these were really &quot;bad&quot;, but no bride needs to be stressed out more than she already is on the big day. Maria asks me 5 minutes after we get there if I have a copy of our reading I had given her weeks prior, as our officiant misplaced it. {yikes!} Of course I didn't bring a &quot;spare&quot; - but somehow it turns up; crisis averted. Then my sister comes in the dressing room and tells me Maria will not allow the freeze-dried rose petals on the altar/ steps - the same ones I sent to her to make sure they would be okay to use. {aargh} After spending over $150 on them, I said &quot;oh YES she is!!&quot; LOL Turns out she thought they were fresh petals - which if she was on top of things, she would have noted they were freeze dried, and would've not forgotten about that little detail. It was straightened out with the help of my son - crisis #2 averted. Next we're told we need to &quot;pick a guest &quot; that we'd like to record the ceremony. A DVD was included in our package, but never any mention that one of our guests would need to &quot;work&quot; the wedding. Kind of strange, but luckily our friend didn't mind, and he did a great job. Also, just before the ceremony, Maria tells the photographer - right in front of our guests - &quot;Make SURE you get their gratuity!&quot; Bad form in my opinion. If you need to make the photog aware, that's fine, but tacky and a bit rude in front of family and friends.Lastly, my sisters were having a post-ceremony drink at the bar, when Maria walked in and said, &quot;Now whose cleaning up those petals?!?&quot; My sisters, just getting their drinks, looked blankly at each other. My son offered to do the job, otherwise a $20 fee to sweep up petals. Now none of these issues were enough to ruin the day, rather just stressy things that just should not have happened. I didn't even know about a few of these issues until days after the ceremony, as nobody wanted to tell me the day of. Overall - for convenience, style, service, the gorgeous chapel, and the recession-friendly package prices, I give a grade of a solid B. Would I recommend it? Yes I would.	
Jul 11 2009 	HATED THIS PLACE!!!! SKETCHY ALL AROUND!	I had a very important business meeting planned for Friday at noon with my creative staff (approx 7) so I reserved a room in their &quot;MASTERPIECE SUITE&quot; the night before. Upon arrival late the evening of my check-in my reservation could not be found in their system and for some mysterious reason I couldn't check into the masterpiece suite so they put me in a standard room for my the night and assured we'd straighten out after their 8am staff meeting the next day.After a long am Artisan Hotel staff meeting that I had to wait for, I had to call down TWICE and with no response just that they were still in a meeting so around 10am I went down to inquire about moving rooms in time for my own noon staff meeting only to find out that the &quot;MASTERPIECE SUITE&quot; was taken during the night at about 3am (apparently AFTER I was denied the so-called empty suite) and that there was some screw up in their system!Needless to say, I have a charge on my card (not for the less expensive room that I stayed in but for the &quot;MASTERPIECE SUITE&quot;) that I am waiting to have removed and I immediately checked out and had to relocate my meeting at the last minute. And to top it off all they could offer me was to rent their &quot;MEETING ROOM&quot; for $150 as opposed to their usual $200 fee.DON'T STAY HERE IT WAS A HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE AND THE BED I SLEPT IN (IN THEIR STANDARD KING ROOM WAS BROKEN AND ON A DOWNWARD SLANT!!	
Jun 22 2009 	Hotel is ok!	We stayed there for 1 night only, but hotel is really ok. It IS kind of dark, spooky place, but in a beautiful, artistic way. Pool is small but nice, great for leisure. Rooms are also dark, but clean and nice. Bathroom is too dark. Great beds! Only problem is it's a bit far from the Strip if you don't have a car and the staff recommends that you take a taxi coming home late at night (20$ from Mandalay bay to Artisan, tip included). The hotel is very hard too reach by public transportation. Other than that, no problem at all.	
Jun 18 2009 	Hostel / Creapy Crack House	My Husband and I attempted to stay here but we soon found out that this was not the best place to go unless you are looking for a &quot;companion&quot; at night or a crack house. First off we had a bad experience when we pulled off the freeway the location is a little sketchy, then when we checked in the recpetionist was bazar and mumbled things about people having sex all night and walking around naked. When we went into the room it was already occupied by two people who were snorting cocaine, I felt I was in a bad dream. We left and stayed at a different Hotel that felt safe at. To top it off after this horrible experience the receptionist stole my credit card number and yes I know it was him beacuse the genious paid his cell phone bill... and spent $3900. Learn from my poor mistake don't stay here.	
Apr 23 2009 	Love the theme had an amazing time!!	Im a local and me and my boyfriend wanted to find a hotel to get away for a night we were looking online and found the artisan we LOVED the photos and the decor of the hotel and booked the all inclusive package! I LOVED my stay the rooms are very unique NOT creepy! I LOVED the lounge/ bar the resturaunt was wonderful as well. If you do decide to stay here and plan on drinking and eating I would highly suggest to get the all inclusive package it included breakfast lunch and dinner as well as and open bar so we got well more then our moneys worth!! I would totally stay @ this hotel again I loved everything about it the only complaints i have is the servise was not the best as far as the resturaunt because it was a Monday night and very slow other then that it was amazing and I dont understand why people are complaining about the valet we loved it we always park valet anyways! I would recommend you try this hotel out	
Oct 20 2008 	We Got Married Here!	We couldn't have found a better place to have our wedding! The hotel itself is amazing. We found the Artisan online through lasvegasmasterpieceweddings.com The packages are priced right. From the DVD to the pictures, everything worked out great! I'm glad we had a site like trip advisor to guide us in the right direction. We originally selected another place to have our wedding. Glad we read some reviews and went with the Artisan instead! Thanks!	
Oct 19 2008 	Warning!! Credit Card Fraud	WARNING!! I stayed at the Artisan in Las Vegas in May 2008 during a submission grappling tournament. I booked tthrough Travel Worm getting a reasonable price at $51.00 per night for two nights (a Fri and Sat). On 21 Sept 08 my credit card was charged $433.81 by the Artisan. I called the Artisan to clear this matter up the manager stated to me that Travel Worm went bankrupt and they charged my card so they could get their money. I immediately called Travel Worm's corporate main office in Las Vegas and they told me that they (Travel Worm) are not in bankruptcy nor are they going bankrupt. Evidently I was not the first to call Travel Worm with this problem. Travel Worm took my info and asked me to email all the info to them and they would take care of it. I since tried calling the Artisan and can only get the managers voice mail. To add...Atisan also makes you pay a refundable deposit (as most hotels in Las Vegas do) but never refunded it back to me...	
Sep 28 2008 	Loved this corky hotel	My fiance and I decided to go to Vegas at 3pm on a Friday. I looked online for a last minute deal and found this hotel, which was only $200 for 3 nights. The pictures on the web looked quite nice and the hotel offered a pool, which I always love to have. Off we went and arrived late Friday night. The staff is super friendly from the valet to the front desk (Note: there is only Valet Parking). The room was same as pictured. Regular size room and the bathroom was quite small, but functional.The lobby walls and ceiling display hundreds of painting reproductions, the atmosphere is quite dark and artsy (though not spooky) and you could quite feel as if you were on a set of a vampire movie. It was quite interesting to say the least but in a very good way. The hotel has a bar, which is quite &quot;happening on Friday and Saturday nights as we experienced ourselves. A very cosmopolitan crowd comes in and out... The swimming pool area is lovely with wonderful day beds, where we were able to lounge for an afternoon. They also offer a small chapel, for those who take the plunge. The hotel is located off the strip but it only takes 3 minutes to be near the biggest casinos.This place was a very nice surprise and we might be back!	
Sep 26 2008	Unique eye candy off the strip	Myself and about 40 other people stayed at this hotel for a friends wedding. She and her husband had the wedding in The Artisan indoor wedding chaple (very small, beautiful) the dinner/reception was in the dining area of the hotel. Very fancy and fun. The DJ and photographer were great and the food was good as well.This hotel is well off the strip and most cab drivers had a tough time driving straight to it. The pool area had some topless ladies sitting at it. We had to ask the bell hop to handle the situation as we had several young people staying who wanted to use the pool but did not need an education. They have one restaurant, one bar/lounge and we were unable to find any vending machines on sight. The mini fridge in the rooms has a zip tie. Unless you plan on spening $4.00 for bottle water do not open the door. Bring some things to your room to drink and snack on. We had great luck with the service and enjoyed our unique stay. Check out the web sight it has nice photos but you must see in person to appreciate the unique art and decor.Over all it was a nice experience however we have since stayed on or much closer to the strip.	
Sep 21 2008 	They screw you. Don't stay here!	Booked on hotwire, so I didn't know what I was getting into. I expected the typical casino-hotel. Nope. Artisan has all these additional charges that are not in the listed price and you can't find out until after you booked it. They charge for parking! My wife called the place, &quot;spooky&quot;. Worst hotel I've stayed at in years. The A/C (this being Las Vegas) must have some kind of internal timer. I woke up every hour and a half to turn it back on. Tried all the settings, none fixed the problem. Couldn't find the light switch for the entry way. I ended up unscrewing the lightbulb to turn it off. The TV has a glaring LED that stays on all the time. Stay someplace else.	
Sep 19 2008	RIPPED OFF	We stayed at the Artisan in March, 2008. The other hotels were booked. The Artisan sounded interesting so we booked our reservations for two nights through TravelWorm.com. The outside of the hotel was like an old Howard Johnson with a face lift. The inside of the hotel was dark and creepy. The room was just ok. They only had valet parking, so besides paying a parking charge, everytime you went out or came back, you had to tip the parking attendant; and, you had to drive because it is not near the Vegas strip and it is not in a nice area. Most businesses near the hotel were strip clubs.To top this off, five months later (August 2008), without our knowledge or authorization, they charged our account $433.00.AFTER they charged our account and the damage was done, they sent us a letter telling us that they charged our account because TravelWorm did not pay their bill! We paid TravelWorm. Their dispute should be with TravelWorm. We are disputing the charges, but it is very aggravating.I WOULD NOT RECOMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE!	
Aug 31 2008 	Like a dream.. more like a Nightmare!	My fiance and myself planned a trip to Vegas to get married. Originaly we planned on staying in one hotel on the strip but changed our minds upon seeing some amazing photographs of the Artisan hotel. I was truly excited and justified my decision however I could despite everyone saying it's too small, it's off the strip, it's too expensive. Looking back I wish I had listened.Here are my complaints:1.The hotel's system of thermostats for air conditioning are constantly and consistantly being reset or turned off. The hotel must be taking an extreme measure to save energy with no regard to their customers. Upon setting the thermostat to your desired temperature you will wait patiently for the room to cool and then realize it suddenly seems to be getting warmer. You'll also have to wake up every two hours to reset it at night. If you dare return to your room during the day it'll be a good hour and half before you can get it back down to a comfortable level.2. Nothing looked very large or spacious in the photos that I saw on the internet but this is ridiculous. I spent more time admiring the hotel from my laptop than I did while actualy in it. When I saw the pool area I laughed.. they did some good photoshop editing because the pool is seriously small for even being in a middleclass persons back yard.3. Despite my asking we still recieved key cards with the wrong code.. bad first impression.4. Room was much too small for the price.5. Bathroom was too small.6. Shower heads suck.7. Room service is not open 24 hours, I had to wait an hour until 7:30 just to order my coffee, yoghurt and cereal. Upon 7:30 I discovered the &quot;chef&quot; was late. I asked why I needed a &quot;chef&quot; to get coffee and I wasn't given an answer. At 8:30 the chef finally arrives but it takes me another 20 minutes to get someone in the kitchen to answer my call. My wife finally got him to answer but found out that they only offer bagels and fruit. He gave her some serious attitude saying &quot;just pick one, which one do you want&quot;.I took the phone and proceeded to say what kind of room service doesn't start till 7:30 and then requires a &quot;chef&quot; to order coffee and to top it off doesn't offer the simple items we wanted which could be found at any airport food stand. He said &quot;listen DUDE, don't tell me your complaints, that's the hotels deal not mine so take your complaints to a manager because I can't do anything about it!&quot; I replied that he could at least show up on time and that I would love to speak to a manager. Which brings me to my next complaint.8. No manager on duty at 8:45 am!! I had to leave my complaint with the front desk clerk who never got back to me to let me know my complaint had been passed on and taken care off.9. My wife and I do not drink soda but none the less the cokes in our fridge were dissapearing one per day. When I chekced out of the hotel I was in a hurry but I did give the front desk my complaint and she assured me I would not be charged. I don't know why I believed her based off the track record this hotel was developing. I did recieve a statement of charges from the hotel for all the stolen drinks.10. My final complaint is that the spa which was one of the main things that attracted us to this hotel was closed under construction. There was no warning of this before booking the hotel nore was there any consolation for this shortcoming or any of the complaints. I don't recommend this hotel to anyone for any price. I suspect no couple would be able to make it through their experience with this hotel and come out fully content.	
Aug 28 2008 	Do Not go here. Terrible customer service. Hidden charges.	Booked through hotels.comThere was no mentioning of additional charges when I booked.After checking my credit card statement, I saw a $34 additional charge from them.When I called, they said that I booked for 2 days, and that there was nothing they could do, and to call hotels.comI called hotels.com, they confirmed the reservation was only for one day. And, even though they were also unable to do anything, I convinced the operator to call the hotel.I called the hotel again, and their story changed.Now, I was being charged $15/day for 2 days for the parking and resort fees. (these are fees I was not aware of when I booked).And they charged me $4 for a soda that they say I drank out of the mini bar.I told them I never touched the mini bar, but I let it go.In my opinion, they should have offered to take that can of soda off because, I never took it, and because I was dealing with an issue that they created by overcharging me.I told them that the $15 fees for the second day were erroneous, so they told me that I would receive a $15 credit in my credit card.There was no apology, and they didn't wish a nice day, like they should.They made me feel like a total nuisance when they were the ones that made the mistake. The Hotel ambiance is not bad though. I did like the paintings plastered all over the place.The hotel was very, very dark though, and so where the rooms.The hotel was not very easy to get to. It seems like it is right off of I-15, but there is a mess of streets to get to it.Getting out of the hotel you had to do some illegal U turns.Plus, you are in a very dark side of town, with all the topless clubs around. Not a very safe area.They only have valet parking.. hence the additional charges for the room.There was no ice machine, so I had to wait for housekeeping to bring me ice.And checking in was a very long process.They are obviously understaffed, so the person checking me in (only one at the desk at 7pm!) had to answer 3 calls for reservations before I was checked in.Overall.. horrible experience.	
Aug 28 2008 	This is a rough review to give	First of all, hotels.com has the best rates for the Artisan Hotel.This is a hard review for me to give because I love the hotel so much. The bar, the restaurant, the lobby, the rooms *check out channel 69 on the TV*, the pool, and the chapel are all unique and beautiful. Very well decorated and stylish. The thing that I dont like about the hotel is the staff and the way they treat their guests.i have stayed in this hotel MANY times over the years. I have booked my friends, my co-workers, my Valentines Day, and my Birthday here. I've stayed in the smallest room to the penthouse suite...Needless to say I keep coming back just ignoring the rude staff. I was also totally ripped off here once which is the main reason why I have such a bad taste in my mouth regarding the staff. I booked the penthouse one night (almost a thousand dollar a night room) and the hotel would not allow me to have any guests up in the room. I was so upset. Why would anyone spend that much money on a room and stay in it alone? I did not even enjoy the stay and it was a TOTAL waste of money. I have stayed in the hotel since but only if I am paying less than $100 a night for a room. Be careful, be alert, and DO NOT let them take advantage of you.	
Aug 20 2008 	Scamed me for $$	My wife and I stayed at this place for two nights in February 2008. I haven't been to Nevada since that week. Today, after about 6 months, I look up my balance and see some $400 + withdrawel by Artisan Hotel from my checking!!!!So I call them up and they tell me that the travel agency that I booked the hotel through went bankrupt and that the agency did not pay them our fee. And since their true rate is higher than the travel agency's rate, that they charged us for $400+. So I call up the agency through which we booked Artisan and asked them if they went bankrupt. The answer: NO they are NOT bankrupt! I'm in the process of getting my money backI remember reading something like this happening to someone else here at tripadvisor.I don't understand why this Hotel would do such a thing... credibility is the basic foundation of any business.DO NOT GO THERE	
Aug 12 2008	Bad Service Overall	Firstly, the Front Desk experience was the worst nightmare I ever had. I was treated so badly. The so called manager at the Night Shift was least bothered to listen to your problem at the first point. No proper room service. I had to go personally to the Front Desk to collect the towels. The ambiance is good for what we pay. I would rather pay few more dollars extra from now on and stay in a better place. Not that I paid less for this.	
Jul 30 2008 	Bordello ambiance squeezed into industrial zone	Finding the entrance is tricky - valet parking [only] is a nuisance to me, but maybe they're conveying high-end service. Lobby is super-dark, with pretty good repros of paintings splattered all over the walls and ceilings. Framed elevator door is an amusing continuation of the theme. I selected this room based on free wireless, it's part of Clarion, and price. The rooms are a bit shabby, however. No electrical outlet near the desk - so laptop goes...... on the lap. Shower doesnt shut off completely, so running water all night (hello! you're in a desert!). Rooms are also super-dark; fine at night, but disconcerting at 3 PM of a blazing summer afternoon. Complimentary wine offered at 530 - at 6 I ask where it is, they show up grudgingly with only red wine, tiny glasses, and super-tiny pour. No ice machine on the floor (the map on back of the door says it should be right across from my room!), but they'll send it up. Valet parking more than offsets my free wireless (you dont have to tip the wireless provider). Front desk gamely helpful and chipper, but understaffed. Leaving the property is tricky - uturns required (probably illegal). When my client asked where I was staying, I just told them I was at the Vagabond Inn to save some money. I hope they don't check my receipts to find out where I really stayed!In all fairness, the bed was super-comfortable. Bedding appeared new. Even in party-time vegas, the rooms were fairly quiet. If you're on a budget and are game for some well-intentioned kitsch and some inconveniences in the room, this would be ok. If you want more predictable or convenient, try somewhere else.	
Jul 21 2008 	What a neat place!	Just returned 2 days ago. Had 2 rooms...1 w/two beds and 1 king. Do not let the outside fool you...when you enter this place its another world. VERY sensuous. Be aware though this might not be the place for kids or anyone who is prudish. There are many still paintings of nude women. All that we saw were all paintings, not photos, nothing in my opinion that was out of line in any way. These are paintings in the Monet, Renior style. You will see MUCH worse on billboards throughout the city. We loved it.BUT here is the big red flag for you and children....channel 69 is a complimentary explicit XXX channel (as it was explained to us). It is not pay for view and is 24/7....But that's the only thing we would caution anyone on.Here's the lowdown on our stay...Front Desk was excellent. we had 3 resonable requests and all were handled quickly and without any issues - including room locations (we had 2 rooms).Ice is ordered via room service and is complimentary (I gave a small tip). We asked for ice at check in and it was there before we opened the door. Give yourself about 30 minutes for a taxi to get you to the strip. It was a 7 dollar ride in about 5 minutes for us. You may get a cab faster if you are less than 5 people in your party.. that was our hold up. Parking is 11.50...valet only...no big deal and excellent service. Resort Fee was 3.50 or so per room. If you drink wine, this is made up by the free wine tasting from 5:30 to 6:30...great converstion and nice pours.....just a tip to the Sommelier...if you choose. Certainly not a requirement.....as a matter of fact, I didn;t feel compelled to tip anyone like at some other places, I did so because the service was very good.Well brand mixed drinks are 6.00 but happy hour is 2/1...so make sure you hit that up. Solid drinks too. Bar area is amazing! Really an oasis. We did not eat at the hotel, but the menu was reasonable, the dining room was beautiful. I think the most expensive item was about 35.00. I did order breakfast room service. It was great. Basic eggs and sausage. Came with hash browns, fruit and toast. Butter, preserves included. Hot, quick and tasty. The pool area was really neat too. The photos are accurate. Its like a Spanish Villa pool area. 4 1/2 foot deep, so its more of a chilling area...My bed was comfortable, overlooked the Trump building and some other spots of the Strip. I was on the 4th floor - The Claude Monet Room. Kids were in a double across the hall. The reported zero outside noise. We had zero outside noise as well. Doors are solid thick. They weigh a ton! The bathroom was small and functionable, nothing special. Room had a table and a really comfortable easy chair. Lots of pillows, an ironing board, for pay mini bar and safe and a couple robes to use when going to the pool. Free, no hassle wireless internet.As with almost any hotel, if i looked i could see where this needed to be touched up, that needed to be cleaned...but overall everything we saw was great! This place is located right near the Palace. HUGE gift store on the corner that has a liqour store attached. Could walk there if you need a bottle. Cab to Fremont or the Strip. You are 2 miles from the Bellagio. Be aware that traffic in Vegas is always an issue on the strip, so just relax and give your self time.....This place to us is perfect. It is very romantic...not if you want the large room with sunken tub and million buck views, but a night away, we loved it.Check around for rate deals...my only caveat is that I would not pay rack rate for this hotel....125 would be max....	
May 11 2008 	Not so Great	Stayed here on our last night of vacation before heading back to the air port. Our room was really nice, the bed was soft, the decor was plesant and the pool was perfect. The interstate noise was not. We had an early flight out of Vegas and with the traffic noice in our room, we could have saved some money and slept under the off ramp of the I-15. The noise was audible even using ear plugs and having the fan running all night. The hotel is really nice, and the staff was helpful, the wine tasting fun, but with the noise, we would never stay there again.	
Apr 24 2008	Ripped Off	The hotel firstly had not got the room we booked through expedia, 2 adult males had to share a doulble bed, even though we had specially requested two beds a week before. Secondly and the most disturbing, the hotel , charged me for a car parking fee, and a &quot;resort charge?&quot; totaling $33.50. grrrrrrrrr we never even had a car. this was charged to my credit card after we had returned to the uk. grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr when leaving the hotel i specially asked if ther was any thing extra to pay, i was answered &quot;NO SIR&quot; I have passed this imformation on to my credit card fraud dept. DO NOT STAY THERE THEY WILL RIP YOU OFF	
Mar 17 2008 	Dirty	This place was dirty, dirty, dirty, the shower was broken, there was spilled wine all over my room when I first checked in, and to top it all off they won't return my deposit of 150.00, I can't get any member of mgt. to contact me and it's been over a week!!! this place was a good deal that's why I booked it but I questioned the cleaning or lack there of when I stepped into the room!	
Mar 12 2008 	Eclectic	Absolutely eclectic little hotel. Very over the top decor. Prices excellent, rooms clean and beautifully appointed, staff cordial and helpful. Each room is dedicated to a different artist. Nothing else like it and a great change from the casino hotels.	
Dec 20 2007	The Artisan Hotel	The Artisan Hotel is a smaller and quaint, intimate experience that can't be missed if you are not into 100 % gambling, and you want some quality time with your sweet one. Wonderful atmosphere, romantic, mysterious, low lighting with candles everywhere. Just what a romantic get away should be !!!Go to their website- for great pictures... just how it looks in person.	
Dec 6 2007 	Horrible Terrible Don't bother	I stayed at this hotel for the Vegas Marathon thinking that staying in a smaller, non-casino hotel would be better. I WAS SO WRONG.If you read the other reviews, you can get a flavor of this hotel. It is essentially an old Howard Johnson type motel that got a superficial facelift. The art and the ambiance are nice (the best part), but the bottom line is that this not a nice luxurious place to stay.We stayed at the hotel for one night and left. The beds were so crappy that I hurt my neck. The noise from the freeway was irritating and always present. We then moved to a strip hotel for the final night. It seemed like heaven after one night at the Artisan. The beds, noise and bathrroms were sub-par if not downright unpleasant.If you are a tourist who wants to have a good time in Vegas and plans to take in standard Vegas fare (shows, and anything on the Strip), this is not the hotel for you. Maybe this would work if you were in town for business and wanted a close freeway location. However, if you stay at this hotel, request a room that faces away from the freeway. And, if you do stay and plan to use cabs, be prepared that no one (not even the cabbies or the guys who work at the airport have ever heard of this place)Also, don't pay full price. I did and I regret it. Their standard weekend rate is $175. With all the add-ons( that are not dislcosed up front), it is $200. This is ridiculously overpriced when you consider the other options in Vegas.	
Dec 4 2007	Not a good experience at the Artisan	My good friend and I stayed at the Artisan Hotel for one Saturday night in Vegas. We were not happy with our experience for several reasons. First, this hotel does advertise itself as being a boutique, non-gaming hotel which was appealing to us as we don't gamble. However, it is located such that it is not possible to walk to the Strip (or to have a very long,unpleasant walk) and we did want to go the Strip for restaurants, shopping, shows, etc. We had to take cabs every time. Also, this hotel is located right next to the 15 freeway and so was extremely loud. I got about 2 hours of sleep because I was listening to semis etc. go by all night. Next, the hotel is art-themed and decorated as such. This is unique and the lobby was well decorated but the rooms themselves were very dark. The bathroom was very small and dark/hard to see. Further, we had two double beds and the beds were extremely uncomfortable with poor quality mattresses, bedding, and pillows. Next, the price was very high considering the quality of the rooms and how close this hotel was to the freeway. We paid $189! We felt this was very high considering the rates of some of the other hotels we considered and considering the noise and the quality of the rooms. The only positive we experienced at the Artisan was that on the whole the staff were very friendly and helpful. Overall, I would not recommend the Artisan to other travelers.	
Nov 17 2007	artisan blues	Wow. Dark inside. But a little interesting with bookcases everywhere and pictures all over the walls and ceilings. Cleanliness not a strong point. About $2.50 or so energy charge additional and a $12.50 per night mandatory valet charge. A book in the room said the valet charge was $6.00 or so but apparently it had recently been adjusted slightly upward by 100%. Bed looked like it had been used about 15 years too long. Chair in room had suspicious looking stains.Memorable if you have a sense of humor and flexible standards- and if your shots are up to date-probably, maybe, possibly kidding about the last point. Overall, I would view this hotwire choice as a reason to be hesitant to use hotwire. It was rated as 3 stars but certainly wasn't in the normal expected 3 star universe-i.e. Doubletree, Holiday Inn, etc. The add on fees also was annoying and essentially like a bait and switch without an option since a hotwire purchase is irreversible.	
Nov 5 2007 	Do Not Stay Here!!!!	WORST HOTEL STAY EVER!!!! We are currently undergoing a dispute with a hotel by the name of Artisan Hotel &amp; Spa. They placed an unauthorized charge on our DEBIT card at the amount of $250.00. They claim that the charge is for “smoke damages” to the room, which were present before our stay. Upon checking-in, we notified the hotel of the strong smell of cigarettes, and they noted our complaint. The place is filthy and the strong smell of cigarettes left me nauseous the whole trip! According to the hotel cleaning service, they claim they found one cigarette on the floor after we checked out. I explained to them that when we left the room, there were no cigarettes, seeing as how neither of us smoke, never have. They accused us of lying and are doing everything in their power to avoid this situation. We have tried many times to contact management and we have been given false information. When we finally got to speak with who we were told was the manager who was responsible for making these decisions, he claimed that there were “tons of cigarettes on the floor.” When I told him that his cleaning ladies said only one cigarette was found, he began to stumble on his words and seemed no longer interested in talking with me. He then told me that he was not in charge of handling these decisions and that I would have to contact a man named, David Poire, who he claims also to be the manager. We have tried for several days to contact David but he is avoiding us at all costs. We know that these accusations are completely false and we also have discovered that this is not the first time this hotel has done this. We found reviews of their service on hotels.com of people explaining similar situations and claiming that the room service does not clean thoroughly. We are currently seeking legal advice in this matter. Every staff member is rude and the food is horrible!!!! And another thing, the hotel is surrounded by strip clubs.	
Sep 28 2007	Adams Family Hotel	This place should be called the Adams Family Hotel. It's very dark and decorated Vampire-style. Cool Idea with the paintings (hence the Artisan aspect) but the place is clearly an old run down building with a coat of paint. We had the old timey box air conditioner (like at motels) and run of the mill, cramped bathroom with a pipe running through the top near the ceiling. The goth girl at the front desk (on day shift) Maria, was rude to my husband and me twice (both times we talked to her) The night shift staff were quite nice and helpful. We tried to check in early and Maria became overwhelmed, her head spun around and so we came back much later. The bed was ok. They have a safe for your use. I was a little put off by the &quot;incidentals&quot; in the room. The wine, the robes. They all had notes with the prices. Kinda cheesy. AND the robe note stated that if you decide to take it they will charge your card $100. I've never stayed anywhere that warned you about stealing the robes. Wonder if some teenager owns this place? I think it's understood the robes arent for you to keep. The bartender was great and we had a great laugh about him being the King Vampire. Drinks were a good pour. The breakfast was mediocre. We didnt have dinner. The location is the worst feature about this place. First there is no option except to valet your car. And they charge you for parking there. Good luck getting anywhere from this place in a car. The one way roads and roads changing names kept us going the wrong way so long we thought we were going to miss a dinner reservation. There is NO walking to anything from this place. Even if you did you'd get jacked because it's in a very sketchy part of town. I'd probably scrape up the extra money to stay somewhere else next time. But it's definitely a very cool bar to have drinks late night. Plus if you get lucky enough and hook up with someone the rooms have free porn on the tv. Bad thing is the condoms are $10 a pop. (no pun intended)	
Aug 30 2007 	Hidden fees adding 27% on top of the booked reservation price	Hello,I booked this hotel through hotwire.com but the booking did not mention almost 1/3 extra that I had to pay to the hotel separately.This was a very unpleasant surprise. The hotel charged $11.50 for the use of their parking lot and $3.50 for some strange energy surcharge.Had I know about these I wouldn't have booked this hotel and I am dissapointed.Thank you	
Aug 26 2007 	Interesting but terrible service	Hotel itself is located not in the safest area (at least it looks like it -- not pretty at all).... When you walk in - it is very dark, but I loved the art and ideas management has put in it. However, the only and probably biggest disappointment about it was a really really bad service. Front desk is absolutely not friendly. It feels when you approach them as if you were not welcome there at all.	
Aug 11 2007	A Self-Serve Do It Yourslef Hotel	This hotel was so below expectations that giving it a one star feels generous. We were there for a friends wedding with pre-quoted rates and then were given different rates upon arrival plus all the hidden fees they don't tell you about till you arrive. My friends room had a toilet that leaked and we had to bring all our own luggage to our rooms. Upon switching my friends room, because the toilet was leaking everywhere, we had to get the luggage trolly and move all his stuff ourselves. The hotel is not in a convenient location and it is a $20.00 cab ride everywhere you go. The hotel was soooo understaff that I waited 20 minutes to get a drink before I went behind the bar and poured my own drink, as well as, some of their other guest. The bartender is also the room service person and the service person for the restaurant. At one point the poor girl almost broke into tears from the stress. The hotel has 65 rooms of which 50 were for our party and they under staffed the hotel (I believe because the hotel is not doing very well) and showed us no service. If I asked someone a questions they didn't handle they would send me all over the hotel looking for someone to help. The rooms were extremely dark and gloomy and although they were pretty clean I think it's because they never have guest in them. Upon every complaint we had they somehow made us feel like it was our problem. The front desk staff, as well as, the managers were rude and incompetent. The bar staff, security, maintenance and housekeeping people were Great and I feel sorry for them to have to work in such a negative environment. The hotel only cares about their bar nightlife and does not care about the hotel guest who are staying there. I don't think this hotel will be around much longer and warn anyone who is considering staying there to think otherwise. With all the hidden fees and cab rides you could stay on the strip and walk everywhere plus get room, bar and just plain service. The only good thing about the hotel was our friends and their wedding.	
Aug 7 2007	The worst hotel ever!	I had my wedding reception there and they had the absolute worse customer service, rather no customer service! It started on Friday when my mother in law slipped and the girl at the front desk yelled at us that it was her fault for slipping. Her quote was; &quot;that's why the furniture is there because the carpet is wet. No warning signs, no apologies, nothing! On our wedding day,we were expecting a bar for our reception that was pool side and they failed to give that to us nor did they even bother to tell us. They simply told us that no one wanted to do it and they were understaff. Again they blammed us for that as well. The next day they had a bar for 1 of there weekly Sunday events. Our guest were also quoted 3 different rates and the guests that got the cheaper rate with confirmation # were checked in and charged the higher rate. As you can read they are very dis- organized, under staff, and very rude. We loved the ambiance of the hotel but will never stay there again because of in competent employees and managers. They were awful to me, my husband and all of our 100 guests!	
Jul 14 2007 	Hidden fees bad neighborhood	This hotel is called the Artisan probably because of all the paintings found throughout the lobby (some on the ceiling), hallway, and inside the hotel rooms. You will either like this kind of overkill or you won't. In any case, it's not worse than the other themed hotels found in Vegas. I found the rooms to be clean, and the free wifi and cable TV (42 in flat panel) in each room to be nice. However, I have no plans to stay at this hotel in the future. Why? It’s the hidden fees and a bad location that kills it for me. Upon registering we were told that we had to pay a $3.50 energy surcharge fee and a $6.50 valet parking fee, self parking was not available. This brought our cheap hotel for the night (advertised at $59 and booked at $67 after taxes) up to $77. For an additional $10-20 dollars we could have stayed at any number of hotels in the area.You should be aware that the hotel is located next to a freeway exit. The freeway itself runs so close to the hotel that it looks like it runs partly over the property. This close proximity made it difficult to locate the entrance to the hotel. To give them credit, the traffic noise is minimal (at least on my floor). You also need to know that the hotel is surrounded by warehouses. Two topless joints were in view of my room window. They each appeared to be about 2 to 3 blocks away. Trying to drive out of the neighborhood, I got lost in the numerous cul de sacs and so came to know the area a little. I noticed at least 3 additional adult entertainment joints in the area bringing the total to at least 5.Although the decor of the hotel didn't bother me, my gf found the the excessive use of candles to illuminate a dark lobby creepy. This &quot;color scheme&quot; was continued in the hotel room itself. It was painted in dark colors (I think it was a deep crimson red) and the bathroom was tiled and trimmed entirely in black except for the toilet and the wash basin. The hotel advertises a pool, a spa and a workout room. I couldn't locate the spa but be aware that the pool and the workout room are small. I don't think 4 people could exercise in the workout room at the same time safely. The pool is in ground but is smaller than what some people have in their own back yard.This place seems to have its fans and certainly it is different from a days inn or best western but whether you are looking for a romantic getaway or are planning on visiting Vegas with children, I think you can find better offerings for very little extra money. The hotel is located near the Palace Station Casino and about ¼ mile from the Sahara Casino. It’s within walking distance of the Northern end of the strip but I doubt many people will ever make this walk because of the freeway. Traffic lights and a narrow sidewalk do exist so walking is technically possible.	
Jul 4 2007 	Interesting experience	Recently spent 3 nights at the Artisan. I booked through Hotwire, so I didn't know the hotel until after I paid. Price was about $55 per night, which was great for a holiday weekend in Las Vegas. The other reviews on TripAdvisor made me really nervous, but the hotel was actually quite fun and unique. First of all, no slot machines or gaming! That was an unexpected treat and made for a very relaxing atmosphere.Make no mistake about it, this hotel is designed for an ideal tryst. It's romantic (dim) lighting, comfortable &amp; candlelit (dim) lobby, delicious (dim) dining, great artwork (heavy on the sensuous (not ---) nudes) are all designed for romance and not business. Unfortunately, I hadn't brought anyone with me and despite being in Vegas, had no intention of, uh-hem, finding anyone. I asked for a room away from the overpass and was given one on the 4th floor. The bed is one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in, the sheets are deliciously soft and the bathrobes are sinfully delectable. The room was very quiet and I heard very little outside noise at all (hint - close the shutters all the way and they block out a LOT of noise). The staff was polite and when I had a mini-crisis in my room (pipes above the bathtub starting leak due to work going on upstairs), there was someone there within 5 minutes to deal with the issue. FYI - the bar at the Artisian is quite the hot spot with the young trend-setters so be prepared to feel woefully out of place if you are over 25 &amp; there on a weekend night.There is an extra charge for parking and energy consumption, which is added to your bill after you arrive. Roughly $10 per day - this was off-putting but the price for the room is so good, and the neighborhood is a little sketchy, I was fine with it. Don't be here without a car though! This isn't a neighborhood for walking around and seeing the sights, as others have mentioned. However, you are only minutes away from the Strip and remember how comfortable the beds are?There is decent wi-fi access throughout the hotel and a PC/Printer off the lobby. I had just come from a conference at the Ventian where wi-fi is only available in the lobby/pool/food court and using their PCs costs $30 an hour so I was thrilled to be able to get some work done without busting my business charge account. The pool area looked great but I never quite made it out there. Currently there isn't a Spa associated with the hotel but apparently plans are in the works for later 2007. FYI - if you are coming in during the day, take off your sunglasses! The lobby, as mentioned, is very dark and you almost will need bat sonar to find your way around during the first few minutes until your eyes adjust. Would I stay here again, yes. Would I prefer to be having a romantic tryst when I do so, yes. Would not having the tryst stop me from staying here, absolutely not. Aren't you in Vegas to have some fun? Who wants the same old boring Holiday Inn/Best Western experience? If you can't afford the Wynn, MGM or the Ventian and if you aren't 100% focused on gambling, take a chance instead on this unique property.	
Jun 16 2007 	We Hated the Artisan!	Even if the room had been $5, we still would not have enjoyed our stay. The room was full of mildew and was falling apart. The hallway had a terrible stench. The lobby is dark and the staff were very rude. This hotel is also in a seedy area. Worst of all, even though we had booked through Expedia.com, the Artisan charged my credit card an additional $30, which was never mentioned when making the reservation. They explained that the charge is added to cover the utilities, like electricity, that guests use. What a scam!Beware the Artisan Hotel in Las Vegas!!!	
Jun 12 2007 	Dark but love the art	This place was so unique. Good stuff and some things they need to work on. Walked into almost total darkness, candles everywhere. Art work on the ceiling, walls, everywhere. Beautiful statues, nice fountain in the lobby. THE POOL IS WHY I WOULD GO BACK!!! Square pool surrounded by lush greenery &amp; palms, double wide beds as loungers, clean water, beautiful new-age type music coming out of perfectly balanced speakers. The service was better by the pool that at the front desk. Rooms are very dark, frustrated I couldn't see to put on my make up. Had the room by the TURNPIKE!! What a racket!! Single pane window sounded like it was wide open. Bathroom could use shelves and towel hooks. Loved the flat screen LCD Olivia TV on the wall. Bathrobes available. Nice beds and linens. Restaurant has good food and Good service. Loved the wine tasting at 4:30. BUT NO COFFEE IN THE ROOM!!!!!!!! Hotel charges $9 in the bar for a sm pot that give 3 tiny cups. They have a few things to work on.	
May 29 2007 	Great Hotel / Great Food / Bad Service	The Food was great and the Hotel has a feel that you will not find in any other Las Vegas Hotel. Great for Adults. I really like the fact I did not see any kids in this Hotel running around. My only problem was the staff. Let me correct myself. The Staff was good in all areas but the front desk. I asked to speak to the manager because my room was rented from under me. I came back 3 times to check in to my room and the person told me that my two bed room will be ready at 4:00pm. When I came back the 3rd time they stated they did not have any rooms with two bedrooms left. When I asked to speak to the manager he stated they never guarantee what types of rooms they will reserve. I told him I had this reserved for about 7 days.The bottom line, if someone comes behind you and is going to stay more nights, they will sell the room from under you. (That’s how I feel) When I went to speak to the manager there were 3 people that were waiting to speak to the manager. It’s funny that all of us were renting the rooms for a few nights with two beds. The manager was nice but he could care less. I am a manager of an IT company in Orange County. If the service was not bad I would send all of my employees to this Hotel because of the atmosphere and location from the main strip. I will be sending them to the South Point. The service was better. Americans need to wake up and start getting back to being more service oriented. I guess the customer is not always right if there is someone that is waiting behind you to pay for the room.	
May 13 2007 	NO complaints here!	Well, I should give Artisan a poor review just so we can keep coming at low room rates. If people discover this hidden jewel of Vegas then perhaps we would no longer be able to get a room in this 50 room hotel!Perhaps we would have been a bit more critical had we paid full price through the hotel website. Here's a tip. Artisan is *very* easy to find on Hotwire.com considering it is the only boutique hotel in town. We paid $160 bill total for a Thursday and Friday night stay. When one takes into account the average room rates in town these days, this is a steal! Sure, the Artisan is not the Hard Rock, Palms, or the other hipster joints in Las Vegas. Thankfully, it isn't. It seemed as though some of the previous guests expected it to possess the same packed pretension. Artisan is a great spot to relax in a low key, swankish atmosphere. If you want the hustle and bustle, go elsewhere to party or stay at the casino last mentioned on E or MTV. The Artisan pool is an uncrowded place with some privacy, so we were pleasantly surprised by a topless young lady and a speedoed gentleman. It's not the gawkfest or oogling eyes that one would receive at Rehab or the other pool parties, so feel free to let them free at the Artisan pool.The art throughout the establishment is a great touch. We love the acid jazz, deep house vibe in the lounge and pool. Being able to get a couch in any ultra lounge/bar is rare in most places unless you get there super-early or drop lots of coin on bottle service. We didn't have to do either on a Friday night. Drinks in the lounge are reasonable by Vegas standards, and those budget drinkers/ alcoholics will be impressed by their well options (e.g., Smirnoff) Vodka and Tonic for $6. From previous experience, Saturdays do get busier, but thankfully never to the degree that the Las Vegas macro-bars and ultra lounges do.Now, people have to understand that because of their previous history some boutique hotels do not boast huge squarefootages in guest rooms. That's the reality, so either accept it...or get over it and go elsewhere. We accepted it. We were hosted in the Salvador Dali suite. Other names we recognized were throughout the hall. It was a welcome change of pace when compared to the thousand room casino-hotels.If anyone's ever stayed on Sunset (Hollywood, CA), The Grafton and The Standard are both boutique hotels with small rooms also. Room size is not an issue unique to Artisan, so I do not believe they should be faulted for it. They do what they can with what they have. If you like room size and a good party in Las Vegas, my tip is to stay at the Embassy Suites on Swenson and then walk across the street to the Hard Rock. That would be your best bet for value and room size. Take your free daily happy hour and live it up. Another qualm of some guests is the parking fee of $6.50 per day and the resort fee of $3.50. Resort hotels in other cities engage in this practice, so its nothing new. Energy surcharges continue to be charged at some casinos also. Remember the Artisan neither has a whole lot of room for parking (i.e., no monstrous parking structure a la the casinos) nor a gaming area. Having paid parking fees at many other hotels (e.g. in California, Florida) this is no surprise considering the circumstances. To the penny-pinchers out there, go ahead and book on Hotwire and let your savings cover these fees.A last concern by some is the area in which the Artisan is located. Yes, it is in an industrial area. Yes, you will need to have a rental car if you feel like traveling the city with some convenience. Try Advantage Rent a Car (arac.com) for the best rates in my experience. Yes, it is easier to exit Sahara from the 15 North and make a right under the underpass. And yes, if you desire to enjoy adult entertainment (i.e., gentlemen's clubs) there are quite a few within a few minutes driving distance (cough...Spearmint Rhino). During my stay, there were no transients, prostitutes, or druggies patrolling the parking lot next to the Artisan. I believe such suggestions were quite inaccurate. So, if you're looking for aesthetics go to the more sanitized Strip.Otherwise, enjoy the low key Artisan. Here's how to do it. Have dinner in their restaurant. Entrees are reasonably priced (a good handful are under $20), and crack a bottle of wine. Hang in the lounge and have a few drinks (or more) on Friday/Saturday. The room elevator is within stumbling distance. Tune in to channel 69 on your TV...for the free pron. Hopefully you have someone with you to enjoy it. Wake up in the morning, consume some food, go to the pool and tan your parts...and repeat the cycle.I hope I haven't sold this place too much otherwise you all are going to prevent us locals from getting rooms here. By the same token, I hope I have given enough detail to prevent others, who may not enjoy this type of establishment (e.g., families, older travelers), from purchasing rooms.	
May 9 2007 	Fantastic Stay at The Artisan Hotel	After reading some of the “negative” comments on the Artisan Hotel, I am not sure that they are describing the same Artisan Hotel where we just stayed. We had a wonderful five night and six day stay.The Artisan Hotel Staff was not only very attentive to our needs but went out of their way to assist us in any request we presented to them. The staff were professional in every respect and significantly better than the “Mega-Vegas Strip” hotels where some of our friends stayed (based on their comments).I must admit the Artisan Hotel is different. I have not seen that much displayed artwork in one place since our tours of museums in several large cities we visited recently. Yes, they are reproductions but quite plentiful and beautiful never-the-less. There are several nudes in the collection but no more than we saw in the museums. My wife and I did not find any that were objectionable.Our daughter was married in their beautiful and intimate Chapel. It is truly magnificent and will seat up to 50 people. This is not an “Elvis” marriage type setting but one that is magnificent and dignified as any marriage Chapel, in my opinion, should be. The Artisan Wedding Chapel Coordinator was extremely professional and made adjustments to the wedding format to suit the bride.We enjoyed the warmth of the lobby. Yes, it is dark inside but only if you come into it from the bright Las Vegas sunshine. We enjoyed the candles that were sprinkled about the lobby as they only enhanced the ambiance that the Artisan is trying to provide. The men’s and women’s bathrooms off the lobby, as well as the lobby and hallways were very clean. If you want standing in lines, glaring lights and neon, the Artisan Hotel is not the place for you.The room we stayed in displayed Goya paintings. They were beautiful and represented the span of Goya’s work. However, I did find it a bit disconcerting and weird to have a painting of a naked lady painting staring at us when lying in bed. The room was spotless. The maid service was outstanding and the beds were turned down each night. The only negative comment we have would be the lack of a coffee pot but I understand that you don’t find them in any room in Las Vegas.The restaurant was quite good. The breakfasts and dinners were varied in cuisine and top notch. The wait staff was attentive but not intrusive, which allowed my wife and I to enjoy some very intimate meals together.We were happy to stay at a hotel away from the “strip”. We enjoyed the peace and quiet the Artisan provides and did not realize that a train passed by several hundred yards away. It is located next to an Interstate but we never heard any traffic. Also, it should be noted that you do have to take a taxi to the strip but what good does it do to drive your car to the strip, you still have to find a parking place and pay an exorbitant fee to park there.Bottom line: Would we stay at the Artisan again - YOU BET. Would we want our daughter to be married in a Las Vegas Chapel at any venue other than the Artisan Chapel - NO WAY. This is a very nice hotel to relax and chill out in. We loved its old world atmosphere. Enjoy your stay at the Artisan Hotel, we did!	
May 7 2007 	Don't freak out....	...if you just Hotwired a room at the Artisan. People either seem to love it or hate it. I am very picky about hotels, and my fiance and I had a pretty middle of the road experience. First off, we only paid $100 for the room, so we weren't expecting too much (especially when other rooms in the strip proximity were going from $295+++). Yes, the lobby is very dark. They must have taken the lobby pictures on their website with truck headlights shining through the doorway. The rooms are dark too, which is great for hangovers (the windows are even tinted, and don't open very far to let natural light in). I did have to remove the lampshade to put my makeup on by the soft (ha ha) glow of a bare bulb, no big deal, I just had smokier eyes than usual!Yep, there are paintings with nude women in them. Geez, they are masterpiece reproductions, you prudes. If you are sheltering your children from great works of art, I worry for the future. However, I would not bring kids here--not because of the art, but because it just doesn't feel very family oriented. There are burning candles at low levels in the lobby (interesting touch, but not child friendly), and it feels...well...seedy. There are strip clubs across the street, and like another reviewer said, uncensored porn on the tv. It seems like a hotel more oriented towards STARTING a family. It could have been cleaner. Bring flip flops to wear in the shower and around the room. Then bleach them or pitch them. The carpet seemed grungy, the bedspread and throwpillows felt &quot;not so fresh&quot; and the walls had stains and splatters here and there. I have certainly been in ickier places, but the room could have used a sprucing up. I used the previous reviews as a guide, so I was just happy that the room didn't need a fire hose. Use common sense--don't put stuff on the floor, pull the bedspread back, and for God's sake, don't touch the bathroom doorknob unless you squirt it with hand sanitizer or cover it with a washcloth. And put the t.v.remote in a clear plastic bag because those things are filthy (I was a health inspector). The previous bad reviews mention an odd smell. Yep--I noticed it too. When we walked into the lobby, there was a strong tutti-fruti (like Juicyfruit gum) smell. It was also in the halls, and in our room, so apparently they had some bizarre smelling hotel freshener. There was an undercurrent of funk, but not enough to send me running. It is a $7-10 cab ride to the strip, so plan accordingly. If you have a car, you will pay $6.50 for valet--no choice. Unless your plans would allow you to park in a strip garage (free) and take a cab to The Artisan. Actually, that's a stupid idea, you would still have to pay for another cab ride to pick up your car. Oh well---just throwing it out there. All in all, our stay was fair. It was what I expected from the previous reviews, and I wouldn't stay here again, unless the rooms were dirt (ha ha) cheap. It is a good place to stay if you like to hit Vegas running, stay up late, and sleep all day. We go for the nightlife, so we didn't spend a lot of time lounging around this hotel. If you want something shiny and bright and fun and close to everything, there are better options. If you are up for an adventure, interested in quirky places, open-minded, willing to overlook some flaws, and traveling without children, give it a try. Good luck!	
Apr 20 2007 	Awesome Stay! Loved It!	My sister and I both stayed at the Artisan Hotel in Las Vegas in early April 2007. We absolutely loved the hotel, and it was a refreshing change from the usual neon glitz of Vegas. First off, the hotel is beautifully decorated with gorgeous art everywhere. As you step inside, the lobby is dark and candlelit with fountains and gothic-style furniture and decor. There is no gaming in the casino, so it is always soothing, peaceful, and cool walking inside. The restaurant has it's lobby, pool, exercise room, and guest office to the left of the front door, and the restaurant and bar to the right. Everything is decorated in a gorgeous gothic style, including the 24 hour bar and restaurant. At the front desk, they have green and red apples piled up in a deep bowl which are yours for the taking! (As well as for added visual appeal!)A Few Tips About the Artisan:Rooms: All rooms are named after famous artists and decorated inside with their artwork. If you have a favorite artist, request their room! The best rooms are the large king bedrooms versus the two double bed rooms, because the king bedrooms face the Vegas Strip, and the double rooms face the parking lot. The beds were comfy and the rooms were clean. Sometimes the maids made up our rooms twice a day! They had a good blowdryer and nice big towels. The rooms are a bit small and dark, but we didn't mind. Oh- minor alert! The TV's have a a &quot;Channel 69&quot; that airs porno without a block or pay system. Interesting to stumble upon while channel surfing with your little sister in the room!Halls:It's kind of like walking in a fun-house down the halls which are studded on all sides with art. Also, the floor is a little uneven, so sometimes you feel like you are unbalanced!Lobby:Everyday at 4:30pm The Artisan has free wine-tasting. This was awesome! Great wine, and a great place to meet new people. By the way, the fact that the hotel is non-smoking is one of the best things about this place. Smoking is restriced to barside and poolside only.Front Desk: Really nice, friendly, accomodating people. However, a word of warning. If you have a car (which I recommend) you will have to pay a $6.50/day valet charge to park it. There is no self parking. However, we really liked having the convenience of 24 hour valet. Also, there is a $3.50 energy tax placed on your bill each day. I thought this was worth it, given that the guest business center was free, with free internet access, wifi, printing, etc. and I used it every day. Also, if you want a pool towel, you have to leave your license at the front desk and won't get it back until you return the towel.Pool: The pool is really small, but clean and refreshing with beautiful vases and decor surrounding it. There are lounge chairs and lounge daybeds for relaxing. There was no jacuzzi or spa available at the time we went. Also, there is no open bar or food service poolside. You can request food or drink service from the restaurant though, but it's pricey.Restaurant:Beautifully decorated, good Italian food, but definitely a bit pricey. Entrees range from $12-$32.Location: I would really recommend having a car if you are staying at this hotel. The hotel is quite a ways down Sahara Ave. over a freeway overpass. You can walk to the strip, but it takes about 25 minutes, and you have to cross quadruple lane freeways on foot. There is no way I would do this by myself or at night. Also, remember, you are walking in the Vegas heat!. There are no major casinos nearby that you can catch a free shuttle from. To get a taxi to the strip from The Artisan costs $7-$10 one way. This is way too expensive if you are going back and forth to the hotel. We ended up just renting a car and paying the valet fee, which actually worked out well since we felt we needed a car to get around the strip efficiently. The hotel is located near some strip clubs, but it is safely cornered away, and there is no seedy element or shady drunk people coming into contact with the hotel.Overall, my sister and I were very happy with The Artisan. If you have a car and are looking for an amazing alternative atmosphere with a chill, relaxing vibe, this is the place for you. I would definitely stay at The Artisan again.	
Apr 1 2007	Lovely sexy place	Had a lovely stay, the staff was very courteous and helpful, particularly Malorie and Ashley Hyde. Loved the artwork, the food was very good, the room was beautiful. Thanks to all, would love to stay again.	
Mar 20 2007 	Great R 	Fa getta about the other rewiews!!!The Artisan offers you something that the rest of Vegas can not-- roll up to the front door and you are in your room in seconds. P &amp; Q !Sure, the art work is FUNky, and the decor is darker than other hotels. That's because there are not 1000's of slot machines banging in your ear and flashing in your eyes!The Artisan's dining room and bar are actually some of my favorite rooms of any Hotel in the country. The Dining room is Gorgeous--and the bar is way cool. One night I was there a T.V. show used it as a back drop. I won't spoil the image of either,but, will attest that the food is exceptional and the staff very friendly.Sure, luxury does not abound--it is simply extremely comfortable.What more could you want?Not only do you get what you pay for, you do not pay for what you do not get-- a bunch of needless Vegas hassle.	
Mar 5 2007	STAY AWAY NO MATTER WHAT!!!!!!	So I got this hotel on hotwire. Got there at 3pm and was told we would have to wait for our room to be ready. Gave them my bags, name, and credit card and headed off. When we got back a few hours later THEY HAD GIVEN OUR ROOM AWAY! The manger was completely unhelpful. He tried to make us pay twice as much for a hotel a few blocks away that the reviews online said the rooms smelled like urine. Thank goodness hotwire found us another room.The looby looks like the Tower of Terror ride at Disney World. It was a truly awful experince.	
Mar 2 2007	Has potential	Although I did not stay, I met some friends there when I came to town. At first you squint with the darkness, but as you softly adjust you find yourself surrounded by a unique facility. The lounge area is a comfortable place for chatting and the service staff was quite nice and eager to please. Our food was good and our server was exceptional --thanks Justin. I briefly visited a room and albeit it wasn't the most beautiful room, it was more than I would have expected for the price. The atmosphere made us feel welcome -- not just a few of thousands running around. All in all you get what you pay for, and more. Elphaba S.	
Aug 29 2006	Forgertaboutit	I booked this through Skyauction and it was a horrible experience. Yes, it is dark and the artwork is definitely not for children. Yes, they charge for valet, don't tell you until it is too late that there is no other parking, and yes, they advertise their address as on Sahara, when it is just off the Sahara freeway exit, down a side street alley, with a topless caberet theater across the street, surrounded by the power station, in a seedy industrial area...with access back to West Sahara a little difficult, and no signage. I would say the lobby/reception area is like an Italian cave. It is so dark, the candles set all around give a mysterious presence, but little to light the area. The artwork is great and everywhere. The pool is very small and there was no spa.The room looked great until one ventured into the bathroom. It was dirty, black mold on the ceiling, floor, and tub. The toilet took three attempts to flush properly, the tub nozzle had a continual drip, and the shower curtain was covered in mold. The vinyl was cracked right where one stands to use the sink. I did call to find out if we could switch rooms and was told all bathrooms were the same. We then opened the cabinet to the TV and the left door fell its hinges. Lucky it didn't hit my foot. They sent a repair man. He said it has been broken and he probably can't fix it, so if we want to watch TV, they will have to move us. I thought great - any room should be better than this. We moved from 304 to 316 and the bathroom was better...not great...but the toilet flushed properly and not as much mold. Sleeping was a nightmare. I understand I am in the desert and it is dry, but there was zero humidity in the room and between the coils sticking me from the awful mattress, to not being able to breathe, I didn't sleep at all...up every 45-60 mintues to get some water and move, from the numbness the bed caused. We decided not to torture ourselves with another night and checked out, knowing full well that using skyauction, my room was paid in full, in advance, with no refunds. I'd rather give up the money than spend another night there. I ended up just driving home. I would call this 2 star, at best. Vegas has way too many hotels to ever stay at this property. Just FORGETABOUT IT!	
Aug 24 2006 	The Artisan [-----] in every possible way you can imagine	Let's start with the &quot;spa&quot; part of its name. There is no spa.The hotel intends to be hip and artsy - unlike some reviewers I don't mind the art on the walls (anyone travelling with super young kids probably should not be in Las Vegas). However, it is a half-[-----] effort to be cool which really falls flat. The hotel has bad service, the room was junky and cluttered and not particularly clean. The WiFi was erratic. They have weird things like an &quot;energy surcharge&quot;. They just don't have their act together.Most awful of all was the 3 am wake up from the hotel's fire alarm system going off for 30 minutes. Nobody from the hotel staff was available to inform guests whether there was a real fire danger or what to do. They were useless. I called 911. It was stressful. The hotel's offer to soothe our nerves was to waive their ridiculous energy surcharge. I want my money back and I hope you will stear clear of this [-------] wannabe poser's hotel. This hotel is in an unpleasant location, is run by unpleasant people and provided an unpleasant experience in all senses of the word. I hope they can get their [---] together, because Vegas needs more alternatives to Casino mega-hotels.Good luck Artisan! Go back to hospitality school [------------]	
Aug 22 2006	Terrible	Stayed at the Artisan Hotel on Saturday night only. Took us in at the last minute at the same rate as cheap hotels. We did encounter problems with electricity. When clothing iron and hair straightener were plugged in we lost electricity in 1/2 of the room for about 10 minutes. When we drove back from going out to a concert and eating breakfast that evening, I left my car keys in the ignition. I informed the valet the keys were left inside and already had my parking stub from the previous day. I walked out of my car, left the door open and walked into the hotel. During the night, I received calls from valet. I was informed the next day it was the valet guy calling. I was really tired and didn't answer the phone. The same morning about 7:00 one of the valet guys came pounding on the door asking if I had a spare key. Never did he mention that I had locked the car with the keys inside. Sometime after that a female voice called and said I had locked my car with the keys inside. I mentioned that was not the case and they needed to contact a locksmith to have my car opened. She just hung up, so just figured since I had left my car open with the valet that they would take care of it. When I checked-out I asked about my car, a female said she did not know what I was talking about. I proceeded to the valet and noticed my vehicle was still in the same spot from last night. I asked the new valet guy regarding my locked vehicle with keys in the ignition, he claimed he had no idea what I was talking about. I called the Director David Poire about the incident, all he said was to call the valet company Las Vegas Parking Inc at the number 702-808-9150 as listed on the parking stub. He further said to call him back. I called the parking company and received a recorded message stating that they were closed on weekends. I then returned and called the Director David Poire and just received a recorded message that he was away from the phone. I did leave a message, stating that the parking company was closed and that I would have to call a locksmith. I never heard again from the director, and had to call a locksmith. The valet attendant did give me a phone number for a locksmith. Although the staff seem friendly, they do not offer help when inconvenienced. It is now two days later and the Director David Poire has not returned my phone call. Many things happen at hotels, but to be ignored totally is not only negligent but rude. It is the second time staying at this hotel, and thought I had developed some kind of friendship. I am really dissappointed as my first trip there was really nice and fun, but I will never return to this hotel.	
Jul 4 2006	No complaints	This is a great place if you want to stay close to the strip but away from the hustle and bustle (and traffic)of the strip. There was not a casino inside which was nice and it was well-themed with each room featuring a different famous artist. The lobby and check-in area were dark and the clerk who checked us in wasn't particularly friendly, but the clerk who checked us out in the morning was nice. There was free wi-fi in the hotel but the signal wasn't very strong so it was a little hit or miss. Overall I would recommend this hotel to couples looking for a romantic, private place to stay.	
Jul 1 2006	Run For Your Life!!!	1) Located directly across the street from huge electrical transmiters. So, you get a big dose of this cancer causing stuff. Didn't know before I booked reservations, or I never would have stayed here.2) Hotel is plain too dark. Hard to even see where you're going. Either they are trying to hide something or save money on energy. Which is strange, since they charge you an additional charge to use this electricity. You are not told until after you get there. So, be aware that whatever you pay online, you will be charged much more. They also charge you to park your car there overnight-$6.50 charge. I have never heard of a hotel doing this before.3) You are forced into a valet situation, where you must tip them everytime. There is no self-parking.4) If you have children in your party, this is not the right hotel for you. The halls are covered with paintings containing full frontal nudes and adult situations. One painting depicted a husband being caught with his mistress-who was wearing a corset and hands were tied behind her back. You do not want to answer questions about this sort of thing to a young child. It is art, but it's not suitable for children.5) The room is the size of a shoe box.6) The matress is like sleeping on concrete. It was so bad, I had to position all the pillows underneath me and sleep on top of them.7) Speaking of pillows, this is so gross, and I apologize for having to tell it to you, but you must be told, when I first walked up to the bed, I noticed that one of the decorative pillows, had what looked like --, on it.What angers me more than anything is the dishonesty. I believed that my stay would cost me one price, then afterward find out they make up for it by charging you for other things. I just don't like that. Based on that alone, I won't come back.Some good things: It is close to the strip.It was fairly clean.It's non-gaming and they do not allow smoking.	
May 4 2006	Just an odd experience...	First, I called the front desk on the way to the hotel for directions, and the hotel isn't exactly the easiest to access. She gave me incorrect directions and I had to find my way there based upon my own previous experiences in Vegas.So I arrived at the hotel, to the valet, and I unloaded our luggage on to the rack (the one with the wheels) and apparently I have to lug it to my room myself. Strange I thought. The lobby was dark but I don't remember the smell that everyone seems to be talking about. The staff seemed alright, not great, but not bad. The room: The decour definetly is something some will like, some won't. It is darker than every other hotel I've ever been to. It's also obvious that this is a renovated hotel. The television is something from the 80's. The cabinent that held the tv also creeked everytime I walked by, so we kept it open. The bathroom was too dark. But the bed was nice and big, and the noise wasn't too bad (we weren't on the freeway side).All in all, it was okay. It definetly was somewhat cool not to be in a casino hotel. No hustle and bustle, but the overall experience isn't something that I'd pay what I did for. We were there when there was a convention, so all the prices for the hotels were high. Oh, and the extra valet and energy surcharge was definetly annoying.In a nutshell, it's a renovated hotel, with some of it's oldness still remaining. It tries to be different from the other hotels by being low key, which it does accomplish. No spa when I was there, but the pool seemed like an average pool.hope this helps.	
Apr 25 2006	The worst Hotel in Vegas	This Hotel was chosen by my best friend to have her wedding. We couldn't check in unitl 4pm, which is hours later than other hotels. We waited in line for twenty minutes, while the &quot;manager&quot; handed out paychecks and talked on the phone. We then proceeded to our luggage, which the bellman left unattended at the elevator. We then went upstairs to our rooms, that had not been cleaned yet. We tried to call the front desk, but there was no answer. We then took our luggage (six large pieces, two carry ons and three wedding dresses) back down stairs, with no help from any staff. When I approached the manager about the horrible last ten minutes, she let me know that it was basically my fault. She offered no appology or concern for the brides comfort. We then hiked our luggage back upstairs (after complaining about having no help, she still offered none.) to our rooms. The rooms are so dark that putting in contacts or even putting on makeup is impossible. The beds are so hard that we all had a hard time walking first thing in the morning. After the first night we woke up to our bill placed under our door as if we were checking out. When we inquired at the front desk they told us that they had only reserved us for one night, even though we had paid for four. They charge $6.50 to park in their parking lot overnight regardless of whether or not you are a guest of their hotel. We also had to get new room keys on an average of once a day because they were getting ruined... In the sleeve all by themselves. Overall the rooms were clean but not comfortable. The bathroom is all black tile and black walls, and the room has chocolate walls and tinted windows. You will wake up everyday and think its raining out. The chapel and the lobby are beautiful. The wedding was a hit, thanks to the wonderful folks they had doing it. The photographer was also nice. The valet guys are super. I would only reccomend considering this hotel for your wedding, but I would not stay in it again. You would have to pay me.	
Apr 19 2006	Deliciously Romantic Cozy and Unique	After reading some of these poor reviews on the Artisan, I decided to write an opinionated one myself. My friend and I had spent a week in Vegas and decided to switch hotels a few times to get an all around taste of the Vegas hotel experience. We settled on playing craps with Priceline for 45$ a night. We landed at the Artisan. The next thing I did was check out what TripAdvisor had to say. I cringed. We spent our second and final night at the Wynn for $250 a night and headed out the next afternoon for the Artisan with small hopes. Upon pulling up to the hotel, it felt shady. The architecture of the outside looked like an old Comfort Inn as it stood in the shadows of the Wynn looking above in the skyline. It was sad. But all around there were nice cars. Mercedes, BMWs...expensive SUVs. Not crappy rental cars - as we were - driving in the valet of all the other high priced strip hotels we were staying. This seemed to be a place that locals knew of and took advantage of the lack of glitz and hoopla. It was also refreshing to get our car back from the valet in under 2 minutes because of the small amount of rooms and small parking lot.yes. the hotel IS dark and spooky. but very clean. and doenst stink like incense or musk. the staff was very friendly. the ambience very &quot;chic&quot; and eclectic. It was cozy, like something you would see in an old movie and separating it as an &quot;inn&quot; or &quot;guest rooms&quot; unlike the other mass collaborated hotels. We were placed in the Frida Kahlo room. It was decorated with large reproductions of her famous art in pretty gold frames. It had the feeling of staying somewhere familiar. Like grandmas house. The beds were soft and covered in pillows, cozy blankets and even had a throw on it. The bathroom was small and simple yet functional. There was a nice selection of room service offers and a fully stocked mini bar with prices half of that we had seen in other hotels.This is not a place to go if you want something glamorous and ornate. Or if you are out for a good time and want to come back to a room - throw your winnings in dollar bills over the bed and drink your Krystal til sunrise. But after almost a week of parties and a need for something quiet and warm for recovery, i couldnt think of a better place for the money. Next time we are in Vegas we will most def splurge for the “Masterpiece Suite” with pool table – just to see it!	
Apr 17 2006	Loved It!	Got married in their great little chapel. My new wife and I had a wonderful time and loved the candle lit hotel. It was very romantic and a great place to come back to after a day on the busy strip or at freemont. We just sat back and relaxed in their great lounge. Thanks Dave and John for the excellent customer service. It was above what we have come to expect in Vegas. We will be back everytime we come back to Vegas. We have already told a lot of people that attend sema and close friends about your place. Dean and Debbie	
Apr 8 2006	Don't do it!!	Horrible! Dark, dismal atmosphere. The toilet was backed up when we checked in- no one ever showed up for maintenance! Checked out early the next morning -desk clerk was rude! Not clean. Light bulbs burnt out in bathroom.	
Feb 22 2006	Not so nice...	The staff couldn't have been nicer. They were the bright spot of the hotel.But overall the place felt grungy. Our room was as dark as could be, with hardly any lighting. The bed was lousy. The pillows were worse. You didn't really want to talk around with bare feet.The place does fit right in -- with all the strip joints surrounding it. Our advice: pay whatever it costs and stay on the strip -- that's where the action is.	
Feb 21 2006	Great place for a cave	This is a great place if you like staying at a cave. The idea is to have art everywhere. The problem is they keep the place so dark it's like being in a cave. Even the room have almost no lighting. Simple things like reading a newspaper are impossible.Staff are obnoxious. With plenty of choices in Vegas, stay somewhere else.	
Feb 20 2006 	A wonderful stay!!!	The ambience of the hotel is wonderful and has a very unique character. In addition, it is a great place to experience Las Vegas if you want to stay at a gambling free hotel. The paintings hung throughout the hotel are fantastic. The food at the restaurant was delicious and reasonably priced. The bar is nice because it wasn’t as crowded as other bars such as Tao, Forty Duece, Pure, and Tangerine. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone who visits Las Vegas.	
Jan 30 2006 	Very Warm.....	The Artisan hotel and Spa was wonderful...The hotel staff was super friendly...A very warm design of colors and decor....Super clean, the pool cabanas were very nice...Thank you very much i had a great time. And i will be back by the next quarter....Ciao...	
Jan 29 2006	really enjoyed my stay...exactly what i was looking for	i have been to vegas a few times with friends during the past couple of years. usually, we're into the strip scene, but decided to do something different this time around and i'm happy that we did. this hotel is small and personal, with a really great vibe. the decor is classy and chic, yet the &quot;feel&quot; is very low key and comfortable. i really enjoyed the restaurant and bar and the hotel is so close to the strip for when we were in the mood for it. overall, a really great place to stay.	
Jan 25 2006	Great Escape from Typical Vegas	My girlfriend and I were looking for something in Las Vegas slightly different from the norm. She's really into upscale decor and unique atmospheres. I personally hate crowds and gambling, but I love places like Red Rock Canyon and Mount Charleston. We stumbled upon the Artisan and it satisfied both of our desires. We were off the strip (which I loved) but close enough to get there whenever we needed to. The ambience is different from anything I've ever seen before. You can spend hours checking out all of the artwork. The bar was my favorite place...they had outstanding food and I was able to have some drinks while watching football. We're coming back to Vegas in June and I can't wait to get to use the pool (it looks cool, but it's FREEZING in January). Overall, it's a really cool place that's a great alternative to typical Las Vegas.	
Jan 18 2006	rip off - They even charged me for the electricity!	I was very upset because they charged an additional $3.50 for electricity. Who charges electricty when you stay at a hotel. They also charged another $6.50 for parking. Every hotel on the strip has free parking.I only paid $49.00 and I was disappointed. The shower leaked all night and the toilet had problems flushing. I feel sorry for anybody who paid the regular $149.00 rate.The hotel is a three star, but very deceiving. It's a Travel Lodge that was converted. Therefore, there is only that much you can do to the place. They do offer valet parking and there is a restaraunt inside. However, when you walk outside, there is nothing near by but a strip joint. The hotel and rooms are dark and spooky. The reviews are interesting. If you notice the reviews, they either rate the hotel really good or really poor. The truth is, the really poor ratings are the real consumer. I am convinced that anybody who rates the hotel high is the owner of the hotel. Even the way it is written seems like it's the owner of the hotel writing it.The best thing about the hotel is that it's only 2 miles from the strip.	
Jan 15 2006	Best Birthday Weekend Ever	I came across the Artisan Hotels website while trying to look for a hotel to stay in Las Vegas. I saw all the pictures and thought this was the neatest place I have ever seen. After reading the write up that the Las Vegas Life magazine had done on their Lounge I knew that is where I wanted to celebrate my birthday this year. I booked my room right away so they wouldn't sell out because they only have 64 rooms. I am a huge W Hotel fan and I think this meets right up there with the cool amenities that they offer. Once you pull into the hotel you are greeted by valet to take your car. Once you walk in the ambiance takes your breath away. Sometimes pictures on a website can be deceiving but not this time. I could write on and on about my stay but I will leave it up to the next person to write their great experience at the Artisan. Needless to say i had the best birthday ever and I will be back soon.	
Jan 15 2006	Elegance	My stay at the Artisan Hotel was a memorable experience. The elegance of artwork everywhere makes it such a soothing and sensuel atmosphere. I also enjoyed their lounge, with a terrific staff that made me feel so welcome and comfortable. If you want to enjoy a fabulous ambience it's the place to stay.	
Jan 13 2006	the best!!!	I just got back from my stay at the artisan hotel and it was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in....The front desk was so kind and helpful. My room was gorgeous and so comfortable... The whole look of the hotel is really cool too. It has really beautiful art work and a big water fountain when you walk in. They also have a really cool pool outside with white cabanas that we hung out in at night. Their bar/dining area is great too. The food was great...loved everything I ordered. If you stay here you have to hang out at the bar...Great atmosphere with friendly bartenders. I will definitely stay here again when I visit vegas.	
Jan 11 2006	Misleading.....very disappointing	My husband and I were in Vegas for a week long pool tournament. We stayed at The Rivera and enjoyed our stay there but the tournament and related hotel rates didn't extend for the one more night we needed. We booked a room at Artisan through an online service for the final day . When we got to the Artisan to check in, they were rude at the desk and disputed the discounted rate we had already booked online. They wanted to charge us more. The lobby smelled bad but it looked interesting, it was decorated with antiques.The halls were decorated with art and it appeared to be a nice place after all....until we got into our room. What a nightmare!!!! The beds were old and had had springs poking you in the back. The room was incredibly noisy from the freeway right outside and the water was cold and barely came out the faucet. Bathing or taking a shower was next to impossible. It was the most miserable stay that I have ever experienced at a hotel. Too bad I now associate it with Vegas.	
Jan 10 2006	Avoid this place whatever you do!	This hotel is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in! It's basically an old Travelodge that has been renovated poorly. Extraordinary funky musky moldy smell throughout the facility. It's located right next to a major road so most of the rooms get alot of the road noise. Once we checked in, our room actually had recently been used and never cleaned. (My guess, judging by the neighborhood, is that it was rented for about an hour). It's right across from a gentlemens club which you can walk to if that's your gig. Bathrooms are very dingy. Shower curtain had a red mold growing on it. Food is also worthless. Hotel is not within walking distance of the strip. If your looking for a budget type hotel, anywhere but this rathole!	
Jan 6 2006	What a terrible hotel this is!	I could not believe I reserved and ever lived in this hotel. If you are crazy enough to destroy your trip and torture yourself, this is the one for you :)I lived there for terrible 4 nights and got the experience I never had any elsewhere:1. It was very noisy inside the room because the hotel is very close to the highway and its windows are sort of broken, so can barely block the noise coming from outside.2. It is located at a terrible street. The surrounding buildings are old and you can walk nowhere outside the hotel3. The front desk people were pretty bad and very lack of patience. And actually the front desk was always empty.4. Some scam is going on with this hotel as well. I booked the hotel for 5 nights via the lodging.com. But when I arrived there, I was told I only reserved for 4 night. So I left after 4 nights, but they still pre-charged me for 5 nights. When I called the hotel to claim and try to get the refund, they told me I lived there for 5 nights according to their record. But once I showed them the receipt they printed out during my check-out, they changed immediately and declared that I early checked out and had to pay for the night even I did not live there. Actually I was asked by them to check-out after living there for 4 nights. They simply don't admit that any more.	
Nov 17 2005	Double Fiasco booking the Artisan Hotel Spa through Hotels.com	Booking through hotels was a major fiasco unlike any experience we ever endured. Flight stop overs in Detroit in the middle of a raging blizzard and another one in Atlanta in the middle of flash flooding would be more pleasant. We booked with hotels for room with 2 double beds for the four of us. Check in was at 4pm but something told us to check in at 2:45. Yes that's right folks we checked in 1 whole hour and 15 minutes early yet our double bed room was unavailable and we were shoved into a room with one single king size bed. Where in the world did they think the other 2 people in our group would sleep ? The bathtub and the armchair ? Hotels claimed they would credit half of the amount for our trouble and extra expense to find alternative rooms for our party within our budget. They offered other hotels but at the last minute none of them were affordable. The alternative lodging hotels offered were out of our budget, or would cost us $175 to taxi in and out of the suburbs of Las Vegas during our stay, nor were there any affordable rates we could charge within our credit card limit. So half of our party had to stay in the scary Fremont District ( without hotels non help thank you very much ) Have you seen the crackheads wandering around that area ? Also hotels was supposed to include the &quot;electric surcharge&quot; with the bill. Yet the Artisan Hotel and Spa ( the spa ceased to exist yet ) charged an extra $20 to our credit card bill a month later. When we checked out we made sure the clerk knew we didn't raid the mini-bar of it's stale snacks. The clerk assured us the Artesan will not charge us anything as hotels will be charging for the bill. Well we were charged the original bill quote and we never received proper credit for half the hotels.com bill so yes we disputed both the hotels bill and the Artisan hotel electric surcharge since we were double billed for electricity and we had to book another hotel room for 2 people in our party. False advertisement. Also the dinner price for two they tout as a great deal at the Artesan is a joke. The meal means the same crappy choice of one of two pasta dish entrees served every night you paid. The salads are an extra $10 and the bottled waters are $5 a pop. That doesn't include tax or tip. One night we ordered two bottled waters with our &quot;paid&quot; entree and the additional dinner bill was totaled just a hair under $15. How is tax on two bottled waters at $5 a pop rated at over $4 ? We felt sorry for the wait staff and tipped graciiously. It's not their fault management misguides hotel guests through misleading advertising. If you are trying to book an affordable vacation through hotels heed our warning from one of the worst experiences ever. It is more affordable to eat at one of the casino buffets or a chain restaurant than to eat the overcooked creations the Artisan Hotel and Spa touts. We booked the Artisan Hotel Spa through hotels because we were on a budget. We ended up having to spend more because of hotels professional incompetence. Also the Artesan was not supposed to double charge us for the electric surcharge already included in our hotels bill. If you are trying to save money or vacation on a budget, booking the Artesan Hotel Spa through hotels will not save you money instead you will spend more money than you came to Vegas with ( be prepared to ask your charge card to extend your credit ) and that's just for a place to sleep.	
Nov 14 2005	Dark and old refurbished hotel	Hotel clerk was rude, not helpful. We had a room on the 4th floor and he recommended we park close to the side stairs. So we can haul our luggage 4 flights!Glad, I didn't listen to him and took the red lobby elevators. Got charged 3 days of $3.50 energy fee when I only stayed for 2 days. Complained and got it adjusted. Don't know why it wasn't included in the room rate.My fiance got a bad rash staying here. Don't know if it was the hotel bedding or the soap.Noisy close to freeway I-15, hard to get to, have to use Highland no direct access to Sahara.Creaking noises everywhere, popcorn ceilings, bathroom had slow drains, but hot water heated quickly. Shower head low flow type. Overall room was Dark, dark and the septic and airfresher smell was STRONG. Would not stay here again. Had a better time at the Renaissance for about the same price $109 per night.	
Nov 13 2005 	Stay Away	Do yourself a favor and stay away from this place. As you walk in, it takes a while for your eyes to adjust to the darkness. They are trying to hide something like mold. The whole place smells moldy and musty. The rooms were terrible. The hanging rack was not connected to the wall. The bathroom faucet would not shut off and the water ran all night. We were on the freeway side of the hotel and it sounded like a speedway. The rooms were not clean, there was several old pieces of pizza left in our room and one of the pillow cases had dried blood on it. Then to top it off, they charge you a $3.50 service charge, just because.	
Nov 10 2005	LOVED THE ARTISAN	My husband and I had a great stay at the The Artisan. The lobby was beautiful-so many gorgeous pieces of art! The hotel was so out of the ordinary. Even the pool-that wasn't quite finished- was so serene. The owner showed us around and we have been telling friends and family what a great place it was. We have traveled all over the US and Europe and this is by far one of the most interesting places we have stayed.	
Nov 9 2005 	Love The Artian	I was impressed with The Artisan and the way it made me feel that I was in a Romantic, Old World European Hotel.I spent hours roaming the lobby and hallways soaking in the marvelous works of art which are literally everywhere.The rooms are beautifully decorated, I loved everything about them, even the price.I travel frequently and have found few hotels that satisfy as well as The Artisan. I have told my friend and family about it enthusiastically and plan to stay there on my next trip to Las Vegas.	
Oct 31 2005	What a smell what a creepy lobby	We just got back from Vegas. We had our wedding in the chapel of the Artisan hotel. I have to tell you all the bad comments about this place are true. As soon as I walked in the door, I was hit by the smell. (I worked in a forensics lab so I know bad smells!) It was a combination of excessive air freshener and septic. The lobby was dark and gloomy. Here our wedding party is stumbling through the lobby trying to find the chapel. We asked the desk clerk (when we finally found one) where the chapel was and they replied - &quot;Are you guests at this hotel&quot;? Since when do we need to check-in to ask a question?Needless to say we canceled any plans of staying there. We were going to have drinks at the bar but instead fled for warmer surroundings.	
Oct 20 2005	1st Choice The Artisan	We would like to thank the staff and management of The Artisan for creating a most pleasant place to stay in Las Vegas. Over the last two years, we have stayed at various hotels both on and off the strip. We chose the Artisan about 7 months ago on a whim and we are very pleased with the choice we made. We stay in Las Vegas at least once a month and the Artisan is always our first choice. The rooms have always been clean, the staff pleasant and helpful, the prices very reasonable, and the ambiance of the hotel is very much to our liking. The bonus for us is that there is no casino to deal with. The real kicker is the ambiance. The art and decor of the hotel have always made us take our time to look at the way the lobby, rooms and hallways are just full of eclectic art works. As both of us are art photographers and appreciate art of all kinds, we have chosen The Artisan as our home when we visit Las Vegas.	
Oct 17 2005	Best Kept secret	This is a letter I wrote to the owners of the hotel.People, I'm telling ya this place is awsome!.I wanted to thank you and the hotel staff in writing about my stay at your hotel.As I said over the phone,I have just moved here from San Francisco.I love Vegas and I'll admit that staying in the big hotels was fun.A year ago.But I'm so over sleeping in what I call a mall style hotel.The Artisan is hands down my favorite place to stay in Vegas.I felt like I was transported back to SF and was having a drink with friends in a hotel on Nobb Hill.The style of the hotel blows the doors off anything the strip has to offer.I could care less about a 1500 room mega mall hotel.With all it's neon glitz and packed slot areas.I actually sat at the bar and had a real conversation with the other patrons and the bar tender.It was like being at home.But with just the right amount of class and decor to let me know this is a special place.I checked in on Friday night and was so touched by your staff and hotel.That I decided to check back in Sunday night.The Artisan is my new home away from home.I will make it a point to stay at least twice a month for sure.	
Oct 4 2005	Worst hotel!!!!	We lived here for 2 nights, starting Oct 1, 05. The restrooms were pathetic, - rusty faucets, dirty tub, no housekeeping!!!The room door didn’t work, customer service was really bad, front desk guy was rude.The pictures on the website of the restrooms do not match reality (at least in my room, I stayed on 3rd floor). The lobby stinks. The rooms are not well lit, in my rooms there were two small lamps, one of which wasn’t working!!! The room door won’t open/close properly (broken lock). I booked this via hotwire and that’s how I got into this mess!!! I have already complained to hotwire about this place. If you want to enjoy Vegas, DO NOT stay at this hotel.	
Sep 27 2005	run run run	this is a joke right?? nothing nice about this place, rude, rude, rude, dirty, dirty, dirty, no help at all!!! run	
Sep 21 2005	Liked the Artisan a lot	this hotel was very cool. it is so different from any hotel you have stayed at. yes at first it might seem spooky but then you get used to all of the paintings in the walls and on the celing. i had a great time and i will definitely book again. the bar was excellent as well.	
Sep 12 2005	Had A Wonderful Stay at The Artisan	My husband and I had a wonderful stay at The Artisan from the moment we walked into the beautiful lobby until we left. The decor is beautiful and different. We celebrated my birthday while there and I couldn't have felt more like a Queen. Thom, in the restaurant and Justin and Andrew, in the bar stood out particularly. They were friendly, professional and courteous. The food was outstanding and on Sunday there was a live Jazz band playing during the champagne brunch. If you are looking for the glitz and bright lights of &quot;the strip&quot; this is not the place for you. If, however, you want a nice, unique hotel off &quot;the beaten path&quot; I highly recommend The Artisan.	
Sep 9 2005	this place needs time to break itself in.....	First there is no spa...or pool. The front desk staff is VERY disorganized. No one knows what is going on. The only one that is truely friendly is Christian and a waiter. Everyone else seemed to be pissed to be at work. The rooms are right on the off ramp of the freeway. So if noise is a issue you wont be happy. The food in the resturant was average. The wine list has nothing to really offer. The art work and decor is amazing! Loved everything that is visual. I was a little afraid to leave our car in the parking lot since this is in a really bad area. I would never consider walking at night anywhere here, a cab would be your only way if you dont have a car. This place has really good bones, but needs LOTS of work! New staff that cares a completly operating spa and pool. If you want to adverstise gourmet food then it should be. Maybe with time this place will grow,, but for now outside of going in and looking around at all the great art and having one drink it may be a pass.	
Sep 6 2005	Beautiful art work in every room but........	My friends and I stayed in this hotel for the labor day weekend. The actual web site says that the spa will be open sep 1, and it wasnt what a dissapointment.Pros: beautiful art work in every roomclean bathroomsfully stocked with towels and etc..cozy bedsHBO on televisionCons: the freakin smell in the lobby (had to hold my breath when passing)Spa not available102 degrees in vegas and the pool is not functioning!!the gym? a bicycle and a set of weights --unbelievableNOT SO CLOSE TO THE STRIP LIKE THEY TOLD ME. WE HAD TO DRIVE TO THE STRIP.just make sure u call and ask if the spa and pool are open before you book your room here at the artisan....	
Aug 22 2005	Don't knock it till you try it!	My husband and I missed our flight and we unexpectedly had to book another night in Vegas. We were tired of being on the strip so I jumped on Expedia and found the Artisan. I am so glad we did!! The food was fantastic. The staff was very attentive, I even met the owner. You will have plenty of occassions in your life to stay in a Comfort Inn, but why not venture out and try something different. Besides being extemely affordable it is very comforable and I love the way it is decorated! The location is not in the heart of the Gambling district but sometimes that can wear on you.	
Aug 16 2005	Interesting Place	Unusual but interesting decor, very nice staff, little tough to get to the strip	
Aug 1 2005 	horrible horrible horrible	I wish that I had reviews on here before I booked. What a miserable place. Where do I begin? Basically, it's a dive that tried to give itself a facelift with the paint and art on the walls and the nicer furnishings in the room. But, an ugly, old lady is still and ugly old lady even with make-up and clothes on. The staff didn't seem to care one bit about the guests (except for a nice waiter with a sense of humor). The advertised thing about the free dinner for 2 was falsely advertised. I was told on the phone when I booked that I could have it as room service and then when I got there and tried to have it sent to my room they said they couldn't because it was the &quot;gourmet package.&quot; Plus, when I booked it, it said that there was a dessert with the dinner and was told there wasn't. When I arrived, I was handed a piece of paper that said I got a salad with the entre, but then when I tried to order on the phone, I was told salad wasn't included. And, SPA? You've got to be kidding me. There wasn't even water in the swiming pool. There was no hot water in my room one morning and hardly any water pressure throughout. It was such cheap, crummy place that there was no stoper in the bathroom sink and I had something fall down the drain not be retrieved,. Don't go to this place!!	
Jul 31 2005 	probably not	7/29/05 stay. The lobby of the hotel must also serve as a makeshift salon, for the smell that hit us as we entered the building was reminiscent of the chemicals used to bleach/color hair – very strong and rotten. Once you pass through the layer of stench, the air clears and your senses recoup. I must say that I enjoyed the decor of the lobby and the adjoining bar – the dark walls and ceiling are a break from the strip's flash and neon lights. You definitely want to relax here. It's a nice change.Upon check-in the front desk staff was friendly and helpful, though I must confirm the error that other reviewers have pointed out, that they fail to tell you (or point out the typed notice conveniently pushed off to the side) about the &quot;energy surcharge&quot; you will receive when upon check-out. They should really be forthcoming with this information. It's one of those small things that sticks in the customer's craw and gives them reason to write a hotel off.The rooms are nice and seemed pretty clean. Our in-room air conditioning unit had only two knobs and exposed electronics – no graphic guide to tell you what was on/off or how to adjust for AC/heat. The unit also seemed to lack a sensor – you either have to leave the AC on or off. This makes the energy surcharge a real insult. NOTE TO ARTISAN: Please purchase energy-efficient air conditioners and stop infuriating your customers with unnecessary fees.I was able to get a late check-out (for Artisan this is 11:30) no problem. Upon checking out, the woman at the front desk seemed to scowl at my questioning of the energy surcharge – she appeared well trained for battle against customers who question the extra $3.50. Overall, this place is fine if you need a roof over your head and are looking for something unique, but you must be prepared to be irked by the details.	
Jul 27 2005	what a bloody joke!!!!!!	First off as soon as you walk in this smelly place you know you are in for big trouble,the waitress antonette was very rude and smelled like booze along with sweat,very bad taste,we waited for are food for what seem like it was a life time,once we got are room it smelled and the sheets looked like they have never been change in a week, there was stuff all over the floor we took off are shoes off and are socks got all black yick!!!!!!! The good feed backs that are done here are from the owners so they can fool everyone in to coming here,DONT BE FOOLED!!!!!this place is not worth it the strip is a mile away and you can not walk,,,,,,,,beware,,,,,it's a bloody joke!!!!!and the kitchen/bar help smells.....	
Jul 24 2005	Worst Hotel we have ever stayed in!	This hotel was truely a nightmare. The description and pictures on the web ARE NOT REFLECTIVE OF WHAT YOU WILL BE GETTING. First of all the hotel is NOT 1 block from the strip, it is more than 1 mile and you really can not walk there as it is by an expressway &amp; there is a railroad in the way. If you stay at this hotel you will have to either rent a car or take taxis everywhere you go. The exterior of the Hotel is very retro looking, however upon entering it is very dark and there is a very stale, musty odor that permeates thru out the hotel - lobby, elevator &amp; rooms. The carpet in our room was so dirty and disgusting, on the last day my husband had already packed his sandals and walked from the bathroom barefoot to put on his shoes, I told him he would have to disinfect his feet upon returning home. The bathroom ceiling had mould growing on it - UGH!!! The sheets were rough, thin and pilling - I never used the pillow. The TV &amp; the hall light did not work, we reported it to the front desk, no attempt was ever made to fix them. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone that I know.	
Jul 12 2005	Energy Surcharge - Fraud!	On June 2, 2005, my family checked in at the Artisan Hotel in Las Vegas for an overnight stay. Our reservation was made through Expedia, and was paid through Expedia. Upon check in I gave the Artisan my credit card for “incidentals”. We had no incidental charges.Upon checkout they charged my card $3.50 for “energy surcharge”. I complained, but was told that it had been posted upon check in, and the clerk pointed to a placard (which had not been obvious, nor pointed out at check in).This is nothing more than the Artisan’s attempt at petty theft.Here are the facts:Nevada Power charges a base rate for energy which is regulated by the Public Service Commission, and applies a “Deferred Energy Accounting Adjustment” (DEAA), which is an adjustment allowed by the Public Service Commission to account for fluctuating energy charges. The adjustment can go up or down.The DEAA adjustment for Nevada Power Customers is posted at -----. For non-residential customers the adjustment was $0.00450 per kilowatt hour (kwh).Our room was a two-bed room. I did not look at the nameplate of the air conditioning unit, but I’m estimating it wouldn’t have been more than a 10,000 or 12,000 btuh unit. To be conservative, I looked up catalog data for a 14,000 btuh unit, 9.3 EER (which is not very efficient by today’s standards). That unit draws 6.3 amps at 230 volts, or 1.5 kw. Now add in a conservative estimate of 300 watts (0.3 kw) of lighting. Now assume that the air conditioning was operating full blast (not cycling) and all lights were on for 24 hours. Total energy consumption would have been 1.8 kw * 24 hours = 43.2 kwh. The energy adjustment, then, would have been 43.2 kwh * $.00450 = $0.19. NINTEEN CENTS! I assure you, the real energy use would have been less than half of that! First, we were only in the room overnight. Second, my energy use assumptions are well overblown - my A/C assumption is oversized, and the A/C did cycle, and we used only a fraction of the lighting assumed.So, then, Artisan’s “energy surcharge, is nothing more than a BIG CHEAT. No basis for it whatsoever.Other issues: The &quot;art&quot; (actually cheap prints) all over the hotel were mostly nudes - even in the guest rooms. Not something my teenagers needed to be exposed to. There was mold throughout the bath area - even covered the ceiling. The bath ran a steady stream of water. (Now, I'll bet THAT cost the Artisan more than ninteen cents!)	
Jun 12 2005	Artisian Spa-less	Upon arrival our first staff member we encountered who was unknowingly the owner, Mr. DaSilva. We had several passings with this man and if it weren't for the courteous staff and unique atmosphere we would have left immediately. We appreciated the early check-in due to a morning flight and the female at the front desk was quite friendly. The housekeeping staff was quiet in the mornings, very attentive to our needs, and our room was clean and comfortable. We stopped by the bar one evening and found the staff to be professional and pleasant. Mr. DaSilva could learn much about customer sevice from his employees as he is apparently lacking in this area. Smiles and acknowledgments go a long way.	
Jun 3 2005	Was I at the same place?!	After reading these reviews I was wondering about how it would be there, but we only stayed one night since we were headed elsewhere.Alright, this hotel is a little different but I wouldn't say it was bad. The theme is that there is art and candles all over, yes, it is dark- yet different... But the rooms were clean and very nicely decorated, including the bathroom. There were some negatives, such as the place is right on I-15, very LOUD, request a room on the other side. It is also not a very nice walk to the strip so don't do it...The restuarant is pretty good and good service too! Actually this place has some class unlike other establishments in Vegas-Enjoy and don't be afraid- its different!!!!!!	
May 29 2005	Worse hotel ever!!! Do Not Go There	Strange and horrible smell in the hotel,You can hardly see there is no lights in the main entrance only candles (it looks like a spirit/ devil place)there is no spa not even a swimming poolreally strange decoration with paiting and frames all over the walls After spending one night there we found out that the sheets haven't been changed.The Furnitures were broken we couldn't take any baththe room are noisy (located next to the motor way)DO NOT GO THERE	
May 13 2005	disappointing hotel	The hotel is advertised as a Spa and one block off the strip. Not true. The hotel is almost one mile off the strip, has no spa facilities or a pool. The lobby is so dark that you need a flash light to get around. The fake art on the walls is tacky. Also, the hotel is totally non-smoking so if you smoke, do not plan to stay here. The management and staff lack any customer service.	
May 9 2005 	Totally Disgusting	My first clue should have been the entrance canopy – 100+ bulbs with probably 10% burned out and another 10% totally missing. The whole place is dark and dingy – what are they hiding? Don’t ask! Carpets totally worn with numerous burn marks. They must paint with their eyes closed - prevalent black paint all over the place – including on the beige wall covering, grey baseboards, vinyl floor, green carpet, etc. Phone message light blinked for five days despite numerous assurances “maintenance” (what a misnomer!) would take care of it right away. Tissue dispenser empty for three days. Shower pressure totally pathetic. Blue carpet covering the bathroom floor where the pattern had worn off the vinyl had the same hairs on it when I left as it did when I arrived 5 days earlier – ugh! Formica drawer unit had the entire front edge chipped and broken away. The nude picture on the bedroom wall had the man’s genitals scratched off. They don’t mention the “energy surcharge” until you go to check out – didn’t that crisis end a couple of years ago? It has in every other hotel I stay at. Disinterested staff.This place should be an embarrassment to the lodging industry and to the city of Las Vegas. Booking agencies should do their clients a favor and take this off their lists. Stay away – you have been warned! Truly the most disgusting place I’ve ever stayed.	
Apr 26 2005	Don't be afraid to stay here	Who on earth is giving this hotel negative reviews? Are you kidding me? ARE YOU KIDDING ME? We HIGHLY recommend this hotel to everyone. It was exquisite !! We spent 5 fabulous nights there, and will definitely return.We arrived well after midnight, very fatigued after a long and stressful day of travelling. But the minute we pulled into the beautiful parking area of this hotel, we knew it was a special place. Walking through the magnificent doorway, we entered another world, aglow with the light from dozens of white candles, magnificent paintings, sculptures, and water fountains. Ethereal music was playing softly, and the scent was heavenly -- definitely aroma therapy !!! Instantly every trace of tension and fatigue left our bodies and we had an overwhelming sense of peace and well-being. The rooms were equally fabulous ! The beds were made up like works of art, with tons of decorative pillows, and soft chenille throw blankets draped over the stunning bedspreads. Big comfy chairs, a glass table with a silver tray for the glasses and ice bucket. The plush satiny carpet made us want to go barefoot !!! Nice oversized showerheads for long deluxe hot showers. Magnifying makeup/shaving mirror. Trust me --- everything in the room worked like a charm: the plumbing, the lights, the TV, the refrigerator, the heat, the A/C, the iron, the hair dryer. the key. Not a hint of a problem with anything. And, it's not just all for looks !! The beds and pillows were soooooo comfortable. The sheets were the softest ever and smelled so clean and fresh (all rooms are non-smoking) ! The towels and washcloths too--- so fluffy and soft, not like the typical &quot;sandpaper feeling&quot; towels you find in most hotels. The toiletries (soaps, shampoo, lotions) were imported from Australia !!!!The restaurant? You won't find more delicious food or a more intimate and inviting atmosphere anywhere in Las Vegas. And it's open 24 hours!!! Chef Franco's omlettes are to die for!! I'm not a coffee drinker, but my friend said it was the BEST !Like wine? FREE WINE TASTING every day at 4:30 for hotel guests !!!Need to go online? FREE internet access in the lobby, in a charming little office for hotel guests.The staff was great !!! Hotel guests are treated like royalty, with attention to every detail. Neither words nor photos can do justice to this incredible place. YOU HAVE TO SEE IT. We had friends staying at another hotel, and told them to come to see our hotel ! They were speechless. They had to admit, they've never seen anything like it !The location is so perfect --- right off Route 15, which parallels Las Vegas Blvd.I truly don't understand the negative reviews on this website. There is absolutely nothing negative we can say about it ---- and that's really rare !!	
Apr 13 2005	Not worth $29.	The only time worth spending there, is to eat and listen to the piano player. After that you should leave! Don't be fooled by the first floor, which was the only floor that was given any attention to. Should you not heed this warning, the smelly elevator will be the first indicator of many, to reveal that this &quot;hotel and spa&quot; is really not a &quot;hotel and spa&quot;. But never mind all of that. Hope that you never have to speak to the owner. He is rude and cares nothing about your stay, if you have already forked over your credit card. I hated the first night, but was told that i would have to pay the full amount anyway if i didn't stay for night two. The plumming is horrible. Unless you like showering in a pool of dirty water. The toilet backed up too. The hotel is located in a bad area and to make matters worse it is infested with strip clubs. Having said that, one would think that security would be the first thing the owner would invest in. Park at your own risk! You will not get a good nights rest, unless you are use to hearing police or emegency sirens. Food and entertainment is good, but who knows if they'll be back themselves. I wish i had read reviews before making reservations. I will not be returning there again. Not for any rate! Pay the same amount and stay anywhere else.	
Mar 30 2005	Not what it's pictured to be	This fairly new, boutique hotel is a great idea with its many paintings for sale displayed everywhere, lovely lobby and good location. Once you set your foot in the door the picture changes. The reception person took forever to acknowledge the new guest although there was no one else in sight. The room did not have enough light to read and the light to the entranceway did not work. There was not a soul in the restaurant at dinner time, was it open for business? No double panes in the windows resulting in noise from both freeways surrounding the property. The next morning's shower varied from tepid to cold. No place was available to have breakfast in the premises. When the daytime receptionist was informed of these difficulties, she was plain rude and uncaring. She did provide the name and phone of the Manager who arrives at 10:00 a.m. After five days, we are still waiting for him to return our call. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.	
Mar 25 2005	I was sad no it was SAD	We walked in it smelled really bad not only bad I was sick and had to get to a bath room. Only if the water worked, no water no good times at this hotel did not have a spa. And it was the nastyest place to be. They would not give me back my money and we were only there for five min.	
Mar 16 2005 	Great bartenders strange cover up odor	I stayed on business and wanted a place not infested with granmothers pumping nickels into slots 24 hours a day and decided to try this joint. I was happy with it's location as I was driving and it's not buried off the 15, easy in and out to all the places I had appointments. The bar was fine with me. Great pours and the bar staff gave more than a fast look in your direction. Christian on the desk was positive and helpful as well as Rosy and the night dude. My door card didn't work and it was fixed and apologies were given with realistic reasons. The housekeepers did fine cleaning as far as I could see. Oh, yeah, my toilet did run from time to time but it didn't keep me awake. Strip clubs? Hell, it's Las Vegas and they are everywhere, get over it or go to Utah.What was odd is that the place has these air scent sprayers all over the place. It gave me a headache the first night but after a week, I got used to it. Will I stay again? Sure. The staff was good/excellent and the condition of the building was in line with what I paid. I am a hotel service consultant and give the place good marks. I see that lots is still in the works and when it is finished, should be a ---- good value. The selection of scotch could be broader, travelling business/alcohol lovers like myself rely on this small luxury of life on the road.jb from SE Asia	
Mar 15 2005	Owners are Posting Positive Reviews...	...In A Desparate Attempt to Save this Dump It's the only explanation for the positive comments. They know they suck, and are doing anything they can to hide that. EVERYONE I saw at the front desk in my stay there was complaining about somthing. Broken showers, leaks, stained carpets - and stained mattresses! ewwwwwww!!!!!!! What a pit. What a mistake. When I expressed surprise that there was NO SPA, the manager on duty looked me right in the eye and said, &quot;When you made your reservation, did you *ask* if there was a spa?&quot; Absolutely a lice nest in the armpit of the strip. If you like dodging hookers and drug deals while getting to your room maybe this place is for you. Years ago, I stayed in the reclaimed holiday-inn-now-youth-hostel a bit further down the strip. THAT place was nicer than this. And only cost $15 a night (and had a pool party every night as I recall - oh yeah, that's another thing they don't tell you. Even the pool isn't open). STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 14 2005	False Advertising!!!!	We booked online and the ad said &quot;1 block from the Strip&quot;. Unbeknownst to us, it was 4 MILES from the Strip--according to the Front Desk Clerk. When asked why the ad's say &quot;1 block&quot;, the answer was, &quot;It's 1 block from the Sahara&quot;. I'm not sure if you have to go over I15 or through the power plant and past the homeless people on the corner, but we certainly were not going to walk as it did not appear to be a very safe area. As I15 is a major highway and our room faced it, unfortunately, the windows appeared to be open all the time because the glass was so thin. No noise whatsoever was reduced by the windows. It also had a smell in the lobby, something like a really sweet air freshener covering up a bad odour. The artwork in the lobby, which is very dark, is overdone and looks cheap. Most of the cab drivers had never heard of the Hotel until you explained where it was and they all said the same thing--&quot;Why would you stay there??&quot; Needless to say, after spending about $200 U.S. in cab fare to and from the Strip over a 4 day stay, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to go to the Hotels on the Strip--I would highly recommend staying in a somewhat more costly, but clean and convenient location on the Strip.	
Mar 9 2005	You'll Love the Romantic and unique Atmosphere	You will walk in the doors and say, &quot;Oh my God!&quot; I have never seen a hotel like this before! I have been to Vegas many times and decided to take a &quot;gamble&quot; and stay at this property since it is still &quot;unknown.&quot; It is the gem in the desert! The decor is amazing and inspiring. The food is phenominal. The service is a friendly welcome, sit in the lounge...I guarantee the oweners will come in and say Hi! The staff is very efficient! I reccomend this property to everyone. I am not picky traveler at all, so what I may say may not mean much to other travelers who are, but this property is worth seeing! I wish it received more praise! Very, Very glad I stayed at the Artisan!	
Mar 6 2005	WONDERFUL!	I don't understand the negative reviews... the hotel was a little dark, but that was the style. It was very artsy. Yes it was close to the freeway, but in my opinion the sound of an occasional loud car is better than hearing the &quot;ding ding&quot; of slot machines all night! The staff on-hand is FABULOUS. The waitresses are great (and Antinette does not deserve the bad review she got, she was 100% attentive to us!), the bartenders are friendly and professional at the same time (and Carey makes the best drinks!), and we had so much fun there we hung out with them every night we went on the town. They took the time to develop such personal relationships with everyone, I will stay here again FOR SURE! Hi to all of you great people who work there! -Cat from MI	
Mar 6 2005	The best hotel in Vegas	This was our first time in Vegas, and we've never felt so comfortable on vacation in our lives. We're from Vermont, so it takes a lot to make us feel comfortable anywhere, especially Vegas!! The employees made the experience complete for us. Service is the name of the game on vacation... right??? The food is fantastict, and only geting better. The free wine tastings are not to be missed, (sorry Carey!!) If you enjoy a great drink, you'll never be disappointed. If you love comfortable beds with infinate pillows, you'll be in heaven. From all of the bartenders, to the head server, to the handy man from NY, to the owners and the owners daughter (GM); without using names, they made our trip the ultimate vacation. We hope to return to Vegas soon so we can return to the Artisan... and see our new friends again. You'd be too lucky to stay in this amazing new hotel. You better check in while there is still room.And Go!Lots O' Love and we miss you!Shannon and Ryan, VT	
Mar 1 2005	Liars	This place is a joke! If you go to their website and click on reservations for the Masterpiece Suite the price will come up at $399.00 for one night (I checked on it for a Thursday night in April). However, when I called to confirm my reservation they said that the actual rate was $899.00 for that night. WHAT A SCAM! They said that the website price was wrong and they would not honor it. AVOID THIS PLACE!!!! THEY ARE VERY SHADY!!!	
Feb 16 2005	no complaints	food was excellent, food service average, bartender went out of her way to provide fast good service. beautiful decor. i'll be back soon!	
Feb 12 2005	great hotel -- creepy paintings!	i'm a local Las Vegas resident and decided to stay at the Artisan Hotel just to get out of the house. It was very cheap, and let me just say that i definitely got my money's worth. The lobby is absolutely GORGEOUS. There are paintings EVERYWHERE [even on the ceiling!] and the decor is very creative. The ambience is cozy and inviting with large, comfortable couches and coffee tables.. BUT -- the paintings start to get to you. Lots of them are VERY creepy -- especially the paintings in the rooms! There are paintings by the bed that seem to be staring right back at you. Or even walking down the hallways.. it feels like all the characters are following you with their eyes. And they're not pleasant pictures, either. There's paintings of ghosts and people dying and witches and just plain CREEPY images!... i paid for TWO nights but only stayed for ONE. 	
Feb 11 2005	What a joke	Stayed in mid January. I waited for quite a bit for frontdesk service to check in. The front desk clerk wasn't all to nice. Seemed like I was keeping them from something else.   The art throughout the hotel was ok, but it doesn't compensate for the overall experience. The room smelled musky and wasn't as clean as other hotel rooms I've have stayed at while in Vegas.  Went to the bar for a night cap after a night out on the strip. Seemed like a soap opera in the hotel as we watched a screaming match evolve into a fist fight that involved an Artisan employee fighting with some lady. Never experienced that before in any other hotel.  I like to try a different hotel everytime I visit Vegas, but this one has been the worst experience by far. All others have been pleasant to ok. This is one hotel I will never stay at again. 	
Jan 31 2005	Got married here in the chapel did not stay	I got married in The Artisan's Wedding Chapel on Friday, January 28th,2005. It was absolutely beautiful. I DID NOT go through the hotel to do the wedding, I went through The Wedding Company of Las Vegas (you can google them). I highly recommend this chapel - its very nice.....much better than any of the chapels on the strip, and if you go through The Wedding Company, you get great service! I don't know anything else about the hotel........My advice is get married here (through the wedding company) and stay elsewhere like I did (we stayed at The Venetian).	
Jan 22 2005	Disaster	I got in at 1 a.m. on a late arrival guarantee from Travelocity. When I went to the check in, I was told there were no rooms available and they had a few Expedia people that they said they had to also turn away because they never received their reservations either. When I asked to use the phone to call Travelocity, the clerk said &quot;I can't have you tying up my phone and sent me to the other side of the hotel to a coin telephone!&quot;After waiting on hold for Travelocity for an hour and 15 minutes, the girl called the hotel clerk directly then got back to me to tell me there was nothing they could do and that the clerk was very rude to her too.Seemed like they lose a lot of reservations from different companies and don't seem too worried about it. So if you want to get stranded at a hotel that doesn't honor the reservations nor try to help you get a room, then this is the place for you.AND if you want to wait a month to still not get a refund from Travelocity then use them as your booking company. YES_ I know that seems impossible but after many calls and e-maisl no refund yet for a room that Travelocity could not reserve for me.	
Jan 9 2005	Not recommended	I'd like to give this hotel 1 1/2 stars actually but I just can't bring myself to click on 'Okay' to summarize my stay. The overall experience considering the budget price isn't a TOTAL nightmare but this place definitely was a downside to my trip. The bathroom tiles were chipped, the room had a very strong and mysterious mineral-type odour that I wasn't very fond of, and the location is awful. It is understood that this place is off The Strip but you can't help but be disappointed that it's essentially locked in between highway roads in a pretty bad, industrial area. As a result, the significant extra money spent on cabs completely nullified whatever savings I may have gained. Staying at another hotel (even a more expensive one on The Strip) is just far much better of an option.	
Jan 4 2005	Renassiance Reborn	The Artisan Hotel is Las Vegas' newest best kept secret. As with any masterpiece an artist begins with a blank canvas and with diligent and delibrate brush strokes he creates a work art for all to enjoy. The owners of the Artisan Hotel &amp; Spa are doing just that! I stayed at the Artisan in the early stages of their remodeling and must say that I am extremely impressed with the results to date. There is more to come and it is a matter of being patient. In November 2004 I held a luncheon in the restaurant and Chef Franco prepared an exquisite menu for my guests. Each of the guests were amazed to see the wonderful works of art that were displayed and the magnificent Wedding Chapel. I highly recommend the Artisan Hotel for all your travel needs. The location of this non-gaming property is very convenient and accessible to all of the activities that are in Las Vegas.	
Nov 29 2004	HOTEL FROM HELL!!!!	I recently spent 3 of the most miserable nights of my life at the Artisan Hotel which I found out later was a &quot;converted&quot; TravelLodge.They describe themselves as &quot;Las Vegas' first small, luxurious, non-gaming, boutique hotel&quot;. I don't know what their definition of &quot;luxurious&quot; is however my definition doesn't include non-functioning toilets, electrical outlets and alarm clock. Nor do I suppose that it includes clothes iron burn marks in the carpet, dirty floors in the bedroom and bathroom areas. Speaking of the bathroom, itappears they hired a blind person to paint and clean it. The maid service was terrible - dirty glasses left on the dresser, no new bathmats provided. They say that they are &quot;conveniently located at I-15and Sahara Avenue&quot; which maybe the understatement of the century. The highway ramp is about 50 feet from the bedroom windows effectively creating the illusion that one is sleeping in the stands of a Nascar track. I complained to the front desk everyday that I was there, however my concerns were greeted with apathy and derision by the front desk staff. I left a message for the hotel manager, David Poire, the first day I was there which was never returned. Perhaps the most unbelievable and bizarre part of this ordeal was my dealings with the maintainence man. This man came to my room 3 times to address the issue of the noise and broken toilet and outlets. After reassuring me multiple times of the steps he would take to resolve these issues, he then would report to the front desk that nothing could be done. He even told them that he came to the room to perform the requested task of sealing the windows however he merely knocked on the door and then RAN AWAY. On that occasion, he reported that he talked to me when in reality he NEVER showed up. Perhaps he is mentally disabled or simply a pathological liar...I don't know.When I finally checked out, exhausted from sleep deprivation and late because the alarm clock doesn't work, NOTHING in the room had beenfixed. The toilet was still broken, the outlets still didn't work, the floors were still dirty and the inside of the room still sounded like a parking garage. I made one final appeal to the front desk requestingthat the owners, Ninette and Douglas DaSilva, contact me. I still never heard from either of them. What a suprise...	
Nov 26 2004	Loved the Artisan	This was my second stay at the Artisan and this time I was in one of the newly remodeled suites. I had the masterpiece suite which must be over 1000 square feet and has Michaelangelo artwork everywhere. Also, it has 2 large plasma tvs a pool table with leopard sides, animal skin chairs, bronze statues and so much more that it is hard to describe. This is the most amazing room I have ever seen (including on tv). I plan on staying here again and again, as this is the most unique hotel in the world. P.S. The Italian chef is very cute.	
Sep 21 2004	Cheap but don't expect to walk to The Strip from here...	Stayed here for two nights recently for a very cheap rate at the weekend. First impressions were not good. The hotel is stuck between the Freeway and railway tracks with several Gentleman's clubs for neighbours. Lobby is smart if a little OTT. Our room was just about adequate but dated and shabby round the edges. How can you call a place a Spa when you don't have a pool or a spa??? Waited over a hour each time we needed a cab so by the time we added taxi fares and wait times it would have been cheaper to stay on the strip. Don't be fooled by their map you cannot walk to the strip from this Hotel unless you like dodging 65mph traffic. All in all I wouldn't stay here again.	
Aug 9 2004	Great Quiet Relaxing	This hotel was a great change of pace. We got to go and play, hear the noise from the hustle and bustle of the city and then come back to our hotel &amp; room to relax. I loved all the funky artwork around the hotel and would definitely stay there. The price was great and we were pleasantly surprised.	
Jul 20 2004	I love this hotel!	This hotel was exactly what I was looking for. It's a bit funky with a really fun, eclectic decor. True, the rooms could be updated a bit. It may not have the glitz and glamour one expects in Las Vegas, but since I was here for a business convention I wanted quiet comfort. That's exactly what I found. I'm a very light sleeper, and I slept better here than any hotel in memory. It was quiet. I also found the service outstanding. Everyone was not only helpful, but very friendly. Room service, and everything else I asked for was delivered very quickly. I loved it, and when I go back for pleasure, this is where I'll stay, away from the smoke-filled, noisy casino hotels which are only a very short distance away.	
Jul 2 2004	Totally Horrified	When we arrived at the hotel and entered the lobby we thought the lobby was nice, but then we entered the elevator and everything went down hill from there. When we entered our room (401) my first thought was that the room had not been cleaned. The bathroom was filthy. The bathtub was stained, chipped, and contained rust spots. The toilet paper holder looked as though it had not been wiped down in months, and the rolls of paper on the holder were used. The toilet did not flush properly and wouldn't stop running. The room was supposed to be a non-smoking room, but had a distinct odor, which left our belongings smelling like the room (not good). We had a king sized bed that was so broken down and sagging in the middle, I think a hammock tied between two trees would have been more comfortable. I can't even begin to describe the condition of the carpet. If we were going to have been in town an additional night, I would have cancelled the rest of my stay and found another hotel.	
May 27 2004	Bad rooms and rude desk clerk	If the owner spent as much time and money on the rooms as he does on the lobby, the hotel would be a hit. As it is, I wouldn't stay there again if it was free. No matter how much the maids clean the rooms, there is no way to clean a stained carpet or peeling tile in the bathroom. I feel sorry for the staff, who are very accomodating and willing to go out of their way for you, they have to hear how unhappy we guests are with the raggedy rooms. With the exception of a desk clerk named Rosy, who was just plain rude, the employees of the Artisan are the best thing about the hotel.	
May 9 2004	Better than reviews suggest but not luxurious	We paid very little for the room and after reading the reviews I was really worried. Shouldn't have been. I thought the lobby was pleasant, although I called several times and was told the pool and spa would be open by the time I arrived, it was not. It probably won't be for a long time. If they extend the renovations they are making in the lobby to the rooms it will be very nice. Right now the rooms are along the lines of a nice motel six. Technically the hotel is a block away from the strip, but you CANNOT walk there. There are railroad tracks and no sidewalks. Keep in mind cabfare....we went cheap by taking a cab to Circus Circus and then walking or taking a day bus pass from there. I had no problem with room service or the cleaning of my room, but then again we tipped well. The lounge was VERY nice. We were not expected that for the price we paid. It was nice to have no &quot;ding,ding,dinging.&quot; That said, while it was a nice experience (probably because we expected worse) we will probably stay on the strip for convenience (and to have a pool and spa) in the future. If you're there on business this may be a very pleasant place to stay.	
May 4 2004	Bad bad bad bad	Everything was horrible. They call it a spa, yet there is NO spa. Toliet leaked the entire time, they came to fix it everyday, yet it was never fixed!! They came unannounced into our room at 7:45am!! DON'T waste your money!!!	
Apr 15 2004	Awful and Filthy	This was by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Had it not been so late when I checked in I would have immediately checked out. Floor had clearly not been vacuumed and carpet had obviously ground in dirt. Did not use the bathtub as it had not been cleaned and slept fully clothed on top of the bed after taking one look at the linens. Old, chewed wad of gum on arm of one of the chairs. Toilet periodically ran, stopped, ran again. Hallways, lobby and elevator were equally filthy. Called room service, never received order. Checked out next day instead of staying three nights as planned even though room was booked as part of pre-paid package.	
Mar 29 2004	Wasn't that bad	We booked our trip through Expedia and it was flight and hotel combined. We had never heard of the Artisan and figured it wasn't too far away from where we needed to be. After we booked it, we read all the reviews and kinda freaked. Well, it wasn't that bad. The lobby is all in black and is always dark, but that is just their decor. I didn't see that much freaky artwork. We were on the 5th floor and saw no artwork. But I think they were in the process of changing things. Our floor wasn't slanted, or if it was, we sure didn't notice. As for water pressure, I WISH I had that water pressure at home. I didn't notice cigarette burns in the carpet, but then again, I wasn't looking for any. It was clean and bed was comfortable. If you are used to staying at the Bellagio, then this sure isn't your place. If you are used to Holiday Inn, Travelodge or the like, then you will not be dissatisfied. I will note, it is NOT a block from the strip or 1 mile from the convention center. You will need to take a taxi to the strip. One piece of advice, book your hotel accomodations seperate. Call the hotels straight because we found out some had better deals had we called them directly.	
Mar 15 2004	Don't Freak Out!	Okay, I read all the reviews before we visited and we were scared...It was not the nicest hotel that we ever stayed in but it was FINE. The rooms were clean and housekeeping was timely everyday (we stayed 3 days) The hotel is dark....lots of remodeling going on...bar and resturant were expensive but helpful with our needs. We had two children with us and the felt safe in the hotel. You can walk to Palace Station and hop their shuttles to airport and strip locations. Cab fare from upper strip (Riviera, Circus,Circus) is $6.00 to $7.00. If you are looking for elegant...stay elsewhere. If you are looking for a budget, decent room this is a fine place to stay.	
Mar 12 2004	Run For the Hills	I don't know who wrote the positive reviews but it is obvious that they did not stay at this hotel. I tend to agree with the other review (the positive reviews must be from empolyees). This hotel was by far the WORST I have ever visited. I did not get much sleep my first night becaue the toilet kept running. I had towels but they had an odor that was not from fabric softner or detergent. And don't even mentioin the condition of the room. It was terrible. I left after the first night and stayed else where. Do not waist your time or money staying here.	
Feb 17 2004	An Unbelievably Terrible Experience	This was the worst hotel experience I have ever had. At times it felt more like the Twilight Zone. From the minute you walk in the door you will realize you made a mistake. There is no spa. Don't be fooled by their claim that there is. The closest thing to a spa you'll find is the leaky showerhead that is 6 inches below the top of your head in your shower. Their statement that &quot;the guest rooms are tastefully decorated with oil paintings&quot; is true if you consider a framed reproduction of a bird eating one man and pooping another, while a third man vomits undreneath and a fourth man has birds flying out of his anus is tasteful. That's what we fell asleep to every night. A few other details... There is no restaurant unless you consider 4 tables with a rope around them in the middle of the lobby a restaurant. (In fact we sat down to breakfast there the first morning and eventually someone walked though and asked us if we wanted to eat. We ordered drinks, coffee and water, and they never returned) There are no washcloths in the whole building we asked several times and couldn't get any the entire weekend. The staff was rude from the first 5 minutes to the very end. None of the cab drivers have ever heard of the place so its up to you to get them there and the only thing within walking distance to the Artisan is a nasty 700 strip club. Just take my word for it and don't stay there!	
Feb 13 2004	Run for your life!	The positive reviews of this hotel are fake. They have to be written by the staff.The place is scary and DIRTY, DIRTY, DIRTY. I was afraid to crawl into bed the place was so filthy.It is so loud you can't sleep. The cook didn't show up for work so the restaurant wasn't open...at all...the whole day!! Had to walk 12 blocks for food. Did I mention how DIRTY it was?If you mention problems to the staff, they WILL NOT respond...they don't care!Run for your life if you are anywhere near here!!!!	
Jan 20 2004	A fine alternative.	Over the Christmas Holidays, we stayed here. After reading some of the reviews, I was a bit apprehensive. I found I had no reason to be!The hotel, while not luxurious, is a fine facility. Yes, there are a few problems (I would have liked a bit more water pressure on the 4th floor,) but it is clean and quite serviceable. The main problem, in my mind, is that it's four blocks off the strip, and the road patterns don't allow for exactly easy access. But it's a fine low-cost alternative for Las Vegas.	
Jan 15 2004	Don't believe the positive comments!		
Jan 8 2004	Neat littel hotel		
Dec 30 2003	Great Hotel		
Oct 22 2003	bad art reproductions on top of it all		
Oct 6 2003	Please DO NOT Consider this awful place!		
Sep 29 2003	Checked In and Checked Out!!		
Aug 12 2003	No relaxation at this spa		
Jun 7 2003	Not up to par		
