Nov 19 2009 	Home away from home	Stayed at the Cancun for 3 days as the kids were nagging us to see Hoover Dam. Was surprised of the quality of the rooms. When I booked the room through hotels.com it stated that the room would sleep five when in actually it only sleeps 4 noting one room has a king size bed and a queen bed with no sleeper sofer. The room was clean and modern with huge spa baths adjoined to each room. My biggest gripe was that there was no free wireless internet and was expensive at $9.95 per day. Great pool facility with waterslide for the kids. Beds were clean and comfortable with each room having a tv which was good for the kids. Free Shuttle bus to the strip was also very handy. Would stay here again. Staff were very courteous and frendly.	
Nov 17 2009 	a pleasent stay at Cancun Resort ( a time share)	my husband and i checked in on a tuesday evening- the room was nice- king sized bed and tv in bedroom / a couch that pulls out and a chair and tv in livingroom- a dinning table for 4 &amp; a full kitchen- stove, dishwasher, microwave, full size fridge. we had two bathrooms- one off the livingroom- with a stand up shower and sink and toilet- the bigger bathroom was off the bedroom it had a two sinks, toilet and huge jetted tub for 2. everything was clean and tiddy except the carpet had stains in more than a few places throughout the villa. It was too cold to swim when we were there - but the pool looked beautiful from our balcony.i do have a suggestion for any single travelers- i would request to be in the main building - no one is at the doors in the parking garadges and we had a problem with a man pulling the door out of our hands cause he didn't have a room key and then proceeded to yell and act beligerant! security was called and never came- i went the next morning to complain that no one even took a reoport about this&lt;Security was a joke- they didn't seam at all concerned and said i could fill out a report if i wanted to.this was free to us --as sister used her points- they tried to get us to listen to the time share pitch- but we declined!!!! sister joined us for a few days- she wasn't pleased with a few things as well. over all - a clean decent place to stay- way too far from all the fun. if you want it quiet and away from the action- then this is the place- but you couldn't pay me to stay there if i didn't have a rental car. the shuttle is a joke AND stops at midnight- and a cab four miles from mandalay bay- is Ridiculous!!!also they require a $100 deposit for god only knows what!	
Nov 16 2009 	A Home away from home!!!	Beautiful Resort to stay in!! I really felt as if i was in CanCun, the pool is huge &amp; so nice, My room was almost the size of my house. I love the Comfortable bed, huge bathroom, very nicely decorated, calm/relaxing environment, &amp; excellent price. Absolutely loved it &amp; will definitly stay there again!!	
Nov 8 2009 	Great Place to Stay	Stayed at this hotel fo 2 days and had a great experience. The staff was friendly and helpful all around. The room was in great shape, clean and comfortable and spacious with a view of The Las Vegas Strip (albeit off in the distance)The location about 3 miles from the Stirp was great for my family away from the hustle of LV. Restaurants, shopping (Oulet Mall and Groceries) close . Courtesy shuffle to The Strip was convenientThe resort is themed like a Mexican Resort and was impressive.Parking garage was locked at night and felt very secureFree internet would have been a bonus. Wireless is available but cost of $9.95 per 24 hrsIf you are looking for a comfortable place to stay in Vegas THIS IS THE PLACE	
Oct 28 2009 	Great Resort	We had a two bedroom two bath suite. This was fabulous for us - had a balcony, full kitchen, etc. Parking was a little difficult for those renting vehicles. The rooms are comfortable, well appointed. If you are looking for luxury and on the strip this is not it. It is up the strip a little away from the hussle and bussle. We did have a few issues with our room, but maintenance took care of it nearly immediately. Kitchen was a bit small but this suited what we wanted. A fabulous pool, some relaxation and close enough to the strip. You have to get to the pool early if you want a floaty - or cut a deal with someone to have theirs when they are done. Noodles are a plenty also. They have waterslides, pleasant music near the pool - did I mention the pool is spectacularly clean!! Great place for friends getaway, family trip, etc.	
Oct 24 2009 	So glad we didn't stay on the strip lovely rooms great pool	After seeing the hotels with casinos on the strip and the amount of walking and vast lobbies we were so glad we stayed at the Cancun, which was so quiet, with lovely rooms a fantastic pool and parking convenient to each room. We liked it so much we returned for another 4 nights later in our holiday. The staff were friendly, the room was delightful and the beds comfortable. We had a small apartment (termed a villa), We had a central dining area with small kitchenette off. The small lounge area had a very comfy fold out queen bed for our son and he had his own bathroom whilst next door we had a nice spacious feeling master bedroom with a huge his and hers bathroom with ample spa bath. All in all we felt it a home from home and a retreat from a trip to the strip! We used the shuttle and also drove our car into the strip using I15 and found it easy to park in the casino parking. Across the road from the hotel is a good selection of eating places - much cheaper than the strip, plus a useful food store, gas station and pharmacy -- everything you could need. Recommend Outback Steakhouse, and IHOP for breakfast.	
Oct 14 2009 	Not too bad...........	Before we went to the Cancun resort we read here how unfriendly the staff was, we didn't run into that at all. They were courteous and helpful at check in and assisted us with printing our boarding passes before we left. The condos themselves, at least the two bedroom we had, are smaller than the other condos where we have stayed. It was very clean though and quiet. But then this is Vegas and how much time are you going to be at your condo. The pool was absolutely beautiful but we couldn't figure out while the temperatures were in the mid 90's to low 100's the water felt as if it were about 60 degrees. We were not the only ones that thought the water was too cold. A couple of nights we did hear a few people that had been celebrating a little too much as they returned but only lasted a couple of minutes, and not that long after we returned for the evening. The resort is less than 10 minutes from the strip, we didn't use the shuttle at all and found that if you use back streets you can get to some of the parking decks at the casinos without having to deal with all the traffic of the strip. If you want to get away from all the glitz and glamour of the strip take a trip up to Freemont Street. Its old Vegas and is much more laid back than the strip and found it to be a pleasant change. Overall it is a nice resort and would return here again if we ever travel to Vegas again.	
Sep 30 2009 	Very nice resort	My husband and I went to this resort last week-9/25. We booked a room through our timeshare and also got one for two of our friends. The rooms were spectacular and the beds were even better! All four of us raved about the beds. The rooms each had kitchens, 2 bathrooms, and the living room can be closed off to make a second bedroom. The pool was great too, although we were so busy we barely spent any time in it, except to try out the waterslides, which were awesome. The only downfall is that the hotel is about 3 miles from the strip. they advertise a shuttle, but it is VERY unreliable, and it only runs from 12-12. I would just rent a car next time. I will definately be back to the CANCUN RESORT!!!	
Sep 17 2009 	Nice resort	We were in Vegas for my daughter's wedding the week of 9/6-9/13. I own a timeshare at Polo Towers but since they were full for the time I needed, I was able to exchange a banked week for my Mom and two brothers for the Cancun resort.While it quite a ways from the strip, it worked for us since I rented a car for the week. I don't know how people do it otherwise!We got a two bedroom, two bath unit on the 5th floor. Love the unit and the view of the mountains. Very happy with the resort all in all.We spent more time at the pool than I thought we would. The drinks were not too expensive considering what they charge on the strip. One vodka tonic was $5.50, but I WAS charged a $3.00 &quot;up charge&quot;. What the heck?The restaurant food needs revamping, in a big way. They are seriously missing a great opportunity here. Someone from this resport should spend a few day in Mexico and see how they treat their guests and what kind of food/drinks they are serving. My goodness....It would be great to have fish taco's, tropical salads, fresh fruit &amp; cheese platters offered to guests as they lounge around the pool. Why isn't anyone walking around the pool offering guests signature drinks. Lovely tropical drinks would be delightful. Instead, they had bar food fare; wings, french fries, nachos. The only thing I could find on the menu that wasn't fried was a turkey sandwich, and it was good.We own three timeshares and are able to move them (exchange) to various places all the time. Never ever have we been charged anything anywhere we have stayed. Only this resort charged us a $6.93 daily &quot;Accommodation Tax&quot;. Weird.To leave this review on a possitive note, the property and the unit was very clean and spacious. Yes, the kitchen is rather small, but still functional.	
Sep 3 2009 	Clean resort but would rather be closer to strip.	We purchased the timeshare from a friend who very nicely traded her timeshare in New Hampshire for the one at Cancun Resort. None of us had ever stayed here before, and were pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness and look of the hotel. We also liked the rooms and our view of the strip. However, if you are not traveling with kids, this may not be the place for you. Lots of rules, like only 1 float per room (there were 4 adults in our room), having to show ID to get horseshoe stuff. You are also charged $30 per week for wifi, which was unexpected. The biggest negative for us, however, was that the shuttle to the strip only ran from 12pm to 12am, so the free shuttle wasn't exactly operating at prime times. In the future, I would stay on the strip, even if I had to pay extra.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great resort near the Las Vegas Strip!	Stayed the weekend here at the Cancun Resort before school started for the kids. There is nothing bad you can say about the hotel itself. The one bedroom villa was very clean (except for the fact that there was a couple of sunflower seeds near the balcony), pool area is very nice, and open amenities and lobby are nicely put together and clean. The only problem is that the pool staff later at night were not very friendly. Seeing as how it was almost 10pm closing maybe they just wanted to go home. Housekeeping staff were also a little loud while in the elevator with them, and one housekeeper was painting her nails in the elevator! Another problem that I found at the resort is that it is not very kid friendly. The Caribe Lounge did not except minors into the restaurant so we couldn't eat their and were told to eat somewhere else. Also there was no free internet which was a big dissapointment! *** Big thank you to Michael at the Concierge desk! By attending the owners meeting we were given 4 complementary tickets to Steve Wyrick's magic show which was a fabulous show. We were given great seats and moved up toward the front a little too!Will stay again!	
Aug 17 2009 	Incredible pool terrific rooms nice facilities	We planned to stay only two nights but enjoyed this hotel so much my wife and I called-in-sick to work to stay an extra night! We had a 1-bedroom unit. It was in excellent condition (new), nice furniture, well-stocked kitchen, large master bath, very very clean. The whole place smells good (which is important if you ever stayed in a place that smells funky).Our favorite part of the hotel was the pools. The pools themselves are large, complete with a waterfall you can swim under and waterslides. We especially appreciated the numerous lifeguards on duty who keep the kids from getting too crazy and keep everyone safe. There's also a very nice gameroom with 4 pool tables, some kids games, and an activity daycare center for kids.Close to restaurants, CVS pharmacy but a few miles from the strip so it's nice and quiet.The only bad thing about the stay was being asked to attend a timeshare presentation.We'll return to this hotel!P.S. Check out the Pinhall Hall of Fame in Vegas if you're into pinball! All the vintage machines are there and you play them for a quarter!	
Aug 10 2009 	Excellent mini vacation	The resort is excellent, with only one negative comment which I will address first. They offer a complimentary shuttle to the strip. Hours of operation is good, but the van is to small considering the # of owners and guest that use the service. Plus vans are up in age and should be replace with buses. We stayed in the penthouse, which speaks for itself, we have taken our grand kids on several occasions, and the first thing they want to do is rant and rave to their parents about how good the activities and wonderful the big rooms. The staff and housekeepingwas much more than I expected. Did not see any sales staff, which was a real plus this time. The grounds of the resort are well maintained. Would highly recommend this resort, and would come back here again and again.	
Jun 30 2009 	unfriendly front desk personnel	We are owners at this place so when we got there, the (obnoxious) front desk people told us that our rooms weren't ready. (check in is at 4:00 and it was past , close to 5:00) the lady did not apologized and did not care to please us in any way. So we waited over two hours...We asked for a key to the pool (at least the kids could get wet while we waited) They finally gave us one of the rooms, except the penthouse and the other room, so when they finally informed us that the room was ready, i went to get the key. The lady wanted to see an i.d. ( are you serious?) did not bring one with me it was in the car... She refused to give me the key. After the two hours, you'd think they'd be more friendly, at at least understanding...Nope, i asked to speak to a supervisor, and he too was an a...hole. After what it seemed an eternity, he asked for several personal information and reluctantly gave me the keys...the next day i needed to print something out from the place they have and on the computer it said i needed to buy a card from the front desk... so here we go again... all i needed to know was the minimum of minutes i needed to buy to use the internet okay? So one of the clerks is on the phone and I stood in front of her to ask her the question-nothing. A gentleman came over and called the next person in line, I approached him and said, &quot;i just have a quick question&quot; and he said &quot; There is a line&quot; . Yes, there was a line, but they all had cards, as if they were ready to check out. I left.	
Jun 28 2009 	Wished it was closer to the Strip	We exchanged one of our timeshare weeks for this resort. Rooms are great though kitchen is a little small. Very clean and bed was very comfortable. TVs in main room and bedroom are kind of small. I needed internet which you have to pay $ 30.00 per week for. The pool was great and water very refreshing after laying in hot sun. Our kids (tweens) only used the water slides once which surpised me. At the towel hut you can check out a float for the pool at no cost which is nice. Lounge chairs under the umbrellas or palms trees are in high demand. We had an &quot;owner&quot; accuse us of moving his towels from the lounges after we had been sitting there for over 1 1/2 hours. I guess owners/guests rush down at 8:00 am and put towels on the lounges they want to &quot;reserve&quot; and then come down whenever they want to. We hadn't moved his towels but offered to move down but he turned really ugly and thank goodness he decided to move somewhere else. Later his wife walked by and made a snide comment to my husband in front of our kids. That experience really turned us off. We have never encountered someone like that on vacation. My husband and kids ate at the restaurant and said it was &quot;okay&quot; but overpriced. I thought we would utilize the kitchen but other than using the refrigerator for leftovers and making toast a few morning we didn't use the kitchen. We didn't use the shuttle because we like to be able to come and go as we please. Normally we stay in a hotel on the strip but decided to try a timeshare away from the strip. It didn't work for us. The kids really like being on the strip and because hotel rooms are so reasonable next time we will just stay on the strip. There were a lot of families with small children and I think this resort works great for them.	
Jun 24 2009 	Good Stay	I recently returned from a trip to Las Vegas and my husband and I stayed at the Cancun Resort. Let me start with the grounds. It's a beautiful hotel and a very nice layout. It's located about 3.5 miles south of the strip and there is a shuttle that will take you to the Tropicana and back, but that ends at 12midnight. There was only one shuttle running and sometimes depending on traffic it was better to drive down yourself. If this is an issue I recommend you not stay here.  Our room was wonderful. The apholstery is a little outdated but we don't go to stay in the room so I don't worry too much. There was a kitchen, stove and all the necesities for those that want to eat in to save money. There are two bathrooms, and a whirlpool tub in the master bathroom. DON'T expepect housekeeping to come in every day. I didn't realize that when we booked but since we didn't need much we didn't really care. It's in their manual but I had overlooked it-no big deal to us. The pool is awesome and a great place to hang out for the day. Get there early if you want a great spot but there were plenty of lounge chairs during our visit. We visited the lounge and the food is ok for the price. The cafe was closed when we wanted to visit for breakfast but they recomended the lounge so that's where we ate. We were not harrased by the timeshare people. I didn't even see anyone there-however they are all over on the strip. Overall a great stay would do it again-next time we're bringing the kids.	
Jun 9 2009 	Very nice stay	Our stay was arranged by friends who own the time share. We were checked in efficiently by the friendly staff and were surprised to find that our friends were kind enough to book us a penthouse! It was large and top-notch, very clean (spotless, in fact except for the coffee maker which still had a used filter in it - okay, that's a small thing and easy to overlook). Most importantly, the beds were very comfortable and the place was dead quiet, probably the quietest hotel room I ever stayed in -- and that is saying something! That's mainly because you can't slam a door if you wanted - they have a mechanism that doesn't allow the door to slam. Now why don't ALL hotels have that!!!The pool was beautiful and perfect for swimming. We loved going under the waterfall and I even went on the water slides and I am not exactly a spring chicken.We didn't eat there, so I can't comment on the food or the room service. And since we didn't pay ourselves, I have to skip the &quot;value' rating.I really can't fault anything except the location because it is 2 miles south of Mandalay Bay, but it is normally a quick drive on the expressway to where the action is, and it has a very convenient exit at Blue Diamond Road.	
Jun 7 2009 	Shouldn't you get BETTER service than the average hotel if you pay 10k?	Overall I was fairly disappointed in the Cancun resort. There were a few positive things I can say but they were mostly overshadowed by the poor attitude of the front desk staff.PROS:Location - Close to the strip but far enough away that it's not so busy and loudPool - Beautiful pool area. We didn't utilize it while we were there but it was obviously popular.Room Service - I was very pleased by how affordable this option was and the two times we did order it the food arrived in a very timely manner. Shuttle Hours - Your in Las Vegas .. the strip is why many, many people come - your shuttle should run past 12AM. It would also be nice if they had 1-2 more stops. Perhaps one in the middle or one at the other end of the strip. It's quite a hike in the midday heat.Bathrooms - We liked that our room had 2 bathrooms. One in the Master Bedroom with a shower over a jacuzzi tub, and another off of the living room with just a shower. It makes it great if your traveling with friends you don't want coming through your bedroom in the middle of the night to go to the restroom.CONS:Staff - The staff in general was my biggest complaint. I work for Marriott and in the hospitality industry so I know what I'm looking for service wise - this staff didn't have it. Half the time they passed us off to the concierge who then told us to go ask the front desk. The morning before we left I had 2-3 things to ask the desk agent. Between each of the items (may I have an envelope, may I buy a stamp, can you make this and my Netflix please) the agent left me and went behind a door to continue her conversation with another staff member. The only POSITIVE staff I had interation with was the shuttle staff.Shuttle - It was a good to have the option but could be improved.Room - Kitchen should be larger. Compared to the kitchen at our home resort in Lake Tahoe it was like cooking in a closet.Housekeeping - On the day they were to service our room they knocked, we answered and asked them to return in 5 minutes so we could put on shoes etc. etc to go out while she cleaned. She said ok but when we returned after driving around for 1 1/2 hours our room still wasn't cleaned. I called the housekeeping manager and explained and told them to forget servicing the room as we were checking out 2 days early. 5 minutes later the girl arrived with her cart again to clean the room.We are returning to Vegas in March of 2010 for my 30th birthday but I'll pay to stay on the Strip instead of wasting another timeshare week. One would think that you would get BETTER service than the average hotel considering what you fork over to purchase a timeshare.	
Jun 1 2009 	Worst hotel experience of my life! If I could give it a negative number I would!	Let me just start by saying this trip was supposed to be one to celebrate my husbands birthday (last year he was serving in Iraq for his birthday), a getaway to make up for the honeymoon we never got and a time to meet up with my extended family (including my brother who left to deploy the day after we got back). We were very much looking forward to this trip. We were staying in a two bedroom with a pullout couch with a total of three couples arriving at three different times. Arrangements had been made by my cousin (the timeshare holder) for this resort to be in my name so we could check in a day earlier than she and her spouse. Upon arrival, the hotel could not find our reservation. It took them 30 mins and lots of us and them calling around to find it. Once they finally did we were let into our room. After running around and finally getting settled in my husband and I decided to sit down and have a nice quiet night and watch a movie. We first noticed buttons were missing off the actual tv but didn't think much of it. But then when I went to pick up the remote, the batteries flew across the room because there was no back on it! I decided it wasn't that big of a deal and went on. We then proceeded to try to watch a movie only to find the dvd player was broken and making a huge loud popping noise. We called the front desk and they sent someone up. It took him running back and forth to find a new dvd player and an hour to hook it up. The next morning my husband opened the dresser to put our clothes away only to have our dresser fall apart! We again called front desk and they sent maint again. After trying for a while to fix it then leaving and coming back he decided he couldn't fix it and had to find another one.The first morning after my cousin arrived, she woke to roll over and find a pair of mens underwear that did not belong to anyone in our party! We immediately called the housekeeping to notify of her findings only to have them tell her they must belong to her husband! She then hung up and called the front desk to complain of all the issues building up and also to let them know of the panels that are coming off the wall near the balcony of our wonderful view of the parking lot. They said it being memorial day weekend they could only move us to another room and have no other sister hotels to send us to or rooms to upgrade us to. We had to then pack up all of our belongings and groceries we had bought for a week and move everything to a completely different building. The hotel did not even offer to help! They only thing they could do to make up for it was a dinner off site (we refused to eat at their horrible restaurant). Which when it came time for us to get our vouchers and go to dinner they were not at the front desk. So they had to track down the GM to get them. All the while we missed the shuttle and had to pay for a taxi! We also had her comp us a few drinks at the pool but she was not happy about having to do both. Our room had two bathrooms, so one bathroom was shared by four people. Knowing this, housekeeping still only gave us enough towels for two people. The bedrooms do not have any fans and the air barely worked in our room so my husband and I sweat it out every night. We had the ac on the lowest it would go but still nothing! After sleeping in our new bed my husband and I both noticed we were itchy. We didn't think much of it until after the next night when we were both bright red and covered in hives. We had welts all over our bodies that itched like crazy! I called to the front desk and they said we must just be allergic to their detergant and that it wouldn't help to get new sheets. It did not seem very likely to us that we were both allergic to the same detergant and that we were fine in the first room but not his one! I told her to send the sheets anyways. When we got home we noticed they brought new sheets but rather than put them on they just left them on the table near the door! After we put the new sheets on the day we left we finally started to get better. The shuttle was nice to have but only runs until midnight. So you do not get a ride home if you plan on going home late. All the drivers had different rules and if there were a lot of people waiting you had to wait for the next time which could be an hour. A taxi back to the hotel is a minimum of $20 but will often run you double that with the traffic. We had to use the taxi more often then planned because they had one shuttle broke down so rather than the 15 min wait time they advertise, you wait more like 30. I will say that they nicest people we came across were two of the shuttle drivers. The restaurant at the pool is awful. They are incredibly overpriced. The chicken wings were very over priced and I must say the worst I've ever had. The frozen margaritas out of the machine were great though. But did cost you $12. The pool is large and has water slides but it got extremely crowded on the weekend. There were not enough chairs for people, but plenty of room where they could have bought them. I guess the hotel was too cheap for that. We had six people in our room but were only allowed to check out one pool float per room! They had a cookout for the weekend that we decided to purchse food from. We went to the food only to find you must go to the restaurant on the other side of the pool area to stand in line to purchase tickets then come back to the food to stand in line to get your food! We did this and when it was our turn to get our food they ran out!! They were not sure if they would get anymore, but finally came up with some 30 minutes later. The only reason we were able to get food was because we happened to walk up and check to see if any was there right before it had once again run out. The organization and planning of this hotel is a disgrace. After staying at this hotel I will NEVER purchase a timeshare. I will NEVER EVER recommend this hotel to ANYONE! This is the worst hotel on the market. I am highly disappointed. Especially after reading so many great reviews. I could go on and on about how much this hotel ruined our trip but I will stop. I think you get the point. It was awful and completely ruined our trip. Oh and my husband and I just finally got our hives, redness and severe itching to go away today...one week after being home! DO NOT stay here!!!!!	
May 30 2009 	Lock your valuables in the safe	I had a bad experience staying at the Cancun resort. I came with a group of eight we checked in to 2 rooms penthouse and a one bed room. My wife and I after checking in to the one bed room decided to see if we could upgrade to a 2 bed room. After a couple of hours by the pool we went to the front desk and they had a 2 bed room available. We packed up our stuff and moved to the 2 Bedroom. The next day my wife realizes that she left her engagement and wedding band rings in the bathroom of the one bed room.We called security and met up with them in the room. We just missed house cleaning and the rings were gone. We filed a police report and the investigation is open....On a different note the gym was awful with minimal equipment and tight space.If you had three people running on the treadmills the power would trip in the room. One of the elliptical machines didn't work which was annoying.Front Desk and Security were very helpful but I wish I never had to go to security in the first place.The rooms were nice and clean and the penthouse room was large. Unfortunately they assign rooms first come first serve... That means if you are an owner in the time share you can get stuck with a bad view of the construction and a non-owner gets the amazing view you should get.I will not be going back or recommend any of my friends to stay at the Cancun resort in Las Vegas.	
May 24 2009 	Very nice except for pool rule	We swapped our week for a week here. The unit was very nice. It was clean and since it is located about 4 miles from the big hotels, very quiet. We had a one bedroom. There was a king size bed and two bathrooms, one of which was very large. The unit was small but certainly plenty big enough for two people. The small kitchen was fine for us, but might be too cramped if cooking for a family. We had a rental car so I don't know about the shuttle. They had a beautiful pool area with slides and a waterfall. However, there was a &quot;no outside food or drink&quot; rule. It was 98 degrees and dry so you couldn't be outside without something to drink. My husband doesn't break rules, so this spoiled this area for us. (We are too cheap to spend several dollars on a drink, but after all staying in a time share is supposed to be for those of us who are economically minded!) Anyway, we are from Florida so the pool wasn't that important. Vegas was fun, Hoover Dam was interesting, and Death Valley was fabulous -- spend one night there. We enjoyed our vacation, and I would recommend this as a good place to stay.	
May 17 2009 	Great Place for a Family to Stay	We were in Vegas for our daughters wedding at the Bellagio. Our son, his wife and 8 month old stayed with us. The Cancun was the perfect place to spend the week where we could &quot;get away&quot; from the craziness of the strip. It was very quiet, clean, and had a beautiful pool area. We exchanged our Mexican timeshare for this 2 bedroom condo. As many have said, the rooms are a little dated, but roomy and comfortable, especially great with having a baby with us. We never used a shuttle as our son had his car with him. The drive into town was quick and easy. The airport, grocery store, several restaurants, and shopping were conveniently close. We were happy to find a washer &amp; dryer in our building. Something to be aware of, some 2-bedrooms have a Queen bed in the 2nd room, some have 2 twin beds. We were NEVER approached about touring or purchasing a timeshare - we were pleasantly surprised about that. If I were to point out any negative, it would be the main bathroom. The shower head was badly in need of a vinegar soak so there would be decent pressure and waterflow. A lightbulb was out in the bathroom - took about 4 calls to get someone there to replace it. The pool area is probably the biggest plus for the Cancun. There was pleasant music playing, there were several hammocks to lay with the baby for a nap, and ample tables and chairs. We would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 29 2009 	Everything we were looking for!	My husband and I just returned from a short 3 day stay. We were looking to relax by the pool and have the option to be in the middle of the excitement if we wanted to. Upon arrival, our check in was very quick and friendly. We were pleasantly surprised at our room. I had requested a pool view, not only did they make sure we had that, it was on the top floor with one of the best views you can get of the resort! Sure, the rooms are dated a little. That didn't matter to us though. The staff at the resort was very nice and we were not approached one time about the timeshare bit. We were kind of on guard about that. One of the resturaunts was closed which also didn't matter much. The Caribe lounge did the trick. Really we just used that for snacks and drinks. We only wish they had a swim up bar, we may not have spent as much time laying in the chairs getting burnt!!!! So, I only have one complaint about the resort and it's not really something that they can control.... There is a rule about no outside food and drink in the pool area, they were pretty relaxed about that rule as long as you were bringing your drinks in plastic cups. As the day went on, we noticed one VERY LARGE FAMILY that had staked their claim on several tables and brought in all of their own food, drinks and stereo!!!!!!!! The resort has great music playing all the time so I don't know what their deal was. I really wanted to say something to the resort staff because I truely felt that this family was detracting from the wonderful ambiance the pool area had. We were there to relax and have fun though so I decided to order another drink and ignore them!!!!!!! I guess that's what it's all about. One last thing, other reviewers complained about the long wait for the shuttle to the strip. They had 2 shuttles running the entire time and we never waited more than 5 minutes!!! They really did a great job. We really did enjoy this resort and will return again.	
Apr 12 2009 	Amazing Family Destination	My wife and I and our 3 children have just returned from a spring break trip here. We stayed in a 2 bedroom 6 person suite. It had a 1 king and one queen and a pull out bed settee. The kitchen was well supplied. No need to bring beach towels as they are provided down by the pool. The resort has 2 pools and a number of hot tubs. There are waterslides. The staff from front desk to house keeping were very helpful. The place was clean and tidy and of a high standard. I would recommend hiring a car but there is a shuttle bus provided which takes you to the Tropicana Hotel in about 10minsThere is a grocery store across the street as well as a CVS pharmacy.Your are only 5 minutes from the Las Vegas Outlet Mall and restaurants and 10 minutes from the airport.Excellent trip would highly recommendThe gym was small for the size of the complex and got a bit crowded and stuffy	
Apr 5 2009 	Great value but timeshare talk was annoying	The hotel gets a 9 out of 10 from me. About 3 miles south of the major casinos on the Las Vegas Strip, it's a little quieter but convenient. Great price, very clean rooms, superb pool, friendly staff. The only downside was twice being asked about buying a timeshare. I didn't go there to be pitched. I came for vacation and was treated rudely once when turning them down. Kinda put a damper on the place. So, if you can handle being pitched, stay there. It's a very nice place.	
Apr 1 2009 	A restful place in Sin City	We booked a package through Orbitz and deliberately picked this resort because it was off the strip and had a bedroom and a kitchen.The positives:We enjoyed having 2 bathrooms, 1 with a full shower and the other with a jetted tub. I took a leisurely bath with plenty of hot water. It was great to have a full kitchen with everything provided for cooking. There is a grocery store and Starbucks across the street so we were set. We also enjoyed having a separate bedroom and liked the living room with the couch and the deck. The pool is really nice with 4 water slides and a fountain. Everything is in Mexican decor, including the pool. Also, we asked for the top floor and a quiet room and received one. It was quiet the entire time we were there even though it was spring break.The negatives:The pool wasn't heated and there weren't any adults in it, just kids. We tried to go in but settled for the hot tub instead. Some of the furniture was showing a lot of wear. Way too early of a check out time: 10:00, most places are noon. Beware, it's a time share and they'll tell you they have a free gift for you and some coupons, but it's really an invitation to see their time share presentation and they will give you a gift for your time. We passed on that. Overall, this is the 4th time I've gone to Vegas and was the most relaxing place to stay. I'd recommend it to others, especially families. Secondly, take in a show, we saw Cirque du Soleil Love with Beatle's music and it was fabulous. Also we ate at the Fashion Show Mall at the Capital Grille and had outstanding food and service - ask for Stephanie, she's awesome!	
Mar 26 2009 	Perfect Spring Break	Just got back from a week at Cancun Resort during spring break.I booked a 2bdr (strip view) through Expedia for about USD$60 night.For this price you probably get a one star motel elsewhere, especially during spring break, so nobody should complain.The resort is very well maintained since there are also rooms available for time share purchase.The kids had a blast at the pool and slides, we had some very warm days in the middle of the week.The room was very large with two bathrooms, both with whirpool tubs.Stuff very friendly and helpful.Very dissapointed with the shows on the strip, few new shows, very few kids friendly and etremely expensive (such as Cirque de Soleil shows).I would definitely recommend the resort for families with small kids.	
Mar 22 2009 	An Oasis in the desert	We stayed on the Strip for one week and then wanted to get out of the crowds and the dirty streets so moved here for our second week! What a great move! The whole complex was spotless - which is really important to me. The pool area was just perfect - used the pool every day. Free shuttle service to the Strip and back (until midnight). Grocery store and pharmacy just across the street. Outlet Malls a brisk 15 minute walk north. Bus service right outside the door - we utilized the bus service daily - easy to use and friendly drivers. Only two complaints - charged for wi-fi internet access (should be free) and very, very uncomfortable living room furniture! The mattress in the master bedroom is just about ready for a change as well. Other than that, loved the place and would definitely recommend to friends.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great stay but a good distance from the action.	Stayed here this past weekend with some friends as one of them had a timeshare here. We got a pretty nice room with two bedrooms and jacuzzis in both bathrooms. I say jacuzzis, but these things were like two person hot tubs. They were big and deep. They had three TVs, full kitchen, etc. The balcony was huge and had a nice view of the strip even though we wanted a pool view room. In any case, the beds were queens, but we could have used more pillows. Since we did not notice this until about 4 am, we did not bother them with this request.  The pool area is beautiful. Although it was a little chilly when we were there, there are two big pools, one with a few large waterslides that looked really fun. I'm sure this is overrun by small children in the warmer seasons. There are five hot tubs including one underneath a waterfall. This is relaxing, but loud and not conducive to conversation. There are others with hammocks around them and what not. Very nice groups with a huge replica of a Mayan pyramid in the middle. No outside food or drink as I was told by my nervous 18 year old lifeguard, because you have to buy theirs from the cafe and/or bar. We just brought ours down anyway and poured it in cups. Everyone else did too, so stop cryin! The fitness center was more of a closet. Nevertheless, I managed to get a very good workout in with the equipment that they have. You just have to think outside the box a little. The thing that bother me though was that the circuit kept blowing for the treadmills, so we had to keep flipping the switch in the circuit box. This probably happened every five minutes when two of the three treadmills were being used simultaneously.  As for the location, it is about five miles from the heart of the strip. Not bad for a short drive. The shuttle stops at 12, which pretty much makes it useless as that is when people need a DD. But if you want to avoid the hassles of strip driving during the day then maybe it is worth it. There is not much around, but there is a 24 hour bar across the street if you came to Vegas for that. Not me, but if you are sick of the strip or don't like people, this might be your spot. There are some food options, a food 4 less, and CVS for your convenience. If you have no car, this place would be pretty difficult as I hear cab fares are expensive to the action. I heard that the timeshare people were pretty annoying, but I didn't see any. I guess most people that stay here already have them, but some told us that the people still bothered them. Not sure how the price/experience would be if you didn't have a timeshare.	
Feb 28 2009	Short but pleasant trip	After visiting San Francisco for two nights, my wife and I came to Las Vegas and the Cancun Resort for two nights, before heading home and me going back to Baghdad. We were greeted very warmly at the front desk and received our room promptly. After checking in, my wife complained that the room had a funny smell and housekeeping came quickly to check and spray the whole suite with deodorizer which took care of the problem. The one room suite was a little on the small size, with a very cramped kitchen, bedroom and living room, but the bathroom was very roomy. The Jacuzzi tub didn’t have a stopper, so we were only able to take showers, but that was no biggie. The furnishings seemed a little dated and worn, but serviceable. We had reserved a car through a family friend employed by one of the major car-rental companies and they couldn’t find our reservation, so we wound taking a taxi to the resort. The concierge was very helpful in arranging a car at a good rate through Enterprise for us for a day, so we could take a site-seeing trip to Hoover Dam. The rest of the time we used the shuttle service, which was adequate, although not as timely as advertised. The driver actually remembered us from one day to the next, and was very helpful in getting us to the show we were going to see and getting us back to the resort afterwards. We didn’t have a chance to use the pool as it was a little cool the few days we were there, but it did look very nice. As posted on previous reviews, there was a lack of information in the room, and we could not find an internet connection (for free or a fee), something we have gotten used to when staying at other hotels. We reserved the room through a family member who is a timeshare member and used his points, so overall the value was average. I’ve stayed at much higher priced name-brand hotels and received less satisfaction. I’ve also stayed at lower rated hotels which were better.	
Feb 23 2009 	unbeatable	We just spent 4 nights on the Strip and then 4 nights at this resort. This place was a dream. The rooms were more upscale than our 4-star hotel on the strip, and they were roomy, which we loved the best. The granite coutertops and two oversized jetted tubs were delightful. Staff were prompt and attentive. We really can't see how anyone can complain about this place. The mountainviews from the eighth floor were incredible. The pool was heated with a lifeguard on duty and they had jacuzzi's outside, more than we can say for the hotel on the strip (Monte Carlo). Its pool was closed although the rooms were three times as much as the Cancun resort. It was so close to the strip. Can't believe what a great deal this was!!!!	
Jan 31 2009 	Beautiful resort close to the strip	Stayed at this property for 8 nights in November. Upon arrival it is very impressive both from the outside and in.The pool area with the waterfalls are absolutely beautiful. My only complain is that the large pool is closed this time if year, even though the weather was warm.We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite with a full kitchen, living room, bedroom and ensuite bath with a 2 persoon jacuzzi. The room also had a large balcony overlooking the strip as well as a second bathroom with shower off the living room.The room was very clean and not outdated at all!The shuttle service runs very frequently from the hotel to the strip. A taxi costs about $15.00.Across the street is a large grocery store with very cheap pricing on all food and goods. We never ate out once because of this!Outlet shopping centre only about a 15 minute walk.If you want to get away from the strip and relax, than this is the place to be!	
Jan 28 2009 	Park Bench Sofa	Concurring with other reviewers, the place is ok, but calling it a &quot;Resort&quot; is definitely a stretch. I was there to attend a trade show involving serious walking every day. Coming back to the room and sitting on their furniture was literally painful - I had to grab pillows from the bed to soften the sofa somewhat. It was best to relax on the bed instead.As mentioned by other reviewers, the kitchen is a postage stamp, the coffee brewer way too yucky to think about using, no exhaust fan in either bathroom (anybody gotta match?), and limited garage parking. I also have a big problem paying additional fees ($5/day) for internet access. The place has more of a motel feel (although all of the motels I stay at DO have free internet) than a &quot;Resort&quot;.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great Hotel	We are a family of 5 from Australia visiting the States for the first time.After doing lots of research on where to stay in Las Vegas and after reading reviews, we decided the Cancun Resort would best suit our family.We were pleasantly surprised how nice this hotel was and how great the price was. It was also a plus that it was a non smoking hotel.Our booking was for a 2 bedroom unit. One bedroom contained a king size bed with a bathroom and the other bedroom had a queen bed. There was also a second bathroom, dining table and a fully self contained kitchen. The living area contained a fold out sofa bed. There was also a balcony to look out over the strip. Our unit was kept very clean.Each floor of the hotel had a laundry service room so we were able to wash our clothes very easily after all our travelling.This hotel had a fanastic pool area which would be great in summer, but the weather was a bit too cool for us when we were there.Staying at this hotel gave us easy excess to the strip as it was a 10 minute drive to any of the casino's, if there was no traffic jams. There was a super market across the street and an outlet shopping centre within a 5 minute drive.Our stay here was very enjoyable, I was so glad we didn't stay in one of the smoke smelling casino's.	
Jan 8 2009 	It is an EXCELLENT place for family!	This is a great place for families and friends. I liked the pool area with the lil bar and everything. its comfy. Espicially with the spa bath. Its comfortable to sit down and watch a movie with the family.	
Jan 5 2009 	Cancun Resort: Very Comfortable!	We stayed at the Cancun Resort for 2 weeks during the National Finals Rodeo in Vegas. We had a two bedroom suite, and it was great. Very quiet, clean and away from all the hustle and still in a prime spot at the end of the strip basicly. I would highly recommend the resort if you want the quiet time. Also there are kitchens so you can cook etc. and not eat out all the time. Great place to stay!	
Dec 31 2008 	Not the best not the worst. I will not be back to this property.	The Cancun Resort Las Vegas is satisfactory if you are looking for a hotel off the beaten path in LV.The two bedroom suite we had was ok, but housekeeping was lacking. The same crushed sunflower seed (not from me) stayed on the carpet the entire week's stay. When we checked out, I looked under the bed in the case I had dropped something and boy, I wish I hadn't looked. It was clear they do not vacuum under there and none of the detritus/garbage had been from me. The living room carpet was wet the entire stay and nothing was done. Our coffee was NEVER replenished. One day our bath mat was gone and on four separate days we did not receive service at all.I will say that the jet bathtubs were fantastic after a day walking!The internet in the 'Business Centre&quot; is credit card only and took 4.5 minutes to load the first site.The shuttle drivers were AWESOME. they should have been hired as concierge. The concierge I spoke to twice had no information at all to help me on two rather basic questions!To top it off, the airport had been closed the first night and they charged us for it - even though there was no way we could have arrived!!	
Dec 4 2008 	Nice Stay	My Husband and I decided to stay at the Cancun Resort for the Thanksgiving Weekend. We stayed in a 1 bedroom condo which I thought was cute but its very small. (We stayed in a 1 bedroom condo at the MGM Signature and that place was very spacious.) The Pros: Pretty cozy for two people, the master bathroom was very spacious with a comfortable jucuzzi tub, the bed was very comfortable, the kitchen was fully stock with everything you can ask for, the staff were pretty helpful, and even though it was too cold to swim the pool looked absoultely amazing. Now for the Cons: Though the kitchen was fully stock it was very tiny. Everything seem so cramped together. The bedroom I felt was a little small, you couldn't really move around because everything was close together. I thought the parking wasn't very good. The under ground parking lot could only hold about 30 cars, and if you can't find parking underground you gotta park outside. Although, the rooms are pretty small my husband and I still had a pretty good stay. We would definitely go back.	
Nov 4 2008 	Nice resort; Clean rooms; Quiet	I expected the resort to be a bit nicer, given the II rating. We stayed in a 2 bedroom, which was quite smaller than most we have stayed in. There was seating in the living room for a thin 4 only and not comfortable. The pull out was a futon type. You could not sit on the balcony without feeling closed in as the stucco wall was at least 4 feet tall and hence you could not see over if sitting. Although we were on floor 2 and I did notice that the upper floors had plexiglass. The room was clean, however we were not provided with dish or dishwashing soap, but received promptly when asked for. The kitchen was small and you could not open the dishwasher more than 6 inches because the door would hit the fridgerator. (tacky) In one of the bedrooms, the TV/cabinet was on the side of the bed, poor planning for the lay out. The staff was all friendly and helpful. Shuttle service was posted as every 20-30 minutes, however it was more like every 40-50 minutes. Also, shuttle only holds 14 so if there is more than that waiting, call a cab. 2 buses Friday, Saturday however. Drop off to Tropicana averages 8-10 minutes. One of the drivers drove as if driving a manual transmission, hold steady for him. If you want to head down to the strip prior to noon, out of luck for the shuttle, it does not start service until 12:15. Use Deuce to travel up and down the strip from there at a cost of $5.00 all day. We did walk to the factory stores one day and took the Deuce from there to the strip. There is a bus stop as well outside the resort, but we did not use. The Deuce will also drop you off at Town Center, very nice shops and restaurants, then short cab ride back to the resort. If your on a timeline for a show, don't wait for shuttle, taxis come around every 5-10 minutes and the front will call for one also.There is no helpuful information provided in the room. Nothing about the resort at all, nothing about the surrounding areas, recommendations, transportation, laundry, gym, internet, towels, etc. Yes, you could wait for the concierge, but so much easier to have in the room.Pool was very nice. Never had any trouble finding a chair, however this is the off season. Gym was very small. Packed into a converted room? I expected something more because they do advertise a spa. Overall, if you are looking for some place quiet, family oriented, out of the way and clean, this is for you.	
Oct 31 2008 	Loved It	Loved the Condo, tried to get info on purchasing one but got no help. Will stay there again everytime we go back to Vegas.	
Oct 13 2008 	If you are under 100 - A place to avoid!	We went there on a timeshare promotion. With that said, you would have expected it to be GRAND. It was anything but. The checkin was like checking in to a Motel 6 or Super 8 rather than a Las Vegas hotel. I have stayed at many of the Strip hotels in the past, and decided to give something of this nature a try, but I was sorely disappointed in almost all aspects of the hotel and staff.The room was a 1 bedroom. Ok in that regard, but nothing spectacular. The elevator did not work on the second day, so we were hoofing it up and down the stairs located at the far ends of the building. We called down to ask for an extra blanket, but were told that they were out. They brought us an extra set of sheets instead. This is not a typical hotel, so do not expect daily maid service to refresh the towels and make the beds. If you stay more than 5 days, then they will do this. Otherwise you have to pick up fresh towels etc. if you need them.The pool was nice to look at, but it was cold and windy this October, so we did not get a chance to use that. The biggest disappointment was the staff! They seemed to be bothered if you had a question to ask them. When we checked in, we asked the concierge a few questions, and he just seemed put off that we would interrupt him.If you are going here for a timeshare promotion, I would highly suggest skipping this offer. Our package included the following items (I am also including their real descriptions as well):We arrived at 7:45 PM on Friday night, and the tour desk was closed. Therefore we could not get any of our promotional coupons until Saturday (2nd day of our 3 day stay). We went to the touor desk Saturday at 8:00 AM to register for our promotional tour, but they told us the earliest they have available is 3:00 PM. Right in the middle of the day. Remember, you cannot get your gift coupons etc. until you complete your tour presentation! 2 Complimentary Sahara Buffet Coupons: Really, the Sahara buffet is $6.99 regular price. The coupons are not good for weekend breakfast, lunch or brunch. They are good only Monday thru Friday for all meals, and then Saturday and Sunday for dinner only. But it is a $6.99 buffet, and that should speak for itself! Not getting these until after the tour on Saturday made these almost worthless.50% off golf. They offered only one course and the price would have been $40 to $60 per person with the discount. Now remember, you have to go on a 2 hour promotional tour that you cannot book until 8:00 AM on Saturday morning. This tour will most likely be in the afternoon, cutting into your golf time...Mac Kink Comedy show tickets: You must buy a $10 dollar drink. Show is at 1PM and 3PM Tuesday thru Saturday. Show is located at the Harrahs Casino.Shark Reef Exhibit: This is the only decent thing in the package! Tickets are around $15 each. I have been before, and it was OK at best. At $10 each it would be a better value.Nathan Burton Magic Show: Lance Burton is the magician you want to see in vegas. This was at hooters casino. No show on Saturday nights. What good vegas show does not run on Saturday night? Thus you could imagine that this is a worthless show as well. Since you cannot get your tickets until after your presentation tour, you would have to stay late Sunday night to see it. UGH.....$100 promotional slot play: This is a coupon for promo slot play at the Casino Royale casino (up by Treasure Island). This was a complete waste of time. You go there, and they have about 20 machines that accept these coupons. You cannot cash out at any time, even if you are winning more credits on the machine. Basically, if you can muster up 4,000 credts then you can call an attendant and get $100 cash. NOT GOING to happen I am telling you. Do not waste your time. I am posative that Casino Royale pays Pacific Monarch to put this in their package as a way to drive to some business up to their area.Hawaii or Los Cabos add on vacation: Again a waste of time. like most of these, they are restricted to weekday arrival and departure.When we did not buy the timeshare package, the finance guy as well as the sales guy both got visibly upset and almost angry. What did they expect. From the beginning, we had explained to our sales guy that we were very unhappy with the staff attitudes as well as the promotional gifts that were sold as usable, but in reality were not!I could not have been more disappointed with the accomodations and the staff at this resort! If you have an option, I would not stay at this place! I have never written a review on this site before, but I feel compelled to help others avoid this trap!	
Oct 12 2008 	Best place we stayed at	We chose this place based on the Tripadvisor reviews and were delighted to have picked such a great place to stay.We travelled with 2 teenagers but had 2 large bedroomsas well as a lounge ,deck ,kitchen and 2 large double bathrooms.All for a price much cheaper than anywhere else in our 2 weeks around California.We loved the pool which was open great hours and was big enough for training swimmimg and just blobbing and the quiet relaxed feel of the place.We didnt eat there as we used the car in and out of the strip which was an easy drive especially as the casinos dont charge for parking.The only minor issue was the realatively high cost of using the internet in the games room.Most other places have some free service now so this could be looked at.Apart from that we would happily return.	
Oct 9 2008 	Loved It	I read most of the reviews for this resort prior to my vacation. I have to say that there were both positive and negative things said. My husband and I stayed at this resort while celebrating an anniversary. I have to say that I loved this resort. It was clean, the staff and other guests were very pleasant. They had shuttle to and from the strip but, it ended at 12 midnight. That was my only problem. But, if you missed the shuttle or decided to spend extra time on the strip, the bus stop was right in front of the resort. We were accessible to many restaurants and stores at this location. We even had the bank that we bank at across the street from us. I had been to Vegas many times and this was my first time not staying on the actual strip and I loved it. It was so quiet and people not running in and out all night and day. There were 2 restaurants on the property and they both had great food. The pool, of my goodness, the pool was fabulous. They also had whirlpools around the property and a hammock section. I am sorry to say that we didn't utilize the spa but, I heard from other guests that it was lovely. Now, we had a situation with our credit card before leaving but the bank fed ex a new one to us immediately at the resort. The front desk called us immediately when the new card arrived. I would definitely recommend this resort to anyone. We really enjoyed our anniversary and the resort.	
Oct 4 2008 	50/50	My husband loved this place while I was so-so on it. The best part of this resort is the pool. Only down side to the pool is that it closes at 10 p.m. Seems too early for Vegas nightlife. If you want to be away from the people, noise,and traffic of the strip this is a good location. Close to I-15. Our room was not very comfortable. While it had everything we needed, it just was not comfortable. Lights in the bathrooms were dim and made it hard to see in the mirror. Had some maintance issues, but chose not to deal with them - after all, we were on vacation. Didn't want to deal with people coming in to fix something, so we did without. That was our choice. On the plus side our room had a great view of the strip. Balcony was huge, just wish there would have been a couple lounge chairs so we could really enjoy. As it was, there were two chairs with a small table. Again, it comes back to that comfort thing. If using our timeshare again, I would try another resort if available over this one. Nothing terribly wrong, just would have liked it better with a few small changes.	
Sep 28 2008 	Perfection Perfection Perfection	WOW and double OMG! The Cancun Resort was Fantastic! We took months to carefully plan our two week holiday in Vegas and we were not disappointed except in one area, which I will get too in a minute! Only one thing was off putting.We watched the reviews of the Cancun, here on Trip Advisor, very closely and at one point even wrote to the head office of the resort because we had concerns. Not only did we get a prompt reply of reassurrance from the general manager of the hotel himself, when we got there we were not disappointed with our room or the resort but the reassurance given by the general manager was not true. We had one bedroom apartment in building number two. Room 2228. It was perfect! I will add our video of the room when we arrived so you can see! The quality of the video isn't great because its taken with my point and shoot camera but you will get the idea! The staff there was amazing! We had an unexpected lay over in Philly because of Tropical Storm Hannah, so when we arrive we desparately just wanted to go to our room and sleep. When we arrived at the Cancun, they had just lost complete power on one side of the resort and told us that we would have to wait to book in as their computer systems had lost power too. After we told them how tired we were and that aren't a new check in, that we should have checked in the day before and that I had called to let them know we had to lay over in Philly, they cheerfully found us a room in about 5 minutes! We got to our room and it was everything we had hoped and more. The concerige desk helped us each and every day with taxi's, info about the area, finding restaurants, walmart, grocery stores and even helped us plan our tours of the Grand Canyon and Hoover Damn! Everyday their was unlimited, knowledgable help with a smile! Our room was cleaned every single day! On the days we left a do not disturb sign on the door, housekeeping would call to make sure that we didn't want our room cleaned or trash taken away or clean towels! EVERY DAY!!!!! The pool area is just as gorgeous as it in the pics online! We enjoyed the pool by day and enjoyed the strip by night. We loved the water slides, well our son did and we loved the many hot tubs! (Especially the one by the hammocks!). They have noodles and really great water beds you can sign out. If you want a water bed get one early about 8:30am. Some life guards only sign one out per room while others sign out as many as a person likes and leaves none for others. Its not very standardised. I just thinks some life guards don't follow the policy of one per room. The water beds were all in great condition.The grocery store across the road was perfect to get our breakfast and lunch groceries from but make sure to take a taxi. It only costs a couple of dollars and it is much safer! As for taxi's make sure to ask for a Deluxe taxi! Don't use any others. Deluxe was the only ones that didn't rip us off! By the end of our first week there we knew our way around and stopped some cabbies from taking us the long way around! Food off the strip is so much better then on the strip! Its worth the few extra miles drive! Speaking of driving! The hotel is only about 10 mintues from the strip. We used the Cancun shuttle most of the time going into the strip. It was timely and comfortable but would definately rent a car next time! Everything is not as close as it looks! If you remember anything about Vegas....remember this! Everything is not as close as it looks! Sooo, to sum it all up! Cancun has th wow facture and is quiet and peaceful. Things do pick up there on Fridays and Saturdays when a lot of day passers come in with their coolers and picnics and kids. The review below about that is true and it was one of the things we wrote to the head office about and while they assurred us it wasn't true, it is! Unfortunately, a fair few of those day passers are less then quality people who respect others space. I do hope I stated that fairly. The only way to improve on our visit to the Cancun would be to stop the day trippers, coolers and picnicers which can make you feel like your vacationing in a trailer park.	
Sep 23 2008 	Beautiful Room!	We loved our stay at the Cancun Resort. It is a beautiful place with a beautiful pool south of the strip. It was so nice to have a condo rather than a hotel room - having the living room separate from the bedroom gave me the chance to try and catch a few hours sleep in this busy city! The jacuzzi in the bathroom was wonderful after a long day! We were very happy to have a balcony. We went to the grocery store across the street and filled up the fridge with groceries on the first day to save on some dining costs! This is a timeshare facility - and we purchased a tour package for $199, and it was well worth it. This provided us with five nights stay at this 5 Star resort as well as many added bonuses/gift certificates/tickets to shows in Vegas which we took advantage of.I would love to go back to The Cancun for another stay but it is a few miles away from the strip and I would like to try staying on the strip next time to avoid paying for a car rental! (the hotel does offer a shuttle to the strip, though, if I'm not mistaken)	
Sep 19 2008	ok	well we got to the hotel, when we got their I asked the receptionist if we may have our room, she said check at 1pmso we did and she did not have no room... My friend and I were kinda mad, but around 2pm I asked the receptionist again if they had a room already she called her boss and he told me they had a problem with the rooms we wanted to stay at...they did not had no lights so they sent us to south point hotelthats a nice hotel..	
Sep 16 2008 	Low-end condo	We arrived on a Sunday a couple of hours before check-in and rooms were not available yet, which was fine. They directed us to another desk to get our parking pass and a temporary pool pass while we waited for our room. We declined and came back a few hours later. This time our room was ready, but they notified us they would be immediately taking out a $100 deposit from our credit card. OK, fine.Proceeding to our room in our car, we first noticed the poorly designed parking situation. There are about 5 buildings in the complex (and they're building more) and each has a semi-underground parking area which holds about 25-30 cars. Everyone else has to park outside. During our week stay, we were rarely fortunate to get an underground spot. The real drawback is that if you park outside, you must walk down the garage parking ramps to get to the elevators to your room. This is extremely dangerous, especially at night. Additionally, the resort attracts a lot of families and this is just not a good situation.There is a card key reader which allows access into the waiting area for the elevators. This door was NEVER locked. Free access for anyone. The waiting area was always very dirty with loose trash. The 2-bedroom condo is smaller than many others we have stayed in except for the bathrooms which are very nice and very large. The kitchen is tiny, about the size of a closet. It does have a refrig, microvave, range, and dishwasher. Very little counter space. The living area is the absolute worst I have ever seen in a time share or condo. There is one sofa and one chair. The sofa is so cheap and uncomfortable that we couldn't sit on it for more than a half hour. Chair wasn't much better. Carpet was torn in several places and stained in others. TV was flat screen, but fairly small. Adequate number of channels, but no pay channels.Bedrooms were OK, but also on the small side. Only one lamp on one side of the bed. Not enough space for the other side I guess. There was a spacious balcony, but was only furnished with two cheap plastic chairs. A/C worked well, and rooms were fairly quiet expect for those slamming their doors in the hallway.Families will love the pool area and schedule of activities available. There is a snack bar under the mayan temple which seemed to do a pretty good business. Staff was nonexistent except for the lifeguards and the periodic time share salesmen. Luckily, we were never solicited. Location at the south end of the strip is OK since your away from the hustle and bustle area. Across the street is a grocery store, irish pub, and a few other stores. You're about 4 miles from Mandalay Bay to the north, about a mile from the Silverton which ir right across I-15, and about 2 miles from the South Point casino resort. They do have shuttle service to the Tropicana.There's not much choice right now for those looking for a timeshare exchange in Vegas and if you are, I'd avoid this one unless you really need a big pool and want to be away from the strip.	
Sep 11 2008 	Great place for nervous parents	I was pretty nervous to go to vegas as first trip for my 9 mo old baby...and another 4 yr old boy and in-laws...well, it worked out great. Thanks to tripadvisor reviews and recommendations as always.Got a good deal for 2 bedroom suite facing the strip.Plus points :1. pool2. jacuzzu tubs - kids loved the vast tubs3. everyday housekpeeing4. Great cost - 126/- for sat , 106/- for weekday nights5. closeness to strip6. kitchen/refrigerator/microwave- with utensils etc.7. Free show tickets to Manadalay Bay Sark Reef and Nathan burton show for 6 people - for attending the 90 min timeshare presnetation.Could have done better :1. 2 room suite description says king bed, queen bed, sofa queen bed..well what we found was 1 queen bed, 2 twin beds and 1 queen sofa bed....so not having king bed was very uncomfortanble with baby.2. To our surprise, we dound no light in our bldg no.5 ...as transistor for bldg 4 had blown out..so imagine coming back to hotel with kids around 11 pm and finding no light on 1st day after driving all day !!! To our respite, light cam be back in our bldg around midnight..but no light for building 4....I would imagine resort to be welle equipped to handle such scenario...but no consolation/compensation from mgmt for all that inconvenience !!!That's about all...to sum it up, I would still recommend this place to others but just to verify beds in advance.Thanks,Shruti	
Sep 2 2008 	Had a great time!	My husband and I stayed at the Cancun for 7 nights. We had a 1 bedroom/2 bath villa. We liked being off the strip, because it felt more restful. The shuttle service worked great for us, but for some the 12pm to 12:15am schedule wouldn't work well. A taxi from Mandalay Bay to the resort was about $20.00, so it would be a considerable cost if you were out past the last shuttle every night. The rooms were very clean, but the furniture was old. However, the bed was comfortable, and that's the most important thing. I read one review about cockroaches and it scared me, but there wasn't a single bug in our room. I was very impressed with how clean it was.The pool was fun! The water slides are fun even for adults! The only negative thing I have to say about the pool was how salty it tasted. Accidentaly swallowing water or even licking ones lips was not a pleasant experience. All that in consideration, the large pool was a much needed thing in the Vegas heat!Getting groceries from Food4Less was a great way for us to save money. It was just a short walk across the streeet. We ate breakfast/lunch in our room and only ate dinners on the strip. Here's a tip for those who are beginning gamblers... Hooters Casino has $3.00 minimum blackjack tables and it's right next to the shuttle drop off! We were there almost everyday. Don't expect too much from the dealers in way of personality (it's sort of hit or miss) but the low minimum is a great way to learn the game without risking large amounts of money. Fremont Street is also a great place to play lower limit games. Ride the Deuce!!! The bus goes from the South of the Strip all the way to Fremont street. A one way ticket is $2.00, but a 24 hour pass is only $5.00. Once we learned about this, we didn't take another taxi unless it was an absolute necessity. This is by far the cheapest way to get around on the strip. Walking is often just a little too far. It's not the fastest transportation though, because it makes so many stops... but it worked for us. The bus that goes from the South tip of the Strip past the Cancun resort stops at 1am, so it's not a good way to get back to the resort.	
Aug 17 2008 	Perfect!!!	I've stayed at a lot of places in Vegas, but I would never stay anywhere else again,. Had an absolute blast! Rooms were great with full kitchens, two bathrooms, living and dining rooms, and private balconies. It's like a oasis all in itself in and amongst the Vegas craziness. Wtih adult billards/foos ball room, kids room, water slides, restaurants and louging areas. It provides a free shuttle to the Tropicana to get to the strip, has a grocery store directly across the street and a casino in walking distance. For my family, (1 child) it's the perfect place to stay and be able to enjoy Vegas at the same time. We even hired a nanny service for going out on the strip one night. Watch out, they tried to over charge us, (said that kids from separate families are additional, however didn't stipulate that over the phone.) They are not part of The Cancun, and they are my only complaint.	
Aug 10 2008 	WORKED A TREAT FOR US!	2 adults 2 young kids. We had a 2 bedroomed apartment with 2 bathrooms, each with a jacuzzi tub! It was a really nice apartment in very nice condition - we were very pleased. Cost us $160 a night.The breakfast in the cafe was lovely - really nice french toast and pancakes freshly made. The pools were great - the kids loved them and there was nothing better than to swim at night (we booked it because the pools opened at 8am and shut at 10pm).The location is about 2 miles from the edge of the strip, so not too far away at all.In all, full marks.	
Aug 5 2008 	agree with mother of riverside	we arrived on friday night . after a long trip with the kids the whole trip there was mostly talked about the water slides my two boys were very exicited since we got there late on friday at 9.30 there was not much to do we unpacked .... so saturday morning we went for breakfast took the kids to circus circus came back to the resort around 1.00 pm we got all ready for the pool /slides again we were very excited we notice the loogoon pool was closed i asked the young lady that was working in the towel dept.. why was it closed she replied beaucuse everyone is in the back as we proceed to go to the back pool omg it did look like a cheap place in t.j there was no place to sit . i was like what the heck then we realized the slides were closed down ...... wondering why ? my kids were upset drove 5 hours for nothing we could of stayed home in our own pool ..... so i was still curiuos and i asked a lady there did she knew why was it closed she said beaucuse someone pooped in the pool i guessed it had happend on thursday too ,that is grossed... someone ruined it for everyone else , my suggestion to the manegment is that when checking in they should give out free water diaper to toddlers ,babies that s how they do it in our other time share in the recreation dept activity room you get free water diapers i personally think this would of been a great idea iknow there were very upset people there that weekend including my family spend alot of money for a sorry weekend all for something that could of been preventable	
Jul 31 2008 	Never again !!!	I booked this resort directly from the timeshare owner. When our family of four arrived at the hotel we had no problems getting into the poolview room I requested.We checked in on Thursday nite. Our room was a one bedroom two bath suite. The bathrooms were beautiful, the one off the master had a wonderful double jacuzzi tub. The room itself was on the small side, barely enough room for the king sized bed in the bedroom, and when the couch was folded out, it took up the entire living room. That was okay though, we weren't there to sit in our room.I booked this hotel specifically for the pool. It is huge with 4 waterslides. Since it is over 100 degrees in Vegas at this time of year, I knew we would sit by the pool by day and go into town in the evening.On Friday morning we went down to the pool , got a nice spot with a hammock, and checked out a couple of rafts from the equipment room. The rafts were completly falling apart, but they were great for floating around the pool and reading. It was so nice a peaceful, all of the pool chairs never filled up! One problem, someone pooped in the main pool mid-afternoon and the pool was closed for the rest of the day.Saturday morning, we went down to check out the rafts and the lifeguard told me they weren't checking the rafts out (although they sat in a stack on the floor). She said the rafts were in such bad shape they were sending them back and would have no rafts until the replacements came. I informed her that we had used the rafts the day before, and agreed they were in bad shape, but that we didn't mind, we would like to use them anyway. She refused. I then told her that i had brought my own raft, it was in the car, could I use mine. Absolutely not , I was told , NO OUTSIDE toys or rafts allowed. After speaking with the assistant general manager of the hotel, we were allowed to use their rafts for the day.Sunday-the rafts have left the building. No rafts to be had! I figured that was okay.As the day wore on we noticed how crowded it was getting at the pool, it appeared to be local families, all with 5 or more children and ALL were bringing their own noodles and blow up rings !! I couldn't believe how the rules had CHANGED !I felt like I was at a public pool in Tijuana! We payed good money for our room and I know the owner pays a decent maintenence fee for his timeshare, it is such a shame that the management of this hotel would let it turn into such a mess.The activities listed on the daily calender, never took place. Our teenagers waited in the rec room to participate in the 2:30 ping pong tournament, no one from the hotel ever showed up. Although water aerobics was scheduled that never took place either.I really don't know what the full story about this hotel, I just know that we will never stay here again.	
Jul 27 2008 	Not Bad At All	I used to drive past the Cancun not really knowing what it was all about,,, with the name and all. But, I did some research and found out it was a timeshare property that had a few other resorts around the west US and one in Mexico. I dug a little deeper and found out how this particular timeshare worked. I really like the concept, so I decided to buy. In a few of my earlier reviews, I wrote about Riviera Beach Resort and Cabo Azul Resort and Spa. Both of these are part of the Monarch Grand Vacation Timeshare Family. This is my first time at the Cancun and it was pretty cool. We were sent to the Tulum building and had a very nice two-bedroom-two-bath Villa with balcony. Our balcony faced the north, and we had a non-obstructed view of all the buildings in Vegas. Although, that won't last for long as 'One Las Vegas', has 2 buildings perched on the lot directly north of the Cancun property and it appears they have 3 more to go. The Cancun itself is upgrading, too. According to the masterplan, there will be 3 more buildings put up to complete the project. It looked like some construction had already begun, but I didn't hear any noise from it. We had a really nice time at the Cancun and will definitely be back.	
Jul 17 2008 	Loved the pool	Me and my family enjoyed our stay here so much that the Venetian hotel left us wanting. I booked the 2 bedroom suite with 1 King bed, 1queen bed, and 1 queen sofa sleeper for $100 dollars a night. Room included 3 TV's, 2 bathrooms with jacuzzi tubs in each bedroom. The tv's were small 19 inch but the seperate bedrooms made up for it. Also there was a balcony for our room nice sun set. Full kitchen so we saved quite a bit by not eating out all the time. I would definitely stay here again, also I 'm going to recommend it for all my family and friends. Only drawback is you are on the far side of the strip. But it didn't matter to us because we had a rental car. Also internet is $10 dollars per night. Still all and all I loved this resort hotel, so did my kids they had 2 pools one with four slides 2 small 2 large; several hot tubs I was very pleased and would definitely recommend for a family. The main plus was it took us only 2 minutes to get to our room and not 15 minutes like the Venetian because the resort is not a whole city block. Enjoy your stay at this place. I hate to give resorts a review like this because they rip people off but I was pleased with this one for our 2 day stay for the money.	
Jun 19 2008 	Pleasant Experience	We stayed at the Cancun resort in June. I have two small children ages 6 and 2 we had a one bedroom which had ample space and a whirlpool in the master bedroom. Our room had a view of the pool which was beautiful at night. Our room had two bathrooms and a fully equiped kitchen it is about 2 miles from the strip you can drive straight down or you can catch the freeway which is close by. They also provide a shuttle that will drop you off at the tropicana every half hour until midnight. There were a few things that I didnt like they dont clean the rooms everyday and you have to keep asking for extra towels. They provide towels at the pool but you have to return them before you go back to your room. They say the pool is heated but the water was cold for my two year old he kept shaking when he would get in the water. They have quite hours after 10pm so you are not supposed to use the whirlpool in your room after that until 8 am the next morning. Overall though we had a great time the grounds are beautiful and if you have a family the full kitchen really helps there is also a grocery store across the street. The beds are comfortable and I would stay there again.	
Jun 9 2008	Sweating on the balcony the only place allowed to smoke.	No one bothered to tell us, nor does it state anywhere on the websites that this resort is basically a non smoking resort. There is no smoking in the units ($150 fine if you do) or on the groundswith the exception of your balcony. That might not be quite as bad if you weren't in the middle of the dessert at 100 degrees plus.I never would have booked there if I would have known! Come on, it's Las Vegas!	
Jun 8 2008 	Great Place to Stay	We loved this resort. We stayed in the Penthouse Suite(1800sq. ft.) it was beautiful. The Pool area was great and the kids loved it. They had water slides in the Pyramid. The Bar/Lounge was convenient and the Food was good and very inexpensive for eating in a hotel. The Concierge folks where very knowledgeable about anything in Las Vegas. There where stores right across the Blvd.	
Jun 8 2008 	Everything I Knew About Vegas Went Out the Door	I'm much more of an expert than my 4 times in LV would indicate. The reason is because I read up so much on the city that I could tell you almost anything. For example, my family couldn't believe that I could drive around town (my first time) and know exactly where I was and where I was going.Well, I had some opinions about Las Vegas that were totally blown away when I stayed at the Cancun resort for four nights/five days.I'll put it to you this way, from now on, I'm going to try my hardest to stay at Cancun (or similar) when traveling to LV. Yes, you're off strip. Technically you're still on Las Vegas Blvd, but the strip is about 4 miles to the north. But this didn't stop any of us from seeing shows, shopping, or doing all the tourist things that the strip has to offer. in fact, I'd say it was almost easier to do all these things because if you know your way around town, you can get there much quicker (and cheaper) than you can just by going up and down the strip taking a cab or the Duece (bus).One big secret that novice travelers might not know is that you can take side streets to get to the various hotels. In fact, I happened to come across a Las Vegas legend when he was going to his car at one of the hotels, and this would have never happened if I was just out with the lemmings.The pool here is the best we've ever seen or experienced. There are better pools out there, but few would be in Las Vegas and even fewer would be located in a residential setting. In other words, pools better than this cost you money to go... get it? Mandalay Bay would be the only residential pool that I'm aware of that would be comparable, but you'd have to fight their thousands of guests whereas at the Cancun Resort, it's so tranquil that you can literally lie in a hammock and read in the shade. To do anything similar at any other hotel would require that you pay for and reserve one of their cabanas.... but at Cancun, this comes with your stay.I used to manage a waterpark, and the water slides here were enough to get me to swim in their pools. The high slide was the fast kind and surprisingly long relative to other slides of its genre at different parks. This is also included with your stay. Many of us rode the waterslide and we ranged from about 22 yrs old to about 55+ yrs old. This would be fun for kids and adults alike.The Cancun is located just across from a grocery anchored retail center. The grocery store is Food4Less and I've generally found their name suitable to their prices.A little ways down the street (maybe another block) is a gigantic strip mall complete with fast food, casual dining (Chipotle, Chilis), steak (Outback) and outlet malls (Tommy, etc).You will feel happy that you get to eat well locally. The food is also cheaper than what you pay on the strip... I know this for fact because I did a price comparison at the same restaurants.For 3 nights we were in a basic 2 room suite. I had the smaller of the two rooms and it was adequate. Our bed happened to be a bit uncomfortable, but the other bed in the suite was nice. The final night we stayed in a presidential suite. It was perhaps about 1500 SQFT complete with large screen TV, Bose sound system and each room was equiped with enormous jetted tubs. The two room standard also had a large jetted tubs, but the presidential ones were larger.In fact, the master bathroom had a tub approximately 330 gallons big. I'd guess you could fit 3 people in it fairly easily... but don't get any ideas, I didn't do that! ;-)They have a pool hall &amp; business center, but I didn't really check out the additional ammentities.Cancun's poolside drinks were reasonably priced ($5 for a mixed drink) and the whole family enjoyed a board game sitting pool side in the shade. Yes, such a thing can happen at Cancun (but don't try this at your local strip hotel because it will never work).All in all, I think I was spoiled by this experience and from now on, I will be looking to stay off strip. It's soooooooooo much better! You can actually enjoy the best of both words by staying in a place like Cancun... luxurious and quiet (not even the people at Four Seasons in LV get this) and 5-10 minutes from the center of the strip via a car.... BONUS REVIEW:In all of Las Vegas, their pools close alarmingly early (7pm). They want you out the pool and out spending money. At Cancun, the pool hours are extended to 10 pm. There's nothing better than swimming on a warm night. It's my favorite time to swim!Second, if you're into waterslides, I'll tell you how to get the most velocity out of them. It's all about body position. Like I said, I worked at one and had a lot of time on my hands in my younger days to figure out the optimal way to ride. To achieve maximum velocity, you want to lie as flat as possible and then arch your back slightly so that your weight is supported by your heels and your shoulder blade area. WIthout that extra friction from your torso, you will absolutely fly... in the pictures, you will see my brother riding normally and then you will see me. The difference is that when I exit the the tube, I'm going so fast that I literally launch to the other side of the pool where the steps are. My brother (and everyone else that goes a normal speed) stops about 10 to 15 feet from the stairs... Enjoy your stay at the Cancun Resort!!!!	
Jun 7 2008	Wow!	This resort is great! It is on the south side of Las Vegas Blvd. about a mile from the strip. It is incredibly quiet and relaxing. There are about 6 hot tubs, an enormous pool with waterslides and hammocks everywhere. If you are looking for a relaxing getaway, this is it! After the hustle and bustle of walking through all of the foot traffic on the strip, it is WONDERFUL to come back to the peace and quiet at Cancun Villas. Our room had two bedrooms, two enormous bathrooms, a kitchen, dining room and living area. There is a grocery store down the road (Vons) so it was easy to eat in. I would only make one recommendation if you decide to stay here...you will need a vehicle to get around! Otherwise, your only access to the strip would be the hotel shuttle.	
May 28 2008 	Loved Cancun!!!!!	We booked this place through an exchange with my timeshare. I stayed here for a week with my bridal party for my wedding and it couldn't have been any better. The place is fabulous. The room was great and clean (we stayed in a 2 br suite). They provided a crib for my 1 year old. The pool was wonderful and really relaxing. It was enough room for me and the 5 girls that stayed with me. About 10 minutes from the strip and they provide a free shuttle. So it was close, but still far enough from the craziness. There's a grocery store right across the street which was great for stocking up on food and drinks. Overall, loved the place and would definitely stay here again!	
May 10 2008 	Wished we could stay longer!	We only stayed one night as we were in town for a wedding, but from the time we checked in which was about 4 hours early, they were great. Marco was great on the phone and equally helpful in person. He even called to let us know the room was ready and told us about the pool pass. Our room was a 2 bedroom and was very clean and well taken care. The whole resort appeared as if it was well maintained. Everyone we had contact with seemed friendly and helpful. We had breakfast in the Cafe by the pool and it was great, lots of food and tasty. The pool is awesome. The only problem I could see was if your in Vegas for the action this might be a little far, especially in traffic, since we were not it did not matter. I would love to come back with friends just to relax around the pool!! Thanks Marco and Nicholas!	
May 6 2008 	Best pool !	Cancun Resort has a very lovely, large pool complete with waterslides. The water temperature is nice and warm. The pool is huge -- you can literally float on an air mattress and not bump into anyone (very relaxing). If you want some peace and relaxation - this is the place. Plenty of lounge chairs, situated in small, private groupings. We never had difficulty finding a chair at any time of the day. The 1 bedroom room was nice and clean. It had a spacious balcony. My only criticism is the carpet could be replaced, it wasn't dirty or stained, but showing it's age. The master bath had a 2 person jetted bath tub. Cancun resort also has a shuttle to the strip (we never used this service). In comparison to a larger &quot;strip&quot; resort, this was much easier to navigate and less stressful. Each building had it's own small covered parking lot, finding your vehicle was super easy. The pool was only a few steps from the elevator. Not all the crazy walking like the larger highrise resorts.We had an enjoyable stay. This is a timeshare property - we purchased by the night through expedia, with no sales seminar required.	
May 3 2008 	Great - Only if you don't want to go to the strip	We were excited when we first arrived even with the complete apathy of the staff at the front desk and frank rudeness at the package gift counter. The pool area is very nice (exceptionally well kept) as was our room (old but clean). We arrived on a Wednesday with very few people in house and was the only day we were able to use the shuttle without incident.Shuttle does not start until Noon and ends at 12:15am. It is supposed to run every 20 minutes. It never did - we ended up spending a fortune in cab rides. Our last night becuase of an inept driver it took us nearly 11/2 hours to make the 4 mile trip. We were there for the last shuttle and the same driver shrugged - the bus was filled up and he was not coming back. If you are not planning on going to the strip or have a car and don't mind paying for the parking at the strip, it's a clean place to stay with a nice pool area.One really big positive was the surprisingly great day Spa. If you decide to stay here anyway, make sure you hit the spa- Cindy was fantastic.	
Apr 28 2008 	Great place to stay!	this is a great place to stay. we got a great rate through Expedia and it was well worth it. The grounds and pool were beautiful and my 10 yr old loved the waterslides. My only complaint would be that there was no kiddie pool. I have a 14 month old and there was no place for her to play. The room was spacious and clean and the staff was friendly. I will definitely return.	
Apr 25 2008 	Excellent Resort!	We stayed at the Cancun Resort during April this year. We had a 2 bedroom suite, and the rooms were clean and spacious, and the decor very nice. The hotel itself has beautiful grounds and an amazing pool, which is heated. It is not on the strip but that did not bother us one bit, as it was just a short 5 minute drive to the strip. It is perfect for a relaxing stay.We had a wonderful time at the Cancun and in Vegas and would definately consider staying here again!	
Apr 21 2008 	Paid for a 2 bdr at the last minute given a 1bdr.	The company Las Vegas Getaways hooked me up with Monarch Resorts-Cancun resort in Las Vegas Nevada through a radio promotion. Las Vegas Getaways called me on a Sunday the day of my Wedding after I told them what day to call. Then they put me through to the Cancun resort to make and pay for the reservation. At that point I paid for a 2 bdr suite, this was back in Feb, now 2 days before the reservation i get an email confirming a 1 bdr. I call both the resort and Las Vegas Getaways and I'm told that they can give me my money back but that is all they can do. At this point it is to late for me to make alternate reservations, so I pretty much have to take it up the u know what.	
Apr 20 2008 	great!	This is a great resort for a fairly low price. It is at the far south end of Las vegas Blvd (the strip). We discovered, thanks to GPS, it is much quicker to get on I-15 than to drive up and down the strip. The resort was very clean. Check in was a breeze. They let us check in a few hours before check in. The pool and surrounding area are immacuate!! The suites are a little small but adequate. We had a two bedroom two bath. Both have whirlpoool tubs and they both worked well. We used the very large balcony daily and nightly. We had a view of the mountains. The sunrise and sunset were dramatic! Everything in our suite was clean. They say no daily housekeeping, but we had it daily without asking. Very friendly staff for the most part. The concierge could be more helpful. She stared at her computer for 2 minutes before acknowledging my presence. Overall, great place to stay and will return.	
Apr 10 2008 	Great stay at the Cancun	My sister and I rented a two bedroom suite and were very surprised by the size. It was huge. One bedroom had a king size bed with ensuite that was huge and the other bedroom had a queen size bed and the bathroom was located just outside the bedroom and was also very large. Both bathrooms had jacuzzi tubs. We took advantage of the Food 4 Less store which is located just a 5 minute walk from the resort and bought everything we needed for breakfast and we went there and bought our dinner one night. We had the best roasted chicken from their deli we had ever had. The pool area was fabulous and the hotel staff are very attentive and polite. It reminds you of a hotel resort down in the Caribbean. If you stay less than 5 days you do not get daily maid service unless you want to pay for it, but they do come in and change the towels and take the garbage out daily. We found the shuttle service quite good and the drivers were very friendly. If I had any criticisms it would be that the furnishing in our room were a bit out dated and you could not open the dishwasher door to put your dishes in unless you opened up the refrigerator door. Overall it was a fantastic stay and great bargain. We both decided that we would definitely stay there again, but would ask for a room overlooking the pool area.	
Apr 6 2008 	Loved it!	After reading some of the reviews I was a little bit apprehensive. I loved the place and our stay wasn't long enough. The pool was great, the hot tubs even better and the fact that the place had slides was even more awesome. Our room was clean, had two bathrooms and a pull out sofa. It easily slept 5! A bigger plus was that the building we stayed in was energy saving! yes.. so if you are energy concious, this is very comforting (note* yes I do know that nothing about las vegas is enery saving) We took the shuttle a few times and the drivers were friendly and when we walked around the staff/maintenance greeted us every time! My son and I ate breakfast at the Coba Cafe, which in the pyramid and it was great! He got two pig pancakes, a THREE egg omelette, hashbrowns, a big piece of ham and hot cocoa! He couldnt eat it all and had enough to take back some to his cousin who got full too! the only drawbacks were, is that some of the pool staff was young, and were more interested in their freinds than working. but that is teenagers for you! We drove across to the food 4 less and bought groceries which was great! There is also a 1 buck movie rental machine in there if you want to go that route and have a movie night The shuttle did get full at the end of the evening when everyone was trying to get on the last shuttle back. the fare was only 14 bucks from the MGM (which is the first/last stop on the monorail) to the resort, which is okay for me! II am going back soon, when it is warmer to stay at the pool all day.. (they had activities planned for young children!!) There is even an observation deck on one of the buildings that I didn't get too. and I dont want to forget the best part.. the bathtubs!! Both rooms had jacuzzi tubs! So if you want relaxing then this is the place to stay, its quiet, clean, and pretty. and then you can go out and party all night at the strip!	
Mar 22 2008 	A rather so/so experience	Overall the property was decent, but there were a few things that I was unimpressed with.First, our room had no air conditioning. Turning the A/C on would result in the heat coming on, and since this was Spring Break, management had no other rooms to offer us. We resorted to just opening the windows, which made things bearable.The other was the shuttle to the Strip. It ran from Noon-Midnight, stopping at the resort and at the Tropicana every 30 minutes. There was only one shuttle running with about 15 seats on it. Keep in mind again that this was Spring Break and many times there were people left behind by the shuttle because it didn't run often enough to accomodate everyone. Cab fare to and from the various casinos on the Strip ranged from 20-30 dollars, so that was an expensive option.Having the shuttle stop at the Tropicana was also a bit inconvenient, as the Tropicana is located at the far south end of the Strip.Overall, it was a decent place to stay, but I will be staying somewhere on the Strip or with better shuttle service on my next trip to Las Vegas.	
Mar 19 2008 	peaceful restful vegas	Ok I was concerned about going to Las Vegas for my son's wedding. I had a little bronchitis and didn't relish breathing smoke so we stayed at the Cancun. Woke up on a beautiful sunny day went out by the pool and heard the sounds of waterfalls and birds. 2 bedroom suite with comfortable pull out sofa so a total of 5 people slept in the suite (says slept 6 but my son is over 6 ft). Approx a mile from the strip. I rented a car but the cabs make frequent runs. Very family friendly: jacuzzi, waterslides, game room billiards, patio, across the street from the library. Out let mall in the next block. 7-11 in the next block for a slurpee fix. Room had 1 king and the other room had 2 double beds. bathrooms very large each had a jucuzzi tub and shower. Very clean. Carpet was worn funiture drab but clean and very reasonably priced . Did go to the casisnos and as I predicted was very uncomfortable due to the smokes impact on my breathing.	
Mar 3 2008	Excellent highly recommend it	Great value for the price. Fairly new, so smells good. Clean, roomy, nice furniture. Its a suite with kitchen, dining room and living room. 3/4 bathroom off living room with a folding wall to separate off the living room so it can be used as an extra bedroom. 1 bedroom unit can sleep 4, 2 bedroom unit can sleep 6. No gambling so nice and quiet. Highly recommended.	
Feb 18 2008 	great family-friendly place	My family stayed at this resort as timeshare owners. We had a 7 month old child, and 70-yar old grandparents with us. The staff was very friendly at check-in. The 2 bedroom suite had a kitchen with stove and refrigerator, living room with pull-out sofa, and dining room. The suite was clean, and the bathrooms generous. The rooms were large enough that we could fit a portable crib at one side. The pool area was clean and had a slide. Our group had great fun hanging out at the pool area. The snack bar had good food to choose from. It is not in the middle of the Strip, but there is shuttle service going to and from the main area of the Strip. The spa was small, and it did not make efforts to conceal clutter of lotions, so it was not as relaxing as it could have been. My only criticisms are that the bathtubs were very deep for older people to step in and out of, the latch on the balcony door was difficult to use and we thought we were locked out once, and the sofabed could not be left open during the day or else it blocked the whole living room.	
Feb 18 2008 	Loved it only one small problem already booked again for this year.	We stayed here for 5 days during Spring Break of 07. Reserved through a hotel internet site, not as part of a time share. This was our first stay at a non-casino hotel, so we weren't sure how we would like it. It was really a nice place for us. We brought our young son who loved the pool and waterslides. On our first day, we went grocery shopping and spent about $35 (for 3) for breakfast and lunch food for the whole stay, which was great. We spent mornings at the pool, ate lunch back in the room, then went &quot;out&quot; in the afternoon/evenings. So we saved a lot, only buying one restaurant meal a day. Still had lots of &quot;gambling time&quot;. They have a complimentary shuttle, but it was always full, so we just took our own car . They should probably have more frequent shutles, although we were there during a busy week. We had the one bedroom last time, which was great. The kitchen was fully functional with full size stove, fridge etc. I don't understand the comments about the kitchen being small? I thought it was great for a hotel/time share? The carpet was a little worn, so hopefully they are working on replacing it. There are sliding shutters so you can close off the living room for privacy as a second bedroom, and still access the kitchen, so that was nice. Otherwise, yeah it was a little &quot;dark&quot; if you had the shutters closed, but it is decorated in those colors, tans/browns etc. so why don't people just open their shutters and let some light in? We had the slider open a lot, with a little balcony to sit on, it was very nice. We had no problems with bugs, dirty linens, trash etc. So not sure where these other travelers stayed? It was very clean and a really nice place for our family. We had one small problem with a maintenence man who chased my 8 year-old son and myself out of a jacuzzi because the capacity was exceeded, although the majority of the occupants were kids about 3 years old who were in there with their parents. The sign clearly indicated no kids under 6 ( I think that was the age). But since we were the last to get it, he kicked us out instead of all of the underage kids?? So we went to the next jacuzzi (there are many), and he followed and kicked us out of that on too, saying it was an &quot;adults only&quot;. Ugh!! That was frustring and I did complain to management, although I would say that they didn't seem too interested in my complaint? But otherwise, we had a nice time and are staying again next month for Spring Break 08, this time in a two bedroom. I would recommend to anyone for the price.	
Jan 14 2008 	Fantasic value! Very happy!	Our AAA travel agent found this for our Vegas stay. What a pleasant surprise! We were very happy with it and felt we got excellent value. This place is now on the the top of my list of places to stay in Las Vegas.The room was great. It had a fully stocked kitchen, a dining room, a living room, a bedroom with a huge comfortable bed, and an enormous on-suite bathroom. The bathroom featured a jacuzzi tub. There is also another bathroom with shower off the living room.The staff were friendly, courteous, and efficient.it is a 10 minute drive down LV Blvd from The Strip. If you are driving in LV, then this is a great deal. You can drive up to the hotels on the strip and part for free up there.I did not get a chance to walk around the grounds, or try out their pool, etc. But being the middle of January and cold outside, it was not an issue.	
Jan 13 2008 	Great Place to Stay	Stayed here with my husband and two kids, in a one bedroom condo unit. I was very skeptical after reading the reviews posted here and I must say all the bad reviews this resort has received are all nonsense. We checked in on Sunday, early evening, and was welcomed with warm chocalate chip cookies and many smiling faces We got to our room and called for a rollaway, but they do not provide them, so the kind front desk staff offered to have extra bedding and an egg crate mattress brought to our room. The room was very clean and amenties were just as stated on the resorts website. The extereior and common areas of the resort were always clean and I felt very safe letting our 10 year old daughter walk the grounds with her 13year old brother each night.The pool was a lot of fun for the kids, they had three of the waterslides open and a lifeguard is on duty the whole time the pool is open.We ate dinner in the Caribe Lounge one night and the food was very tasty(no foreign object of any kind), and the staff hlepful and friendly.Every evening the kids would go to the club house and play pool for a couple of hours.We will definitely be staying there again.	
Jan 12 2008 	Simply a nice place	We've been to Vegas so many times and stayed at different strip hotels but our last 2 winter visits were booked in this resort via Monarch Resorts. The place is about 3-5 miles to the strip which is a good thing as it limits your time in the casino (remember, you will lose 9 of 10 times you gamble) and enables you to explore the other Vegas and do other stuff, like shopping in the nearby Belz factory outlet or visiting Hoover Dam and Lake Mead.The resort is well maintained. Our 1 bedroom 2 bath suite was clean and the king bed was comfortable The living room had a sleeper sofa. The suite was located on the ground floor of the rear left building and there were ample outdoor parking. The wifi connection was really strong (Youtube loaded quick) and rate was about $10 a day or $19 for 3 days. If you have no laptop there were PCs available in the recreation room which also had 4 pool tables and 2 pingpong tables. Front desk was friendly and room service was prompt. Heating was OK. There were complimentary cookies and water at the reception area. Shuttles to and from the strip (Tropicana) ran past midnight. Since it was winter and the low temps were in the 30s, the swimming pools were closed but I saw kids in the heated jacuzzis. Housekeeping was very limited (once a week?) so re-use your towels (call room service to request fresh ones) and throw your garbage in the bins located in the basement parking. The self-service baggage trolleys were quite helpful.The advantage of a timeshare suite versus the hotel is having the kitchen which allows you to wake up late and eat in (kitchen small but functional.) This is not only convenient but also economical. We loaded up on groceries at the Food 4 Less across the street for $50 and that took care of our breakfasts, snacks and brunches for 4 days. Next to Food 4 Less were restaurants and stores including Starbucks and Panda Express. The only complaint we had have was the noise from the sliding door caused by howling wind one night that was really loud in the living room. But then we were too sleepy to care.Two Vegas tips: traffic is always heavy on the strip so remember these two side streets: Koval and Paradise. If you are into buffet and gambling bargain deals, buy a coupon book (check out Las Vegas Advisor's $37 book that has plenty of 2 for 1 offerings.)Have a winning Vegas trip, baby.	
Jan 9 2008 	Great place to stay!	This is a great place to stay in Las Vegas. It has everything you need and would want in your room. Far enough from the strip to get a break, but only takes 3-5 min to be right back in the middle of the strip. Great pool for young and old.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great place!	We have stayed at this resort approximately five times now. It is one of our favorite resorts to visit for a getaway in Las Vegas. Every time we have been there, our room/villa was impeccably clean, the guest service was prompt with extra towels or whatever we requested. The pool, of course, is a great feature. But I really enjoy the on-site spa for relaxing. They have massage therapists that are really exceptional.I will recommend this place to all who ask.	
Nov 19 2007 	Learn some customer service please	On our second night there I woke up at 2:30am to go to the bathroom. When I turned on the lights there were cockroaches everywhere in my bathroom and my bedroom. They were even crawling on my suitcase. I ran through the villa waking up everyone and turning on lights. The front desk told me to come down and get started on paperwork for a new room. No apology, no nothing. We got a new room, which was smelly, dirty, and faced the parking lot. My cockroach room at least had a nice poolside/courtyard view. Refused the room and was told there was nothing else he could do for me until the manager arrived at 9am. Mind you it was about 4am now and that meant sitting around for 5 hours. There were 5 of us girls who went away for a &quot;girl’s weekend&quot; and now in our pajamas with hardly any sleep we were stuck to wait in the lobby until 9am. I suppose we could have gone back to our cockroach room, or the dirty new room but considering the money we spent I felt we deserved better. We got kicked out of the lobby by security at 6:30am because the hotel didn't want people checking out or checking in to see us. We went to breakfast and Walmart to kill time and buy one of the girls some new clothes. I realize this was her choice, but she had a full blown anxiety / panic attack when she saw the roaches on her things. She left 75% of her belongings in the cockroach room because she could not even handle bringing them home with her. She spent $100 at Walmart to get through the last 2 days of our trip. When we got back we were given a long overdue apology, 1 free meal for all 5 of us at the cafe on the grounds (which served sandwiches and frys), no compensation to my friend who bought new clothes, and the best of all... another 3 hour wait out by the hotel pool in our pajamas while we waited for people to check out so we could get ANOTHER new room! I will never go back here, nor will any of my friends. For the price that we paid and the fact that our building was a time share I thought we would not have had any problems. I am extremely disappointed with how our situation was handled. The disrespect we were shown from the front desk, the nonchalant attitude the manager took with us, and the lack of compensation for our inconvenience and experience screams of poor management. Next time I will handle my own arrangements because when I phoned Expedia for assistance I spent most of 90 minutes on hold only to be told that they could not do anything until the manager arrived either. Of course they could have found us a new hotel, but we would have had to pay for it. In my experience a well run business should always have someone on duty who can make decisions to alleviate a problem, no matter what time of day it is. I guess we can all chalk it up to &quot;live and learn&quot;. I will be following other travelers’ advice more closely and sticking with &quot;big name&quot; hotels in Vegas. I took pictures of the roaches as proof, and would be happy to email photos.	
Nov 5 2007 	Very Nice Resort / Clean / Quiet / Asteticly Pleasing	I really enjoyed my stay at the Cancun Resort. I really don't have a whole lot more to say than what previous positive reviewers have said.. I had just read a few bad reviews before my visit and I just want to set the record straight that this place is far from being a dump. The The condos were very nice and I loved the furnishings. The Pool was nicely landscaped with plenty of little private shaded nooks throughout the property. Loved the free pool rafts and hammocks. Everyting you need is on site.. The convience store had just about anything an travler would be looking for. It was very easy to get the the strip Casinos... Just pull out of the driveway onto Las Vegas Blvd and drive north about 4 miles. Don't except the same sort of service you would get at a Four Seasons Resort... This is one of those timeshare's that is not like a hotel resort.. So you must critique it that way. As a timeshare, it is one of the nicest I've stayed in. Overall, my stay was a very comfortable one. They did have a sports bar by the pool that stayed open until 10:00PM that also serves food.I do recommend a car since this resort is a bit away from public transportation... I enjoyed staying somewhere without a Casino since I was there for an entire week, it really didn't matter.	
Nov 2 2007 	Superior Resort - Best Experience Ever In Vegas	This is a Winner and deserves a much higher rating (atleast 25 points higher). Highly Recommended! We just returned from the Monarch Cancun Resorts in Vegas and it was the best experience at any resort we've ever had. The room was very clean/sanitized, the service was excellent and the Cancun people were super nice. The customer service by the entire staff made our stay very enjoyable and relaxing.Excellent Excellent Excellent - the room (two bedroom in the newer wing) was as good as any resort we've visited in the last 10 years and it was very clean. The beds were very comfortable. We stayed in the newer wing section (Building 5). Yes, we were skeptical on what to expect because of some of the negative reviews that we read in trip advisor, but we were pleasantly suprised at the excellent room. Excellent - Pool, Game room and bar service. I especially enjoyed relaxing in the poos and jacuzzis.We can't wait to return.	
Oct 3 2007 	Awesome!!!	After I planned this exchange I went on line to check out the site. I found some of the uncomplimentary reviews and began to worry. Well I want to put anyone's mind to rest who has the same thoughts. This resort is awesome. It is off the strip and thus quiet. The staff were always attentive and helped us whenever we asked. Our 2 bedroom unit was spotless, well equiped and we actually used the kitchen and 2 of us were in there at once. Everything that I needed was stocked in the kitchen and there is a Food 4 Less right across the street for supplies.The one hard thing was transportation. There is no shuttle from the airport so you need to get a cab, or one of the CTS (?) airport shuttles. There is a CanCun shuttle which takes you to the Tropicana, and the South Point Shuttle also comes by. There is a trolley which comes by fairly often and you can get a day pass $4.25 or a night pass $4.25 but you have to transfer several times and it can be time consuming. If you aren't on a schedule it is very easy to get around. Leave plenty of time tho if you have a time schedule. The pool was beautiful. There was always somewhere to sit and they had good towels and a nice little store for sundries and souveniers (fair prices). They had lifegaurds there until 10 PM. A couple of the hot tubs were a little cool, and I would have liked the hot tubs to be open later. The restaurant is fairly generic, but we had room service several times and the food was great. I had a salmon dinner which was one of the best I have ever had.  The concierge was helpful and had answers to all our questions. The front desk staff were welcoming and check in and check out was a breeze. The lounge is well staffed and has food available later than the restaurant. The bartenders are all great. There is a exercise room and a full service Day Spa. Both are on site and it isn't hard to get an appointment. Each building has available guest washing facilities. We were in the main building, which is the oldest building and had a view directly towards the pool. The room and resort were so comfortable and relaxing that we spent alot of time right there. One other item that people complained about was the A/C and ours was great. The spa tubs were wonderful and there was ample hot water to actually use them. ALL IN ALL it was a wonderful resort, wonderful staff and I would go again in a heart beat.	
Sep 18 2007 	Enjoyed but understand the bad reviews	We just returned from our stay at the Cancun resort. First of all, I’m a very easy person to please and I can understand why this resort has gotten all the bad reviews. I’ve stayed at two other timeshare resorts which were both immaculate with huge kitchens and washer/dryer in the unit. At the Cancun resort we had a one-bedroom Villa with 2 bathrooms. This Villa was about ¼ of the size of the other resorts we’ve stayed at. And when you read that only one person can be in the kitchen at a time that is not an exaggeration. The kitchen is very small. This didn’t bother us because we never used it anyway. Overall, the villa was clean and comfortable. However, if you are looking for perfection then this is definitely not the place for you. The lampshade in the living room had a huge whole in it. It looked like the light bulb got too hot and burned right through the shade. In the bathroom right off of the living room, it looked like the sink had been ripped from the wall and just placed back and the shower did not even work (the water didn’t turn on). In the bathroom off of the bedroom, there were several scuffs on the walls and the towel rack had been ripped off of the wall and was just lying on the floor (wholes in the wall were it used to be). It seems they would have attempted to fix all of these issues before the next guest arrived. With all that said, we didn’t spend much time in the room anyway and the swimming pool area was fabulous!!! The pool was very clean and very spacious. I always found a lounge chair to lie in and always got a raft when I wanted it. We never had a problem parking although underground parking was limited. We would definitely return because we liked the location (off the strip), unit was clean, and pool area was wonderful.	
Aug 6 2007 	horrible disgrace!	I TRADED IN HERE through interval international....DO NOT waste your week like we did. this place is a disgrace ! garbage all over the elevator floors all week and garbage all over the garage level all week also! there was no toilet paper or tissues or soap in the rooms. we were in the newest building and the lampshade was torn, the carpet was filthy and full of holes. they never came for the mid week cleaning as promised, so we called and they charged us $50. for the cleaning! the pool was ice cold. this place does not deserve 1 star it is awful. i turned the knob on the sink and the knob fell off! the outlet did not work for the hair dryer and maintenance could not fix it either! What a horrible disappointment. do not be fooled by the interval rating, listen to the people that actually stayed here. i wish i listened to all the bad comments before i wasted my week here! knick knacks are glued to the shelf in the unit and evidently were broken and since they were glued down you now have the remaining broken piece permanantly attached to the shelf. HORRIBLE DISGRACE, STAY FAR AWAY!!!	
Jul 9 2007 	This does not deserve any Stars	It is impossible to comprehend how Interval International, with whom we arranged our exchange, could give this Resort a 5 Star rating.The entire resort is untidy, bordering on dirty and unkempt. The air conditioning and water systems are decrepit and noisey. The service level provided by the employees is casual to say the least. Our unit was advertised for six people but the sleeping accommodation was not large enough for sleeping six adults due to the limited available space and absence of sufficient storage space for clothing. The kitchen area was far too small and not sufficiently equipped for six people. When the inventory was checked numerous items were missing and not replaced when requested. There were strange artificial plants dotted about which were dusty, had pieces falling off and took up too much space. The furniture was old and I have seen better in a charity shop. The blinds did not close properly and let in light from the balcony light which came on automatically every evening and could not be turned off. The linen and towels had definitely seen better days.After our first night there we had to change rooms because we could not sleep due to the noisy air conditioning and water rushing through the pipes. We were told by a completely disinterested member of staff at 3am there was nothing they could do about it and speak to the manager in the morning! They obviously thought that if they were awake why shouldn't we be!!The second room was no better because 2 people could not sleep in the lounge area due to the noise again from the a/c and the fridge/freezer.Both of our rooms were in the Merida building which we were told was a new block, god knows what the inside of an old block is like.During the weekend we were there the resort was very crowded due to the fact the hotel seems to issue day passes to people to use the pool. Rules for behaviour around the pool and in the public areas are disregarded by these visitors and not enforced by the local management. The pool access gates were never locked and so the pool was open to all comers as well as paying guests.The underground parking is fine but there are only limited number of spaces under each block and when they are gone - the car fries. The lock on the security door from the underground parking in the Merida building was broken so any non resident could access the inside of block without having to use a pass key.We checked in on 1 June for a week but left after 3 nights and went to the Marriott Chateau. It cost us big bucks but we did not fly nearly 11 hours across the Pond to stay in this kind of hotel it would have completely ruined our week.	
Jun 27 2007 	Money Spent On Pool....Not Rooms...	This place is nice from the pics posted on the Interval website, though upon arriving and after inquiring we found out the room pics on the site are of the Penthouse Suite, not their regular rooms.We stayed in building 4 the Yuccatan (aptly named). The place is a dump! They appeared to have spent all of their funds on the pool area and left the rooms alone.To begin with, there is no a/c working in the elevators, for the whole week not a bit of a/c in any of them. Of course when you took the elevator to view the penthouse suite on the presentation that a/c worked just fine.The room is billed on Interval has having a kitchen, it should be a LK instead of K. The kitchen is extremely small, only large enuf for one person at a time, and if someone wants in the frig or oven you have to step out of it so they can open the door. The dishwasher rack was broken, the door that holds in the powders wouldnt stay shut. There was very few utensils, plates, bowls, etc in a place that is suppose to accomodate 6 people. Basic kitchen supplies like soap had not been restocked. Food under the kitchen table, someone did not vacuum under there.The living room was lacking furniture again for a place that says it will accomodate 6 people, had 1 chair and 1 small couch. The place is very dark, whoever put in the canister lights in the ceiling put them all 3 in a row on one side of the rooms only in each room leaving the rest of the room dark. The master rooms mind blinds had weights on the strings from where they had been retied so much, the strings were off the slats and they didnt close completely which left it very bright in there at night cause there is a huge light right outside the window that comes on at night that you cannot turn off! The master is small with a king bed, though seems more of a queen size to us but the night stands are huge things with huge clunky lamps and lampshades from a gone by era that take up most of the room. A corner ent.center takes up what little space is left. The shower is awful, its large, largest I've ever seen though didnt matter when opening a Pepsi gets you more pressure than this shower has, you have to stand directly under it to feel anything and I'm sure a few days I never got wet at all..The bathrooms are extremely long though for what reason we dont know, it was just wasted space that could of been used for the kitchen, bedroom, anywhere else really. They have huge fake plants sitting around that take up lots of room, we moved all of those to a corner, they added nothing to the decor and were oddly sitting in the strangest places where they were directly hindering you trying to walk to rooms. A ceiling fan when you first enter the room is great, but why not put any in the rooms or living room? You can only turn the heat/ac to off or on, low, med, or high. No picking a temp you'd like and just set it and forget it. A lot of mirrors, if you're into that you wont be disappointed. They put them above each bed, in the hallways to the bedrooms and in the eating area behind the kitchen table. Why is anybodys guess. None of us were keen on watching ourselves eating in the mirror...lolThere are no baking pans, only a couple old pots and pans that are not non stick and 2 sizes of pyrex dishes, thats it. We had to wash utensils just so someone else could eat, and there are no drawers in the kitchen, all of the utensils are up in the cabinets, thats how small this kitchen is...no dang drawers..LOLI would not recommend this place. If you can avoid it, please do at all costs. On the other hand, all of their money has gone into the pools and waterslides area which I was told is very nice, I didnt personally go check them out.If you like dark, dingy and most things broken or not working then this is definately the place for you.	
Jun 27 2007 	Enjoyed...Hope to Return!	We went to the Cancun Resort and I must say we enjoyed it very much. After reading a few reviews I was a little skeptical about how the trip was going to turn out. When we got there we walked the property to see what was going on and we were pleased 2 c the grounds were and clean. The concierge was very friendly and knowledgable of what to do for the nightlife. The Caribu Lounge had pretty good drinks. The rooms were private and it felt like home away from home. What we enjoyed the most was the jacuzzi with the complimentary hammock under the trees. Even though the weather was scorchin' it was still enjoyable. The Strip was only about 10 minutes away by car. There is free parking which is great depending on what end of the strip you want to be on. To sum it all up We enjoyed our visit and plan on going back.	
May 11 2007 	LOVED IT	We are owners of this resort via timeshare..After reading some of the reviews I didn't know what to expect but after we spend a week there for our 36th Anniversary, I wonder if the people writing the bad reviews stayed at the same hotel.....We had a beautiful room, Wonderful friendly service, staff and a fabulous time....I will stay at this resort every time I go to Vegas. My husband and I travel alot both in our RV and at our Time shares and this in one of the Best......I can only give it 10 stars in every catagory......	
May 10 2007 	Not a 5 Star Resort	We were there 4/29-5/06 had 2 seperate two bedroom units. Overall we were 8 people. The resort is pretty far from the strip which can be a plus or neg. depending on your funds for gambling. I have to agree with the previous reviews of the rooms looking dreadful. It is VERY true. It's very dark, depressing and not mexican at all. The furniture looks like it was picked up at a yard sale in need of lots of TLC. The kitchen is super small, the only plus is the bathrooms. They are huge, they probably could have cut them in half and made bigger closets. The closets are teenie tiny. The food in the cafe is descent, priced okay. The place does not have a business center that lets you use a computer and printer. The major complaint was that the shuttle service realy sucks. They're tiny shuttle vans some with working a/c that only seat 13 people. Everytime we went to get in line there was already about 10 if not more waiting; so we'd get a cab, which we always had to get 2 cabs. Pricey if you multiply this times 7 days. The worst is trying to get a shuttle for the airport. I had to call about 8 different shuttle companies to hire a bus. 99% of them don't go outside the strip so do your homework before you go if it's a big party.I think the tahiti village looked alot better.	
Apr 20 2007	The pictures don't lie	If you view the pics of the resort on the web you will not be disppointed upon arriving. The rooms are spacious and the view from the balcony of the desert, outstanding. It feels nothing like the usual &quot;hotel&quot; experience. The kitchen is a nice touch. The only thing I disliked was the shower. The water would leak onto the tile floor of the restroom because there is no shower curtain. That weekend was too windy for a swim but the pool is great especially for children. We ate at the bar and the food was reasonably priced. The staff was helpful in assisting me when I locked myself out of the room. This place is very family friendly and great. Even though your a short drive from the strip and we had a car the resort does provide shuttle service.	
Apr 8 2007 	Spacious well-appointed apartment-like suites. Great for family travel.	We got booked at the Cancum resort because Travelocity screwed up a previous reservation at a different Las Vegas hotel. I don't recommend ever using Travelocity again, but in this case, I'm glad we got to stay at the Cancun.It's about 3 miles due south from the southend of the Strip so you need a car. You need a car anyway, if you're planning to do any significant tours of the Strip. The hotel is made up of apartment suites and has something like 4-6 separate buildings (I can't remember the exact number). The theme is mayan, and there's a parklike area in the middle with a mockup of a big mayan temple and a water slide. Great way to keep the kids entertained. We got one of the one-bedroom suites (they have two-bedroom ones as well). It had a small full kitchen, one dining room area, one living room area that could convert into it's own bedroom, and the master bedroom. There are two bathrooms, one off the master bedroom that is gigantic with a whirlpool bathtub, and another one off the living room/2nd bedroom. I can't remember the exact price I paid for it, but I do remember it being quite the steal. Most likely it is a better bargain because it is off the Strip. But if you're going to have a car anyway, why not stay a bit further away and pay a lot less?	
Apr 3 2007 	Another great weekend at the Cancun!	We are a member of the Cancun Resort and other properties and love going there. The rooms are great and the people that work there are super friendly and helpful! I like that there is a fully stocked kitchen and tv's in the rooms and living area. The linens are fresh and clean. Our kids love the pool and water slides and the game room gives them some extra activities to do after a long day walking around on the strip. The kids can bring movies to watch and we fill the fridge with lots of snacks for a fun weekend get away. Most of the other guests/members are friendly and we have met other couples and famlies there. We like that it is not right on the strip, because we can relax with our family without all the crazy Vegas atmosphere going on non-stop. After all day or night on the strip coming back to the resort to hang out and relax the until late the next morning is great. The resort offers a shuttle to casinos and cabs are available also. We usually take our own vehicle and valet park it at one of the local casino's on the strip. Casino's will valet park for free, just have to tip the valet.I can't stress enough how great the staff at the Cancun is! They always work with us on any issues and really do a great job to make sure your experience is fun. I say this because when we were checking out, there was a guest that was giving the staff a hard time because they arrived without making reservations and &quot;expecxted&quot; a room. Just because you are a member, does not mean you can just show up when you want. Make reservations ahead of time and be extra polite and they will do anything for you. Knowing the staff, had there been something available I'm sure they would have accomodated this individual.	
Mar 7 2007 	Details DO Make A Difference	Upon arrival, my husband and I observed the artificial plants / flowers in the planters outside the lobby area. First impression: Low budget property. Our one bedroom &quot;cave&quot; was dark and unappealing. The one bedroom is suitable for two, no more. One of the two sinks in the master bath did not drain, although maintenance attempted to clear the drain. The rack over the toilet in the second bath was not secure, therefore not safe to place toiletries. The bathtowels seemed clean, but stained and worn. We do not recommend margaritas at the Caribe Lounge. A Courtesy Shuttle is available to the strip and Fremont Street. Fremont Street is a must see if you have not experienced it before. The laser light show is at 8:00pm and the street entertainment was good. The Courtesy Shuttle schedule does not pick you up until midnight. We found the 4 hours was too long for our taste, yet if we were gamblers the 4 hours might had gone by quickly. We were shown a 2 bedroom and the Penthouse accomodations. Both were airy and nice..although our decision was not to purchase this time share.	
Feb 15 2007 	very clean 	Went with family &amp; stayed at this resort.When we arrived I was quite pleased to see a nice well lite reception, which was pleasing to the eye. Our appartment was very large &amp; well equipped with cooker, microwave, kettle,fridge, tv .etc &amp; we had a separate dining area &amp; the views of the strip @ night were amazing. our bedroom was very clean &amp; comfortable &amp; the maids came daily &amp; always replaced comp toiletries. We also had a huge jacuzzi bath.On our 1st day we ordered breakfast ( the works!) from the resorts diner. The food arrived piping hot &amp; lots of it! the fruit smoothies are a must &amp; I ordered a chilli burger @ dinner time to find it was a burger in a bap covered in chilli concarne! different from what we get back in England but was very tasty.The swimming pools &amp; outdoor hot tub was fab. Opposite the reception they have a travel desk, their trips are quite reasonable &amp; the 2 ladies were very helpful.Calls back to the U.K are very expensive so buy a phone card from cancuns machines &amp; use their phone booths &amp; you can call home for a fraction of the price.The resort is quite far away, from the strip. you cant walk it.But dont let that put u off, because the resort do offer a comp shuttle which takes you to the strip &amp; u can jump on &amp; off at different pick up points. Dont take a taxi as they rip you off.They have a fashion outlet on the other side of the road ( resort shuttle stops there) &amp; you can get some great designer bargains.We had a great time here &amp; we also felt very safe &amp; would not hesitate in coming back to this resort in the future.	
Dec 18 2006 	Awfully depressing rooms!	The room was decorated with very depressing browns and earth tones and the furniture was very hard and uncomfortable. Service was terrible as they don't clean the rooms everyday ( we could tell by the dusty lamps and tables) and we asked for a pillow and we were abruptly told they were all out and hung up on. Maybe okay for families who just want to hang out by the pool in the summer, but for adults looking for something nice, I wouldn't suggest it. Way too far from the strip or a casino to really enjoy Vegas - even if you drive, it's too far out! There's no casino nearby which defeats some of the reason most people go to Vegas I think.	
Nov 11 2006 	Geat value for resort! kitchen is a plus	I LOVE LOVE THE CANCUN RESORT. I have stayed at the location several times. I love the kitchen area and I love the rooms overall. The jacuzzi tub is a plus. Highly recommend!	
Oct 25 2006 	Great Value	My buddy got a time share in this location. At first we were worried because it seemed so far from the strip. I must say for the price we paid about ($100) a night it was so worth it! (I know he paid extra for his time share program) It had 2 full bedrooms and bathrooms and a decent sized living room/ dining / kitchen! We just stayed there for 2 nights because we were going elsewhere and this was a meeting spot. I loved the morning bar by the HUGE pool. The hammocks are great! We during the early part of the day. They offer free floating boats and have a fun kiddie slides. The resort is pretty big and they offer free rides to the strip. Only till like 11ish? All in all, it was a great place to stay that was away from the strip at a great price	
Oct 12 2006 	Having owned 3 timeshares...........	First of all let is be said that we have been great fans of timeshares having owned up to 5 weeks at resorts in Maine and Hilton Head Island. Initially we were very impressed with the site as we checked in. The hallways were actually cold which is always welcoming when coming in from the heat. We were staying with family in a one bedroom, pull out sofa in the livingroom set up. I give the resort kudos for being able to pull off privacy in that setting. Particularly liked the pull out shutters that made the livingroom private. The room didn't appear that bad initially, a little on the dark side, but bearable. For a room that was &quot;putting its best foot forward&quot; in an effort to make a sale, it was awful. The rug in the livingroom area from the bathroom (light switch behind the door when it opened beside the couch) was worn, discolored and frayed, as in 5-7 inch strands of rug fiber......the walls were filthy throughout parts of the livingroom and they needed painting. (Thought to self, &quot;What ARE they doing with the maintenance fees?&quot;) The air conditioning was non functional so we had windows open during the day and at night. Family member with allergies had a reaction to the dust and mold within the unit. Must say that a call for service of the air conditioning was answered promptly and was quickly resolved.We called the desk to ask about sheets for the pull out sofa and were pleased to learn that the bed was already clean and made up. Shifting to bedtime..................upon pulling out the sofa bed the sheets looked excessively wrinkled and then upon closer inspection saw several 15 inch long strands of hair and (stop reading if you are squeemish) found a big round circle of what appeared to be &quot;body fluid&quot; on the top sheet..........aaarrrrggghhh.......my husband tore the sheets from the mattress, complete with the mattress pad and threw them in the hallway, marched down to the desk and told them what happened and demanded new sheets and a clean mattress pad. The desk person never flinched or apologized but did have fresh sheets delivered within 20 minutes.......The parking set up where we were required parking on the side of the building (across from afore mentioned construction) and then a walk through a bit of an alley between the two buildings. There was no lighting at all and no visible security. The buildings have no electrical security. No key cards to get into the buildings which are wide open, no key necessary for the elevator...The resort has LOTS of potential and could do well with better management, improved cleanliness and some security. Again, it has potential, its a shame it isn't be realized...The location is great and very accessible to the strip.......that said, would I stay there again? Nope, just can't get past the sheet thing....	
Oct 5 2006 	Customer service problems and construction	Just returned from a week at the Cancun. The rooms were nice enough, but to the north of the resort is construction that starts at 6am.The customer service received when staying there was way below expectations. Only after contacting the corporate ownership, my concerns were dealt with. I bought the weeks stay through a timeshare and given a terrible room. If you check in on a Sunday for a weeks stay all the good rooms (non construction) may be gone, so be advised.The pool was nice, the food on site was okay. We were woke up one morning by housekeeping trying to get in to clean our room a day early telling us we were supposed to be gone, then told we had to call the front desk to tell them we weren't leaving.Our room wasn't cleaned the day it was supposed to be cleaned, when I called the front desk, they told me I had to call housekeeping, they couldn't. My husband sat in a broken chair by the pool, when we told a staff member, he said there was nothing he could do about the broken chair.There are even more instances, but you get the point.Overall it is a nice enough resort, they just need to work on customer service training with their staff.	
Sep 20 2006 	Awsome	This was great! We invited our friends to stay and only booked 1 bedroom, we had plenty of room and privacy! Would recomend for familys and couples that want to get away from it all! You do need your own car due to the distance from the strip but worth it!Price was moderate and room service was worth it in the morrning! The pool was awsome we spenf the entire day just pool side drinkin' flyn' myans! Word of caution 3 will do ya !	
Aug 31 2006 	Great for kids	This place was fabulous. My husband had to go to Vegas for a convention and My little girl and I came along. We found this place and my daughter and I didn't leave durring the day. The suites are great and it's so great to have a full kitchen when traveling with kids. My daughter loved going swimming but it was a bit cold so she would want to go inside to swim in the huge bathtub in our suite. Perfect, would definatly stay again.	
Jul 23 2006 	Love Love Loved It!	My fiance &amp; I stayed in the one bedroom villa with a pool view in the Cancun Building, and I must say it was like I was in paradise. When we first arrived at the resort we were a little dissapointed on how far the strip was from the resort and there's a lot of construction going on, but needless to say that didn't ruin the experience! A 5 minute drive away from the strip wasn't going to bother me. The staff were very friendly, and the check-in was a breeze.The one bedroom villa was exquisite. It was perfect for the two of us. The master bath jacuzzi tub was a hit, and the mini-kitchen helped save us money since we were t here for a week. The pool was so relaxing, the palm trees and ICE COLD pool helped us forget that it was about 95 degrees @ 10am! The new Caribe Cafe was a great place to get a quick bite, as well as their sundries store just incase you forgot something at home. Food 4 Less, Shopping Outlet, Washington Mutual, etc. was all located right across the street so that was a major convenience. THe noise level was as if you were at home, very comfortable and the AC in the room was great.Housekeepers come in midweekly and clean up the room, we came back to see that the dishes were in the dishwasher and the towels were replaced, the bed was made and everything was like we had just checked in!Overall, we loved this place. We were given a week at the Cancun Resort as a gift from a timeshare holder. They are in progress of expanding the resort, by the time they're done we'll be back again for sure, as a timeshare holder! Word of advice, get a POOL VIEW room, it really enhances the trip!	
Jun 11 2006	Fabulous Las Vegas Fabulous Cancun	Fabulous resort. We stayed a week at Cancun Resort and we all hated to leave. The 2 bedroom unit was very large with nice comfortable beds and great bathrooms. Loved the underground parking in Cancun Building. The car was always cool when you got in to leave the property. Front Desk was excellent. Fast check-in. Nicholas was the best. He always told us a good route to take to where we were going. Pool was wonderful. Clean. Use your room key to check out floats or towels. Huge pool with hammocks and waterslides. Nice restaurant near pool with good drinks. Beautiful landscape. Grocery store right across the street. Nice library across street. We walked across the street to check our email free at library. Brand new casino called the Southcoast right down the street. Southcoast was fabulous casino with great mexican restaurant and bingo.Two trolley stops from the Cancun. Trolley $5.00 all day to all the strip or $2.00 one ride to Southcoast. Also, there is a free shuttle we didn't ride because we had rental car. Only negative to resort was having to make a U-turn to leave and the couch in the living room wasn't too comfortable (but fit the decorating theme). Mid-week maid service free with clean towels etc. We absolutely loved the resort. Non-Smoking resort and a nice break each night from the crowed strip. Hope to return soon to Cancun Resort.	
May 25 2006	Awesome resort	This RESORT is spectacular and is exactly what its name describes, a &quot;resort&quot;. I my opinion you could stay at this resort and be totally self sufficient, if that is what you desire. In a city like VEGAS, having a room(s) like what Cancun provides is priceless. The fact that you are able to cook in the full kitchens that the villas provide is a great idea, add to that a grocery store located right across the street from this property and you have a great combo to save some money. The Amenities at this resort are first class; pools, hot tubs, water slides, restaurant, game rooms, free shuttle to the strip, the list goes on and on. If possible I highly recommend the penthouse suite, one word decribes these rooms UNBELIEVABLE!!My wife and I will stay at this RESORT for many years to come!!	
May 9 2006	nice resort/dirty pool	This is a very nice resort! We have used a number of other resorts and we really liked this one. The pool was nice with the fountains and many hottubs but the bottom of the pool was dirty and was not cleaned once the entire week that we were there. The units themselves are very nicely equipped with amentities such as a kitchen and seperate dining areas. They have a nice gameroom on-site with foosball, pool and ping pong tables. They also have a large screen TV in the gameroom to watch. The staff are all very friendly and helpful. They have a shuttle on-site that goes back and forth to the strip numerous times a day. They have a laundry room with 1 washer and dryer. They didn't have a change machine for the washer/dryer even though they were coin operated machines. They need to have a washer/dryer in each unit because we have been to other resorts before that had them inside the individual units and you could start a load of laundry before you left for the day. It is always better to go home with all clean clothes than to have to spend a lot of time washing dirty clothes when you get back home. We may or may not use this resort again, mainly because we like to visit many resorts.	
Apr 19 2006 	Poor security; great resort	I loved the resort but had a latex pillow stolen out of my room by someone in housekeeping (I presume). I admit it...I have to have my very own pillow when I travel. It is pretty sad that the resort can't provide simple security for valuables in your room (not jewels, watches, cash, etc., There is a safe for those...but my pillow wouldn't have fit in the safe!). It was just pillow for heavens sake! Anyway, security wasn't helpful at all in finding the pillow or offering any compensation. I probably won't stay here again.	
Apr 12 2006	We loved this place!!!	My husband and i stayed at the Cancun for 7 days. we really thought the facilities were very nice. the pool was beautiful. we did take advantage of the daily shuttles. we are pretty easy going travelers so even if the guys were late hey oh well we are on vaca right. the only thing i would say we had a problem with was perhaps they should have an airport shuttle. oh well overall we had a great time and stay at the Cancun.	
Apr 11 2006 	A good surprise	This resort is a gem -- I had never stayed at a Grand Monarch property -- wasn't sure what to expect -- the room (a one bedroom) had everything one needed -- and was good for privacy if you had 4 people -- two baths and a moveable partition! The bed was a bit soft -- could be uncomfortable if you had a bad back -- but that was about the only negative...parking garage nice; pool area EXCELLENT with the most attentive lifeguards I've ever seen -- many water slides and they didn't even laugh if a 60 year old went down (me!) They had a steel band on Saturday -- free ice cream sundaes by the pool -- water aerobics -- and plenty of chairs in sun and shade -- what more could you ask -- easy access to the strip (better if you have a rental car) and every staff member from janitor to security was friendly!Would stay there again in a minute!!!	
Mar 13 2006	Loved this resort!!!	I just came back yesterday from spending 3 days and 2 nights at this lovely resort--This resort is located on the strip, but it was at least 1 mile away from all the &quot;mass confusion&quot; from the other hotels/casinos-They did have a shuttle bus available for you to go to those casinos, but I preferred to use my car to go there-The place was lovely and full of amenities, such as the room itself-I stayed in a one-bedroom villa, which consisted of (when you first walk in, a dining room, with table and chairs, a small kitchenette, with everything(except the food) you need to prepare and cook any meals--I was impressed with the refrigerator, stove, microwave, toaster, and blender, and all the utensils and pots and pans with accessories you will need--the bedroom had a full bath, with a hugh tub with a whirlpool jetstream, and two sinks witha hairdryer--the living room had a tv with a dvd/vcr player (the other tv was in the bedroom), and was enclosed in a woodpanel with with doors you can open and close-The sofa had a pull out bed to be used for another party--a separate small bathroom (with shower) and a balcony--The employess acted very professional and courteous--I did have one problem with trying to heat the room, because the weather was cold--I called the front desk and they called someone from housekeeping who came in minutes!!I enjoyed this place so much, I barely left it--This was truly a home away from home!!!I hope to go back again soon!!	
Feb 27 2006	attention to detail!	we stayed at the resort in nov. with my wife, son &amp; daughter, and 2 of my son's teammates (pop warner tournament) we had a wonderful time, the boys used the huge pool &amp; jacuzzi, we cooked our Thanksgiving dinner just like at home, we had everything we needed. and what we didn't have, the room service came to our rescue immediately! I have been reading some of the other comments, and i totally disagree! We had never stayed in a timeshare before, and will never stay in a hotel again when going to vegas.	
Feb 26 2006	VERY IMPRESSED	I must say prior to our stay I was a bit concerned because I had read some of the reviews on this site. After staying there for a couple of days, I find the information/opinions posted to be false. My husband and I stayed in a one bedroom. A couple of days prior to our trip I called and requested a room with wireless internet access and a pool view. Both requests were met and it was very nice. I had read a previous review about the room not being very clean, so when I entered our room I did a complete inspection. I found everything to be clean and ordearly, I was very impressed. The view from our balcony at night was amazing. I enjoyed the fact that it was away from the chaos on the strip. There was a trolley that comes to the resort every 30 mins, it takes you to different locations on the strip and an all day pass was only $5.00. All in all our stay was great, the staff was excellent and very friendly. It goes to show you can't believe everything you read until you experience it yourself.	
Jan 31 2006 	Nice room - comfy bed	My stay was a bit unconventional - I went to Vegas for a tradeshow and didn't utilize the property much except for sleeping. The location is a bit south - probably 5-7 miles south of where the strip starts and about 14 miles from the Las Vegas Convention Center, but that could be a good thing as well! The entrance and lobby were nice - it seemed pretty new. I had a two-bedroom and I was impressed by the granite counters in the kitchen and both bathrooms (yes, a two bedroom with two bathrooms - both had large whirlpool tubs - the one in the master bedroom was huge! Nice tile floors - it was very much like an apartment with a dining table, living room and like I said, a kitchen with a fridge, microwave, oven and dishwasher (I think!). I wish I had stayed longer to enjoy and try out the day spa - maybe next time. I'll be back for sure!	
Jan 2 2006	No where near a 5 star resort...	Resort was a disappointment--it definitely doesn't rate as a 5-star resort. At the most it probably gets a 3 1/2. Reception was unwilling to swap my room with a room with a view of the pool as oppossed to the roadway even though the resort didn't appear anywhere near capacity. The parking was atrocious, if you parked in the parking garage you would have to walk with your luggage through the lobby and out into the courtyard to access your room. Maid service was subpar...we had to &quot;steal&quot; towels from the maids cart because they only &quot;cleaned&quot; the room on Wednesdays. The jetted-tub spit out scum when tried to use it--on two occassions. The management expected us to inventory the utensils in the room. The second room was so small there was practically no room for the luggage and the bed comforters were probably the cheapest synthetics I've ever seen in any type of room at any level. The supposed concierge had very litle knowledge of her job, she practically threw the free show coupons at us and didn't even attempt to explain any activities in detail without prompting from me...she was apparently too busy talking to her buddy on the phone. Overall this resort was not even close to a fair exchange even though it is advertised as 5-star. The management and staff has a lot to learn. The pool area was nice and the availability of the hot tubs were very accomadating.	
Dec 30 2005	Casino or Not	I stayed in a 2Br unit Labor day week. It was hot and the pool was very enjoyable. Especially the free use of floats. We rented a car, which I would highly suggest. Parking on the strip was relatively easy...All casinos have parking and we took advantage of valet parking also. The resort is clean as were the units. I think personally I would prefer to be more on the strip where the action is, such as casinos. I found that I couldn't enjoy gambling as much knowing we had to walk to our car &amp; drive back...I would have liked to sat around gambling, had a few drinks &amp; took an elevator up to my room...It's just a preference. I've only been to Vegas a few times &amp; enjoy walking on the strip. I know many that like to sleep all day &amp; gamble all night &amp; this resort is much more for them. Driving in Vegas is easier than I thought. Our 2 BR unit faced the pool..not that we used the balcony much..mostly during morning coffee. Would I stay again? Never say never..if the price is right. It is nice to have a full kitchen, 2 baths. plus I did a timeshare exchange. All in all, it was worth the price.	
Nov 24 2005	Loved the Penthouse!	We stayed 2 nights in the Penthouse (2BR, 2BA w/kitchen, dining rm, LR w/Big screen TV and wetbar &amp; an outside balcony that had a spa/jacuzzi). The location of this place is on the strip, but way out there (a couple of miles from Mandalay Bay). You'll need a car! I don't rely on shuttles or cabs. I saw a bunch of people waiting as we arrived, but hey shuttles/cabbies have bad days too. The resort is still being built, but I've stayed in two different buildings and their upkeep has been good. Past the front desk as you go towards the pool, it seems busy. Tons of people walking around - well it's a timeshare resort and they're selling. So it's best to check in and go back out the front door to move your car to where your room will be. They'll give you a map.Check in/out was a breeze. Staff was very friendly. We arrived a few hours early and they had no problem letting us check in. Then, our party was running a little late and they had no problem extending an hour of our checkout. The Penthouse was on the 3rd floor (my MIL needed a handicapped room), there are other floors with Penthouses. All Penthouses face the pool. The MBR had a HUGE whirlpool tub in it. The 2nd room was for the in-laws and it had a walk/roll in shower and a seperate jacuzzi tub. Between the rooms was the living rooms, with a sofa and a wet bar. The layout was very well done. Beds weren't as comfortable as at home, but come on, we were here to gamble in Vegas. Maintenance was called due to lights that were out and they came within minutes. We requested a shower seat at the front desk and as we arrived in the room, housekeeping was fulfilling our request.I don't think I would get the Penthouse in October again, I would rather just get a 2BR (same layout as PH, but no outdoor balcony and smaller LR). The weather was real windy and cool, so we didn't use the outside spa/jacuzzi.Parking was good. They say it's 1 car per room, but we indicated that our other party was in another car, they didn't seem to mind. The pool was clean and I always saw kids and life guards around. I didn't use their poolside restaurant, but they do have one and a little general store. They also have a gameroom past the front desk before you get to their timeshare selling counter.I would stay here again. It's clean, they're friendly and polite. The location is out there, but we really didn't mind because we like to casino hop and we drove ourselves. The place was decorated in Mayan theme and it wasn't over done. This place could be loved by singles, couples and families.	
Nov 21 2005	A Few Concerns	I stayed here for a birthday trip with my boyfriend. We were here for 3 nights Sun, Mon, Tues. The first room we got to was right next to the construction so I asked to be moved and the front desk said as long as nothing was touched or used they could do it. The move was made. The room was okay.......I only noticed that the air conditioning duct over the table had some kind of dried redish stuff coming out of it--rust? I don't know but once I saw it I refused to eat meals at the table. Also, the jacuzzi tub had mold in the tiles. I went across the street and bought tile X and sponges to clean it before I would enter it. One night there was a thunderstorm and my boyfriend and I were riding in the elevator back to our room and the elevator stopped and the lights went out. We were in there for less then 5 minutes. Once I got out I called the front desk and was told in a dry/unconcerned manner that the main tower was struck and power was out. The rep showed no concern about what had just happened to me. From then on we walked the flights of stairs to our room. The next day we thought we might take the elevator again and saw a gray spider about the size of a 3 year olds hand and once again decided on the stairs. I guess they don't do anything for birthdays b/c all I got was a verbal wish and then lots of telemarketing phone calls. At one point we just unplugged the phone. I went on another occassion about 2 years ago and it was a lot better then what I experienced on this trip.	
Nov 11 2005	Nice Place	Stayed here for 4 nights,and was completely satisfied. When we checked in, the staff was friendly and helpfull. It was explained that we would not get a pool view room due to being a 2 bedroom unit. We were OK with this because it was our aniversery and we did not plan on staring out the window anyway. We had a nice room located in the main building facing Las Vegas Blvd. this was better then facing the pool anyway, it was relaxing. Large rooms for Vegas. The pool was inviting and plenty of lifegaurds. Resturant had some amazing food for the size of the kitchen. There was some cosmetic issues, but was explained that they are doing upgrades currently. We had brand new mattress.. very nice..	
Oct 23 2005	Happy with the Cancun resort	We stayed here as part of our honeymoon in June 2005. We were more than happy wth our room, cleanliness and everyhing else. The pool was lovely, always sunbeds available and attentive staff. We had our own car but still used the shuttle service as we could then both have a drink in the evenings. We had no problem with the shuttle but the only advice I would give is that they don't wait so get there within good time. A good location just off the strip - a quick drive or short taxi ride if the shuttle dosn't suit. Would be more than happy to stay there again.	
Oct 19 2005	Great Place!	I stayed at the Cancun Resort the week of October 8-15 with my husband, mom and 3 year old son. We were in a 2 bedromm in the Merida building, third floor. The apartment was very nice, spacious and had everything you needed. The bathrooms were huge and the kitchen was a decent size. My mom and I had no problem working in the kitchen at the same time. There were TVs in each bedroom and jacuzzi tubs in both bathrooms. There is also a balcony which was nice to sit out on at night.We called housekeeping several times during our stay to pick up our trash and they were there in no time. Marilena and Lourdes were great! They also came in to tidy up and refresh our linens on the fourth day of our stay. Never had a problem when we called the front desk. Everything was handled promptly. I don't know what other people are talking about a smell in the rooms but I haver smelled anything.The best feature (in my opinion) was the pool. It was very warm (don't know why other people are saying it was cold). There was some pieces of foam in the pool but that was due to construction and it was no big deal! My son loved the pool and they have some cool hammocks for you to relax on. They also have 4 water slides which were nice and about 4 hot tubs located throughout the pool area. The great thing was that the pool was opened till 10 at night so that was convenient after a day on the strip and having the opportunity of relaxing in the pool when we got back was nice. The resort has several activities for different age groups throughout the day. There is a # on the phone you just call and a recording gives you the days activities according to each day. We never had a chance to do any of them since we were out all day on the strip. The location was great also. It was just a quick 5 minute ride to the beginning of the strip (Mandalay Bay). I liked the fact it was a non-smoking facility and also it was a very quite resort. We didn't use the shuttle bus service since we did rent our own car. They also have a game room for kids and an adult lounge in the main lobby area.Overall, it was a great place to stay. My husband and I would definetly stay here again on our next trip to Vegas.	
Oct 16 2005	Better than I thought....	I stayed at the Cancun Resort in August and had a great time. I was there with my mother and my 16 year old niece. The pool was great, there was a little foam in it due to the construction, but not enough to cause problems. The staff there was always willing to help out. I enjoyed the craft classes, there should be one daily for adults. The shuttle service was really good and the drivers were great, very talkative, it was never late no matter what time of day we used it. They should make daily stops to the supermarket across the street and also start earlier in the day than noon. I highly recommend the Cancun to anyone who likes to relax and enjoy time off the strip..	
Sep 13 2005	Bad Experience	Booked this resort for three nights, Sept. 6,7,8, on line through Expedia.Was very hesitant about staying at the Cancun after reading reviews on Trip Advisor, but took a chance anyway-Big Mistake. This resort is no where close to a five star as advertised, more like a two star. The rooms were very worn and in need of an update. The room we were assigned had a very bad odor, smelled like sewer. I asked to look at another room in a different building, but with the same results. I told the girl at the front desk that the rooms were not acceptable to us and she had no comment, almost like she hears it all the time. We decided to stay on the strip - 2 nights at Mandalay Bay and 4 nights at MGM and had a great time. I read these reviews all the time but felt compelled to write one this time. Do yourself a favor on your trip to Vegas and book a hotel on the strip.	
Sep 7 2005	Not what expected but OK	We stayed at the Cancun resort for 7 nights, when we first arrived, we did not like the set up very much - the location is great - but the rooms do need more updating. The beds were horrible - my husb and I woke up with back pain each night, we felt like we were sleeping on box springs - and we had changed our original room and both beds were the same. the pool was nice and big, but due to the construction of the new building, the pool would get dirty and full of foam - i ended up taking the pool stick to clean out the dirt because they took too long, but it then felt like a waste of time because there was so much of it. the kitchen is small, but functional - and the place does grow on you. We had a 2 bedroom, 2 bath with 3 children - i agree that they should have 2 beds in the other bedroom rather than 1 bed - bathrooms were updated and bathtubs jacuzzi's were large and the place in comparison to other 2 bedroom timeshare's we've stayed in was on the small side. I wont say that i would not stay there again - but i would not rush to stay there either.	
Sep 5 2005	Nice Staff Nice Weather Nice Pool area Nice Location	Exchanged our Kissimmee/Orlando golf course timeshare.Staff was very nice, check in a pleasure, although I had assumed I had an exact room, but it seemed I had somewhat of a choice, &quot;there is a room facing the pool, but it is not finished being cleaned yet, otherwise ___ is available.&quot; Room was smaller than our enormous Kissimmee Wyndham Palms two-bedroom one; but remember, timeshares have different size and newer/older rooms, so that is why you and I may see variation sometimes in the description. Ours was a two bedroom, two bath place, adequate for our family of two adults and two teenage boys. TV is normal size (Kissimmee 52&quot;) I wish we were able to get a room in which the second bedroom had two twin beds (some exist here at Cancun) and not two queens, but they were all taken of course. My sixteen year old son is six feet tall, and it just wouldn't work with him and my fourteen year old son sleeping together on a full size bed, (our bedroom had a queen with bathroom attached, theirs had a full with bathroom unattached), so my fourteen year old slept on the pull out. (Our Kissimmee time share has, in the second bedroom, TWO queen sized beds, never mind two twins, and the master has a king; although the pool here at Cancun is much better than in Kissimmee) Also, they do a room clean at Cancun once during the week if you stay longer than like five days. (Kissimmee had NO cleaning day, unless you ordered/paid for it.) Anyway, the weather in Las Vegas in August was fantastic, like Aruba without the wind and occassional humidity, (my husband and I go to Aruba every year without the kids). We did not miss the DAILY thunderstorms that occurred in the afternoon in Florida at the end of June. The kitchen here at Cancun was small, but able to meet our breakfast and lunch needs. We spent the evenings on the strip. It was nice that both bathrooms were large (BOTH had two sinks, and BOTH had jacuzzi tubs). The pool area was lovely. Even without the waterfall working when we went, it was still very nice. Four waterslides; hammocks, poolside casual INDOOR bar/restaurant (I think they should have something TOTALLY outdoors, though, like a tiki-bar kind of thing) Much of the pool is five feet, so, if they didn't have the free floats and noodles, I would have reviewed it as &quot;too deep&quot;. There are shallow areas, but they are not large. Oh, the BEST part of the pool is the covered jazuzzi! As well as some small uncovered jacuzzis, they have this one larger Adult-Only one that is within the Mayan temple, yet attached to the pool. Real cool. The one thing I forgot is WATER SHOES. I didn't think I needed them, but if you are going when it is hot, YOU NEED THEM. Never mind hot, whatever they used to make the patio is SLIPPERY!I love the location. It is on the same road as the strip, (Las Vegas Blvd. S.)just a few miles south of the main stip, but so nice and quiet. (except for wishing we were on the third floor of our two story section. Had little kids above us and heard their running at most unusual hours)Food: There is a great ITALIAN restaurant, called something like the BOOTLEGGER, it is on the right as you head north to the strip.... highly recommended, one of the staff of Cancun suggested it, and it was right-on!I stayed at the Cancun seven nights, the Hilton 2 nights, and the south rim of the Grand Canyon one night, and I could've stayed longer. There was so much to see in Vegas and I loved the weather..... Have a great time,	
Aug 31 2005	Dark and gloomy	Unfortunately this resort was not what we hoped. The rooms were very dark and the furniture uncomfortable. the kitchen area is small and inconvenient. Some redecoration is overdue. Loungers by the pool had to be taken very early or there were none available. The pool area is small for the number of the apartments and when the next blocks are built, will be even worse - in spite of a new pool on the plans. However, the staff are friendly enough and the shuttle service into the casinos is excellent. We wouldn't return.	
Aug 28 2005	Very disappointed	We were very disappointed with the Cancun resort, I think we would give it 2 stars. The beds were thin and you could feel the springs every time you turn over. The kitchen was so tiny that you had no room to move around.The decor and furniture was very shabby, the wood was actually peeling off. We had a one bedroom, with two bathrooms. The master bathroom was huge...bigger than the kitchen, but behind the door there was a big patch where someone must have made a hole in the wall with the doorknob and then they came in a plastered over it and never painted it.We had a balcony with a view of the pool and the construction across the way. The pool itself was very nice, but that was all we thought was nice.The staff was also nice, but the place itself we would never stay in again.Also we go to Las Vegas a lot and always stay on the strip in the Monte Carlo or one of the other hotels and find it to be more fun. You don't have to move your car all the time and we enjoy being right there. We visit family while there so we go a lot. We have a time share in Florida that beats the Cancun any day and so we were disappointed with our stay.Very very shabby. I also forgot to mention that both bathrooms clogged up a couple of times during our stay and we had to have maintenance come in. Also the bathroom lights went out, both bathrooms, had to have someone come up to fix the fuse. We would not recommend this place at all. Looks nice from the outside, but beware.	
Aug 23 2005	Great rooms service pool non-smoking facility :)	This is a great resort when you want out of the hustle and bustle of the strip but can visit it as often as you would like with it's on-the-hour, 8-minute ride. The pool is beautiful and great for kids with it's waterslides and daycare and kid camps. There is a grill with great food so you can take it to your room and eat, or grab a drink and sit by the pool. It's a non-smoking facility so you can escape the smoke from the strip and what a relief for a non-smoker. Our stay was great and we would definately stay again.	
Jul 6 2005	Not all that great	We just got back from Vegas, thankfully our trip was saved after moving to another resort after the 3rd day. The Cancun resort wasn't terrible (if you are used to 2-3 star resorts). It just wasn't what I was looking for. The suites were moderately decorated and the bed was very very hard. I'm only 35 and it hurt my hips to sleep on my side! The towels they give you in the rooms are very very cheap, so cheap in fact that I think they throw them away instead of washing them. All our towels were apparantly new and shed all over our bodies when drying off. Then just add some lotion and you have a sticky fuzzy surprise. Yuck. The large pool where mostly everyone swims was not heated, FREEZING! The pool was largely overcrowded and they had BIO Hazards where they had to evacuate the pool twice in one day. It happened for both pools as well so by 3pm that day all pools were shut down for the day. I will also be lucky if my kids don't come down with a serious bug in the next few days! -just like another review had said. I guess the one thing I will say for them is at least they did evacuate the pool... The kitchenette was very very small, but still workable. Limited underground parking, so don't expect to be able to park in the shade! Lots of scarey looking people staying there as well, we moved to the Aladdin Resort in town on the 4th day and really enjoyed it. I recommend the Aladdin highly!	
Jun 28 2005	Excellent Stay	My wife, two children (10 &amp; 14) stayed at the Cancun Resort, June 20th thru the 24th. A great resort for a family! We booked a two bedroom condo, clean and well furbished. The resort pool was fantastic! Large, clean with four waterslides, plenty of chairs and tables. There is a poolside cafe/bar that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner, a limited menu but what we had (burgers, tuna sandwich, nachos) were good. The resort staff was well above average, courteous and professional. They have a shuttle that runs from noon to midnight, takes you to the Vegas Outlet Mall and several stops along the strip. We used it several times and it was never more than ten minutes late from the appointed pick up times. The game room was a big hit for the kids, four pool tables, a foosball table and a ping pong table all in good condition. A very nice resort for a family. The only complaint that I could make is that they need to update the mattress/sheets in the bedrooms, they were a little hard and the sheet could have a higher thread count. The bottom line here is the next time we take the family to Vegas the only place that we will be staying will be at the Cancun Resort.	
Jun 21 2005	Cancun Resort is a great place to stay!!	We stayed at the Cancun Resort for 7 days (June 10-June 17) and I have to say that it was a great stay. The kitchen was small, but well stocked. The living room/dining room combination was comfortable. We (family of 3) stayed in a 2-bedroom unit on the 8th floor, corner unit of the newest building and I must say the bedrooms (both of them) were huge. Both had whirlpools with showers and a very large bathroom area. The master bedroom has a king size bed and the second bedroom had a queen, as well as the pull out sofa in the living room which we didn't need to use. Very quiet resort. The pool area was so nice. They have these hammocks under a shaded tent area that was completely awesome. There is a game room for kids as well as adults. Staff was on point and very courteous. The concierge was so helpful about places to visit on the strip and off. On our first day there, two of the televisions were not working and I called the front desk and the maintenance guy was there within 10 minutes to fix the problem. We rented a car, but they do have a shuttle bus. Plenty of parking (indoor and outdoor) and they are building two more buildings to complete this resort. The balcony is very long and we had a view of the mountains and in the evening this view is breath taking. The only slight downer was that there is a room tax of $4.88 a day in Clark county in Vegas for timeshare exchange stays. I guess that is a Vegas thing because we have never had this extra expense with our other exchanges, but I have to say it was well worth it. What I really liked most about this resort is that the entrance to your villa is from the inside (like a hotel room). On other timeshare resorts we have stayed at (Orlando, Palm Springs), the entrance to your villa was always from the outside. The elevators are quick. Overall, a wonderful stay and would definitely come back.	
Jun 16 2005	Cancun: Best Timeshare in Vegas	If you're looking for the noisy night-life of Las Vegas, then please book a room on the &quot;strip&quot;, the Cancun is not for you! But if you're looking for a relaxing getaway with a beautiful room &amp; pool, then by all means you'll love the Cancun!The Cancun is a sister property of our timeshare resort in Palm Springs, CA &amp; we spent 4 days here in May 2005. We are a single couple, but my husband's mother also stayed with us at the property.Check-in: Smooth &amp; easy - the staff was wonderful even giving us options of what one-bedroom units were available.Rooms (one-bedroom): Beautiful &amp; clean! Although the kitchenette is small, it was well-stocked. The one bedroom was of adequate size with a king size bed, closet, tv &amp; drawer space. The bed was fairly comfortable although we heard from our timeshare newsletter that they are replacing all the mattress with pillow-top mattresses. The bathroom was HUGE - double sinks, 2 person jacuzzi tub, plenty of drawer space, cabinets, towel bars, etc. The living room was used by my mother-in-law. The sofa pulled out to a bed (which she stated was comfortable) &amp; we were pleasantly surprised to find a door between the kitchen/dining room area and the living room area that had a small bathroom with a shower, toilet, pedastal sink &amp; medicine cabinet. The living room also had a closet in it as well as a wooden screen that can be pulled to separate the bathroom/living room area from the kitchen/dining room area to have privacy. Also, off the living room was a decent sized patio. Although we had a pool view room, the noise level was at a bare minimum. The only thing that would have made this room any better would be a balcony off the bedroom.Pool: The water was clean, the slides were fun for people of all ages &amp; the bar/food area is close to the pool. There was plenty of seating for everyone, but if you want some shade, get there before 10am.Transportation: We didn't use the transportation system because we had our own car, so I can't rate that. I can say that you are a few miles from the main strip, but I found it nice to have a &quot;retreat&quot; to go to at the end of the day.We loved our stay at the Cancun &amp; will always stay there when we travel to Las Vegas.	
May 9 2005	Great swimming pool	After reading several other reviews I was nervous about staying at the Cancun Resort. I even emailed the resort and told them about what others were saying about the resort on Tripadvisor. They emailed me back and reassured me that everything would be fine and gave me the managers name should I have any problems. They even called when I was there to make sure everything was ok. That's customer service!What I liked was the pool. It has 4 water slides and several hot tubs. The pool area never felt crowded. There is a very nice restaurant pool side. They supply towels, noodle floats, and regular pool floats. On Saturday they had a steel drum band playing live music...very nice!I read many bad comments about the customer service and the shuttle both of which we used many times. We called the front desk a couple of times and everytime they answered the call very promptly. And the shuttle which takes you to the strip was on time every time. The resort says it has washers and dryers but take note they are not in your unit. They are down the hall and there is a fee. What I didn't like was the kitchen. It was very small and the room was only made smaller by the dark wood shades they use in the living room area. But it did have everything you need. The bathrooms were large and the jetted tubs were awesome. They have maid service if you stay longer than 5 days.	
Mar 7 2005	Vegas Relaxing?! :-) It was Great!	Super friendly. Beautifully kept. Nice ambience, the pool was gorgeous, the room was great! I've never been able to relax in Vegas, it's usually non-stop shoulder to shoulder people and heat that you can't escape. I was blown away by the beautiful calm of this place. I enjoyed the jacuzzi tub (big enough for two) and it was so relaxing. The room was quiet, the accommodations were very comfortable and the maid doesn't knock every morning. In fact, the staff is there right when you need them, but they're not intrusive in any way. I highly recommend this resort for people who enjoy a little relaxation and repose after walking along the hot &amp; crowded Vegas strip. :-) Best trip to Vegas ever!	
Jan 28 2005	No Where Close to 5 Star	Worst of our Interval International Stays. The staff were not helpful, seemed put-out when we had questions and seemed totally dis-interested in our satisfaction. Concierge was busy finishing her day and threw some brochures at us about shows and ended the conversation abruptly.The &quot;shuttle bus&quot; was &quot;in the shop&quot;. The back up van was jammed full, with approximately 10-12 of us remaining to fend for ourselves. No apologies, no &quot;thinking out of the box&quot;, just an &quot;Oh well&quot; shrug and an offer to call a $20 cab for us (no help with this expense).On the night we left, we asked for a cab. We waited over an hour and, instead of calling another company, the guy at the desk used comments like &quot;they're very busy and will get to you when they can&quot; FINALLY, he called another company and we were on our way, making our flight with 5 minutes to spare.I WOULD NOT recommend this &quot;resort&quot;	
Jan 18 2005	WILL STAY HERE FROM NOW ON!!!	I recently stayed at the Cancun because no other place had rooms available and I loved it. We got the two bedroom which was very very big. The kitchen was fully equipped and furnished. Both bathrooms had jacuzzi tubs, the one in the masterbedroom was HUGE!!! In the living room was a queen sofa too. The dvd player played CDs so we had music going all day and night. The drive to the strip is not as bad as some say...maybe five minutes at the most. The is a market right across the street so you can stock up the fridge and save some money. The room is supposed to be for 6 people max, but we had 8...just don't tell. Our heater wasnt working when we checked in and I'd say within half hour the problem got fixed. It was toooo cold for the pool, but gosh I wish it wasnt't because it is also HUGE and very beautiful. I will be going again next month and will stay here again. I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone.	
Nov 16 2004	Great place to make memories!	My visit to this resort is one I'll never forget. The suites were immaculate. Fully furnished with a fully supplied kitchenette and dining area. This is great if you enjoy cooking your own meals, which can enhance the experience. Jaccuzi tub was a hit. Even from the 2nd floor, my view of the Vegas area was beautiful, day and night. The water park is fun for all ages with slides, hot tubs, and large swimming areas. I had a minor problem with one channel on my TV and someone was there within minutes to change the remote and reprogram the TV. For my first trip to Vegas, this resort was made my trip worthwhile. This place is highly reccomended. I'll book it for my next Vegas trip!!	
Sep 14 2004	definitely not a 5 star	We booked with Hotels (nightmare) we insisted we wanted a Jacuzzi room. and specifically asked that the jucuzzi be in the main room to overlook the strip. (in vegas). We asked if there was a casino at this hotel. and a restuarant. Truth is.... the restaurant is just a grille, what we thought was a restaurant was a large area where people were being worked over to purchase timeshares. and the Jacuzzi room turned out to be a jetted tub in the bathroom. the carpet was so filthy that within 20 min. my wife and her girlfriend's bare feet were black. there was no casino. We were offered to stay the next night free, we left and paid for the new york new york (which we will only stay at from now on... see the review) told them to give the free room to the homeless. we never saw the shuttle bus. and paid for limo as they said the shuttle not have room for our luggage anyway. P&gt;S&gt; Hotels inferred that this room was comparable to a $400 room... in fact I would not have paid more than $89 had I wanted to stay there.	
Aug 18 2004	Not a Five Star Resort	This resort is listed in Interval International as a five star facility. The resort has the appropriate amenities, it is beautiful, but the management, operation, and its customer service is very lacking. During our stay (July 30 - Aug 6) the following issues occurred:1) Main Pool was shut down July 31 - Aug 3 due to a major mechanical problem. A water leak in the pump room shorted out electrical devices. A good maintenance / security program could have prevented the catastrophic effect of a leak. Management provided NO arrangements for the guests to swim at other LV hotels. 2. The AC unit for an entire building shut off around midnight on Aug 2. We called the front desk @3 am and were told maint comes in at 8 am. We left our room at 11 am and the temperature was 84 degrees. The maintenance dept should have been called IN @ 3 am. Also no call was made by mgmt to inform us what was wrong - they waited until individual units called them first. Like the pool - the management and maintenance dept do not have adequate systems in place to run a decent resort. 3. Room cleaning - many timeshare resorts mention that everydayservice is not provided but this is the FIRST of my TEN experiences that it did not happen.... Actually we scheduled our midweek to occur when we had new guests arriving. Only the bed linens and sheets were changed. NO CLEANING. We had to call the front desk after we got back to our room and wait about an hour while a second cleaning was done. 4. The attitudes / behavior of the pool staff was lousy. The lifeguards were confrontational and arrogant. We witnessed an overweight woman in swim trunks/sleeveless tshirt confronted by 4 different people because it was not considered appropriate swimwear. The woman was uncomfortable wearing a real swimsuit due to her physical situation. Even mgmt got involved. We were confronted for jumping into the pool, sitting on the steps leading into the slide area, and wearing jewelry. We are 52 years old were not a Safety risk.In summary, be prepared for anything.	
Aug 4 2004	Family Fun	We stayed at the resort from July 18 - July 24 and LOVED every second of it. The Pool is one of the best I've seen, with 4 water slides and depths that ranged from 3 1/2 feet to 5 feet. The water was always clean and the lifeguards were always alert.The food and drinks at the pool bar were very good and service was above average.The room was very clean, we had a 1 bedroom with a pullout sofa in the living room. 2 bathrooms and full kitchen. Across the street from the resort is a fully stocked super market that is open 24 hrs. a day. Must be very careful crossing the BIG street to get there.The only down side to this resort is their shuttle bus. The week that I was at the resort, the average teperature was 108 degrees and not once was the Air Conditioning working in the buses.But besides that, Its a very nice place.	
Jul 30 2004	NOT a GAY friendly resort!	Apparently LESBIANS that wear &quot;boys&quot; surf trunks are not welcome on the slide or in the pool, according to &quot;JASON&quot; the pool manager . I am presently removing ANY and ALL investments my family has with this resort and its parent companies.. I have not felt so humiliated in all my life. I strongly advise AGAINST staying here, unless of course you promote HATE and INTOLLERANCE.Sincerely,1 Cute Lesbian	
Jul 4 2004	Smell	First time visit at Cancun Resort (June 27, 2004) and last time. We checked in to the penthouse at 4:10 p.m. after a 30 minute search for a cart to take our luggage upstairs to the 4th floor. Upon entering the penthouse we were met with the nastiest smell ever. To make a long story short a cap to sewer pipe had broken and we had to put up with the smell from Sunday June 27 4 p.m. to Monday morning June 28 10 a.m. Imagine spending all night with the smell of sewage. I complaint to the front desk at 4 p.m on the 27th and they finally sent a SECURITY person at midnight. How's that for running a hotel. Finally it was repaired the next day. We had to sleep with the sliding doors open all night. No air conditioning.Next one section of the sliding door in the master bedroom fell off the track. They could not repair until we checked out. Talk about having privacy in the &quot;John.&quot; The other section of the door had no handle. Last but not least we found a huge cockroach in the bathtub in the smaller bedroom.I complained to the head administrator at the resort and she said &quot;we have no control over the smell.&quot; Give me a break. But yes they did charge me points. I wrote a letter to Monarch Grand Vacations about this experience and I haven't heard from them yet. But they sure want their montly payments each month on time. The Cancun Resort is a long way from being a 5 star resort.	
Jun 27 2004	a great week!!!!!!!!!!	We just returned from a week in Vegas staying at the Cancun resort. We liked the accomodations a lot! A great place for families. The room was a one bedroom w/ 2 baths. Our 12 year old liked this resort a lot. Only a couple miles from the strip which gives you time to escape the hustle bustle of the night time. We felt like we had something to look forward to every night driving into the strip. Loved the pool area. Nice sandwhiches and good breakfasts at the pool restaurant. Staff friendly and helpful. Only have maid service once during the week but will refresh your towels and empty trash at your daily request. Had special music by the pool for father's dayWe would definitely stay again when visitng Vegas Very clean rooms and overall facility. Activities for kids also. When checking in request poolside view.	
Jun 25 2004	Had a great time - Could improve the shuttle	My husband and I stayed at the Cancun Resort from June 7 to 12. We had a great time in Vegas and really enjoyed our stay at the resort. It was really great that the resort provided a shuttle into the main part of the strip, but more than once we had to wait for long periods of time for it to show up and once it skipped the pick up completely from the Tropicana, leaving us there for a hour and a half in the hot sun. I can't compare this resort to others in Vegas as that was our first time there. However, our room was great, the pool was amazing, and we found the staff very friendly. We would stay at this resort again. It would be nice though if you didn't have to cross a 4 lane highway to get a few groceries.	
Jun 14 2004	TERRIBLE GUEST SERVICE!	i stayed at the cancun resort in las vegas on june 6th for three nights and i was very unpleased with guest service. they were extremely rude and not helpful whatsoever. they didn't know too much about the resort, i fell from the stairs as i was walking towards the pool area because the whole side of our building had NO lights for three hours and no one noticed it until i complained to front desk. then it took them another hour to fix it. we had crickets jumping into our forth floor penthouse every night and when i asked for someone to come up and take care of it, no one came! the water pressure in the shower was awful. they didn't even provide any toothpaste. i had a terrible experience with the rudest receptionist ever, as i was checking out and she didn't even bother to apologize for her mistake. she tried to say i was lying when i had a witness there the whole time. i am still very upset, this was my first time ever to use my timeshare. and never again will i go back and deal with bad service like that again!	
May 21 2004	Wonderful resort!!!	My husband and I just got back from a weeks stay at this resort and it was a wonderful experience. We had two bedrooms with two huge bathrooms each with its own Jacuzzi and double sink, heaven!!! The kitchen was fully equipped and was spotless, as was the dining and living rooms. I especially loved the balcony which stretched from one bedroom to the other. The resort had a limited amount of indoor parking, and lots of outdoor parking. We had a rental car so we did not use the shuttle services provided. I would give this resort six stars.	
May 20 2004	Great time excellent resort for groups of 4 or more!!	Have stayed here 4 times. Great experience very time. Themed mayan resort. You must have a time share to stay here. Was excellent all around. Great free shuttle service that takes you to the strip and back-runs 6pm-12am. Great relaxing pool, with a water slide, juccuzis, and even hammocks. The rooms are like little apartments. The suites have 2 full size seperate bedrooms,each with its own bathroom with a spa tub, there is a living room with a couch that folds into a bed, and a small dining room with a table, and even a full kitchen! You can fit up to 8 people in the suite. Suites also have a mini bar, big screen TV, cd/dvd player, and even a juccuzi on the balcony! Beat that!	
May 4 2004	Fabulous! Outstanding!	We were at the Cancun Resort from 4/28-5/2. Let me start by saying that if I could give the Cancun Resort six stars, then the six would be an understatment. We have been travelling to Las Vegas for seven years and this is the first time that we did not come home exhausted. We contribute this to the relaxing atmosphere of the resort. Acutally we found it to be an Oasis. The landscape is absolutely beautiful, the staff made you feel like kings and queens. The only thing that I found unacceptable is that they're not located on the East Coast of the US. 	
Apr 23 2004	Peace and Quiet...Far cry different from life on the Strip!	 I was very wary about going to a hotel that I pretty much knew nothing about. We usually stay on the Strip to be close to everything, but we decided to make this a different type of Vegas trip. We arrived at approximately 8:30 on a monday night. We were greeted with smiles and our checkin was quick and easy. The outside of the hotel was beautiful, as was the lobby. Our room was pretty nice. We had a one bedroom villa facing the mountains. Fully stocked kitchen, sliding wood shutters and a balcony greeted us. The master bathroom was pretty large and the whirlpool bath was large enough for myself and my husband. The small second bathroom was a nice addition. We didn't have to run to the bathroom in the bedroom! =) The pool was huge! Both sides were open and several families were taking advantage of the pool floats and &quot;noodles&quot;. My 4 year old son loved the floats! The waterslides looked fun, however my son was to small to ride. One lifeguard I spoke to said they even offered &quot;catchers&quot;. They would wait at the bottom of the slide for your child to come down. I thought that was really cool. The jacuzzi's (approx 5 of them) were really nice and the hammocks rocked! We found the staff to be extremely friendly and quick to accomodate. The burgers were delicious! Especially the chili burgers, didn't have to carry cash around the resort, we just charged everything to the room and paid at checkout. There was no construction noise and housekeeping knocked politely at 10 am to see if we needed anything. There was no Strip noise (only a 10 minute drive to MGM) and ladies, the best thing of all was the Las Vegas Fashion Outlet store was a block away! Shopping! I would definately return here for a quiet Vegas retreat. They even offer activities for children! Arts and Crafts and other classes. Very nice. 	
Apr 21 2004	Shuttle Bus Driver	It was the worse time of my life. I was a passengeron a shuttle bus on the 20th of april 2004 at 5:45PMThe driver of the Bus #369 License plate 454-PLC literally ran a suv into oncomming traffic. The bus driver did not have the right away and instead of slowing down and merging properly with traffic became verbally abusive, and I was scared for my life. a limo driver got out and comforted the driver in the other car she appeared shaken. I WILL NEVER STAY THERE AGAIN! For someone to have little regard for someone else's life appalled me. I complained to the front desk but only told me that their drivers are contracted from another company. This person needs to me accountable and fired.	
Mar 31 2004	Overall good but there are major problems		
Mar 18 2004	....Not enough words to describe this wonderful resort		
Mar 14 2004	Loved It!!!!		
Mar 2 2004	Great Location Off the Strip		
Feb 11 2004	wonderful!!!		
Jan 28 2004	The Cancun Resort is a timeshare resort which is simply the best!		
Jan 21 2004	Love the hotels rooms! Very spacious and jacuzzi bathtubs		
Jan 4 2004	Absolutely loved this resort		
Aug 23 2003	Very Nice Resort!		
Aug 18 2003	Disaster		
Feb 24 2009 	Bel endroit pour la famille!!		
Jul 17 2008 	Nur empfehlenswert!!!		
Jun 10 2008	ce n'est pas un hotel		
