	Wedding and Touring	Cool place right on the strip its a bit small but what do you want for such a cheap hotle in the middle of everything...staff are great also.	
Nov 11 2009	Best deal ever!	The hotel allowed us to check in by 1 pm, the rooms were neat and tighty, all drinks in the bar were only $1! And they had a Ben and Jerry's! I mean this hotel is the best, its right across street from Mirage, and next to Venetian! We were right in the center of everything and their service was the best. They are going thru some remodeling and their is no valet so you have to park in car garage in back of hotel but we didn't really care much about that. If your on budget, this is definitely a great place to be! I will definitely be going back there cause 70 bucks a night was the best. It didn't have the best of pools, but overall it was a great stay.	
Nov 4 2009 	Excellent Value Cant beat Location	Casino Royale is now my place to stay in Vegas. I have been several times and did not even know they had rooms. All the rooms are remodeled. The dollar beers and margaritas help getting your day started. The gaming is not intimidating. Loved my stay there. A hidden gem. You can use the money you save to put on your favorite game.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location Good Value Exactly As Expected.	Before our first trip my husband and I really did our research before booking a hotel room. We're on a budget, and being we stayed two nights during the week we got a good deal on our room at $55 a night. We value location over having lots of &quot;extras&quot; because honestly, how long are you in your room in Vegas anyway?Pros: Excellent location! Centrally located on the strip, the Venetian and Harrah's are right next door and the Mirage is across the street. We could easily access everything located in the center of the strip. We drove to Vegas so we had our car with us, and the parking structure was no fuss, no muss and easily accessible. Rooms were just as pictured on the website, and actually a bit bigger than I expected. The bed was quite comfortable and we had excellent water pressure in the shower. There is an Outback Steakhouse, Denny's, Subway, and Noble Roman Pizza located here. We ate at the Denny's twice for the sake of price and convenience, and each meal was great! The casino bar offers $1 margarita's and $1 Michelob Light and Michelob Original Lager. Cons: Figuring out where the front desk for check-in was a bit confusing upon our arrival. You have to enter through the rear of the building due to construction, and walk through the casino to check in. We read a few reviews which people complained about this same problem, and it was still a bit confusing for us once we got inside. Because of construction there is noise coming from outside, and we had a view of it. The walls are also paper thin. We could hear everything going on in the hallway, and at times we felt like our window was open because we could hear the construction so well. But really, coming to Vegas to get a great nights rest? C'mon...I forgot to pack my toothbrush, so we called down to the front desk to see if they had those cheap-o toothbrushes, but they didn't so that was kind of an inconvenience. The high-speed internet access is not in the room, it's downstairs in their lobby area. The margarita's served at the casino bar for $1 didn't have much tequila in them. It may seem very minor, but I thought our hallway smelled &quot;funky.&quot; Luckily the smell didn't carry over into our room!Overall, the hotel is a good value and you can't beat the location. That said, I personally would not pay $100 a night to stay here, because there are just too many &quot;little&quot; things that are not offered here that you might expect (like the front desk to carry some toothbrushes) from a hotel. The staff members we encountered were friendly, but don't expect to be treated like royalty here. Great budget hotel!	
Aug 19 2009 	A Nice Surprise - Clean 	Great value for the money if you want to stay on the strip but have a lot more money in your pocket to gamble with. The rooms have been recently remodeled - very clean and with comfortable bed/linens and flat screen TV. While the room / rate exceeded my expectations, there were a few downsides to this hotel. First - if you will have a vehicle, be prepared to experience a small challenge getting into/out of the hotel's parking facility. It has direct access onto the strip (good), but without any type of pedestrian traffic control (bad). This means you will have to wait unitl one or two or fifty kind souls stop walking to let your car pass. On the other hand, if you don't have a vehicle - you can't beat the convenience or the price!Second - most of the rooms appear to face into the service areas for Casino Royale and Harrah's. Our &quot;view&quot; was of Harrah's employees smoke/break area and vendor delivery areas. Heard various delivery trucks in and out throughout the night. But - how often are you in your room in Vegas, anyways?Third - the windows have very nice plantation shutters - look really nice, but do not block out the sun like the traditional black-out window coverings you find in most Vegas hotels.Overall, a pleasant &quot;budget&quot; stay on the strip this time around, but will probably not return based simply on vehicle access - but if you are going the shuttle/cab/walking route, you can't beat the value and convenience of staying on the strip for under $75/night!	
Jul 28 2009 	For it's location you can't beat the price!	With some bad reviews, major renos going on and a small gambling area that we thought would be really smokey, we really expected the worse, but were totally wrong! With less than 2 days in Vegas and lugging 2 small children, we opted to stay in smaller hotel over the gigantic ones. Looked everywhere and wanted to stay on the strip but the prices for 3-5 star hotels were in the 3 digit range so for $69 USD a night for the end of June weekend at the Casino Royale, this place was a steal!! Upon arriving at the parking lot in the back, the place looked less than appealing because of the renos but the front clerk said it would be done by August. From the parking lot to the front desk, it was a short walk, the two front clerks were really nice, no wait at 11pm. Got our room key and walked passed the gambling area which did not reek of cigarettes. I mean there were cigarette smells here and there but you wouldn't be inhaling anymore than walking behind someone who was smoking outside on the strip. There's a huge locked sliding glass door that separates the hotel rooms from the casino and everything else which was great and it's located across from the Ben &amp; Jerry's ice cream store and one of the main entrances that leads you outside, another happy surprise! They gave us room 318 and it was nicely renovated, it looks as they advertised on their website. Beds were high and comfy, enough space for two small kids to run around and there was even a huge flat screen tv to compliment the room decor. This time maid service listened to us when we asked them not to come in our room to clean up....lol. Lots of hot water for shower, cold a/c works fine, small fridge was handy but no microwave for fast convenient heating drinks/food. There is a small coffee maker that we used to warm my kid's milk, which was fine. Night sleep was good, no noise from outside at all. Only negative thing I wish they had was a nice pool but for the weekend price and prime location, you really can't go wrong with this little gem. Great stay and I would come back again.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Value Mid Strip Location	Spent five nights here in May, 2009, and will again later this month (July.) Front desk is right off the strip basically, as is the entrance to the hotel rooms. Very convenient. There is NO valet parking, but the lot is pretty close to the hotel. Not a long walk from most areas of the garage to the front desk. The &quot;good&quot; spaces outside the garage next to the casino are less than a minute's walk to the front desk. This place does not claim to be a resort (it's certainly not) but it is located NEAR some nice resorts. The rooms are basic, but clean as far as I could see. No bugs, blood, or guts that I could find, and this place is pretty old. Many, including the one I stayed in, have been recently remodeled though, and so really didn't look bad at all. I'd say the room I was in was better than a Motel 6 for instance. No floor to ceiling windows or anything fancy, but it was clean and functional. The noise from LVB was only slightly annoying, and earplugs took care of that. I slept real good. No loud parties in the hall, and they have security cameras too I believe. The &quot;hotel&quot; part of the casino actually runs east from the strip, and has four floors and 152 rooms; while the casino itself parallels the strip for the most part. The whole place is kind of like an &quot;L&quot; shape. Some of the rooms at the &quot;crux&quot; of the L are pretty much right off the strip actually, and it took me about 15 seconds to get from my room to Las Vegas Blvd from mine. I could also walk into Harrah's and be at their blackjack &quot;Party Pit&quot; in about 30 seconds...probably quicker than anyone STAYING at Harrah's. The gym next door at Harrah's is also only about a two or three minute walk from Casino Royale. I had NO problems with the front desk, and they seemed very accommodating to me, though I've read complaints from others. Maybe I was just lucky, or it was a weekday check in I don't know. At any rate, I'm going to be staying there AGAIN later this month. They COMPED me a room for three nights, and I didn't really think I'd get comped at my level of play. This is a BIG PLUS for me as a gambler. Other casinos I wouldn't have even earned a lousy (and it probably would have been lousy!) buffet! Granted the rooms here are always inexpensive, but I liked that they thought enough of my play to actually comp me a room. Heck, they only have 152 rooms! Maid service was good. I had no complaints. They also have free Internet on the first floor for guests. I felt pretty secure in the hotel; and the rooms have a safe as well as a fridge and I think maybe even a microwave (can't remember.) T.V. worked okay but not too many channels. I wouldn't say the reception (cable?) was all that great either. But it did the job for watching the local news at night, which is about all I used it for. There IS construction going on still I believe, so I'd ask for an even-numbered room if they have one. That would be on the Harrah's side of the building. I'd also try to get as close to LVB as possible or else you may hear them crashing bottles into the trash cans after the bars empty them from Harrah's next door. This is Harrah's noise, so don't blame the Royale for this at least. There is a Subway sandwich place on site, as well as a Denny's. Next door (30 seconds from my room) is a McDonald's; and below that is a food court with Chinese and Mexican &quot;mall food.&quot; Outback Restaurant (the busiest in the WORLD I was told) is upstairs and they will comp you if you gamble enough. It was good and I ate lunch there several times. You can watch the peeps walk by from there as well as the Denny's. I eat this stuff at home, and think most of the Vegas fancy restaurants are not worth the money unless you're trying to impress your girl. You can be in the Mirage Casino in less than three minutes from the front of Casino Royale. Heck, what can I say? I like this place! The plusses (location, price, convenience, room safe, fridge etc.) far outweigh the minuses in my opinion. The minuses would be the smoke in the casino (and I SMOKE!) The casino is pretty well-worn as well, and yes SOME of the dealers are downright indifferent or even rude at times. They probably don't get paid much. I DID have a great experience at their craps tables though. Best odds on the strip from what I can see, and I found ALL the craps guys and gals to be nice and not rude at all. There was one guy there actually who should have been working in a better place he was so good. He knew what I was going to do before I did, and kept track of my bets real well! Of course I was tipping the boys some too, which I'm sure got their attention, but they were nice to everyone from what I could see. Slots were not that loose in my opinion. I'd try El Cortez downtown Vegas for loose slots. It's a dump, too, but does have loose slots. That's it!	
Jul 10 2009 	Fun change of pace	A little hold out dive in the midst of Mega casinos! We haven't stayed here, but make it a point in our yearly visit to Vegas to spend time here. It is almost refreshing to get away from the Glitz- where else an you buy $40 and up clothing for only $5 bucks?-(China?) Sign up for a players card and get a coupon book with buy 1 get 1 free bottle of beer or drink for a dollar? Or your $50 dollar promo play, You win the jackpot or you get nothing (Except the free drinks while you're playing-plentiful!) Yes its a dive but fun.Where in Vegas can you get a bottle of beer for a buck?The servers are friendly and frequent! The slots are looser than anywhere we've been in Vegas and we always break even or come out a couple bucks ahead. I don't think We'll ever stay there but its a fun change of pace to visit	
Jun 15 2009 	Rude Dealers No CW anywhere!	I did not stay here but was at the casino next door. I wandered into the Casino Royale and decided to play Let It Ride. It was approximately 1:00 in the afternoon on a Saturday. I was the only one at the table and the dealer acted like he'd rather watch the TV over the bar area than deal cards to me. He didn't talk and kept stopping the game to watch TV. I also looked everywhere for a cocktail waitress and never found one. Because of this experience I will never consider staying here.	
May 10 2009 	Fabulous Budget Option - right on the strip!	Wow! what a find!This little hotel was great right in the middle of the strip.We were travelling at Xmas time and it was really expensive everywhere else but this hotel was fabulous. In a small casino next to McDonalds on the strip. The rooms were clean and spacious and had two queen beds.i would stay here again in a heartbeat as a cheaper option.	
Apr 22 2009	Casino Royale Is The Worst Place To Stay	We had such a bad time there. First when we got there we the room smelled like smoke. We ignored it and thought we wouldnt be in the hotel anyway, left a window open and enjoyed vegas. That was the first the second night we were there, our entire cieling where the front door in our room is, that entire area was leaking water all of our clothes and electronics was soaked. Turns out that the guy above us fell asleep in his tub and left the water running. To this day the management said that they are not responsible and told us tough luck. The management and staff are horrible and do not take care of their guests!	
Mar 5 2009 	excellent hotel	stayed here in feb.09 4 days,clean room and comfortable bed,wide screen tv refrigerator.everything you need,small smokey casino but ok,cannot beat the location for the money,casino royale please dont change.	
Jan 28 2009 	Excellent surprise!	After reading the reviews, I was worried about staying here. But as soon as I entered the room, all my fears disappeared. Our room (229) was recently renovated---everything was new and very clean. Bed was super comfortable, flat screen TV was nice to watch, bathroom was spic and span, and sleeping was a breeze with no real noise.Perfect location right in the heart of the strip, with food and fun nearby. I'm not a casino afficionado, so can't say how this compares. But we enjoyed a few free cocktails at the slot machines and had some laughs!We overheard a manager talking about trying to get their stars increased, so stay here while you can before the rates go up!	
Nov 16 2008 	Best Deal in Vegas!	I'm rating this based on the fact that it was a fantastic deal, very clean, and in a great location. Our room was very clean - and housekeeping did a great job cleaning it every morning. They are also recently remodeled and it's perfect for a weekend getaway for guys or gals. I wouldn't recommend it for a &quot;romantic getaway&quot; but it's great for a bunch of friends on the party! A bunch of my friends were in Vegas for a long weekend. They are a bunch of drunk idiots so they didn't need anything elegant - just a place to crash. This worked out great because Casino Royale is in such a great location. It's VERY easy to get in and out of the hotel (seconds from the main door to the street). They also have cheap food for late at night like Roman Noble's Pizza and Subway. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat. My only advice is to ask for an ODD numbered room. We had room 328 and it faced Harrah's side alley. There were a bunch of casino workers smashing glass in the dumpster each night (beer bottles). The ODD numbered rooms face their parking lot, which would be much quieter. I didn't complain because the noise was coming from Harrah's and was beyond the control of the Royale.	
Nov 14 2008 	Viva The Casino Royale	Just back from a 12 night stay at The Casino Royale and can thoroughly recommend it. The location is ace, right in the middle of the strip, rooms were very comfortable and clean and the beds were adorable. Excellent maid service each day. No noise at night in the hotel section so we managed to sleep soundly. The swimming pool is an ample size and was still open when we were there. The staff were very friendly. IWe/d definately stay there again. June and Chris from scotland	
Oct 21 2008	Most Underrated in Vegas!	Recently renovated, and centrally located on the strip, I love this place! Sure, this is not one of the &quot;major players&quot; in Vegas, but if you are looking for a clean place, with great location, this is the place to be.Not huge, it does not take one 20+ minutes to get from room to street. It took us less than 30 seconds! The rooms are clean and, as stated, recently renovated. One great feature: there are safes in the room that work excellently. I have to admit, maid service was slow. But when they did show, they did a great job.Cheap eats are all around this place. Located next to Harrah's, you can go there to eat at one of the many places there. Otherwise, it is directly next door to both McD's and Dennys. I don't gamble, but do drink and the .99 cent margaritas in the casino were awesome any time of day or night! There are stands and bars with drink specials not far from Casino Royale's doors, making it a great location for the person who does not wish to spend a fortune on alcohol, but wishes to purchase a lot of alcohol!Again, I don't gamble, but per other reviews and guide books know that Casino Royal offers some of the best odds on the strip. However, if you are looking to game late at night into the morning with Vegas' elite, don't head to Casino Royale. Past one A.M., the clientele is a tad seedy. But it is so close to the Venetian, Harrahs, among others. I read reviews that Casino Royale is of the smokiest. Well, they don't offer smoking rooms, or smoking in hall ways, so that is a plus. I must be used to run down little pubs at home, because I did not think even the casino was all that smokey. It is easy to catch the Deuce near Casino Royale. Either Harrahs or Imperial Palace has a monorail station, so that is near too, but I did not catch that at all. IP has a close by taxi hub, so that was handy.Overall, this is such a great place, that with the recent remodeling, I am sure that next time I go prices will not be as affordable...$313 for Thurs-Sun. Not bad at all!	
Sep 5 2008	Perfect Location!	This hotel is cheap and in the BEST location! It is located right next to Harrah and across the street from the Mirage among many of the other hotels that are walking distance....even in high heels! There is a 24 hour McDonalds within about 10 feet as well as some other affordable restaurants with great hours. The hallways of the actual hotel rooms are a little smelly and old looking but the room is decent. There is a nice sized mini-fridge right in the room and the beds are GREAT! I heard that they just refurbished the rooms and I was definitely happy with my booking. My next trip to Vegas will definitely be booked at the Casino Royale!!!PS - The casino itself offers $1.00 Michelob and Michelob Light as well as $1.00 margaritas....great way to pre-party without going far from your room!!!	
Aug 5 2008 	You get what you pay for	This hotel is a good option if you are looking to save a few dollars. It is ideally located on the strip right in the middle of some great casinos. Personally I'd rather save my money for shows and some nice dining while in Vegas so this was a good choice in that regard. The rooms seemed clean enough though very basic. The bed was very comfortable and the room had a small fridge in it. The elevator was broken one of the three days we stayed there so we had to trudge up the stairs. The casino is small and dated but since I had great luck on the slots while I was there I cannot complain.The only complaint I had was that the staff there are neither friendly nor helpful. The front desk staff is downright surly. If you are a person who just need basic accommodation to rest your weary head and can fend for yourself then the Casino Royale is fine. Just don't expect &quot;Royale&quot; treatment.	
Jul 26 2008	Back in Time....	Being a frequent visitor to Las Vegas and having stayed at the &quot;best of the best.&quot; I have to say that staying at Casino Royale is a &quot;step back in time.&quot; A time when courtesy, affordability, pride, and cleanliness are an everyday commodity. I love the quick ease in which the hotel is accessed. No struggles for elevators and 20plus floors. The quaint facility has a demeanor of yesteryear, with the gaming of today.New mattresses and bedding and flooring were an even greater welcome than I expected this past trip. How many of the &quot;glitzy&quot; hotels actually give you a refrigerator you can use?? This one does.Perhaps it doesn't boast a celebrity, or offer buffets, but you will find this a very pleasant environment while you are in Las Vegas. If you do choose to play, then use your comps at Outback Steakhouse which is located upstairs, or the Subway, or Pizza bar.I give this hotel a thumbs up for sure.	
Jun 11 2008 	Great find	Cool place. Perfect location on the strip. Clean big rooms, no frills, but who cares your never in there in Vegas. No pool, but just use one of the other hotels!	
May 4 2008 	Hotel OK Pit Bosses Negative	Hotel room in line with $69 pricing; friendly, efficient housekeeper; efficient, helpful front desk personnel; dealers at table games mostly good... HOWEVER, playing at a craps table one night, a pit boss was extremely loud and rude to a shooter. The shooter remained calm and mature and complied with the instructions by the pit boss on the throwing of the dice. But at the end of the fantastic roll, the pit boss continued loud admonishment of the shooter and banned the guest from shooting the dice again. Another pit boss then literally threw the shooter’s player card toward him onto the table. A &quot;big boss&quot; was in the pit and said nothing to the employees about their unprofessional actions. One young lady even told the pit boss this was her first time at craps and that when she threw the dice please don’t yell at her like that. The inappropriate communication behavior by the pit boss drove some of us committed craps players away. We found $3 craps tables downtown with especially great people and service at Binion's - they were polite, customer caring, friendly - even when directing guests on rules of dice throwing. We played over 40 hours of craps at Binion’s with excellent service, fun atmosphere and even some winnings. One Casino Royale dealer told me that management kept up with table games' profits and losses throughout the day and night and pressured pit bosses when tables were losing to the house. Maybe that pit boss was trying to interrupt the shooter's great run at that moment - the shooter still made all of us a lot of money quickly. No more Casino Royale for us.	
May 4 2008 	Another great stay at Casino Royale.	What's not to like? We've stayed at Casino Royale two to three times a year for the past 3 years. We've tried the bigger hotel/casinos and found Casino Royale to be a better value and more convenient. Its a small, fun casino, great service, friendly staff, comfortable rooms. We liked the card access security feature. If your ego demands a fancy resort, you should book elsewhere. If you are looking for fun at a reasonable price, then stay at Casino Royale.	
Apr 2 2008 	Casino Royale is disgusting	This place is disgusting. From the moment you walk thru the door and get a combination of smells from the icecream parlor, The steakhouse, sandwich shop, pizza and the casino smoke all in one breath. It took everything I had not to puke. Still wanting to give it a chance we made our way into the check in room where a nice lady helped us check in but told us we would have to stand in another line for our club card. She advised us that she couldn't help us with. So we went to the line approx 2 ft over and waited a few minutes and then there she was just like in the Scooby Doo movies she was there to process our cards! OK so we finish there and head up to our room. The first elevator we see is out of service....we venture down the hall and make it up to the 2nd floor. It appears that this is not just vacation lodging but possibly this is where low income people reside......We open the door and a whole new aroma appears now the smell of nasty urine or just plain ol FUNK. We look out the window hoping for some sort of a view to make this work because the cost is nice and the location is Great. We pull open the curtains and our view is to the back alley parking lot area and it doesn't appear to be safe at all. The view just looked like something out of a movie where you know bad things go down back there. This place is definately very rough around the edges.The renovations did look nice, but you got the feeling like the bed is nice but who on earth has slept here before me? I am not a spoiled person I have had my share of stays in Motel 6's and such and I must say when a Hotel 6 is better than this place it's not that great of an option. If you are a couple I wouldn't recomend this place there is No chance for romance there. We called immediately and changed our hotel. We ended staying farther down the strip than we would've liked but I am thankful that we had that option!	
Apr 1 2008 	Excellent for the money	The entire hotel is Non-Smoking effective March 1st, so this is excellent news for some, and heartbreaking for others. I got 2 comp nights, but rates are always cheap during the week, and about $100 cheaper on weekends than the &quot;big guys.&quot; The beds were more comfortable than the room I had at Harrah's the previous nights. AC worked well, and the windows opened, which is a huge plus for me, I enjoy fresh air. Shower pressure was decent, and bathroom was clean. In room has a coffee pot, refrigerator, and safe. Television has 14 channels, and no video check out. Also, my main complaint is NO internet access, even for a fee. You need to swipe your room key just to get into the building, I see this as a hassle, others might enjoy the extra security. To deal with the traffic, learn the back driveway into the garage. Just follow signs for Harrah's valet, but proceed straight under the large Harrah's globe sign that goes across that access road.	
Mar 29 2008 	An unusual package in a great location	We were headed to Las Vegas for a spring break weekend and picked a time when city-wide rates were off the charts. Stumbled on a deal for the Casino Royale property located in the shadow of the Venetian and across the street from the Mirage. A small hotel with no public space we had trouble finding where to check-in. Very nervous when we saw construction dumpsters in the parking lot. fortunately our room was already renovated. Comfortable room in a well-worn property. In-room mini-fridge, cable TV, nice bedding and a decent bathroom. There is a Ben &amp; Jerry's, Denny's and Outback Steakhouse in the property. Small casino without a lot of frills. The best part is the location. convenient parking and a very short walk to most of the major casinos. Literally a few hundred feet from the entrance to the Venetian. If you want to be on the infamous strip and you don't require a high level of amenities, then this property will work for you.	
Mar 17 2008 	Casino Royale is Great	Stayed with a group of 8 guys (age 25-45) to go to the Mountain West Tournament. All four rooms were recently renovated. New carpet, new beige paint, new bedding (VERY SOFT!). hotel is small but nicer than we thought it would be. It is a budget hotel but the location can not be beat. The casino bar hosts $1 and $1.50 beers with very friendly bartenders. The elevator is very small and old, we only used it when we had luggage. Overall a wonderful stay. Tip - walk to Harrahs through the parking garage to catch taxis.When I come to Vegas with my wife we will stay at the Bellagio or Wynn, but when we come out for a guys weekend definately Casino Royale.	
Feb 26 2008 	Loved It!!!	This is a great place to stay on the strip. Lots of action and super fun. The hotel is clean and the service is great! We will be back. Perfect for the budget and also felt very safe. We have not been to Vegas in 16 years and will definately we go back to this hotel. YOU WONT BE SORRY! Good luck and VIVA LAS VEGAS!!!	
Feb 21 2008 	Good times at the Casino Royale	Small casino, Small hotel - perfect location. I have no complaints about this property at all. The negative reviews you'll read are most likely from people that would be dissatisfied with the level of service The Bellagio offers to it's penthouse suite guests. If you're young (or old), on a budget (or not), looking for a good time in Vegas without the frills - Casino Royale is the place to go. Checking in and out went smoothly - The front desk is easy to find (can't miss it in a casino this small) and the staff was very friendly. The room was simple, clean, and conveniently located in respect to the casino – Literally a 2 minute walk from the street to your room. The casino is small, smoky and charming in a retro sort of way. Table games are cheap, slots are plentiful - food is basic - I spent most of my time gambling and eating at the other casinos, but at the end of the night - always ended up back at the royale nursing a cup of whisky playing some slots. It's a good time. Check it out.	
Jan 28 2008	great location great price	Our stay at Casino Royale was fine. The location and price can't be beat. We even had a fridge in our room. We would stay here again.	
Dec 31 2007 	You get what you pay for - LOCATION is awesome though	My husband and I compromised - we stayed here for 4 nights and then went to the Venetian for 4 nights. This place actually was exactly what I read and expected. Run of the mill cheap hotel in a SUPERB location. Yes it's used and kind of dirty, but the price cannot be beat. $59-$79 a night. It looks like any room that price nearly anywhere in the U.S. **Warning - YES - there were prostitutes about (by the security door to get in the hotel area) and they are not modest. NOT a family hotel. Staff was courteous, casino small but kept well, room was cleaned as well as could be. NOTE - each time I called for something they were there within minutes (extra pillows, towels, etc.). I even called about our T.V. not working and the guy fixed it within 20 minutes. Our window looked out over their pool - not heated, not clean in December, just an F.Y.I. We could also see the Venetian towering above AND heard that huge BONG BONG each morning, on the hour, from the Venetian's Bell Tower (see the pictures I've included here). So be warned. BUT - this hotel is what I read and I was prepared. Go there with these things in mind and you're good to go. Again, you cannot beat the price or location. Personally, I would probably not stay there again - I'd buck up the extra $40-$50 a night and stay a few doors down at the Flamingo or something.	
Dec 22 2007 	Great Stay!	It started out really bad, I had asked for an upper floor smoking. When I enter the bathroom the tub had this black gunk by the drain. I walked into the sleep area to use the phone and the bed was not made, it was stripped of sheets, everything. I called and went back to the main desk. I did not get a smoking room but the room the desk person gave me was very nice! He was sweet, told me I could move to a smoking room the next day but I told him I will stay in the one he gave me, the room was great. If you have to smoke there are areas on the same floor that have a bench and a big ash can. The cocktail waitresses are not as nice as they used to be. I think I saw their supervisor giving one of them hell , she was sweet to me; not a great thing to do right in front of patrons. I wouldn't be happy working there either if that's how she treats staff. The waitresses I have met in the past two years have been really nice - too bad they left Casino Royale. Great place to stay. I felt safe, it is clean and best of all, right in the middle of the strip. I always stay here and I visit Vegas at least twice a year.	
Nov 18 2007 	Great Location on the Strip!!	First of all let me advise if you want luxury and great strip views, breakfast in bed and expensive room service, don't stay here! If you want value, a convenient location on the strip and a clean, comfortable place to stay, book now! I have stayed at the Casino Royale 3 times in the past 2 years. It is not a luxury Vegas resort, but since I only use the room for sleeping and was hardly ever in it, the value and location on the strip are great. Check-in was quick, staff was nice and efficient, and access to the rooms is right around the corner, unlike the mega-hotels where you have to walk 3 miles through the Casino to get to your tower room after check-in. I drove my own car and figured out how to get to the hotel parking lot going the &quot;back way&quot; since it is almost impossible to turn into the hotel property from the strip. The pedestrians never stop to let you in, and if you try to nudge your car into the driveway, irate pedestrians start banging on the car! Gees!! Casino Royale is right in the middle of the strip with Harrah’s on one side and the Venetian on the other. The Mirage is right across the street. Also, the monorail can be accessed very quickly by walking through Harrah’s next door. Very convenient. The room is kept very clean, as was the bathroom. If you are worried about walking on old carpet, wear flip-flops or socks. I even had a phone message waiting from housekeeping one evening when I returned. I had left the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door, and they wanted me to know that they would clean my room if I just called them. Great housekeeping service. Also an in-room safe that I really liked. I will stay again in 2008. I can stay for 5 nights at the Casino Royale for what it would cost for 1 night at the Bellagio.	
Oct 30 2007	About what I expected	Worth the $ 80 per night that I paid (Fri-Mon).Good: great location, coldest AC in Vegas, 2 minutes from room to strip, great shower, never felt unsafe, friendly staff at check-inBad: paper thin walls, view of a wall, no room service (but takeout from Outback in the hotel), thought room was clean but noticed black marks in the tub that came from my feet after walking thru the room on the carpet, and finally - you're staying at the Casino Royale	
Oct 10 2007 	Convenient location!	If you want to get away from all the mega resorts, this is a great place to stay and very affordable. The casino is small compared to the mega resorts but that is what I liked about it. Easy to get around, not overly crowded, and convenient location. Check it out!	
Oct 2 2007	Don't Book this One	This hotel was awful. The carpet was filthy, the sitting chairs were filthy. THe bathroom was the only clean area in the room. It was hard to even locate how to get in and up to the check-in desk after being dropped off by the shuttle car. The hotel stay was given to me...but I would never book this hotel. It is equal to a Motel 6 or less. Don't book this one.	
Aug 27 2007 	Clean value hotel	We stayed at the Casino Royale as part of the Tahiti Village &quot;free trip&quot; promotion, and added a day on our own at the end. The room was immaculate. For the most part this room on the 4th floor was quiet. Air conditioning during 4 days of 100+ temps was very adequate. I would recommend the hotel for anyone wanting an economical place to stay (our extra night was $69). It is right next to Harrah's...and Harrah's buffet is awesome!(No views in this hotel, all the rooms face other walls or parking lots.)	
Jul 30 2007	Don't Stay Here! Horrible!!	Ok, so the only thing good about this hotel was the convience to bigger and nicer hotels!!All and All this hotel sucked!! It was hot, smelled old, you couldn't really get away from the smoke from the downstairs casino. We were on the 2nd floor. Saw a Roach that fell down in the light fixture! Gross! The comforter was old, thin, torn and had cigarette holes in it. The bed was soggy and had plastic on it. Worst sleep ever and I was dead tired. TV was a 19 inch analog cable televsion that didn't get a good picture. It cut in and out by moving the cable wire! I guess the bathroom was OK... Clean, but our tub was stopped up where water was coming up to your ankles! EEK! We did call and a guy came and fixed it within 5 minutes. So that was good, I guess. It looks decent from the outside, but it is like an old MOTEL 6 that hasn't been updated since 1960!!! in the back side of it. There is no valet parking like the other hotels. Horrible! I haven't seen an elevator that old ever! You get lost trying to find out where you check in to the hotel. There are no signs and no is around to help you find it. The phone was so old~ and It was way across the room where usually they are on the nightstand! It had this small kitchen area, that had a fridge i think and a safe. No Iron, had to request it.So i guess all and all, if you want a crappy hotel just to sleep in during a vegas trip, pick this one. But if you really want to experience all the cool things that the other hotels would offer, go somewhere else. You know like a fitness room, spa, pool , wireless interent, shops and resturants. They had no room service or any resturants inside the hotel.So my recommendations to stay in Vegas if you want a nice time are the Luxor, Wynn, Mandalay Bay, Ceaser's Palace, MGM Grand, Venetian, PLanet Hollywood, Just any of the main big ones.Bally's and Flamingo didn't look so hot either. I am not sure about Harrah's. That's my review, my very first one b/c I just HAD to tell others!!-Anomynous	
Jul 16 2007 	The Good The Bad The Ugly	The Good: Location, location, location! About as close to all the action on the middle of the strip as you could get. The room rates for this spot on South Las Vegas Blvd. can't be beat. The Bad: This all depends on what you are looking for. If all you want is a clean room to lay your head and a place to get cleaned up the Casino Royale will fit the bill. This Hotel/Casino is a former Motel 6 with minimal amenities and even less style. The Ugly: Compared to its surroundings, this place is pretty dreary. The Casino draws a younger (21-30) crowd clamoring for $1.00 beers and Margaritas and they can get a little intolerable after dropping a ten spot on drinks. The Synopsis: By modern Vegas standards, the Casino Royale is unrefined and the tiny casino is reminiscent of the old grinder casinos of days gone by. Don’t come here expecting anything other than a basic motel (with the exception of an in room safe) and you won’t be disappointed.	
Jun 6 2007 	Liked this great location	Stayed May 7th for 4 nights and was pleasantly surprised. Already scheduled my June trip for the Casino Royale. Keep in mind that I am a poker player and don't spend more than 6 hours per night in my room. However, the location is great. Just a few minute walk to Bellagio, Mirage, or Treasure Island and I find all the poker action I need. Then after a long day at the poker tables, the 1 dollar Michelob beers at the Casino Royale are very welcome. I also enjoyed the $3 craps tables. You can play a long time on not very much cash when you want to play a house-edge game there.Granted, the place could use new carpeting in the hallways of the hotel and is a bit dated, but the rooms are clean and decent and quiet. Maid service is very good and the staff was friendly. If you are looking for luxury, go to Caesars, but if you want a great location at a great price, this isn't bad. I used Travelworm to book the good room rates, but I'm sure most of the online booking places have the same good rates for this place.	
May 31 2007 	Cheap 	We stayed for 2 nights at the end of March 2007- a Fri &amp; Sat-- The reason picked Casino Royale was mainly price and location. We were looking at booking about 1-2 months before we arrived and at the same time - prices for strip hotels were at least DOUBLE or more since weekends are most expensive- we paid $85 US/night and booked through TravelWorm. We were sceptical about booking through a lesser known website like Travelworm- but we did a lot of research and found out that they are based out of LasVegas- Plus the person we talked to was knowledgable and friendly- There were no problems with the booking. Booking though the website was cheaper than booking directly - even IF you had AAA.Location can't be beat considering the price. A downside is that taxis can not or do not want to stop here to pick people up. We waited 1.5hr on Sunday for a taxi to come (after calling and recalling 3 times) The only reason we got a taxi was that one was dropping off people and we happened to flag it down in time. A word of advice- either don't bother calling for a taxi (have your own car!) or walk to the next big hotel (not a short walk either!) to catch a taxi. Close to the Venetian &amp; Harrahs, across from the Mirage- Denny's, Outback, and some other fast-food type places close by. About the accomodations:Check-in: -located within the casino... slighty hard to find... quick though- under 15 minutes for everything.Room: we stayed on the fourth floor, the very furthest room down the hallway- it was a long hike- but we're into exercise and didn't really mind--unfortunately this particular room did NOT have a fridge like it should've...Safe was available.. Room cleanliness was decent- didn't notice any weird smells... only the middle elevator was working... Since we were at the end of the hall- we had no problems with noise.Beds:-ok, we aren't very particular and can fall asleep on anythingBathroom:- brightly lit, decently clean, good water pressure-- nothing fancy here- but was adequatePool- we didn't use- looked small- but I suppose if you were the only ones using it it would be ok-Other:-Ice maker was decent- didn't have to wait too long for a large amount of ice. (we didn't have a fridge and therefore had to resort to the ice-in-the-sink method of keeping out drinks cold)In summary- this would be the hotel for people that are not that picky about where they stay. If you're looking for fancy room service, spa service, big pool etcetc- don't bother here. If you just want a room to sleep in while you are touring the strip- the price and location will more than justify your stay.	
May 7 2007 	Cheap...can't beat the location!	Would I stay here with my wife and kids? No way! However, I did go with a bunch of guys for a bachelor party and it was perfect. Imagine if a Motel 6 had a casino and that is what Casino Royale is like.Positives:Location. Casino Royale is located between The Venitian and Harrahs at Mid strip.The staff was VERY nice and helpful.Beer is only a 1.50 (unless it's Michelob then it's only a buck)In-room safeNegatives:Hallways smell mustyDoor and lock are flimsyBed is uncomfortableHallways are noisyI would recomend this place for college kids or bachelor/Bachlorette parties on a budget	
May 1 2007 	A good value	We stayed 3 nights at casino Royale, we checked in early with no problems. Our room was pretty average, 2nd floor with a view of the Harrah's loading dock, in room safe and fridge. The location can NOT be beat, wedged between Harrah's and the Venetian and we could watch the Mirage volcano from the penny slots. The casino was small and laid back, we were first timers and we didn't feel out of place. Food selection was limited, but Denny's for breakfast and late night pizza was fine for us. The pool is a little bigger than your average hot tub, but still refreshing and no little one's running around. One dollar michelob's and margarita's all the time, cocktail service was a little slow, but friendly. You are on your own staying here, so if you need a spa treatment or room service or a cabana you need to go somewhere else, but if you want a cheap place close to the action this is it.	
Apr 17 2007	Great Place To Stay with unbeatable prices !	Just got back from my stay at the Casino Royale Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada, and it was a great place to stay, in a great location in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip ! Its a smaller, private hotel, non of the bells and whistles of the bigger hotels around it, but for the price, its unbeatable! The staff was helpful and did everything they could to help, including letting us check in early as well as check out late, due to our flight times. I'll definitely be staying here again when I visit Las Vegas, and would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a great place to stay in the heart of The Strip! The combination of the price and location of the Casino Royale is unmatched! Also, the hotel is right next door to Panda Express, McDonald's and Chipotle, which is a great alternative to the overpriced Subway in the casino!	
Apr 16 2007 	Great Value!	Casino Royale offers exceptional service, courteous staff, clean hotel rooms, great views and a perfect location in the heart of the strip. We stayed at Casino Royale for a week last week and really liked it. Although I was sceptical at first, I cannot complain. Check in was so quick unlike the mega hotels in Las Vegas. We asked for a room higher up (as recommended through reviews) and were given a room on the 4th floor. Access to the strip was so quick and easy in comparison to hotels on the strip where you have to literally walk a mile to get to the street. Amenities included a mini fridge, a safety deposit box (which could be accessed via digits of your choice or by credit card), a coffee maker, and a hairdryer. One item that we needed that was not initially in the room was an iron and ironing board, but when we requested one it was brought to our room within 5 minutes. You definitely won’t get service that quick at any of the monster strip hotels. The stay was quiet except for situations out of the control of the hotel such as the clock tower at the Venetian, the Mirage volcano until midnight and the crazy drunken hallway antics. Security was great at trying to keep out those not staying at the hotel. The only small problem we noticed was that one of the elevators was out of service the whole week, but there was an alternative elevator available and the stairs were just fine. We would definitely stay at Casino Royale again! For those with negative comments…I don’t know about you but when I go on vacation, I spend more time partying, checking out the sites and scenery because that’s what I like to do on my vacation. A hotel for us is the place to crash, go to sleep ;) and shower. I'd rather spend the $$ I saved from staying at a cheaper hotel on dinners, shows and nights out on the town. Maybe expensive hotels are more suited for your needs, if all you want to do is stay in your hotel room for the entire vacation.	
Apr 9 2007 	Bosnian Goat Ranch	This was my first time in Vegas, but THANK GOD Casino Royale wasn't my first experience in accommodations. Fortunately, we were able to have spent the first night of a 4 day stay in the Hard Rock Cafe, which I would fully recommend to anyone.But let's get about the Casino Royale. To put the positive before the negative, I will have to say that the location is ideal (which is probably the reason this place stays in business). It's centrally located on the strip, and fairly accessible to just about anywhere you'd like to go. In addition to this, the casino itself is fairly compact, but fun (if you're in to low-rent, down to earth, friendly dealer..etc). Blackjack switch is a fun game, that improves your odds slightly, but costs considerably higher to play (because you're forced to play two hands instead of one)Now the negative. I'll list them numerically so as to be sure I capture them all.1) The Smell: The entire place smells of urine and smoke. And the ventilation is HORRIBLE. The AC did not work (I read about this in a different review as well, so evidently it's commonplace at this hotel)2) The Accomodations: The beds were uncomfortable, the rooms were dank and musty, the bathroom fixtures (namely the shower head) were coming out of the wall, and the rooms were dirty as ever...in fact, we found several long, black hairs in the shower that were evidently overlooked in the last &quot;cleaning&quot;3) The Noise: Some construction was occurring in the parking lot behind us, and as much as I like the sound of clanging wood and metal in the morning, I did grow rather tired of the [--] rock radio station that was playing.4) The Accessibility: I know - a contradiction to my previous statement about the location...but I'm talking ACCESSIBILITY. This place is so difficult to turn in to, that a few cab drivers even refused to pick us up when they discovered our destination. I'm not kidding, it takes a $4-5 cab fare just to make the right turn from a block away. Once you get in the door, it's even more difficult to get to your room...the hallways are extremely long, and when we were there, one of the elevators was out of service. In short, we had to pass through a clear glass door (that wouldn't open half the time, no matter how many times you swiped your card), up one flight of stairs, down a long smelly hallway, into the elevator, up two floors, back down the smelly hallway and into your room. UGH5) We found so many things wrong with this place, and were so outright DISGUSTED by the hotel in general, that we humorously named the place &quot;The Bosnian Goat Ranch&quot; after staying there for one night, and commonly referred to it as such for the remainder of our stay.Two stars - one for location, one for the entertaining low-rent casino. Everything else is worth the extra $50 to go elsewhere.	
Apr 9 2007 	No Complaints	This is a decent hotel. It is clean and convenient. Wonderful location and spacious rooms. The staff was friendly and we loved the little casino. Having Outback, Dennys, Subway, and the little pizza joint just a hop skip and a jump away was GREAT! You can go in and out of the huge hotels whenever you want (use thier pool, poolside bar, etc). We would have no objection to staying at the Casino Royaleagain.	
Mar 5 2007	You get what u pay for!	It was my 21st b-day and there was nowhere to stay that was decent looking. We decided to stay at casino royale for its location. We get the room its ok looking everything basic u need. Then I i went straight to the bed and it was very uncomfortable and noisy. Then at night you can hear workers from Harrah's making alot of noise throughout the night with very loud music. Also the ac did not work but it did make alot of noise. To top it off the rooms keys did not work. And if they dont work u cannot even get inside the building where the rooms are. I stayed for 30 mins until someone had a key to let me in. Overall I would not stay here again. You can pay 50 dls more for a better stay.	
Jan 24 2007	Great Place To Stay!	We stayed 5 nights at Casino Royale and we will be staying there again, in December. The location couldn't be more perfect and there's NO way you can beat the price. Granted, if you're looking for &quot;flashy&quot; or opulance, then you may be disappointed, but really...if you go to Vegas, WHY would you want to spend so much time in your room that it would make a difference?? We spent most of our time enjoying the sights of Las Vegas, not sitting in our room.The rooms were spotless. The staff was friendly and very helpful. We were very comfortable, never having to be concerned about security as we felt safe at all times. We don't really gamble, so I can't say the casino itself was good or bad, but people seemed to enjoy themselves there. We went to several shows and all of them were a comfortable walking distance from the hotel....everything was, actually. And the things we went to that were off the strip, we needed only to walk across the street and the busses were there every few minutes. Honestly, you can't go wrong at Casino Royale!All in all...we highly recommend Casino Royale and will be very happy to go back again in Decemner.	
Jan 15 2007 	Okay 	My husband and I stayed at the Casino Royale over the Martin Luther King Jr. weekend. We are in our 40's.We booked a room there because it was the only place that was on the strip that had a reasonable rate for that particular weekend.The Hotel:nothing fancy, a bit rundown, perfect for folks who don't care too much about imageThe Hallways:a little creepyThe Room:average, refridgerator and safe a big plus, carpet looks old, pillows were extremely comfortable, furniture old, only channels one thru fourteen, not as clean as it could be, doors to rooms not secure enough - they look like people have tried to break into them before, was not overly comfortable being alone in the room at night while my husband was at the casino - no view to speak ofThe Casino:extremely smoky, young crowd(my husband enjoyed the casino) The Employees:everyone I came in contact with could not have been nicer, from Reggie who checked us in, to the security guard, to the folks selling the clothes in the front lobby, the dealers and waitresses, the folks at Denny's right next doorOverall:price was terrific for a holiday weekend on the strip in a good location (across from Mirage - next to Venetian)AAA discount availablevery few amenitiesperfect place for a bachelor partyI would likely not stay here again because it is not the right place for me but I'm sure some folks would think it was just fine	
Jan 8 2007 	Better then Harrahs and Others	The hotel is perfect if you going to drink, gamble, and have a good time. The pool is as big as my car, but you can go to other hotels pools. The rooms are nice and clean, and larger than most. There is no view, but you make up for that in location. The rooms are 30 seconds from the casino floor through a secured glass doorway. There is never a wait for the elevator and the staff is excellent. One important thing to note. We had friends staying at the Mirage and Harrahs. It took us 1 min and 10 seconds to get to Harrahs casino floor from our room. It took my friends who were staying at Harrahs 4 min and 19 seconds to get to the floor when we timed it. Once I know if was longer. It took us 3 min and 29 seconds to get from our room to the mirage, and we wait to cross the street. It took our friends 4 min and 35 seconds to get from their room in the Mirage to the casino floor. Before the Love show, they waited 5 minutes for an elevator and then had to walk a mile to the casino. By staying here, you save hundreds but are closer to the action then at the other hotels. The only difference is the pool, but you can easily go to other casinos pools. We went to the Flamingos twice. We carried a back pack and everything. The casino is great. You get a two free ice creams at Ben and Jerrys for signing up for their club and their drinks are strong. The waitresses are quick to bring them too. $1 michalobs are perfect for getting the night started.	
Nov 27 2006 	Give Casino Royale a Chance	Just got back from a trip last weekend that included a stay at the Casino Royale. While the hotel/casino is definately not the shining star on the strip, it does have several pluses that make it worth a look.Probably the best thing to say about the Casino Royale is its location. The hotel is smack dab in the middle of the strip, and is directly across from Caesar's Palace. Free parking in back with a 5 story garage makes the hotel really accessible. The price is another plus. Where else can you get a hotel room on the strip for under $100? The rooms are comparable to any standard hotel (i.e. La Quinta, Best Western, Holiday Inn) and are clean and roomy. Access to the hotel is by room key only, adding to an overall secure feel. While the rooms might not be swanky, lets be honest with ourselves. How much time do you actually plan on spending in your room while in Vegas?The hotel has an Outback and a Denny's, which is perfect in the morning to ease last night's hangover. The cons all come from your expectations. If you want a bunch of fluff, Casino Royale is definately not for you. The dealers in the casino are not the friendliest, and the hotel doesn't offer the amenities of others on the strip. If you are looking for a safe, clean, and reasonalby priced hotel in the middle of the strip, try Casino Royale. We will be visiting again in the spring.	
Oct 24 2006 	Not Good!!!	The Casino Royale was a TERRIBLE experience for us, I'm glad it was not the first time we have visited Vegas because we would NEVER go back!The Hotel was dirty and smelled the room was a good size but DIRTY.The Casino was very DIRTY also and the people that work there are VERY rude.There was alot of other thing's that happend ....too many to type.All I can say is spend a little more $$ and stay elsewhere...The next time we go we will go back to the Sahara!	
Oct 6 2006	Got Robbed!!!	Our stay was ok there up until the last day. The rooms are basic and it seems that they have renovated recently. The casino itself is a bit shabby and they only have these sucker blackjack games, called blackjack switch, aside from maybe one or two regular blackjack single deck games, which are always full.The last day after checking out I put my suitcase and backpack in the car. The trunk had my friend's large suitcase so there was no room. In less than thirty minutes, in broad daylight, our car was broken into and they stole everything I had. They hit another car too that was nearby. Both the cars were in the parking garage on the level visible from the main lot. There are no security cameras in this hotel's parking garage and there is not even a security guard patrolling the area. This place was obviously targeted for that reason and they knew to rob the guests who were checking out and putting luggage in their cars. The security dept at the casino has not returned one of my four calls asking about the case and inquiring about whether they reviewed the security cameras that are on the outside of the casino itself, that can view the main outside lot and the traffic coming and going at the casino. Nothing, no response at all. This place is not that safe in my opinion and I would never go back. I would stay at a nicer hotel with more security in place, since it seems that Las Vegas has some pretty shady and dangerous criminals preying on the tourists visiting the Strip.	
Oct 3 2006 	Great Location but.......................	We spent a 3 day weekend at this hotel, and considering its location right on the Las Vegas Strip, surrounded by multi mega-million dollar resorts its hard to be fair and not give it a negative review. The hotel was super clean, and you couldn't ask for a better location. The negatives were the room was really small, the bathroom was tiny, and the hotel offered nothing to make you want to spend any time at the hotel. The hotel (or I should say Motel) appears to be quite old and doesn't offer any of the modern touches you look for when deciding where to stay. The room rate ($85.00/night on Fri. &amp; Sat.) was very reasonable compared to the $275.00 to $450.00 nightly weekend rate at the rest of the hotels on the strip. Its a wonder this motel hasn't been torn down yet to make room for another mega resort. If you decide to stay here, just remember: you get what you pay for.	
Aug 5 2006	Great Stay!!	We stayed here for 4 nights last week. Loved it. Thanks to recommendations from others on the Las Vegas forum, I called the hotel ahead and requested the 3rd floor. We had rooms 311 and 315. Both rooms newly renovated. A/C worked great. No smell of smoke at all.Very clean and the bathroom was renovated as well. We had prime location on the strip, so everything was walking distance.We would stay here again. We paid $63 per night. Great price for the prime location!	
Jun 25 2006	Diamond In The Rough	My husband and I just got back from a 3 night stay at the Casino Royale and we LOVED it! It was a smaller casino, but had everything we needed. The rooms were large and clean and provided us with a safe, fridge, and coffee maker. The casino had a large variety of games and using the hotel's club card gave us many fun playing coupons. The hotel pool is smaller, but again big enough to swim laps and adequate space to get some sun. It is open daily from 8:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. One of the other great things about this hotel is the location. It's pretty much right smack dab in the middle of the strip. Restaurants right next door include McDonald's, Panda Express, and Chipotle - Outback Steakhouse connected to hotel. We will be staying here again on our next visit to Vegas and why not with the player's card you can earn free nights.	
Apr 24 2006	Great location	My husband and I were pleasantly surprised by our stay at Casino Royale. We go to Vegas often but the weekend prices can get exorbinant. You can usually find a reasonable rate here and it is a good deal. The rooms are clean and of a good size. The casino is fun with quick drink service when you are playing. My husband and I won $1500 playing video poker, luck of the draw of course but winning always gives me a favorable impression of a hotel. The only thing I would recommend is requesting a room on the Venetian side. We were on the Harrah's side right by a loading dock and the trucks were rolling in all night, backing up with that loud beep and we got very little sleep.The location is wonderful, close to all the big casinos. We would definitely return.	
Apr 17 2006	Enjoyed stay	A group of us girls.(bestfriend weekend) stayed here for 3 night. The hotel is off the main road so no noise. Which was great. The rooms are nice, Clean, and well kept. The hotel bar tender Daryl was great..99 margarita...whoooooo..!!Had a great time here. Friend won on penny slots.Would love to go back	
Apr 6 2006	OK rooms timeshare "deal" a ripoff	We stayed at the casino royale because we were offered a &quot;deal&quot; by the Tahiti Village timeshare company. The rooms were clean - better than I expected. We had constant problems with our room keys, however. Also, I have been charged more than I was promised by the timeshare company, and the free slot machine play they offer must be done only on their &quot;promotional machines,&quot; on which you can not cash out unless you hit a jackpot. One employee told us that they had only seen two winners on these machines the entire time they worked there. These are also the machines that you must play when you join their &quot;club&quot; and get $50 free play. In addition, other offers that the timeshare company promised were not as they were explained to me. Overall, the rooms are fine and a good deal . . . DO NOT book there because you get a &quot;good deal&quot; from Tahiti Village . . . this is a waste of time and is not a good deal - except for the room discount (which I have not yet recieved), the extra stuff they offer is not worth it. If I had to do it over, and could find a room on the strip for 30-40 dollars more a night, I would do it. Otherwise, the room is fine - clean, very basic.	
Apr 3 2006	Value Value Value	I stayed here for three nights in January and would recommend this to any one that wants good value in themiddle of the strip. Very clean rooms, very standardnot a lot of extras but can't beat it fo location, cleanliness and value. No hesitation to stay here again.	
Jun 28 2005	Best Buy on the Strip	This hotel is the best buy on the strip. It is certainly not elegant or luxurious, but it is clean and inexpensive. The location can't be beat! Right across from Caesar's and The Mirage. I have stayed there several times, and always enjoyed my stay.	
Jun 8 2005	no frills good deal	A great place for the low roller. Great location and price. Room was older but clean. Not the place if you are seeking up scale LV. But if you want to keep your lodging cost down this is the place to go! Make sure you get a casino card. Very modest play will get you free rooms in the future and comps now!	
Jun 8 2005	close the tables in vegas?	Visited the casino weekend of june 2-5. Place was filled even at 330 am, but the dealers announced craps tables were closing, and the only one left would be the sit down craps. This place was FULL at 330 with action. Best craps odds in town (100xodds) but the sit-down only has 10x.The craps table near the bar is dirty, and has some duct tape holding the rails. One dealer said that they can not afford to pay OT, so they close tables down. THis is vegas and they close? The Subway was expensive ($8+) for a meal-deal. THis place is in a good location, and they give $50 in free slot play for getting a players card. The pit boss has mine still, they lost it. They can have it! They only bring draft beer to tables, must get bottles at full price at the bar. I can only imagine that this place will be replaced soon.	
May 11 2005	OK But Not Great	The only reason we stayed there was because some friends we were going to be meeting up with had already chosen the place. We have stayed at Stardust, Riviera and Imperial Palace, so you can see we don't have real expensive tastes. Our first impression was the place is extremely dark and uninviting. We decided before we even checked in that we wouldn't stay there again. I originally made reservations for 3 non-smoking rooms. When I called to cancel one of the rooms, I found that they had reserved 2 non-smoking and one smoking. I'm pretty sure when I asked about AAA or any other discounts I was told there weren't any. When checking in, they asked if anyone in either room had AAA. Only one person had brought their card. Unfortunately, that card could only be used for the room that person was in. So even though there were 2 AAA members in the other room who didn't have their cards, they wouldn't accommodate. The husband of one of the members faxed a copy of their card and on checkout, they almost didn't accept it because HIS name was on the card rather than HERS. They changed it so he was listed as the guest. We found most of the employees there to be not very friendly or particularly helpful. The cashiers are not happy when you request quarters rather than use their new ticket system. In fact, the first time we asked, they told us that only 2 machines in the whole place even took quarters, which is not true. Overall, the rooms were fine - clean and comfortable. It is a very small casino and the rooms are a short walk. The elevator was always right there when we rang for it. We only had to share it once. Also nice, is having so many restaurant choices in one place. Denny's was very accommodating to our 10 person group for breakfast.	
May 2 2005	Bad experience	We travel to Vegas once a year and enjoy staying at different hotels each time. This was our first and last stay at the Casino Royale. While we are certainly not picky about every little thing, there were too many things here that were unacceptable. We read this site often for the reviews, and in doing so found that you should request one of the newly remodeled rooms on the 4th floor. We did just that. When walking in the room it was very nice. Had a mini-bar with fridge, etc. But the room felt like it was not very clean. We put on a clean pair of socks, walked across the room to the window, and our socks became filthy! Next, beware of the rooms on the right side of the casino (facing the McDonalds). This was where our room was, and it was right above the loading dock. We were kept awake ALL NIGHT due to the beeping, yelling, and other noises associated with a loading dock. We walked outside the next day and observed that there were about 12 rooms from floors 1-4 that would have all had the same situation (the ones nearest the back parking lot). We know the rooms are cheap here, but is this why? The casino itself was nice and small, but very dark and many mirrors. We ourselves were concerned that we would walk into one of the mirrors, and wondered what elderly people with poor eyesight must encounter here... Needless to say, we were booked to stay for 3 nights, checked out, and checked into the Monte Carlo - what an incredible difference! Bottom line, if it is cheap you get what you pay for!	
Apr 29 2005	surprised	Was surprised on how clean the rooms were kept, bathrm, clean towels everyday, beds made &amp; all straighted up everyday. Would stay again. Right in the middle of the strip. Only one problem sometimes could enter hotel without pass key, because door left open. Met lots of security walking the halls. next to Dennys for good breakfast. I enjoyed the convenience . Marie, Ronkonkoma, NY.	
Apr 26 2005	My first trip to Vegas stayed at Casino Royale	We arrived at the Casino Royale around 10:00 Pm. It was a little difficult finding the front desk. Check-in was fast. Our room was clean. Nothing flashy which wasa OK (since I wasn't planning on being in the room too much). The thermostat on the A/C didn't work. It kept turning on and off...on and off...on and off....so I just turned it off.The casino was fun. Like the rooms, nothing flashy but it got the job done. This is a place for the really low rollers like me. Black Jack, roulette, and craps all had low minimum bets. So low, it's hard to get on a table. Food was also cheap with Subway, Denny's and Outback on site. Throw in the $1 Michelobs (Marguaritas had very little if any alcohol) and you've got a low rollers dream.The best thing about the Casino Royale was the location. It was almost in the middle of the strip. It's between Harrah's and the Venetian and across the street from the Mirage and Caesar's. Everywhere was within walking distance and we went to every casino on the strip.All in all, I had a good time. No regrets about staying at the Casino Royale. Except for the A/C, the room was Ok. Service was good and the Casino was made with the little guy in mind. I would recommend Casino Royale if you want a no frills room in a great location.	
Apr 23 2005	No Complaints	We stayed at Casino Royale for 4 nights the end of March. Nothing fancy but the coffee pot in the room was a real plus for us. Quiet and clean. One tip though-ask for a hair dryer at the desk at check in. A bit crowded at the entrance to the rooms with a popular t shirt seller right at the room entrance. Great location with McDonalds next door for quick food. Casino is small and crowded but friendly. Played craps for the first time and staff was helpful. Glad we found this place and would stay here again.	
Apr 22 2005	Perfect for the price!!	Perfect location, right on the strip by the Venetian, TI, Mirage. Easy-in and -out parking. You can enter and exit on Koval Ave instead of the Strip.I got a smoking room. There was a tiny bit of the smoking-motel-room smell hanging in the air, but not bad at all - much better than the typical crappy motel. Rooms are very close to the casino and to the front desk. No casino noise in the room however! Beds were very comfortable. Room was clean. For late-night food, the casino's Subway was open at 3am. It may be open 24 hours - I don't know.One concern: is the air conditioning system a match for the Las Vegas summer? It was only about 75 degrees during the day when I was there, and I could not get my room cold. I really mean cold, though - I like hotel rooms to be at 62 degrees! I plan to stay again in June and will report on the A/C!	
Apr 5 2005	Great place in the middle of all the action!!!!	Stayed here at the Casino Royale and I have to say, &quot; This place is off the chains&quot;. Only problem I had was when I made the reservations for the junior suite they said I would have a wrap around leather couch. It was their error because that is only available for the suite. I told them i was informed wrong and they tried to upgrade me for free but they were completely sold out that weekend. I had the chance to actually see the suite and I am def. going back to stay in there. Great room for the money especially if your splitting the money with a few friends. Junior Suite with 2 rooms, 2 tv's split with 2 other friends came out to $100.00 a piece. 150 a night, you cant beat that. Plus ITS RIGHT ON THE STRIP!!!! you step out and Vegas life is right in front of your eyes. 5 stars if they would of upgrade!!!!!!P.S. Bring an Iron or get yours first they ran out hahahhahhahaaaaa	
Mar 30 2005	Perfect place for the younger crowd.	We have been to LV numerous times, staying at hotels such as Excalibur, MGM, Bally’s, Imperial Palace and Caesers. This last time we stayed at Casino Royale. I was a little apprehensive of staying there, but my boy friend was insistent. During all of our trips to Vegas, we had ended up playing at this casino the most. The tables are cheap, the drinks are strong, and the slots actually pay out. Anyway, as I said, I was scared there would be cockroaches in my bed and fought with my boy friend over staying there, but he won in the end. People in reviews complained that the front desk was hard to find, and the lines were long and blah blah blah. We arrived there at 9 am, check in is not until 3 pm. They allowed us to check in at 9:30, when they cleaned the room. The room was a nice size, it wasn’t Bellagio, but the bed was huge, CA Kind I believe, and really really comfortable. There was a refrigerator, a nice little bar, a closet and a nice size bathroom. The rooms look away from the strip, so you don’t hear the noise at night. Also, you are in VEGAS, you are there to play, have fun, walk around see the hotels, honestly how many hours do you really spend in your hotel??? We slept about 5 hours a night, the rest of the time we were enjoying our selves. This hotel houses mainly the younger crowd. Tons of people under 35 mixed in with strong alcoholic drinks makes a really fun atmosphere. Remember, you are there to have fun, not to stay in your hotel room!!!!!! For the price of this hotel, the location of it, and the strong drinks and loose tables and slots, this was an awesome place. We will stay there again next year, and I hate to admit this, but my boy friend was right (for once)!	
Mar 29 2005	Location is key	We stayed at the Casino Royale for 2 nights in March 2005 after staying at Mandalay Bay for 6 nights on the same trip. We stayed at Mandalay Bay for a convention but when it was time for me to pay for the last two nights, it was $600.00 + per night. We made the reservations about 5 weeks before the trip and March is a VERY expensive time of the year for Las Vegas. We normally stay at the Flamingo because of the location, but the rooms were about $400.00 per night. We decided to stay at Casino Royale because that is where we spend all of our time gambling every trip anyway.Our room at Casino Royale was about 20 feet from the casino and we could not hear any of the casino noise. The Casino Royale is your basic motel like Motel 6. Don't expect any frills just a clean room. The rooms were average size, but after staying at some of the mega resorts on the strip they seemed small but in compairson to other motels in the US, the room size is about right. I would stay at Casino Royale again because of the gambling and the location. The pool is about the size of my bathtub, so don't expect to spend the day at the pool unless you just want to lay in the sun. The food is average. There is a Subway and Noble Pizza in the casino and a Denny's attached to the casino and an Outback upstairs. We ate at the Outback on another trip and it was very good. I am not a fan of eating at a Denny's on vacation since I don't eat at Denny's at home and as far as the Subway and Noble Pizza in the casino, I choose not to eat at somewhere in the smoke filled casino unless I am drunk. The casino is rather smoke filled which bothers the contacts but that is what	
Jan 23 2005 	Short walk to action but bad A/C and heating--	I booked a room here for two nights on last minute's notice during a busy Vegas weekend. My room was clean and decent (Super 8 quality, but larger). I was prepared for a surly staff, but the front desk lady was very pleasant. The hotel is so small that the walk to the casino is wonderfully short; and the door to the strip is about 10 feet away from where the hotel &quot;security&quot; door and the casino meet! My only gripe was that there is no individual climate controls in the rooms. When they have the heating system on (starting in October) the rooms can get very warm if the temp goes above 65 f outside. I had to open my window, but then the noise of the strip will keep you up.The casino is old school Vegas. Very cheap, friendly and great gambling rules (100x odds on Craps and such). A little smokey though. Cheap drinks, but don't eat anything there, walk next door to Harrah's or somewhere else.	
Dec 1 2004	Nice Experience		
Nov 30 2004	Loved the Casino Royale		
Nov 9 2004	Terrible service rude dealers		
Oct 15 2004 	This Place ROCKS!		
Sep 25 2004	rip-off		
Sep 9 2004	great location cheap no extras but close to everything		
Aug 17 2004	Choice location - inexpensive surprise		
Jun 27 2004	The Price Is Right!		
Mar 21 2004	Good no frills hotel in a great location		
Sep 29 2003	The place to stay		
