	Easy walk to the strip	Help was very, very friendly and helpful. Extremely quiet for how big it is and how many people staying there. Only stayed 1 night but would stay longer. Got me a parking spot for my Harley right out front were it could be watched.	
Nov 21 2009 	Rude person on the phone helped us decide to never stay there.	We didn't actually end up staying at this hotel, but after I had to deal with the extremely rude person on the phone I am SUPER glad we did not stay there!First, I made the reservation online. A little while later, we figured out we were not going to make it so we decided to cancel.I called the hotel and the person that answered had a very thick accent, which I don't mind, but I kept having to say &quot;excuse me&quot; because I could not understand her and she seemed very annoyed by that. She told me I had to call the 1800 number to cancel. So I called the 1800 number and the gentleman on the phone said I had to cancel it with the hotel itself because it was after the 24hr window.I called her right back, after she answered the phone and figured out it was me again, she put the phone down, without even asking me to hold for a few minutes. finally she came back and I told her what the guy on the phone said. She raised her voice saying I had to call the 1800 number over and over again, not letting me get a word in edgewise. She finally said if I made the reservation using priceline, orbits etc. that I had to call the number. I told her I made the res. on the super8 website. So she asked for my name and right away starting reading off a number. I asked her what that was and she told me it was the cancellation conf. # like I should have known. THEN all I asked was am I going to be charged any penalties (being that it was after the cancellation period) and she said &quot;MA'AM, WHY WOULD I GIVE YOU A CONF. # IF YOU ARE GOING TO BE CHARGED FOR ANYTHING!&quot; Finally I said &quot;Excuse me I was just asking a question!&quot; Then she went off on me about how I was being so argumentative (which I belief since I couldn't understand her she mistook my &quot;excuse me's&quot; for being argumentative, that's all I can think of). And THEN she said she was going to reverse the cancellation so that I would be charged for the room.Then I basically had to beg her to leave it canceled which was very humiliating. Then I just asked for her name, she said it was Sarah, but when she answered the phone I thought she said Marcy, so I don't know for sure.I hope she is dealt with because who knows how much business Super 8 has lost because of her.	
Nov 11 2009 	Ok just to stay	This hotel is fine if you want a place just to crash at night and you are on a budget as we were. They have a shuttle that did bring us back to the airport and took forver to come to the airport. There is the Ellis Island casino next door, and it has inexpensive gaming and food in the restaurant that actually is pretty good. There is a quickie mart about a block away and you can get stuff you need there for cheap. It takes about 10 mins to walk to Bills on the strip. The room at the Super 8 was clean and we had no complaint about the staff or property.	
Oct 28 2009 	Good value for money at 44 USD for double room	We had 2 double rooms for 3 nights for a cheap price on offer. I think you can also usually find 40 $ coupons for this hotels on weekdays.The rooms were fine and clean and with coffee in rooms. Also it is nice to able to park near the room. You cant do that at the large Casino hotels.The pool was small but OK for a short swim. Also a not very much used SPA with hot water.Dont think there were any free breakfast but coffee in reception. But there is the very reasonably priced restaurant at the attached Ellis Island Casino next to it. Also a 7-11 next to E I.There are some homeless people and beggars near the hotel but they dont bother youvery much. Just say sorry no.You can walk to the strip in 15 minutes or drive in 5 minutes so for me the location was fine.	
Oct 22 2009 	Not bad for the money	I booked this room through hotels.com because I was told they accept pets and are located near the Strip. I had originally planned to stay at the airport La Quinta, which also accept pets but is not walking distance to the Strip. The reservationist said Super 8 was closer, and had a mid-week special running for $33/night for 3 days so I took it. I've never stayed at a Super 8 and was a little more than leery about the hotel and location. I had no expections whatsoever given the price, but was pleasantly surprised at what $33 bucks could buy.The street doesn't appear to be the safest area especially at night, and has poor street lighting due to large vacant/under construction lots that run along Koval Ln. However, the nearest intersection is so busy with car and foot traffic at all hours that I didn't mind walking to the strip after the sun went down. Just use your common sense. The hotel is 1 (Las Vegas) block from the strip and about a 10 minute walk - or less, if you cut through Ballys at the side entrance. The room was your standard motel room with a flat screen tv, coffee maker, a/c, etc, nothing exceptional. The linens were clean, but I noticed the boxspring/mattress had various stains at the side. I guess as long as the sheets were clean, I didn't need to know or see what was underneath. The hall carpets were stained but my room was clean and okay. I discovered that all 3 icemakers on all 3 floors were broken, which was a disappointment, however, on my 3 day they replaced them with new ice machines. All the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful.I think if you have no unrealistic expections, you wont be disappointed. I mean, you do get what you pay for, and if we all had the $200 to $300+ per night to shell out for the Bellagio--we would, so I have no complaints. It's a good deal if you only want to crash for a few days, and don't intend to spend much time in the room, but just to sleep. The pros are the proximity to the Strip and being able to park your car directly in front of your room. They also have Ellis Island next door, open 24 hours. I didn't eat there, but looked at the menu, which was inexpensive and had the standard Denny's-esque food items. It was fairly busy, and the patrons seemed to be locals.The one con that may be a big deal to some (besides the obvious lack of any semblance of luxury) is the dark unlit street. A couple street lamps couldn't hurt, and the creepiness factor may intimidate some people. There were a few homeless panhandlers hanging out at the corner Arco and at the bus stop across the street, but not unlike the many homeless you see on the Strip asking for money. It's just that seeing a few on a dark desolate street seems more ominous than the ones you see on the busy well-lit Strip. They didn't bother me and I had no problems. It was an overall pleasant stay for a few days and a few bucks.	
Oct 20 2009 	WELL WORTH A VISIT	I have just returned from yet another visit to Super 8 in Vegas and if you are looking for a clean, cheap central location then this is it.Free pick up to and from the airport. Free broadband and coffee in rooms and in reception area.Terrific restaurant in Ellis Island (next door to Super 8).The rooms are comfortable, clean and spacious....................similar to the &quot;big&quot; hotels on the Strip.I have stayed here on numerous occasions and never found anything to whinge about.Staff have always been friendly and efficient.	
Oct 8 2009 	Ellis Island is the Best Place to Stay in Vegas for the crowd looking to save a few bucks yet party like their in Vegas.	They serve $1.50 pints of beer at the Bar all day. It is brewed on site. It isnt the best beer, according to www.beeradvocate.com, but its only $1.50. Also, if you do breakfast, lunch or dinner in there restaruant there will be a bit of a wait (depending on party size), but the food is low priced and good portioned. The best part of Ellis Island is that there is a Sports Betting area. You wont find this as easily at any other Hotel where the price per room near the strip is under $100/night. It was less then $100/night to stay a block from the strip on a SATURDAY! You cant beat that and what else Ellis Island has. Hope everyone enjoys the stay as much as I did.	
Sep 23 2009 	Good Price	This hotel is well situated, it takes about 10 - 15 minutes walk on the Strip (it would be shorter but you have to walk around this huge parking place). We could park our car directly outside our windows, which was great. There is a swimming pool in the hotel but we didn't get to see it. Staff was OK, they weren't smiling a lot but were not rude either. Despite its central location, there is not much noise from outside.	
May 4 2009 	Budget stay at good location	Last year I went to Las Vegas with my friends and we booked Super 8 motel for our stay. The main reason for our stay at this hotel was it's distance from Las Vegas Blvd. We used to party till early hours in morning, and its very convenient to walk till motel after that.The room was spacious and clean, even though its not very luxurious... but since we were budget travelers, so we didn't mind any of it. They also have a casino in this hotel, so if you have urge to gamble but you are too tired to go to casinos on Las Vegas strip, you can start here itself.I will recommend this to budget travelers who are looking for party time on Las vegas strip, as this is not for those who wants to spend quality time in hotel room.	
Apr 20 2009 	For one night not so bad.	We got bumped off our flight, and this is where the airline put us up. We stayed on the 3rd floor, which we heard was recently renovated. I would not want to stay on floors 1-2. It is worth $40, I suppose. I don't usually stay in budget hotels anymore, because they just gross me out personally. However I have stayed in SO MANY of them, I can call myself an expert. This one is just ok, middle of the road. I did not use the shower, but my cousin did and she didn't complain. There is a hot tub outside, but it looked dirty and didn't smell like chlorine. The beds were not comfortable, but not awful. It is located right off the strip, we got to Hard Rock very quickly in a cab. Cabs drive past there all day long.Warning about Airport shuttle - Since this is where the airlines put their crew, you should not count on getting a seat on the shuttle. We were on the shuttle waiting for it to leave, and then when they ran out of seats, they actually told us to get off because we were not flying Southwest (and then the Southwest employees took our seats.) We took a cab which wasn't so bad, pretty close, but still.. would have been nice to use the free shuttle.	
Apr 7 2009 	Great value near the strip. Nice folks.	So much easier than strip hotels. Strip is no farther than some of the parking garages just to get to your room. Nice folks &amp; great food at Ellis Island. Cheaper than the strip. Free open internet access was the big plus. Most places around here charge $13 per day. I was on the side near the casino but didn't hear anything. A coffee pot was also nice.	
Mar 5 2009 	3rd floor is all new	This centrally located hotel is right off the Strip. You can see Planet Hollywood from the front door. They have recently remodeled all the rooms on the 3rd floor. The rooms are small, but clean and nicely decorated in a retro motif. There are flat screen televisions in the newly done rooms and colorful accents done with paint and fabric. Rates are less then $90. Ellis Island next door has several resturants serving steak, BBQ and other value priced meals.Plans for upgrading the other floors are in place.	
Dec 11 2008 	Bad hotel with seedy ambient	Strange hotel, strange people, I didn't feel very safe in here!Dirty corridor carpet, moist smell in the room, dark and bad decoration. The only positive thing, was being so close to the Strip.	
Dec 8 2008 	OK for the price	We went to Vegas on July 4th weekend. Its hard to find cheap hotels during that time. We decided to try this one out. It was cheap and a free breakfast. Its not a bad hotel for the price considering it was fully booked during that time. The building as such need an upgrade. The rooms were bigger. No refrigerator. It sucks considering the heat outside. The beds were comfortable. The bathrooms were not very clean but not bad.Overall I will recommend this hotel if you want to save money.	
Dec 2 2008 	OK for a night.	We chose this hotel because we were getting into Las Vegas in the afternoon, and leaving the next morning to drive down to the Grand Canyon, so we wanted something cheap and comfortable, which this place is. It was easy to get to from the airport, and they have a courtesy shuttle to and from the airport.The room was a good size, and clean, although it was on the ground floor and faced the road, so there was some noise, but not much. The front desk staff didn't seem to really want to be there, so not much information was forthcoming when asked. I guess you get that in a cheap off the strip motel like this. The motel is about a 10 minute walk from the Strip (too far for some), so it's good value for the location, and there is a restaurant next door, which seemed to be busy when we walked past. There is also a convenience store nearby.Overall, we found that this motel was sufficient for one night, but wouldn't stay for more than that.	
Sep 19 2008 	Good value for a budget hotel	We stayed at this hotel twice during our USA vacation, on the day of our arrival to the USA and again on the night before our departure. We chose it because it had an airport courtesy shuttle, was within walking distance of the Strip and had a restaurant next door. We weren’t disappointed with our choice although for some people it could be too far to conveniently walk to the Strip. The rooms were well maintained, clean and large and the air conditioning was effective without being too noisy at night. On our second visit we did have a similar problem to another reviewer in that our room key malfunctioned twice and we had to call for the maintenance man to unlock the door. Whilst the rooms were clean the corridors we poorly maintained and could do with new carpets and some fresh paint and brighter lighting.The reception staff were efficient but not as friendly as many other USA reception staff.Remember, this is a budget hotel and therefore don’t expect the luxury of the larger hotels on the Strip. If you just need a room for a night then it’s OK but if you are looking for several nights luxury accommodation in Las Vegas then I’d choose elsewhere.The Ellis Island restaurant/casino next door did a good evening meal and breakfast although be prepared to wait 40-45 mins (at 7.30pm) for an evening meal. The night we went there it was packed but they had an efficient system for turning the tables around and getting people seated. There is also a 7-11 store nearby which makes it easy to stock up with provisions.	
Aug 30 2008 	Experience Vegas on a tight budget ..try Super 8	-This hotel is very basic and definitely suits the budget.- Its about a good 10min walk off the strip to Bally's. -Rooms were small but well air conditioned. -Beds were not that comfortable, halls smelt very muggy and musty and not well lit.- No continental breakfast had a hot beverage dispenser but that was it.- Good free airport shuttle which is very helpful but BOOK night before.- Cabs will not pick you up there they are all on the strip but its about a 5$ cab ride from Bally to Super 8.-Front desk was rude and not that helpful except for the odd person..depends on the time of day.-Room keys never worked always had to get them re programed every time we got back. and were locked out from the pool.-Pool was refreshing after a long hot day but it was small and had a terrible location.-taps in shower were confusing and backwards.- 7-11 is close by and great to run and pick up a quick breakfast or coffee.Overall its great on a tight buget and when you are not spending a whole lot of time at the hotel. However Im not sure if we'd stay there again because I would rather stay on the strip and spend the money for the quality.	
Jul 4 2008 	Spend a little more money	The appearance of the room looked nice, but once you take a closer look you'd be disappointed too. The rugs on the floor had big stains and the room was not vacuumed. The bathtub was not clean at all. (Clorox would help). We were in a room by the back parking lot room #1002. At night there was activity and in the morning we'd find broken beer bottles by the car and bottles on the window sill. There was no breakfast served and I did not feel this was a safe place to stay. If you just need a place to put your head for the night this is okay, but if you want comfort and cleanliness spend a little more money and go to a bigger hotel.	
Jun 7 2008 	Nice Hotel	Free Airport Shuttle was a nice thing to have when you're flight arrives at midnight.The rooms are big and clean and air conditioned. The air con was too noisy to have on all night though.Friendly, helpful staff. Vending macines on all floors and ice machines.1 block back from the central strip, 10 minute walk. Ellis Island Casino is next door which had an ok restaurant for breakfast and dinner. 7 11 is next dorr to that.Free WIFI in the roomsOverall good value for money.. only paid about $60 per night for the room.If you're looking for a cheaper alternative and you're happy to stay off the strip, i highly recomend this hotel.	
Apr 29 2008 	Great Motel!	Stayed here for 3 nights late April. Was delighted with motel, rooms were bigger than usual only thing lacking was fridge, nice heated pool with plenty of spare loungers, airport shuttle very efficient and quick, excellent wireless internet, easy walking to all the major casinos and they even have free cappuccino!	
Apr 17 2008 	Very Good Value	Nice folks at the desk. Great room. Maintenance was great. Had a loose faucet knob. Took care of it in minutes. Super price for the two queens we got. The restaurant on site and in the casino was a really great buy and the food was great. Somewhat of await at meal time. They have an unadvertised steak breakfast special for the local cabbies for $4. You can't beat it and I took advantage of it. As a travel agent I was looking for a low price super value for my customers and got it; far superior to the America's Best Value Inn which I stayed in around the corner too.	
Mar 19 2008 	Just an Average hotel	Check In was great. We stayed here for 3nights while on a tour to Vegas. I was worried as it wasnt on the Boulvard...Though it is a 10minute walk to Ceasers/Bellagio. It was great.Cheap and cheerful. The best place to go in Vegas when you are on a budget. When we where here, there was alot of army staying in the same hotel so in way we felt safe.	
Mar 11 2008 	Nice location clean room HARD bed	I was arriving alone (meeting up with siblings traveling in from other states at different times) and arriving in LV at 9pm. My requirements were a hotel with a shuttle - the Super 8 had that. The price was better than the swankier hotels closer to or on the strip. I was very happy with the shuttle ride, the checkin- the people at the front desk were great, even when I had a room key that wouldn't open my room door the first time. I was pleasantly surprised at how quiet the hotel was (this was a Saturday night) and how clean the room was. My only complaint was the bed - it was like a piece of plywood. Absolutely NO cushion/padding on the top. I only stayed the one night (was booked for two) because I was able to get a room at the nearby Westin that next day for the same price (it was much more expensive when I tried to book it ahead of time) as the Super 8. I had a MUCH nicer room, and a HEAVENLY bed. If the Super 8 replaced their beds, I might consider staying there again. (But I won't be rushing back to Las Vegas).	
Feb 24 2008 	Debit Card Fraud	We were visiting US from Europe. We were on our way to Grand Canyon and we've decided to spend the night in Las Vegas and continue our trip in the morning. We have arrived around 11pm and asked for a room at the reception for one night. The first thing we were asked for was the credit card and the ID. Ok, yes we were a bit stupid giving the debit card just like that, but I thought he wanted to do kind of 'double check' of the identity... I don't know... I wasn't thinking. So what happens next second is that the guy swipes the card through the reader without saying anything. So we were NOT asked if we would like our credit card to be used! We get to our room and we check the bank account and we see that 600$ more than the price of the room was taken from the account!! We get down to the reception to ask if they took it. The answer was 'no'. But they DID take the money! There was another weird thing about the payment. We were told that the price was 75$, and after the card was used we got something to sign where it was said that we payed 75$. Later we saw 682$ were taken. When we asked the thief how much he took he said he took only 82$ which is for 'security reasons' and he will put back 7$ tomorrow if everything is ok with the room. But in the morning some other person at the reception said that 82$ was 75$ + tax! So we got a 'receipt' from the thief saying 75$, but they officially took 82@ but what they really did is that they took 682$! We got the money back from the bank, but I wouldn't recommend going to that place. For the rest, the room was nice and clean. But I guess that is what is always expected.	
Jan 31 2008 	Return to Super 8	I stayed here back in 1994 and returned again in Jan because the weekend rate of $80 was the best I could find. The property is a bit older now but still worth the price. The Ellis Island casino is exactly as I remember it and this time I even brought the wife along. It's a bit of a walk out to the strip but hey who doesn't need the exercise! Overall no problems at the Super 8.	
Dec 25 2007 	Very Good and Basic	Hotel has a great location behind Ballys which is about a 10 minute walk to the strip. The amenities are basic but clean and suitable if you are only wanting a room to catch 5 or 6 hours of sleep and take a shower. They also have a free shuttle to and from the airport. They also let me check-in a few hours early.It is a Super 8 and I paid $60 inclusive for a room 10 minutes from the strip. If you want a Bellagio experience then pay for it.The real deal whether you stay here or not is to take advantage of Ellis Island next door. They have $4.95 steak dinner and give you a $5 match play. They also have a microbrew, good pizza, and a small casino with cheap tables.	
Oct 17 2007	Fine if you're after a cheap hotel in a central location	This motel was absolutely fine for the price. It's in a great location, just one block back from the strip and there's a free airport shuttle. If you're staying for a while and can get a good deal at a better hotel on the strip, go for it. But, if like us, it's just a bed for the night then it's fine. The lady that drove the shuttle to take us to the airport was really friendly and the free coffee machine in reception was welcome.	
Aug 27 2007 	going downhill	This property is going downhill fast. The hallway stinks, side door lock is broken, one of ice machines did not work, and the other only dispenses a handful of ice at a time to registered guests. The bathrooms don't have any ventilation, so the smells linger for hours. In the room the overhead light was not working (though that got fixed, only took an hour and 2 calls to the front desk), the radio alarm refused to produce any sounds, and A/C was so noisy it was hard to sleep. This Super8 used to be a perfect budget option close to strip just a couple of years ago, but no longer.	
Aug 8 2007 	Does the Trick	The Super 8 in Las Vegas works for us because it is an uncomplicated experience and, in Las Vegas, hotels typically are absurdly complicated. The room is very average -- a queen-sized bed that is adequately comfortable, reasonable space in the bathroom, and a room size that, while not spacious, is also not cramped. Some positives included WiFi service that was lightning fast and a casino next door that serves somes darn good microbrews. The big factor that leads us here when we are staying in Vegas is that we can get to our hotel room in under five minutes. At the big Vegas casino/hotels, you will spend at least 20 minutes walking from your car to your hotel room and typically more. If you are passing through Vegas (as we were) or you do not want to deal with the complications that are par for the course in big Vegas hotels, the Super 8 might provide a good alternative.	
Jun 27 2007 	Great motel!	If you vacation for the hotel amenities, maybe this isn't for you. I, however, loved it.This Super 8 is right off the Strip - it took me 11 minutes to walk to the Flamingo Hotel, where my convention was. It's a $5.00 cab ride with tip (unless traffic is bad). So all the hotels, restaurants and attractions are right nearby. There is a pool but I didn't use it. It's not a luxury pool, but it could be fun for a family to play in.The restauarnt next door, Ellis Island (I think) was highly recommended by the locals (cab drivers) for great, cheap steak and has a bar and small casino. There is a 7/11 on the corner for odds &amp; ends. Free wireless internet in the lobby, which is roomy and comfortable. Coffee available 24/7 and individual coffee makers in the rooms.Great, helpful friendly staff. Airport shuttle. Air conditioning works well. Plenty of towels. Bathrooms large enough and clean, with fantastic water pressure. I had no complaints at all and can't imagine why you'd spend more. At $55 for a single room, it's less than half of most hotels in Vegas!	
Jun 21 2007	Loved the room and shower	My family stayed at the Super 8 while attending our sons graduation from UNLV. We are from West Lafayette, IN and though we have visited Las Vegas several times over the past years we have always stayed on the strip. This year we wanted something close to the strip, but not in the middle of the hussle and bussle. The Super 8 was wonderful. The rooms were large, clean, and well maintained. The shower was great and the hot water seemed endless.I will also speak on the friendliness of the staff and front desk people.Great experience and I intend to go out next year 2008 in March for another celebration and stay at the Super 8.Thank you.	
May 17 2007 	Rocky Horror Picture Show at Super 8	Stayed 1 night May 2007, selecting Super 8 Koval Lane based on some reviews on TA and I was desperate. I needed ease of access to the strip for some meetings – and had a place on the strip for the other nights booked – but could not get the first night because of a major conference being held in LV. I called the Super 8 but they told me they would only make a room available on the weekend if I booked 2 nights – so I kept searching and lo and behold, Travelworm had 1 night available at the same Super 8 so I booked it on Travelworm. I arrived early, left my bags and was told my room should be ready by noon. It was not – in fact, it was not ready until 4 pm. I was eventually given a room with queen bed for a price of $139.00 per night plus tax – prepaid on Travelworm. That was a steal for the weekend I was there! The room was basic and clean. Toiletries were of a low-end motel quality. The motel seemed to attract some “interesting” guests – like the woman who slept for hours outside my door early in the evening, then woke up and called someone on her cell. Same woman was thrown out of the motel at about 2 am; she was outside my door again pounding on the door across the hall screaming. Security told her that her husband had checked out early that day and she had to get out and she would not go as she had no money and no where to go. Needless this made an interesting one night stay – my first and last at this Super 8.	
Apr 20 2007 	An OK place to sleep during the night	Stayed in this Super 8 for a night with spouse and child. We had some initial problems with the sink, but that got fixed when I managed to reach the front desk. (You need to wait for a while until someone actually picks up the phone!) It was an okay place, and they let us park our car even after the checkout (our flight was in the evening). The intersection of Flamingo and the strip is 3 blocks away, so we walked. If you simply need a place to sleep and store your luggage, this is an ok place. If you want anything more, this may not be the place to be in. I'll definitely try other hotels next time, but would not rule this one out completely.	
Oct 31 2006 	Well situated Motel	We chose this motel for it's position and low price - and we weren't disappointed. For an 'off strip' motel it is in an excellent position - just a 5-10 minute walk to the centre of The Strip (Bellagio, Caesars, Bally's &amp; Flamingo). It was clean and comfortable and certainly good value. If you're just looking for somewhere to stay without any frills, then I would definitely recommend staying here.Don't miss the fountains at Bellagio!	
Jan 22 2006	It's ok	We were expecting something bad - but it turned out to be okay. I mean - It is a motel so you can't expect too much. But we were on a budget - so we thought about money instead of comfort. But it was located 5 mins walk from the strip - which was very convenient. And there is complimentary tea/coffee 24/7. But there is no free breakfast in the morning as it says on the sight - this is an error made by Super 8. The rooms are fairly spacious - but very basic. But we got a good deal and were happy with the place. The staff were friendly and helpful.	
Nov 24 2005	Nice hotel at half the price	I stayed at the Super 8 Motel when i was on holiday with Trek America. It was written in our itenary as a Budget hotel so i wasn't expecting much at all. I was pleasantly surprised. The room was spacious, not far to walk to the main strip and the staff were friendly. I would definately stay here again and would recommend it to anyone wanting to stay in Vegas but not able to pay Bellagio prices!!	
Oct 21 2005	Great value 'no frills' really near the Strip	If you want somewhere good value, clean, comfortable and safe with polite helpful staff near the Strip, I would recommend this hotel although it's not for those who want fluffy white bathrobes in their rooms and the other frills you get if you pay more.I stayed here for a family wedding. The rest of my family were in the Luxor/Bellagio and I was glad I had decided to stay somewhere smaller/cheaper which did not entail a six mile walk from the hotel lobby to the room which is the case with those big Vegas hotels. (I reckon I was on the strip in not much less time than it owuld have taken me to get down there from a room at the Bellagio once you had taken into the account the lengthy corridors, waiting for elevators etc etc).check-in was fast and easy with no queues, they had internet access (expensive but good that it was available) and free coffee in the lobby (be warned, Las Vegas hotels don't seem to supply the tea and coffe making facilities beloved of English hotels). An added bonus is the very blue-collar small Ellis Island Casino which is apparently where the locals go to gamble. They make their own beer, the steaks are meant to be great value (although I never got to try one). Being an Englishman in Las Vegas, I also quite liked being near 'real' things like the local 7-11 which meant I could buy bottled water and food etc as pretty good value (such places exist on the strip but are relatively few and far between).I felt pretty safe walking around this area even late at night although you do see the occasional signs that you are away from the wealth of the Strip - eg poor crazy people yelling at traffic, mumbling to themselves etc.On a general note re Las Vegas, it's amazing how long it can take to walk from one hotel to another even though they appear quite close on the Map which might be worth bearing in mind if you are working out where to stay. The 301 and 302 (Express) buses which run up and down he strip are relatively fast and easy to use - although they can get crowded and you need to make sure you have the correct change before getting on... (2 dollars a ride on the 301 or 5 dollars for an all day pass, and I think 3 dollars on the 302).	
Sep 26 2005	You get a bed and bathtub not much more.	This is proclaimed to be the “worlds largest Super 8”, but big doesn’t mean best. It is located off Flamingo, 1 block east of the strip so it is easy walking distance. Surrounding the property are parking spaces and there is also a small pool at the rear. We were checked in efficiently to a queen Room on 3rd floor. We gave up waiting for the single elevator and carried our cases up the stairs. First impressions of the room were disappointing, no appliances what so ever. I mean no fridge, no microwave, no coffeemaker, no iron, no hairdryer. The bed, was a bit sagging and was mounted on an undersize plinth, which allowed it to rock from side to side. We were unable to find any complimentary continental breakfast, but were advised to take advantage of inexpensive cooked breakfast in the Ellis Island Casino Restaurant next door. Admittedly the food there was good value.We asked for a quiet room when booking on the internet. This was acknowledged on check-in and we were placed in the southern wing, overlooking a vacant lot. Unfortunately this didn’t prevent us being woken on the first night by a coach being started up and left running, then on the second night by noisy neighbours and workmen with chainsaws lopping tree branches. We also had a problem with our keycards only being validated for one night only, so we were locked out of our room until the cards were re-programmed by reception.In general this Motel is adequate for a short visit to Vegas. It provides basic clean sleeping accommodation in a convenient location close to a reasonable eatery. I would probably only stay there again if I could find nothing better for the same money.	
Apr 28 2005	It really is Super		
Apr 13 2005	Basic but good value 		
Apr 4 2005	good value off strip		
Apr 4 2005	would stay again		
Feb 13 2005	Friendly service? Not by the management...		
Sep 25 2004	Did you hear that????		
Aug 18 2004	A very cool place to rest in		
Aug 2 2004	great place to stay		
May 3 2004	Great Clean Place To Stay!		
Mar 28 2004	Great place to staywonderful food		
Nov 10 2009 	very good location		
Oct 19 2009 	??????		
Sep 24 2009 	Buona soluzione economica a 10/15 minuti a piedi dallo Strip		
Sep 4 2009 	lontano dalla strip		
Aug 18 2009 	Sollten eine Reinigungskraft beschäftigen		
Nov 10 2008 	saubere preiswerte und zentrale Übernachtungsmöglichkeit		
Sep 9 2008 	perfecto calidad precio		
Oct 3 2007	Buena ubicación		
Jul 19 2007	Motel à recommander		
