Oct 14 2009 	LOTS OF EXTRAS	This is not a suite as far as i'm concerned, they don't tell you you have to pay for pots &amp; pans' also the house cleaning and change of towels and bin emptying ect was only done once a week so you had to go to reception to get clean towels which wasn't always there so you had to wait for a shower and empty your own bins also, this was the only place out of 12 I had to pay for the internet which was not even a secure line and worst of all you had to pay for an outside phone line again this was the ony place where they charged you for a free local call I had a walgreen card would have been cheaper to use a public phone, the time I payed for the extra's it would have been cheaper &amp; better to stay at one of the big hotels on the strip	
Oct 7 2009 	Like a normal studio apartment	Hey, it's $59 bucks, and when I got here saw a sign and arranged (with day shift) to make sure the stay two nights, get third free would be honored when I checked out.Its a 10 minute walk to the front door of the convention center and thats what I was looking for. Just 7 minutes to the monorail station. It's 5 minute walk to the Encore on the strip. (for what thats worth)Ok - not a great bed and not great pillows, but not bad. The wood work is all fake. But it was clean enough and looked like most furnished apartments the first day your moving in. The grounds are nice and everything is well maintained. Couch and easy chair with coffee table and TV in the living room. Table and two chairs in the mini kitchen. I bought a can of folgers and made coffee.I'd rather stay here any day than most motel 6 or Super 8 rooms if that gives you an idea. Called the desk and got a code for free wireless access.Though I was facing Desert Inn Blvd, the place is very quiet. This is refreshing in Vegas.I'm taking time to write a review because I have used Trip Advisor a lot and figure I should give back.	
Sep 16 2009 	Do Not Stay Here!	i did not like anything here. first off, they had bad service! hotel management did not honor my 3rd night free promotion=&gt; false advertisement! it was cockroach infested, old and dirty! and they also overcharged on my credit card! please do not stay here! it was a horrible experience.	
Sep 9 2009 	Stay Away!	This place is horrible. Not only a disgusting place but ripped me off as well. I am going to bring them to court for the charges.	
Jul 8 2009 	Don't stay at this hotel! Looks are deceiving! Try your luck elsewhere!	Please be advised. This hotel looks fine from the outside, but looks are deceiving! Take your chances somewhere else.We were promised an updated room and were accidentally given a standard room. The issue was resolved, and we were moved to a different room. However, the “updated” rooms are poor quality: carpeting, flooring and furnishings were dirty and worn. Televisions are old, grungy and there is only one remote per suite...for two TVs. Also, the television channels start at #14, so we had to call to the Front Desk for this “TV issue” for them to tell us to keep scrolling through the channels. There was no hot water. (This issue was eventually fixed by the maintenance staff.) There were only two towels in the entire room, and they were stained. The tub leaked water all over the floor. The bathroom fan was non-functioning, and there was mold on the drain plug and shower curtain.This discounts on this hotel made it affordable, but it wasn’t worth the trouble. The hotel is walking distance to The Strip and where we needed to be, and the pool was decent, but the price, location and pool were not enough to make up for this horrible hotel.Please be advised. This hotel looks fine from the outside, but looks are deceiving! Take your chances somewhere else.	
Jul 6 2009 	Nightmare	Forget the dirty sheets, smelly room bad customer service. This hotel is for prostitutes and pimps. I stayed one night and would not risk my health or life for a cheap hotel. All night all you can hear is yelling and rap music coming from the hall and next door. Metro Police Officers were there pounding on doors. It was the worst experience I've had in any Vegas Hotel. I much rather pay the $100 a night and still be alive the next morning. I strongly advise all to stay away from this hotel. We all come to Vegas for a good time and then we would like to return home to our loved ones.	
Apr 2 2009 	Nice Place Just Off Strip	I wanted to be close to, but not on, the Las Vegas strip and read a lot of reviews before deciding on Blair House. I definitely wasn't disappointed.While my trip was cut short by an emergency back home, the property lived up to the positive things I'd read. My room (second floor) was spotless and the layout was great. There were two TVs, a large one in the 'living room' area and a smaller one in the bedroom. The kitchenette was well appointed and the bedroom (comfortable bed) and bathroom were both nice. There was also lots of closet space.The front desk staff were great...welcoming me and helping me with directions and general questions any time I asked. There were four Internet stations in the lobby; it was only $3 an hour to use one of them and you could bank any unused time. I also loved the fact that the strip (Wynn and Encore hotels) were only a three minute walk away, and there was a Walgreens, Ross department store and Dennys parallel to them on the right. I'd definitely recommend Blair House for a short or longer term stay. I should also mention the price was definitely right as well.	
Jan 2 2009 	New Year's Eve Celebration	I went on cheaprooms.com because we were planning our trip within 2 days..we didn't want to spend a lot of money and I thought I'd try my luck. I came across Blair House and couldn't believe there were not only rooms available but they were more than 1/2 the price of the larger hotels. We arrived at 8am on the 31st very tired and hungry...my husband and I saw the sign that said &quot;check-in 4pm&quot;. The desk clerk asked us if we wanted to check in now! When has that EVER happened? I was weary of the place because of the comments left by other travelers but I'm glad I went with it...they were very pleasant and friendly and the rooms were very clean...no stained sheets or dirty towels, like previously reported. The best part is you don't have to deal with all the hussle of the big hotels and it's right off the strip...within walking distance. Ross dept. store is down the street as well as Walgreens. If you're looking for a place with a kitchen and quiet neighborhood I do recommend it...I want to thank the ladies and gentleman at the desk for making my first New Year's in Vegas a pleasant one. A. Lopez	
Dec 12 2008 	Great Place to Stay	My husband and I recently moved from the East Coast to Las Vegas with two car loads of belongings. While waiting to close on a house, we were staying with a friend. But, as the weeks went on, we felt like we were imposing and it was time to move out until we got the house. We stayed at a Motel 6 for a week, but the room was just too small and felt cluttered with our belongings and we needed to move to a larger place.I looked around at a few hotels in the area before finding Blair House Suites. They let me look at the room before deciding to stay. I was impressed by the size of the rooms. The large walk-in closet was a lifesaver. We fit most our moving boxes and other stuff in it and it kept the room from looking cluttered. The rooms looked freshly painted and the furniture looked and felt new. The room had a king size bed which beat the futon we were sleeping on at my friend’s house and the queen size bed at Motel 6. The kitchen enabled us to cook a few meals in the room vice eating out all the time. They had coffee and newspapers in the lobby every morning where I got to chat with other people staying there. Everyone I met seemed real friendly. Many of the people I talked to have lived there for years and seem to love it.  The hotel was a block off the strip and was a short walk to Greek Isles, Riviera, and Circus Circus. There is also a Walgreens and 7-11 a block away, so getting snacks and drinks late at night was easy. I ended up staying for 12 days and the price was less than what some of the hotels on the strip wanted for just 3 days. It was also $32 less than the Motel 6 per week. I would definitely stay here again if I ever need to.	
Nov 11 2008	Pleasantly Surprised	I stayed at the Blair House during the Sema convention as was pleasantly surprised at how clean the hotel was. It had been recently renovated and was a good value for the money. I could walk to the convention which was nice because getting a taxi was next to impossible. I will be back next year.	
Apr 20 2008 	Never again	Well 1st off the sheets were stained the toilet broke and the husband and wife who work there were the rudest people. When we would ask for more towels they acted like the towels were made of gold at Motel 6 they dont make a big deal about towels. One day I went to exchange towels and Mina the front desk clerk asked what I got on my towel I said its probably make up she said that it would be a $4 charge because they cant get make up out of the towels. I told her I can take the towel back and wash it myself. These people were so rude and Mina's husband was such a smart [--] to our party I will never stay at this hotel ever again. Motel 6 treats you so much better.	
Oct 17 2007 	Great Home Away from Home	My husband and I travelled to Las Vegas to deal for the World Series of Poker. We absolutely knew no one in Vegas, and we had never visited before except for a 24 hour period to audition for the Series. We drove from Pennsylvania (2500 mi) and just started driving around the city looking for a decent short-term rental for our two month &quot;business trip.&quot; After looking at about 15 different locations, we settled on the Blair House Suites. The prices for the different locations were very similar. What set the Blair House apart was its convenient location to the Strip, and its king size beds. I must admit, we were very nervous to rent any short term housing, but this place looked warm and inviting. The internet-accessible computers in the lobby were very convenient for handling bill paying while away from home and keeping family updated on our &quot;adventures&quot; in Las Vegas.The beds are not the most comfortable, and in fact, I went to Target to purchase an egg crate mattress for my side of the bed. My husband was fine; he can sleep on a hardwood floor peacefully. The kitchen was tiny but it served its purpose. It did not have a microwave, and if I stay there again, I will simply bring mine from home or purchase one at the local thrift store.The pool was well maintained, though the palm trees seemed to constantly shed leaves into it. Not a big deal. We were so busy working that we didn't have alot of time to laze by the pool. Another nice feature was the two laundry rooms. Obviously, we didn't pack enough clothes to last two months. The front desk always kept extra quarters on hand. The breakfast on the weekends is a little weak. It's not worth $4,00 when there is an IHOP on almost every corner. Ok, not really, but there is a Denny's less than one block away. As stated before, this place is very close to the north end of the Strip (you are right behind the Wynn) and its less than one block to the new monorail system. Very convenient. If you have a car, it takes less than 5 min to get to the closest supermarket, and if no car, you can walk to the CVS which is next to Denny's. Overall, if we do deal for the World Series again, we would definitely stay here again. One last piece of advice: make sure you put the DO NOT DISTURB sign on your door knob, or the maid will simply walk right in w/o knocking! Very embarrassing when you are relaxing in your birthday suit...	
Mar 27 2007 	A Mistake	I have just checked in and after walking into the lobby was regretting my choice which was based on previous Tripadvisor reviews.The property is tired. The staff were very helpful in trying to locate a room that had wireless access which costs $4.00 for 30 mins. $5:00 for 1 hour and $6:00 for 3 hours. Once activated the clock ticks on the account so you cannot log off and log back on.The decor is dreary and a sign in the lobby advises that a vacuum cleaner can be RENTED for $2:00. I would advise caution.	
Mar 26 2007 	Resonable Prices Close to the strip	Date 3/24/2007My sister's boyfriend died and she wanted to get away, she called me and stated that she wanted to go to Las Vegas on a Tuesday afternoon, and wanted to get away by Friday afternoon well all the major hotels were booked by this time, the only reasonble Hotel available was Blair Suites, according to AAA. After reviewing some of the comments and reviews made by other traverlers regarding Blair Suites, I booked the hotel for 4 people, my 2 sisters, my mom and myself. We did not know what to expect, however when we arrived at the hotel, the staff was very pleasant, the lobby was very nice and the hotel was very close to the strip and the rate was very resonable. However the furniture and the beds really need an upgrade. But my overall expericence was very nice. I would stay at the Blair Suites again, and my family agreed. I hope others will benefit from my review.Friendly Traveler	
Oct 23 2006 	Great Alternative	Very skeptical at first, because there is a lack of an official website. We came on here for a review and saw that most/all of the patrons were satisfied. Still we were very nervous.We got to the motel and the staff was nice enough. By the looks of the motel on the outside it looks like any other motel. We got our rooms and went it. We were amazed at all the space. The suite included a living room with TV, a full kitchen (which included refrigerator, stove, microwave), a bathroom, walk-in closet and bedroom. The suite was a little dated but I thought that would be the least of our worries. Everything was clean and tidy. There wasn't any unusual stains or smells, everything for a typical motel.What I loved best was the price, which was very inexpensive and packed quite a punch. This is the perfect hotel for the budget traveler and for those who want to be in Vegas but away from the hustle and bustle. I would definitely stay again. We actually took some pictures but our camera was stolen at the Venetian. Sorry.NOTE: It was somewhat difficult to find because the street does note intersect Las Vegas Blvd, but goes underneath. Access Desert Inn through Paradise Blvd.	
Apr 8 2006 	Blair House Suites is GREAT	My wife and I stayed here while I attended a convention in Las Vegas. It is right in the middle of everything-only a 15 minute walk to the convention center and a 5 minute walk to the Strip. The room was very clean and fully furnished, except for a microwave (I wanted to make popcorn). The separate bedroom was great when one of us wanted to stay up late and watch TV, without bothering the other. The only &quot;downside&quot; was that the jacuzzi pool was not working. Could have used that to relax, after a hard day at the convention. At $300 per week, including tax, the daily rate came to less than $45 a night, a REAL bargain.	
Mar 15 2006	Blair House is a bargain	I enjoyed my stay at the Blair House. The rooms are clean and the staff is friendly. The strip and the convention center is just a short walk away. I paid $300 for the week which is a bargain.	
Mar 8 2006	will be back!	Close to the Strip, Price is Right, Friendly and Helpful Staff. Our room included a kitchen and was very clean and inviting. We spent our mornings in the newly remodeled lobby area having coffee and reading the newspaper. Whether you wish to go to a casino or just grab a bit to eat it's all in walking distance. The staff did tell us that they will have food servie here soon. We had a great time and we will be back.	
Mar 7 2006	Wonderful Blair House Suites	i found the blair house suites conveniently located near the strip, offering exceptional customer service without the outrageous Las Vegas Hotel Pricing. What i liked about it the best was apart from it just being a room to sleep in, the remodeled rooms also had a little kitchen which i found very convenient and a like a little living room where i was able to relax. Our room also had two tv's - one in the bedroom and one in the fron toom which I thought was very generous for the price I was paying. I will definitely come back to the Blair House Suites and would not think of staying at any other place.	
Jan 3 2006	Everything I wanted!!	It's a cozy and comfortable place---not too big and not too small. The staff was very friendly and helpful and made me feel right at home. My room was clean and had new furniture which was a releif considering some of the other places I've stayed in Vegas. It's close to everything and after a day of shopping and gambling, it was nice to come back to a comfortable (and large) room. I would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone going to Las Vegas. An added bonus...IT'S CHEAP, but doesn't look that way!!!	
Nov 20 2005 	Blair House is a quality suite	If you want a clean and nice kitchen suite for 55-75 a night then the Blair House is it. They even have a weekly rate for 246.00. All you need is a credit card to stay there and some cash at check-in. I had a great time in Vegas and sleeped good after I got home from the casinos. Try it out, its definitely worth it.	
Sep 27 2005	cool	i have been stayin at the blair house for over 8 years everytime i go to vegas. And the last time was for my wedding. All my family and friends stood there. And the place was great. jumped in the pool. Friday night we were a little loud But security was there to quiet us down nicely. its not the belagio but its cheap and worth it	
Jun 21 2005 	Loved It!!!!!!!!	cheap and it is close to the strip. come on, you're in vegas...how often are you going to stay in your room...	
Jun 20 2005 	The worst!	This is perhaps the worst hotel in the history of hotels, hands down. I have not stayed there since '03, but after reading a few reviews that gave this hole a decent review, I had to chime in. I'm in Vegas twice a year, and I always drive by this place to remind me what it's like to be in a place that's worse then a housing project. It's really an injustice to you all that a few lunatics actually liked this place. I stayed there because my cheap company's travel agent thought it would be a good place for all of us to stay during our convention. No. Here are some highlights: ~Call girls out on the balcony EVERY night.~2 drug deals outside my room.~3 of my colleague's room locks not working.~Sticky carpeting. Use your imagination here.~No window drapes for one of my female colleague's room, which resulted with perverts looking in her room. ~Rude staff is an understatement!~Etc.If you want to be embarrassed at your convention by admitting you're staying here, then by all means, stay here. The Mandalay Bay it's not, but it's not even a nice housing project. It's simply the worst place you could stay.	
May 21 2005 	trust me spend the extra couple of bucks and stay somewhere else!!	Absolute dive... Front desk is rude, and ignorant... I was traveling alone for a conference, it is near the convention center. The first night of my stay, awoke at 3 am to someone trying to get in my room. Because I have a common last name, someone at the front desk, did not check the registry to see that I was registered alone.. and he gave out my key!@Q#@! Luckily I had the door bolted from the inside. When I complained John..the &quot;security guard&quot; (who gave out my key) said, I was lucky to have a room there at all!! and to quit complaining...! Went to my conference in the morning, and at lunch went back to get my belongings.. Front desk apologized, switched my room and gave me a discount. They also advertise long term rentals there... ssoooooo after I complained... the front desk person moved me right next to a bunch of non english speaking construction workers, who proceeded to get completely drunk outside my door... call my room repeatedly, throw bottle tops at my --- as I walked by...bang on my door... Had to call security twice... He could not catch the culprits, because they were out on the balcony, and would watch him coming out of the office... the harassment went on until I called the police and had &quot;john&quot; the security guard walk me off property at 1 in the morning...Did not return until the next day because I was traveling alone... and the front desk INSISTED that they were going to charge my credit card anyways... because my backpack was still in the room, even though I had called first thing in the morning and told them to leave it at the front desk, and I would pick it up there...... Charges are still in dispute! Rooms extremely dirty..lots of long term renters there... which makes the ambiance seem more like a run down apartment setting. I dont care if I have to sleep in the lobby of the airport... I will never ever go back or refer anyone there again!	
May 9 2005 	The Blair House Witch Projects	It was a diaster from the beging. The lobby furinture was dirty, customer service was very rude, and they were charging me a differnt price the quoted. The blankets had stains on them, cigarette holes, one set of towels. I would rather stay somewhere and pay more then settle and be treated like crap for less.	
Mar 31 2005	not bad for the rate	I stayed there last year w/ a girlfriend for our annual conference held at the Convention Center. The location was close.. the pool very nice, and open early... I have stayed at nicer hotels in Vegas, and never used the facilities once due to their later pool hours. Was very refreshing to take a swim at 7 am : )Staff was so so... had a problem upon check out w/ my phone bill... since we were splitting the cost of the room....... just wanted to pay my share plus the phone..... and somehow the lady at the front desk just wasnt getting that I only wanted to split the room cost not the phone bill as well.... and not have my friend pay for my calls on her credit card.. It is a nice half way point inbetween the convention center and the strip... a lil &quot;pit stop&quot; if u will.Will consider staying there again, if the manager honors the fact that she told me next time I join them, I will be getting a discounted rate, due to the problems at the front desk... We shall see.....	
Mar 21 2005	The Worst	My friend who is on oxygen, and I needed a place with 2 beds last weekend (3/19). I had a reservation for one bed at Motel 6, but when I asked if they had anything with 2 beds, they didn't, so I found this &quot;wonderful&quot; Blair House Suites through Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Center and it was the cheapest room available - still over $100/night.When we checked in, they sent us up to a little suite - two little rooms - the little bedroom had a huge king-size bed, and the other room held a couch, chair and a kitchenette. But the couch wasn't big enough to sleep on. So, I called and complained that we needed 2 beds. The guy apologized and sent us down to another room - identical to the first but the couch had a pull-out that made into a bed. We decided to make the best of it. I told her I would sleep on it but she insisted she would be fine. When we got back to the room at 2 a.m. and tried to make the couch into a bed, there were no pillows, sheets or blankets, and the mattress was about 1/4&quot; so whoever slept on it had to deal with the bar across the middle of the pullout. I called the front desk and all he had was a pillow. When I went to at least get that, he found a bedspread and my friend had to make the best of that, and deal with her oxygen mask and equipment. Also, the glasses were glass and I have no idea if they were clean or not. I noticed that the sugar packets next to the coffee maker were stained with old coffee. Otherwise, the place seemed relatively clean. In the morning, I notice that she had put the couch back together and was curled up in the bedspread - this is an overweight older lady with oxygen due to fibromyalgia, diabetes and congestive heart trouble. And she wouldn't let me sleep there instead of her. I was so upset. But I couldn't go to another hotel as everything was sold out. So what do you do.I will never go to Vegas again until I know where I am staying and what I am getting. This was the worst experience I have ever had at a hotel - except for a really bad experience at a Ramada Hotel in Palm Springs. At least the people at the Blair House were nice - more than I can say for the Ramada.	
Feb 27 2004	Stop Monkeying Around	Location isn't bad. That's the best I can say.Checked in on a Friday afternoon and was told by a guest at the desk that they had been waiting to check in, but didn't see anyone for 15 minutes. Finally, someone opened the room for us and literally stood there with his hand out expecting a tip, like he was in some bad movie.The shower dribbled scalding hot water and the a/c unit blew toxic freon into the drapes all night.The most unreal part was the neighbor with the 4 monkeys. Spider Monkey types that are loud and hyperactive. Nocturnal I believe. Kept us up most the night, as the owner was obviously out on the town and not around to hear the primal screams of his travel companions.Checked out at 5am and tried my luck at the tables on the strip. Blaring Monkey Screams Suites. A thing right out of the movies.	
Jan 4 2004	The Blair Witch Projects	This place really soured our vacation. Filthy rooms and no maid service on 3 of our 7 night stay! Rude, seedy people at the front desk. We've nicknamed the location &quot;The Blair Witch Projects&quot;. STAY OUT!	
Dec 2 2003	Do not patronize Blair house Suites	Not only is the place dirty, I had to go to the front desk everytime I needed to adjust my room temperature because the heater/AC was missing a knob and I needed pliers. The front desk told me that they did NOT advertise to be Mandalay Bay, I told her true because they mop the floors in the room and remove all the scuff marks. To ad insult to injury, the room did not have a microwave nor did it have dishes or utensils in order to use the stove. They should tell you to bring your own foil and pans so you can heat up your leftover pizza. Finally, when I checked out, the only person there was the security guard and he was sleep until I called the front desk. I called back from the road at 8am to verify charges and was OVERCHARGED for an additional night! Like I would really want to stay longer than two nights. I had to bail out at 3am due to the uncomfortable bed with a pillow that felt like it was filled with newspaper. They said I MIGHT get my refund credited back to credit card in about a week...yeah, right! TACKY, TACKY, TACKY!	
Nov 30 2003	A nice cheap hotel	If you are looking for a nice, cheap little hotel near the strip this is it. Every room is a 2 room suite. The front room is the living room with sofa, chair and TV and kitchen with stove, refrigerator and table and chairs. The 2nd room has two beds, walk-in closet and bathroom and 2nd TV. The 2 TVs are great in case you each want to watch a different show, plus they get about 40 channels.The hotel is one block from the Stardust on one side and the Convention Center on the other. The great thing about Blair House is they offer a weekly rate, which is great if you plan to spend a week in Vegas. Most hotels, especially on the strip only offer Sunday to Thursday cheap rate and raise prices on Fridays and Saturdays, and don't have any suites, and what if you want to come in for vacation from Saturday to Saturday. We got a weekly rate from Blair House that worked out to $40 per night, split two ways thats $20 each. Where on the strip are you going to get that??? Definately not the Venetian or Bellagio. True they don't have a casino or shows or 5 restuarants, but you also don't get suites on the strip for $40 per night. This is not a high class place, but if you are looking for a place to rest in between running to the strip to see shows and gamble and eat at the buffets and don't want to spend all your money on a hotel room, this one is pretty good. We would stay there again.	
Sep 17 2003	On a budget?	On a budge? Well this is the place. It will do in a pinch, but is not the best that Vegas has to offer. It is kind of off the beaten path...at the very end of the strip. It has no special qualaties, but is affordable, especially if you want to spend money on the shows and other fun stuff!	
Jan 25 2003	Worst Hotel	This place is in need of complete make over. the grounds are dirty and not well kept,the rooms need painting and new furniture. the staff needs some lessons on customer service. I would not reccomend the Blair Suites to anyone you can get a lot better accommedations anywhere in vegas	
Nov 2 2009 	Muy bien atendidos		
Nov 27 2008 	?????????		
