	absolutely acceptable	I recently stayed at the hotel for five days/nights. I required a hotel that was convenient to the convention centre and the strip, and a place to lay my head. Greek Isles fitted these requirements.The room was clean, the sheets were clean, the tv worked and the door locked. The staff were friendly and very helpful - I had a number of questions throughout the week to which they responded happily.Breakfast in the restaurant was excellent and the beer and a tequila (for medicinal purposes only) at the end of the day were cold and within budget served by a friendly bar keeper.Greek Isles is a good &quot;working class&quot; hotel (working class - the backbone of the nation) and I would stay there again.	
Oct 11 2009 	RUDE EMPLOYEE	The cashier in the casino who is working right now is the rudest employee I have ever seen. She is in her Mid Fourties, baly died red hair, skinny, ect. I played Video Blackjack right next to the cage. The machine was giving me nothing but losers. 10 in a row, 11 in a row, ect. I kept saying in a low voice to myself &quot;you have gotta be kidding me&quot; and counting out loud the exact amount of hands lost in a row. Never once did i cuss. She then came over and rudely yelled at me saying if i didnt like how the machine was i could get the hell out of her casino. And yelled at me to stop cussing. Now I never once used a cuss word. SO she was hearing things. Now I am a regular who is in there 5 times a week, playing between $20 and $150 at a time. I do not feel I should be yelled at by an employee. In this economy you should value every single customer. Since she was so rude I am now no longer be playing any of GREEK ISLES or UNITED COIN'S companies machines, or staying in their hotel. With Regards,Joseph Wells10-11-091:00pm	
Sep 28 2009 	Suited my needs!	Until I actually have money to blow at a fancy hotel/casino, I just wanted something close to the convention cnter where I was headed, and CHEAP! This hotel was so inexpensive mid-week compared to neighboring hotels (as in half the price) that I was scared about what I was getting myself into. Surprisingly I found an older, but renovated, well-loved and clean hotel. The room on the tenth floor had all the usual amenities and a very large window with a view facing north. The bed, the carpet, the drapes, the bathroom, all were near-new and I found no reason to complain. Small outdoor pool is open 24 hours and there is a cardio/weight room on the second floor. Also there is a restaurant, casino, and in-house magic/fire show (none of which I saw). The desk staff can be a bit dingy, but for the price I was willing to put up with that. One ding worth mentioning is lack of FREE wireless internet -- it costs $12/day.Would definitely return, and definitely made my friends jealous when I told them about my find.	
Sep 17 2009 	Not that luxury but very good choice	Las Vegas is the city of lights and luxurious hotels. This isn't so luxurious but it has all you need for a pleasant stay. The only complaint is the distance from the strip, which may be covered in about 10 minutes with a walk. Rooms are very big and clean, with all the facilities you may expect. There's a big parking all around the hotel and an external swimming pool. Breakfast may be booked for few dollars. There are 2 pc each floor for the internet connection but at first floor they were quite old and sluggish.	
Sep 9 2009 	Outstanding Value Outstanding Customer Service	Had a great stay at this hotel, The staff very friendly, rooms look as though they have been refurbished, very comfy beds, location perfect for me, coffee in rooms, refridge in room, large open spacious room, pool very quiet, no long check in lines, just off strip, excellent value for price of rooms. I will return and I will tell friends about the value and great customer service I received.	
Aug 10 2009 	Loved the beds!	Ok so the building is old. We stayed there in 2000 and it was awful but we didn't pay for it since we were there on business and wanted to be close to the convention center. Six years later we decided to stay again because we were told that it had been remodeled and still wanted to be close to the convention center. Wow what a surprise. The beds were fantastic, the bathrooms were beautiful, the pool was new, and the staff was great. The location to the convention center can't be beat, I was able to walk there in less than ten and never needed a taxi. I did not care for the restaurant but it has been some time so maybe I will give it another try.I was not there for pleasure but for work and it was all that I required. I look forward to staying there again this November.	
Jul 21 2009 	Filthy timewarp...	This hotel is ABSOLUTELY VILE.....!! The reception smells, the lift walls are carpeted and are stinking and filthy, the walls in the corridor are dark orange and layered in dirt... The floor carpets both in the corridor and rooms are heavily stained... My room (which was apparently a imeshare deluxe room, ha ha ha ha.... could have been in the 70's maybe...) was old fashioned and seriously rundown. There was heavily stained carpets, chairs and curtains. Peeling wood on cabinets and mould in the bathroom I didn't dare take my sandals off when walking around the room... A few of my colleagues had cockroaches in their rooms. I had to wipe my feet on the way out of this hotel.......The people who frequent this hotel look like they are stuck in a time warp. It's all very strange... The place needs knocking down.....................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I wouldn't stay here again if someone paid me...........................	
Jul 15 2009	Not A Happy Guest	I recently visited this Hotel it was empty on the way over from the airport the cab driver said &quot;I didn't know anyone stayed there anymore&quot;. He was right I saw about 4 people there the whole time we were there. The walk to the strip or convention center to catch a bus or monorail in 100 degree weather seems long. I was hungry at about 9:10 pm when we got back to the hotel I called for room service and was told the kitchen was closed. They should have told us that when we arrived to stay, we were there 3 days. wed-sat. We had to go to the hotel next door to eat. They should invest in some type of shuttle to the strip. The rooms were ok. It felt like a ghost town. We were not happy at all.	
May 3 2009 	Newly remodeled	I was very impressed with the friendly service I received while staying here. The rooms were clean and they appeared remodeled. It was a great price for the rooms and I would stay there again.	
Feb 27 2009 	It could be be BIG	We stopped off at Guitar Center. On of the guys, saw a flyer for a show that was happening that night at the Greek Isles. &quot;The 305 Las Vegas&quot;. The flyer looked awesome. So we thought we would check it out. It took us a while to find the place, and when we did, we didn't know if we were in the right location. There was a hugh light up sign in front, but it didn't say anything about the concert. So one of the guys got off and asked if there was any bands playing there tonight. Turns out we were in the right place.Now the place is kind of small, but it's got a real friendly vibe to it. We went up to the bar, to get some drinks because we were early. It seamed like everyone there knew each other. It was great. Everyone was laughing and drinking it just looked like they were having the time of there life. We got our tickets at the box office. The place was quite nice. Although the place was pretty dead and one of the bands just seemed really rude. The show was good. It had an awesome sound to it and the lighting was good. It needed some small round tables and a cocktail waitress. I had over heard that the place just opened up. Given time, that place &quot;305&quot; is going to be BIG!!!Next time were in Vegas again will be sure to check out the next show!	
Feb 11 2009	Basic but nice	I had read reviews about this hotel on the internet. There was more negative than positive. I was quite leary to stay, but since I had booked through a timeshare deal, I was somewhat obligated to go. I was pleasantly surprised that the facility was simple, nice, and clean. It is not an extravagant hotel, but will provide your basic needs. If you need a place to lay your head after playing on the strip or enjoying the many attractions of Vegas, this is your place. If you are looking for somewhere with many luxuries, then this is not the place for you. The staff was friendly and helpful. Did not eat at the restaurant and did not do much at the casino. There was some activity each night on statge- live bands to karaoke. Basic, basic, basic is the best way to describe this place.	
Jan 20 2009	Disgusting	Nothing else needs to be said other than this hotel is disgusting. From pulling up into the parking lot and seeing the hotel in person. I have no idea how this place stays in business. I walked past the restaurant during normal business hours and it was dead empty. The sportsbok was 4 guys at a wooden table. The casino was no bigger than my living room and I was afraid to drink out of any glass I was given at the bar. This place should be destroyed. It is disgusting and anyone who stays there should look somewhere else. If this hotel charges more than 1.00 to stay in a room it is still a rip off.	
Sep 28 2008	The food in the restaurant was great!	It is a bit run down, but the folks who work there along with the quality of the food in the restaurant make this place worth visiting for lunch or dinner. If you want authentic greek food, they have it!	
Jan 14 2008 	Horrible!!!! Need to knock the hotel down and start again	We thought we were getting a deal to book a quickie wedding package. The joke was on us! Brown stains on the ceilings, wallpaper coming off of the wall, stained and broken furniture in the rooms! That was all in the first 10 minutes we were in the room trying to book rooms somewhere else in Vegas. I went down to the front desk and cancelled all of the reservations for the wedding party and guests! This place is horrible. The pictures that are on the website are deceptive to say the least! I seriously do not know how this place stays in business.	
Jan 4 2008 	HORRIBLE TACKY DUMP DIVE MOTEL... But Rat Pack Show was GREAT!	I give the Show a 5 star and this hotel a -1The show at the Greek Isles Hotel The Rat Pack Is Back tribute show to Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin , Sammy Davis Jr &amp; Joey Bishop was great!! But overlook the hotel it's located in, The Greek Isles Hotel, this place is a run down DIVE! We went to the hotel before the show, they tell you to come 2 hours early, and the only reason I think is so they can get more money from your being bored waiting around for the show!I wouldnt give them another dime as they dont take the money to help out the hotel! We saw the place from outside and almost left ....it was just an old dump! Not even old Vegas style place, like run down in need of dire repair, refurbishment, take down the cheap dollar store decor, paint it I could go on....! This place is sad and i mean it! The casino, very sad, depressing and even being old, its sad, not old Vegas.... just run down sad &amp; depressing!I told my husband while in line, a few buckets of paid and removing ALL the tacky unnecessary decor in the line area and casino would do this place wonders! Its seriously a white trash motel! The casino is a joke, its like someone set up a casino in the garage of grandmas house. If your going to only wash up in your room and leave to go to the glitzy other places for the same money, fine, if thats your thing! People, this isnt Old Vegas appeal,...... this is old as in seriously sad run down, the owner not giving his hotel a facelift or even a good cleaning. It's a joke, you can stay so many other places for the same price if you look for deals or just a few bucks more or maybe you like this kind of place, but seriously, its like an old tacky Motel 8 out on an abandoned highway as you drive thru a small deserted town across the country, thats the best description I can give it! No charm to it, just a run down dump.Its also located in a deserted, construction zone, seedy part of town near NOTHING!!The dinner was weird for the dinner show, we were seated with another couple we didn't know at the same table and there was plenty of tables so our romantic dinner wasnt so much and the food was mediocre and don't dare ask for extra bread. Old plastic table cloths, plastic cups and saucers with no coffee cups!Christmas time when we went so there was 2.00 strings of lights that were falling down because the thumbtacks had fallen out that were used to keep them up. and $.99 plastic gold garland around the casino that was falling off. Outside icecycle lights hanging in the brightly lit casino..... Come on guys, seriosuly, this was bad!Chicken, Steak or 1 other dish is your choice. PERIOD! It was about the quality of a cheap buffet in old Vegas but only 1 small serving! Salad dressing out of plastic containers......just tacky and cheap. We overpaid for the dinner part BIGTIME!Long waits for water, you must ask to get water to begin with, and all your drinks, like soda &amp; iced tea, except coffee are extra paid thru the waitress who doubles from the casino bar who has holes in her old worn dress thats 2 sizes too small for her. But............... DO go for the show, The Rat Pack is Back..... it is amazing! These guys sound just like the real thing, the show was funny and well put together, the showroom its in has old Vegas style and the entertainment quality was a 10. We are in our young 30's and this was a great show, even for nightclub goers!We bought dinner &amp; show combo tickets, i do not recommend this at all, .........just go for the show, period! Someone please move this great show to a nice hotel so it's an all around great experience! I cannot say enough about the show!It needs a shiny new Old Vegas Style theatre in a nice hotel on the strip to showcase the entertainers talents, relive the Rat Pack Shows and so your not dreading leaving the way you came in thru this old hotel, The Greek Isles which is in dire need of being torn down! Even the performers managed to crack a few jokes in the show about how bad the hotel was and how they know they have a good show which keeps the place afloat, which made the whole room laugh! Please someone move this show to a better place!Plan on waiting for a cab, they dont go to this hotel often!! Most cab drivers dint even know where it was, ours had to ask 2 others who didnt know either. When we finally got directions, the person who gave them laughed and looked at us like &quot;are you really going to that hotel?&quot;BUT DO GO FOR THE SHOW!! :)	
Dec 27 2007 	You want basics this is the place.	This is a no frills, basic hotel. From the outside it looks a bit rundown, but once you get to your room, it is rundown. From the faded carpets, to the 80's decor. If they renovated the rooms, this could be a great place. But if you need a place to sleep and wash up and no real frills, this is it.The locations is decent and you have a 24 hour Wal Greens and 7-11 nearby, which is handy.	
Nov 21 2007 	Basic but acceptable	I have just returned from 4 days in the Greek Isles Hotel, or at night it could be called &quot;The Greek ..les&quot; or &quot;The Greek Is...&quot; depending on which side of the sign your looking at ;-)Having said that the hotel provided a basic but acceptable level of accommodation.I really can't say if it was good value for money as I was staying with a friend who's cabin crew, and they don't pay for their hotels, but I got the impression that many airlines use the hotel for crew as very often you passed crew, Delta, MyTravel, bmi, United in the corridors / lifts of the hotel.Location wise, its not in a bad position, just down the road is Wallgreens, and Strip Liquour, Dennys, 7-11 etc... and on the other side is the Monorail and Hilton Hotel.....I've previously stayed at Treasure Island, and I loved that, and given a choice I'd go back to Ti anytime, but if the Greek Isles was available (and cheap) i'd have no real issues recommending it as a bed and bath service only... Hope this helps!!	
Jul 19 2007 	It's not all bad...	I think this property is being renovated because things were pretty new in our room, the bed was plush and soft, the carpet was new, actually it looked like the whole room had been gutted and re-done to be a more pleasing stay. Because looking at it from the outside it looks kind of like a dump. And it looked as if the whole hotel was being updated inside. Our room had a small refrigerator, coffee maker and had plenty of channels to watch on the t.v if you need that. I did not check out the restraunts or the shows. But our stay was comfortable and pleasant.	
Apr 16 2007	Rat Pack Was Fun but.....	Like several other posters I did not stay at the hotel but went for the Rat Pack show. The show is great, capturing the flavor of the older Vegas era. A treat for us nostalgic folks. But it was hard to get any information beforehand and I was told to arrive at a certain time for seating, which didn't happen so I stood in line for an hour. When guests were admitted all the guests who had come for the dinner show had nice seats. I was placed in a seat where I could see nothing at all. Nothing. By craning my neck I was able to capture bits and pieces of the show. So a warning about the Rat Pack show. Be sure you are not placed at one of the long tables in the middle that are like a school cafeteria. I am not sure why the management thinks this is OK.	
Dec 2 2006	Rat Pack Good. Service Dinner Hotel BAD!	We did not stay at the Hotel. We only went there for the Rat Pack. I agree with others....most of the &quot;service&quot; left much to be desired. I felt ripped off buying VIP tickets which included a copy of their CD and dinner (didn't even include the cocktail in the lounge that was advertised). The meal was terrible. The CD is ok. I would recommend the Rat Pack....but keep your expectations low. No need to dress up. The place is old and smokey.	
May 1 2006	Horrible Place	Since Celine Dion became sick we were forced to find another show on short notice. The low price (USD 140 for 2 pax) for so called &quot;VIP&quot; tickets should have warned us.The greek isles is a completely run down place. We did not take the whole evening too seroius otherwise we would have left. Non-smokers be aware you will get smoke from all sides. When we purchased tickets the lady at the box office explained that there will be a non.smoking section. The staff guding us to our table (way too small for 8 people and uncomfortable chairs) did not know about any non-smoking section. Fortunately there were no smokers on our table.The staff offers an upgrade to a &quot;private&quot; table for USD 20. The 20 bucks certainly go into their pockets. Although announced 2 hours the show was finished after 75 minutes already.The only good part were the singers which had excellent voices and funny casual acting. We really enjoyed this evening because of the good mood which came over from the singers. If they were performing at a more glamouroes place this could have been an excellent evening.The musical dircetor (a small fat bold guy) at the piano was constantly ignored by the orchestra which made him shouting on them for time to time. We wondered if this was part of the show or if this was real.	
Jan 27 2006	I love the Greek Isles...	I love the Greek Isles Hotel. We stay here just about every year. We choose to stay here because the strip is a little too crowded for us &quot;old ladies&quot; who just want some together time to sit and watch a great lounge show...too bad that Steven David is no longer there...he was wonderful. Yanni's restaurant is Wonderful. The staff is fantastic. Yes, it could use some refurbishing, but you can overlook that by the fact that the staff seems to stay, and they tend to remember you from year to year...at least they remember us. It's nice, quiet, safe, comfortable, and it is still within walking distance of the strip. We enjoy the best of both worlds when we stay here. We will always return. Thank you and keep up the good work.	
Jan 18 2006	Horrible service	I did not stay at this hotel, but I had a very bad experience. I was walking from the strip back to the Las Vegas Hilton and I decided to stop by to check out the casino. It was pretty late, 2 am, when I walked in. As soon as I stepped foot in I was walking toward the casino when a rent a cop with a cheap toupee stopped me. He asked if I was staying at the hotel. When I said no, he told me to get the &quot;heck&quot; out b/c that casino was for locals! Very horrible customer service if you ask me. I would stay away unless I was desperate for a room.	
Nov 3 2005	Its a dump and a ripoff	This place is a dump and has probably never been done up since day one.Didn't stay here but went to the Tribute showShow was brilliant butRipped off on the VIP tickets - no food - bad seatsHotel didn't want to know and gave out a telephone number that just rings.Toilets were foulShow staff were rude and uninterested - got scalped for another $10 a head to get better seatsNo taxis and no way of getting themKaroke staff was hustling people leaving show to stay for 2 for 1 drinksDrinks served with no glassesCarpets and walls dirtyWhole place stankPlease blow it up next	
Jun 23 2005	Great Stay	The Greek Isles was great. I agree that there needs to be a few updates, but overall, we had a great stay. You're out of the hustle and bustle of &quot;The Strip&quot; traffic, yet you are still in walking distance. The price was right and the staff was great. After all the excitement of the strip, it was nice to head back to the G.I. and play their slots. Should we ever happen to be back in Vegas, we will definitely make a return visit.	
Apr 27 2005	Will not go back	My family and I saw the Tribute to the Rat Pack show here (had purchased tickets befere our trip), but did not stay at this hotel. The show was great, but the hotel was seedy, dirty, staff was extremely rude. Couldn't get a cab after the show and there was no staff to help with that either. We will not go back.	
Jan 27 2005	You get what you pay for	We stayed here in December 2004, yes its not art deco, it could do with some refurbishment, its not 'on the strip' but at the end of the day you get what you pay for.The staff were lovely and in my book that counts for a lot.	
Jan 20 2005	enjoyed the Greek Isles both times!!	We were lucky enough to stay at the Greek Isles because my in-laws own a time-share there. The people are friendly enough. The room fits up to 4 people quite comfortably. There is a large bed and a pull out queen sofa and the room is considered a suite due to the beautiful curtain that can be used to separate the room. Everything was clean. And I am pretty picky when it comes to cleanliness. The only thing I would like to mention is the first visit we used room service for a burger and fries and it was way too expensive!!! My second visit I made 70.00 on the 25 cent Wheel of fortune. I like it because the casino is more quaint and small. Hope this helps.	
Nov 23 2004	Haunted Vegas Tour	My sister and I went on the Haunted Vegas Tour and the show called Shock at the Greek Isles Casino on Nov. 7/04. The Greek Isles Casino is a very seedy place. We had to get ourselves there for 8:30PM to take the tour. The tour around Las Vegas was okay but the show after and the casino were both creepy. We go to Las Vegas all the time but we will never go near this casino again.	
Jun 3 2004	not so good.....	The hotel was in an awful area, and the outside looked even worse! Very disappointed, but the chapel is pretty......	
Dec 2 2003	ok	This hotel was not too bad. We had a cheap rate there. The room was nicer than we expected, but the location was pretty dull. Not really near anything but the convention center. decent value.	
Nov 20 2003	Very Nice Hotel	A pretty good hotel. The room was very nice for a hotel close to the strip (one block from the Stardust). We paid $100 for a Friday night and got 2 double beds, a living room with sofa, table and chairs, an armior with a tv, microwave oven and small fridge. The TV gets at least 20 - 30 channels, though your probably not there to watch TV, but if you do want to vegetate in the room for one evening its nice to have TV cable that comes in clear and gets more than 5 channels (which happened to us in another Vegas hotel). This room would pass for a mini-suite in any of the hotels on the strip and probably cost twice as much. The lobby was not very classy but check in was a breeze (I've read about the strip hotels taking 1 hour to check in because of the crowds). The casino is very small and smoky. All they have are slots.Don't order room service here. We got a burger and fries and they charged $9. You could almost get a buffet at the Stardust for that. The breakfast was very good. I had an omelet that took up half the plate and came with home fries that took up the other half, plus two slices of toast. That ran $7.They have several small shows in their nonsmoking show room. We went to see Sixtiesmania. If you're a baby boomer and grew up with the Beatles, Stones, CCR, Doors and others, you'll enjoy this 1 1/2 hr. show.All in all not bad. Only thing I would recommend is that they have a weekly rate, since most people who come there are usually there for a week. There are a few hotels nearby (Somerset House and Blair House Suites that do offer weekly rates). Most Vegas hotels only offer Sunday to Thursday low rates.	
