	Loved the Signature Towers at MGM Grand	Got a great deal through their website with a promo code over the Thanksgiving holiday. This hotel is all-suite, huge rooms/bathrooms, quiet, smoke free and the staff is top notch. Great service from the Concierge (Ozzy) and the front desk check-in was a breeze. Never saw housekeeping in the halls, but room was made up every day while we were out (electronic system to let them know you want housekeeping). Stayed in Tower 1 -- closest to MGM Casino, but just enough distance to feel like you are out of the frenzy (and second-hand smoke!). Walking escalator &quot;people movers&quot; provided high heel wearers respite from walking to the casino. Use the monorail at MGM Grand to travel up the strip -- very convenient. Tickets can be purchased right at the monorail &quot;station&quot;... we didn't have to though -- a nice man gave us his tickets as they were leaving the next day so we used there tickets for 2 days :0 FREE WI-FI!!!!! We will definitely stay there again.	
	Amazing hotel	My boyfriend and I just returned from a 6-night stay at the Signature. We stayed in a one bedroom suite in Tower 2. The hotel and room was absolutely beautiful. It was a great experience and we would definately return. Our only complaint was the distance to the casino (about a 10-min walk). After a few days we were tired of making the long walk back to our room. Aside from that, it's a great hotel and you will have no regrets if you choose to stay here.	
	Watch them!	You’ll have to watch them. I had a stay 2 nights, get a 3rd night free deal but even with paperwork and names of the people I talked to and even though it had been an e-mail offer sent directly from them to me, it took me an hour to get them to honor it. However the hour I was there, every single person that checked in had some kind of deal for something, drinks, whatever and every single person had to fight hard to get them to honor their own specials. I travel for a living, go to Vegas at least couple times a year for work. Really great place, 35th floor Strip view with Jacuzzi and kitchen. Can get a private cabana at pool, might as well, you’re paying that resort fee. The fight ruined it though. They were just going to leave me high and dry but I finally prevailed upon them to do the right thing and they did. Never saw anything like these people, even in Newark (my personal standard for a hassle when traveling). Plus they try to make you feel cheap to honor their own deals. Give me a break.	
	Worth the walk!	Yes, the hotel is not on the strip. It can take 15 minutes to get to the front of MGM (the strip). If you walk out through the Signature and hang a left you can walk up to Planet Hollywood on the strip (15 minute walk). The walks are easy and not a big deal.The hotel is beautiful. We had a 1 bedroom and junior suite connected. Rooms were clean, king beds were comfortable and kitchen set-up was helpful. We used the kitchen to make breakfast, store water, beer and snacks. We had a car and drove 5-10 minutes to Albertson’s Supermarket.The mattress in the sofa pullout could be a little firmer. For an average sized guy it’s not the most comfortable.We were in Tower 1, which has a Starbucks, fitness center (modern), lobby bar and business center. There is only valet parking (its free) but ended up tipping every time. They are fast and friendly.2 minor issues – (1) getting the sofa beds made. We made a request with the front desk, which was not fulfilled. Had to call housekeeping to have them come up and make up both sofa’s. 1 day before checkout they must have thought we were checking out and closed up both sofa beds. Called housekeeping again - they are fast and courteous. (2) If you gamble in MGM Casino they cannot apply comps to rooms in MGM Signature. Overall a great stay. If you want to get away from the madness at the end of the day this is the place.	
	Very nice hotel	I can't really comment on my stay with any authority, as it was my first time in Vegas, so I had no idea what to expect. I was there for only one night, and didn't use any of the hotel facilities.However - for the night that I was there, it was a very nice hotel. For the price I paid (GBP80 mid-week), and being promised a &quot;Junior Suite&quot;, I was expecting it to be the Vegas term for a normal small room. However, it was definitely suite-sized, and fully appointed, all the way to the fully-equipped blender in the kitchen area. Overkill for my one night, but definitely great for a longer stay.Also, for my one night - it's a fair trek from the strip. I had assumed it was next to the MGM Grand itself... not quite! Although I accessed it by walking through the MGM reception, past the restaurants, past the shows, then down several enclosed walkways... by the time I got there (I was in Tower 1 of 3 - the furthest), I'd walked over half a mile! With all my tourist-walking, my feet were pretty tired by the end of my stay there.However - the hotel itself is very nice, so for a longer stay, I'm sure it'd be very welcome to be a little distance away. The service was friendly and efficient. For my one night, perhaps I should have tried to brave one of the big hotels actually ON the strip, but for a few nights, it's a great mix of being close, but not too close....	
Nov 24 2009 	Great hotel a bit of peace and quiet away from the casinos.	We really enjoyed the hotel. Lovely and clean, quiet lobby, unlike the main hotels, and the rooms were lush! A bit of a walk from the main strip, but you can go along the walkway and we actually liked that, although if you're not used to walking in high heels for long distances try to stay in Tower 1 which is closer to the main MGM. They do charge extra for internet connection, but we knew about this so wasn't a surprise. Delights (restaurant/ cafe) did really fantastic (and massive!) american breakfasts! Wish we had gone there every day! We had a 1 bedroom suite on the 29th floor (penthouse floor) and it was great! Really clean with comfy beds and a massive bathroom! We never actually used the kitchen area to its full potential though.	
Nov 24 2009 	Our Best Vegas Hotel Experience	We havve stayed at Bellagio, the Venetian and Red Rock but Signature is our best Vegas Hotel expereince. This is our third stay at Signature and each time has been a great experience. Signature gives you the best of both worlds. It is slightly off the Strip (only a 5 minute walk from Tower 1 to MGM through a fully enclosed, AC and secure walkway with people movers - or 10 minutes it you want to avoid MGM by walking outside past Planet Hollywood and over to the Strip.)Signature is a First Class place - spotless, great service, friendly staff and amazing rooms that are much larger and better furnished than most hotels. It is a smoke free enviornment which is very important to us, away from the chaos and crowds of the casino hotels but just a very short walk from all the action.The mini-suites are fine but we always get one of the spacious 1 bedroom suites. Only a little more and almost twice the size. I think all the 1 BR have balconies. Our last stay we were in room 33608 (you can specify a room if you want to) and it has the largest balcony I've ever seen in a hotel with great views of the mountains and the planes landing and taking off at LAS - I love that.We drove to Vegas and it was nice that valet parking is free (but have a little class and tip the attendant). This is a great perk. The talk about &quot;the walk&quot; to the strip must be from the same folks that park in the handicap spots to avoid a few steps to the supermarket - come on now - it is no big deal.We also decided to make the big splurge this trip and ate at Joel Rubechon's - a truely amazin' culinary experience. Everything perfect - everything 1st class - every taste beyond compare. This was our first experience at a Michelin 3-star and if you can afford the $$$ it is worth it. EnjoyOnly negative (and not a big deal) is that we don't like the resort fee. Why not build it into the rate, get rid of the newspaper (who reads newpapers in Vegas) and just charge for WiFi and the gym if it is used. As for the little bottles of water - a nice touch but they could just be included as a welcome.All in all we will be back to Signature - the best hotel experience we've had in Sin City.	
Nov 23 2009 	Great Place to Stay	We stayed at the Signatures due to the fact that the Vdara did not open in time.. SO GLAD! It was fantatic. - 29th Floor in Tower 1. Lovely one bedroom suite with fantastic tub and all the ameneties you could ask for. Quiet and luxurious after a long day of walking, gambling and site seeing. We were there as a surprise for my best friend's 50th birthday. I called front desk to see about a birthday cake and was told I would need 24 hour notice but since our group was meeting that evening at our suite before our show; I decided to call room service and they were more than happy to supply their ( to die for) choclate mouse cake pieces arranged as a cake with chocolate dipped strawberries to substitute for a traditional birthday cake. Delivered to our room and everyone loved and was very impressed! Rented a car from the front desk with valet service to the door. Wonderful service and made you feel like a real guest! Starbucks was great for our morning latte and coffee just downstairs in our Tower. I would highly recommend the Signatures and would stay again in a minute.	
Nov 23 2009 	Hidden Retreat	My wife and I have not been to Las Vegas in over 10 years. Our stay at the Signature was the perfect complement to our three day trip. Its right on the strip, but without the chaos, so once you get your fill of the casinos, shows and nightclubs, you can walk through a set of double doors and retreat to your quite and very large and clean room directly behind the MGM. Its very close to everything - the airport, the strip, the tram ... great food . I would highly recommend it.	
Nov 21 2009 	Love at first stay	I loved almost everyhing about my stay here. Stayed on the 29th floor, could see all of vegas. Just an amazing view at night. The tub and flat screen was really nice. After walking all day on the strip, it helped to be able kick back in the jetted tub. My problem is the $20 fee per day.( for water, newspaper and gym) Since it was my 1st time to vegas, would like to try other places maybe without the resort fee. also they don't do free upgrades. I was happy to find out they will print out broading pass for you flight if you ask. I also liked the covered walk to mgm grand. Also bring your credit card , it you use a debit card/bank card to check in they will hold $300 more than what you owe on you room.	
Nov 21 2009 	Best hotel experience ever 5 star luxury!!!!!	My husband and I stayed at Signature on the 29th Oct for 7 nights. What can I say WOW!!!!! This is by far the best hotel we have ever stayed in and we have stayed in a lot of the hotels in Vegas. We checked in at the airport which was quick and easy, we had originally been allocated a room in Tower 2 without a balcony but asked for this to be changed. We asked for Tower 1, high floor with balcony and strip view, which we got no problem. We then used the Signature shuttle which was reasonable at $15 round trip. From the moment you step into the grounds of Signature you know you are going to experience something special, and the lobby of the hotel itself was simply amazing. We arrived and went straight to our room and our bags arrived less than 5 mins later. We had a Junior Suite which was huge. The kitchen came in handy in terms of the fridge and bottle opener etc but we ate out most nights so didn't use much else. This would be ideal though for families etc who want to cook. The bed was huge and one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in and there was a separate couch and living area which was great, the couch also opened up as a fold away bed. The balcony (we were on the 32nd floor) was huge and gave us a great view of the strip. The bathroom was also enormous with a jacuzzi tub and shower big enough for a football team!!!!The staff were great and nothing was ever any trouble for them, the room was cleaned daily and to the highest standard, and if you didn't want to be disturbed you just clicked on the sign outside your room and you were not bothered at all. We ordered room service one night and just expected a tray and drinks, however when my husband opened the door the waiter came in with a full table, containing the food, candles flowers and extra milkshakes, it was like dining in a restaurant for 2 in your own room.We used the pool a couple of days as the weather was great and it was never overcrowded. The pool bar and food was also very good.Loved it so much we have already booked for next summer...Thank you signature for your fantastic service the staff were so attentive and just plain nice!!!!!	
Nov 20 2009 	Better than Bellagio. Very Luxurious!	not far from Strip (5min walk) right next to the back of the Planet Hollywood shopping centre. walked there from the Bellagio, got free chilled water from the security on the barrier. Room out of this world. Height of pure luxury! big bath room, with flat screen TV and jacuzzi bath (bubbles!). Room had seperate living area, and also kitchen with massive LCD tv. nice balcony. Didnt want to leave the room. Nice pool, slao stayed at Bellagio and Luxor during our trip (similar prices), and this was hands down best for me!!	
Nov 20 2009 	A Fantastic Surprise	We were very ssssurprised to say the least, rooms were beautiful, staff attentive and real know hospitality and how to treat a guest.Thank you MGM Signature for making our stay perfect!	
Nov 20 2009 	Signature at MGM Grand	great hotel with large room and toilet, and kitchen facilities. Wz shopping and casino, you'll never be bored!	
Nov 18 2009 	signature - great rooms	junior suites were great size. has in suite kitchen, large bathroom, sitting area, balcony, etc.	
Nov 17 2009 	Lovely stay	My husband and I arrived on Wednesday afternoon for a 4 night stay.The man on the front gate told our taxi driver that we were to check in at Tower 2. We were welcomed at the door but declined bell service, preferring to take our bags straight to the room with us.Check in was immediate and friendly. We were given our room keys and asked if the room had a balcony. When the check in clerk said that it did not we were quickly switched to a room with one. However, when we got to the room the key wouldn’t work and we couldn’t get in. After several minutes of trying my husband returned to the desk and the clerk was very apologetic. She had written the wrong room number on our card and we were in fact in the next room!The room itself was lovely. Huge bed, comfortable sitting area, big bathroom with a whirlpool bath and separate shower. The water pressure in the shower wasn’t like we are used to at home but we find that with all Vegas hotels.The coffee maker and complimentary coffee sachets were very welcome and the fridge was handy for storing our beers and bottles of wine. I don’t think the $20 plus tax resort fee was worth the money for the two tiny bottles of water we received each day.The room was clean and was well kept by housekeeping who tidied up and washed our dishes each day.We had room service after a heavy night out at about 5.00am. We ordered pizza and hot wings. It arrived in about 15 minutes and the pizza was delicious. The hot wings were a bit of an acquired taste so I left them for my husband to eat. We tipped the server but were surprised to find that a tip of $6 was added to our bill when we checked out, that was in addition to a room service charge of $5 plus the cost of the food. We wheeled the trolley out to the corridor when we had finished (the smell of the hot wings was making me feel a little sick by this time) and it was gone when we got up the next morning.The walk to the MGM Grand was pretty quick (about 7 minutes to reach the back of the hotel) or we could walk out of the front entrance on Harmon and it took about 10-15 minutes to reach the Strip. The longest part of the walk was waiting to cross the roads. The side entrance to Planet Hollywood is about halfway between the Signature and the Strip on Harmon so we took a detour through there a few times.In summary, I have no complaints about the Signature whatsoever. I would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Nov 16 2009 	THE Best Choice: Simple Elegance and Value	Wonderful decor throughout hotel. Simple elegance. Very clean. A quiet oasis within minutes of the hub bub of Las Vegas. When you enter the hotel, the music that plays at the website is playing...it immediately feels familiar. From reading reviews, I knew to ask for a Junior Suite in Tower 1 facing the strip. Made a second phone call the day I was to arrive to reiterate my preferences. Young man blocked me a room and I was all set. I stayed on the 23rd floor of Tower 1 and it was magnificant. Room was clean and impressive like the photos on the website. Surprise for me that there were 2 burners included in the kitchen area. Best feature for me was the slding glass door to the balcony. Fresh air and TERRIFIC views. Got beautiful pics and slept like a baby after letting some of that fresh air in before going to bed. Staff: One of the older female concierges had an attitude, but, all others were extremely helpful and courteous. Room was cleaned and dishes washed daily. Two bottles of water placed in the refrigerator every day. Maid services were the BEST. Internet/TV: Sporadic delays/issues with the Internet and TV systems which are apparently tied together in Tower 1. No problem for me, but, another guest had time-critical tasks to complete. Service responded to her immediately and all was fixed/adjusted. Other: Starbucks, a lovely lounge, a mini convenience store, and fitness center are adjacent to the lobby.Location: For me it was excellent - a short inside walk to the MGM and all the hustle and bustle. It isn't the shortest walk, but, I found it a good length for transitioning to or from the noisier MGM casino.	
Nov 15 2009 	Superb	Having read fantastic reviews l was a little concerned that the hotel wouldnt live up to its reputation............l was so wrong, the place is fantastic. Every memeber of staff was friendly, polite and efficent. You never felt that you were causing an inconvienence, nothing was to much trouble. The room and bathroom were gorgeous with lovely thick soft white towels.....and lovely toiletries.The room was made up daily and we were never disturbed. The hotel was well kept and gorgeous roses in tower two, l think each tower had its own theme. The valet service was so quick and efficent with chatty and friendly staff.I could not fault anything.The walkway to the MGM isnt too long and if you head for the West Wing rooms(MGM) and walk along a long corrider turning left just before the bottom through the West Wing Bar and out through the red doors its cuts out a long walk and brings you out just before the M&amp;M shop, saves a fair bit on the old feet. Once again and fabulous place to stay.	
Nov 14 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	Staff very polite and helpful, the rooms were very clean, nicely located to the strip. Would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 13 2009 	cant complain- but not one of 'The Best' hotels	Im afraid we maybe considered as killjoys and shatter the illusion about this hotel.We planned our trip based on Trip advisor reviews and for what we thought was value we thought we'd made a pretty good 'find'.We too were going to get married and treat this as honeymoon combined.You cant rate this hotel average, but at the same time I dont think you can rate the hotel as Excellent. People have said its nice to get away from the hussle and bussle of the strip but surely- you dont go to Vegas to have a 'quiet time'? and if you do then most hotels have Air con and windows that shut?On arrival in a taxi [after a very expensive 'round trip'] from the airport [expect to pay on average $20 to $25 for every taxi ride]- we were welcomed by a rather nice gated driveway to Hotel which appeared to be private and secluded. The lobby isnt the best weve arrived at, but already understood that this wasnt going to be a 'Glitzty' hotel.Nevertheless our room was just what we expected and [ thank god] was in 'Tower 1'The rooms cannot be faulted and were immaculate, and we had a balcony which we were pleased about.Our first venture out took us on the 'walk' which everyone has spoken about- which was in fact a pain. You have to walk all the way through the MGM to get out on the strip- which by the end of the week was a real bore especially after a long night out on the strip-stilletto wearers beware!] we found the MGM very Dark and Smokey. Once youre out on the Strip your next walk to the main hotels [apart from New York New York which was opposite] is an extremely tiresome one. An option is the 'Deuce Bus' - which is $3 each One way-[which for us made it a round trip costing $12] until we discovered that you can get tickets for $7 each for 24hrs making it $14. Or there is the monorail which we didnt use.Our favourite hotels were The Bellagio, Caesars, Venetian and the Wynn which were all a hefty walk but based in the centre of the Strip.So, locationwise compared to the others I think this hotel is only for keen fit walkers [not that we're Slothlike!!]Eating near to your hotel room would probably mean going into the MGM , but we experienced the Breakfast buffet which was one of the worst experiences we have had on holiday- the queues were those similar to Motorway service stations and the food was laid out in a completely disfunctional and strange way. We also decided to have our breakfast in our room on our wedding morning but were truly disappointed with the small amount we paid an awful lot for.We therefore decided to eat elsewhere after that. The breakfasts on the balcony outside 'Paris' were lovely [incidently we ate a beautiful meal in the evening there too watching the Romantic Bellagio fountains] Our experience of Vegas and especially our visit to the Grand Canyon was amazing, but I dont think I would choose this hotel again- I would probably go for the ones more Central .To cap it all you have to pay an additional 'Resort Fee' of $20 a room a day Plus Tax and when we asked why they said it was for Coffee facilities, 2 small bottles of water , a paper and WiFi -ooh and the use of the Gym.Well surely you get this incorporated at any other Hotel with the room rate? [especially Tea and coffee making facilities!] We certainly didnt receive a paper, we didnt use Wi Fi or the Gym !! Rip off!A pleasant stay but could have been a whole lot better, mainly based on location and facilities.	
Nov 13 2009 	very comfortable place to stay	I stayed here for one night with my husband and two boys, ages 8 and 11. The room was very large--more like a studio apartment than a hotel room. It had a kitchenette and an enormous bathroom with a huge jacuzzi tub and separate stall shower. The decor was modern and quite nice--felt like a real luxury hotel, though because we stayed there in the middle of the week we had a fairly reasonable rate, much cheaper than on the weekends, complete with a &quot;Fall for Vegas&quot; promotion that included a free bottle of wine delivered to our room and $40 resort credit which we used at one of the (overpriced) restaurants at the MGM Grand. Service was generally very good (down side was that we ended up having to spend quite a bit on tips--parking is by valet only, for instance). My only real complaint is that the front desk nearly overcharged us, which I discovered by looking carefully at the bill at checkout, and then when they admitted their mistake and printed out the revised bill, which they put in an envelope, the piece of paper turned out to be blank, and I had to ask them to print it out again. One expects better service from the front desk staff of a high-class hotel like this. It was a long walk to get from our tower (the farthest from the MGM Grand) to the MGM Grand itself, which is connected to the Signature (you don't need to go outside to get from one to the other) and where most of the restaurants are, and especially to the part of the MGM Grand with the casino, lion exhibit, etc. It felt like walking from one end of a large airport to the other (even had the moving walkways!). What I really appreciated about the hotel, though, was that it was a non-smoking hotel and didn't have its own casino, which made it a much more pleasant place to stay.	
Nov 12 2009 	So much fun for all	We loved the hotel, lots of great places to eat, nice rooms, great house keeping and nice confortable beds. The only problem was that we arrived early and had requested our room be done early. When we got to the counter they asked if we would like to upgrade for a small fee, we decided to because it was to be our wedding and mini honeymoon. The only problem was that we had to wait over 5 hours to get into our room and only received free buffet vouchers for our troubles.My huband and I got married in Las Vegas and had tons of friends and family come down with us. Everyone had a different but great experience while visiting this great city. Our guests ranged from 18 to 78. My husband and I were more than pleased with the MGM Grand and all that it has to offer, we upgraded ( for a small fee) to a huge suite- we felt this was well worth the extra money and made our vacation very enjoyable. I would recommend not renting a car unless you are planning excertions from the strip or Las Vegas. We got our photos done in Red Rock Canyon and thus needed a rental car but it takes longer to drive the strip than to walk at a slow pace :) Enjoy your trip and remember not to gamble too much.Also, Stomp was amazing but wait to get to the TKTS booths- we got great seats at 50% off but they onyl sell premium seat ( mezzanine).	
Nov 12 2009 	Awesome	I stayed here because wanted something off the strip but still close enough to walk. Was greeted by Valet at Tower 2 and shown to front desk. Check in maybe took 3 minutes at 9p and check out was even less at 715a, though did see small crowds during the day. Always greeted by warm friendly folks and really liked valet service. Stayed on 19th floor with strip view of tower 2 in jr suite booked through bluechipvegas.com which is really nice, just like everyone says. BEST thing about property is NO SMOKING inside. Maybe 3-4 minute walk to MGM shops/casino and 5 minute walk which did several times to the strip right by Planet hollywood and Paris. If you like service, large clean and quiet rooms this is the place for you.	
Nov 11 2009 	Good value depending on what you're after	New and very well-maintained property. Rooms are spacious and immaculately clean with professional staff. Really nice to stay off the strip for a bit of peace and quiet, and check in separately from the craziness of the main MGM front desk. It's about 10 mins walking from the strip depending on which tower you're in, going through a covered passage, a largish mall and restaurant strip and then the casino floor - expect to come out smelling of cigarettes despite staying in a non-smoking property. My only complaint is the compulsory $20 'resort fee' for wifi, newspaper and two tiny bottles of tap water - after tax is added onto this, plus the normal room rate, it feels like total nickel and diming. Why can't they build this into the room rate??	
Nov 10 2009	This place is fabulous!	This place is by far one of the best places I've stayed in Vegas. I absolutely love it! I stayed in a junior suite on Tower 2, 32 Floor with a strip view. Rooms are immaculate and spacious and the bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The bathroom was amazing and spacious. It is the perfect get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. The 10 minute walk to the MGM Grand was a breeze. It is also only a 10 minute walk to the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood. I frequent Vegas quite often and the Signature at MGM will always be my first choice.	
Nov 9 2009 	Ultra posh hotel	Signature at the MGM is a fabulous hotel. Because the Signature is located behind the MGM, the location gives you the best of both worlds: easy access to the strip, while maintaining a sufficient distance from the craziness and noise of the strip. The staff was courteous and helpful. The huge room included a fully-stocked kitchen area and spacious bathroom. I loved the fact that this hotel is completely smoke and casino free. Since there is no shortage of either in Las Vegas, it was a relief to retreat to a fresh and clean hotel. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be away from the hectic crowds, but still be close enough, in case you have a change of heart . - Farah Ulat, Austin, TX.	
Nov 9 2009 	WOW truely an amazing hotel they never stopped impressing me...	Everything about the Signature is great. I stayed in a junior suite with my girlfriend. We were there with 6 other couples. The rooms were great. Very nice, everything that we could ask for. The housekeeping was great. Rooms cleaned very fast and well done every time. Everything about the room is new, from the stainless steel mini fridge and microwave to the self closing drawers. The bathrooms are huge and beautiful, fully equipped with LCD TV and satellite radio. Every room has an ipod dock that gets really loud and the walls between the rooms must be sound proof because we never heard anyone near us. They were at 100% occupancy when we were there. The pools were nice. The Signature consists of 3 towers and each tower has its own pool. They were on winter hours when we were there and only 1 of the pools was open, but there was plenty of room at it. The pool at the MGM is huge, very busy and had the younger party crowd of 21-25 year olds. The pools at the Sig were quiet and still have people drinking and having fun, just more laid back. Staying at the Sig you have full access to the all the MGM amenities.FYI, there is no casino in the Signature lobby. The casino is at the MGM, which is attached to the Sig. Also it is not centrally located on the strip. We walked to the center of the strip every night and it was a short walk, and we cabbed there when we went out to clubs at night. If you are looking to go clubbing, check out XS at the Winne. It is crazy!Also be prepared to spend about $7 for a beer and $15 for a mixed drink. If you looking for cheap drinks, go to the CVS down the street and pregame in the roomOverall, I will definitely go back to Vegas, and I will definitely stay at the Signature again. I have absolutely no complaints about this hotel, and usually I cant find something that I would have like changed...	
Nov 9 2009 	Great Place for Our Honeymoon	We came to vegas to get married and stayed in this beautiful hotel. We loved our huge oversize junior suite. The bathroom has a separate shower/jacuzzi bathtub and double sinks so you're not bumping into one another trying to get ready. The bed was very soft and comfortable. This is a very quiet hotel...we never heard anything from any of our neighbors. We had a great view of the mountains behind the strip, which we loved each morning. There is a $20 per day resort fee but if you know that going in it's not a shocker when you check out. The rooms have a large flat screen T.V but not alot of channels to chose from but who goes to Vegas to watch TV anyway! The kitchenettes have everything you could need to make dinner in your own suite: pots/pans, dishes, measuring instruments, can-opener, etc. We did not utilize this particular aspect but it was nice if you want it.We rented a car while in vegas and while there is no self-parking available they always had our car waiting for us when we would call down to have it brought around. The valet parking is free but you do have to tip the guys.The staff was super helpful and friendly even offering to arrange for pre-checkin for our departing flight when we left.We would definitly stay there again if we go back to Vegas. It was nice to leave the craziness of the strip and escape to an oasis.	
Nov 6 2009 	Quiet clean spacious but a bit inconvenient	My wife and I booked this hotel as part of an airline package and based my hotel on TripAdvisor reviews. First time visitor to Las Vegas. Assigned a junior suite on 27th floor in Tower 3 - hotel reception offered me a choice of high or low floor. Accommodation very nice: very clean and spacious. Large bathroom with two sinks, separate toilet, separate shower and two-person jetted tub., Small efficient kitchen. Nice seating area. Building is completely non-smoking which was a draw for us. Overall very comfortable.Tower 3 is a couple of blocks walk to Strip, walking down Harmon which is closer, or at least faster, than walking through Towers 2 and 1 and then through MGM Grand. Overall, the location is a bit inconvenient but the trade-off is peace and quiet when you want it. Amenities are OK: fitness center in Tower 3 was well equipped, deli in Tower 2 is decent and a Starbucks in Tower 1 the latter being about a 15 minutes round trip from room. Having the kitchen is good but there is no convenient place to buy food. We had hoped to be able to make our own breakfasts - health/diet conscious. ABC store in Planet Hollywood complex has an OK selection of breakfast items, e.g., cereal and fruit. Coffee supplied in room is dreadful. So, unless you can bring in your own food, e.g., if you're arriving by car, the kitchen is wasted and you're either captive to use the hotel's deli and Starbucks or you have to walk about 15 minutes each way to get something. &quot;Resort fee&quot; of $20 / day is mandatory and includes: in-room wireless internet (good connection), daily newspaper (but you have to get it at concierge desk and we weren't told that), their dreadful coffee and the use of the gym. Housekeeping was generally good: room was well cleaned but a few things were overlooked, e.g., one day - not enough bath towels, another day - no dish towel. We always tip daily for housekeeping.	
Nov 5 2009 	Brilliant place to chill amongst the buzz of Vegas	When we booked our holiday this place was rated no1 hotel in Vegas and now I understand why - the rooms and facilities are awesome and yet we only had the basic &quot;Junior suite&quot;. The place is next to the MGM hotel and we think that has the best casino and choice of restaurants in Vegas - and yet the Signature is an island of tranquility with its own little deli called Delights and a nice quiet pool. Contrary to some reports the front desk staff were extremely pleasant and helpful. The bathroom has got a wet room, Jacuzzi and twin sinks. The room has its own fully equipped kitchen with all the pots, cutlery and crockery to go with it. It even has an i-Home so you can charge up your i-pod and play music through the speakers. The only downsides were the $20 &quot;resort fee&quot; on top of the booked price and the long walk to the casino (~10 mins)	
Nov 4 2009 	Oasis in the Circus of Las Vegas	We rented our condo through www.vrbo.com and received a great weekend deal. It was Halloween so the city was crazy busy and it was wonderful to come back to the quiet and clean of our hotel after being in the madness. The room itself was on the penthouse levels (floors 33-38) and the room was exquisite. The bed was extremely comfortable, the television had High Definition channels, the bathroom was huge with a TV and jacuzzi tub and the view was amazing. The condo had a fridge, stove top, microwave and mini-bar which was perfect for heating up the leftovers from the huge portions given in the Las Vegas restaurants. The resort's amenities were basic but understandable with the MGM being next door. The pool areas were outstanding with comfy loungers, clean salt water pools, and free towels and water. The resort fee was included in our rate so that wasn't a concern. I read that a lot of folks complained about the walk to the strip. I do recognize that it is a journey to Las Vegas Blvd, but after all of the Coronas and calories consumed, I looked at this as a good thing. Get a monorail pass for 3 days and that will save you a ton of walking.I would not hesitate staying at the MGM Signature again. This resort is one of the best I have ever stayed in.	
Nov 3 2009 	WOW'd by the service. Incredible people.	The staff was INCREDIBLY nice. I mean, truly INCREDIBLY nice. They were very personable. We didn't encounter anyone rude, or even average, in the entire 4 day trip. The security supervisor Christian had to make a stop by our room at 5am because my girlfriend decided to faint. She was out for 20sec +. He showed up immediately, and politely refused to leave until paramedics were there and done with their evaluation of her. I mean, he acted like he was a true friend, and truly cared. The staff was incredible. I will be staying there again in the future. And the no smoking policy is AWESOME.	
Nov 3 2009 	Honeymoon dream	We stayed here for our honeymoon. This place was gorgeous. The staff are super friendly and the rooms are immaculate. The beds are like sleeping on a cloud. I did not like having to walk so far to get to the room. I would say that this is the only downside. You must walk through the MGM to get to the hotel from the strip or halfway through it to the monorail. Other than that, I loved this place. The rooms all have a little &quot;mini&quot; kitchen in them, so if you choose, you may bring your own food to cook. The little nuances were nice as in fresh flowers throughout the hotel and complimentary bottles of water each day for those of us not used to the dry desert air.	
Nov 1 2009 	Fabulous!	We looked in to staying at the Signature at MGM based on reviews here on TripAdvisor. Our experience was fabulous! The room was huge (and their lowest 'model), very well appointed (a kitchen!) and clean. Trust me, I am a HUGE stickler when it comes to clean hotel rooms &amp; I was SO impressed! We never even saw another person on our floor! It was so quiet and we very much appreciated the system they use for housekeeping - Pressing a button which turns a light to red or green - So no more inconvenient knocking on the door! We very much enjoyed the casino-free lobby &amp; the front desk staff was exceptional! Our *only* complaint would be the amazingly small pool &amp; the somewhat long walk through the MGM Grand (ask the bellman for the short cut walk out to the strip). We have recommended the hotel to everyone and we will definitely stay there again! OH! And you can check in to your room @ THE AIRPORT!	
Nov 1 2009 	Nice but far	Travleing with a six year old, I was looking for a place with a comfortable hotel at a good price. Pros:Stayed in a junior suite on the 30th floor. Liked the balcony, not the view. Junior suites that have a view of the mountains do not have balconys. Loved the bathtub. Overall the suite was very nice. Great bathroom and room layout. Cons:The beds are not comfortable. Know that I have a really great pillow top at home, so any bed will have to be really great to comptete with what I have. The distance was a challange. The monorail is the closest to the Signature if you do not have a car. But then, long walks to the strip. The Duce is nice when you want to travel the strip. The negative is having to walk through the smoke filled casinos. Next time,We would not stay at the Signature unless we needed a kitchen. We will stay on the strip.The hotels behind a hotel are not on the strip and seem not to have simple access.	
Nov 1 2009 	A golden experience in the city of lights	I have just returned from a holiday with my family in Las Vegas staying in the Signature at MGM Grand. Well were do I start, the whole experience of staying at the signature was an absolute pleasure from the moment I pulled off East Harmon Avenue to the point we pulled away for the last time. The Signature is a condo complex that forms part of the overall MGM Grand complex. We stayed in Tower 3 on the 11th floor in one of the Junior Suites and the room was absolutely super with everything you could request for your stay. Upon turning on the TV you are greeted with a welcome message and a brief speech from the chief concierge that makes the statement that “Your stay is only limited by your imagination”, and upon reflection I believe that is completely true. Everything that we experienced at the Signature really was first class and every member of the staff (and I mean every member) that we met was extremely helpful and efficient. The suite itself was very comfortable for the four of us and gave us plenty of room to do what we wanted, the bathroom which has a giant shower and Jacuzzi bath was bigger than many single rooms that I have stayed in and comes complete with its own TV and the living area has a good size area to cook should you wish to with everything you could need to do so. I really could go on and on about this hotel but in short imagine great rooms in a great venue with excellent staff and you will have something that resembles the Signature, they really have the right mix.	
Nov 1 2009 	Beautiful	Fantastic hotel. Beautiful room, amazing bathroom, amazing views. We stayed in Tower 3 which was the one furtherest away out of all 3 towers. I would stay at Tower 1 next time as it is a decent walk to the strip. Didn't put me off though. It was good to be away from the hustle and bustle. The hotel is spotless and they have this amazing aromatherapy scents through the whole hotel. Different scents in each tower. I never wanted to leave. The pool was good and service was good. Would absolutely stay there again. Rave rave.	
Oct 31 2009 	Signature @ MGM by Jet Luxury Resorts	* My wife and I had the pleasure of staying at Signature for two nights. This place and Jet Luxury Resorts are a real winner.* You need to know that Signature is a condominium property. The condos are managed by different management companies. They are responsible for your suite, cleanliness, amenities etc., not MGM. Jet Luxury Resorts managed our unit. What a superb management company.* The personnel at Jet Luxury Resorts are just super. I can't recommend them highly enough. Due to poor planning on my part I had to change my reservation at the last minute. They were more than accommodating. These people are just great to work with. I definitely recommend using Jet Luxury Resorts.* What spectacular accommodations. Our unit, a one bedroom suite, was extremely spacious and comfortable. Interestingly the unit had two full bathrooms. The &quot;guest&quot; bath has a shower. I assume that's so you can separate the living and bedroom into two completely separate bedrooms. Great idea.* You have room charge privileges at the MGM. Very handy for incidental and restaurant charges.* The only negative see is that the property is about a 10 minute walk away from the MGM casino/hotel. A covered walkway with moving walkways is the way to get to the casino. Along the way are numerous shops, restaurants and attractions. The food court is along the walkway.* All in all, I highly recommend The Signature at MGM Grand and Jet Luxury Resorts. A winning combination for sure.	
Oct 30 2009 	The place to stay in Vegas	Great place to stay in.Huge comfortable beds,plush sitting and dining area and a big jacuzzi .Also a lovely kitchenette.Connected to the MGM Grand . Helpful staff who will go out of their way to make your stay comfortable.Definitely worth the money,resort fee and all.	
Oct 28 2009 	Fantastic Accomodations	Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Signature Suites. Accomodations were excellent. although plan on doing a lot of walking. No need to rent a car. Tram service to strip locations is excellent. Buy a three day pass if you plan on going to the strip. I've read several reviews critcizing the service at the hotel. We did not find that to be the case. Staff was very helpful. Room service and maid service wqas very good. Only down side was there is no casino other than in the MGM and no restaurants.I think next trip I would stay at a Hotel on the strip. It would have been nice to step outside and have other hotel and shopping near by.If you are looking for class hotel and solitude, the Signature is the olace to be.	
Oct 28 2009 	Without a doubt: the best!	We stayed at the Signature for 8 days in mid Dec. We had a 1-bedroom suite on the 37th floor with a balcony and a tremendous view. We had the whole airport (we like watching planes take off and land) pread before us and also a view of the south strip. My wife called it her bird's nest. With the doors closed you caould hardly hear any noise at all. Check in was quick and easy. The room was fantastic! Two large TV's and another small one in the main bathroom. Two bathrooms with a separate bedroom. Nice kitchen and dining room table. We went to the grocery store, ate breakfast in every day, had a light lunch, and had a nice dinner out each evening. Everyone we met and had contact with was very nice and very helpful. Housekeeping every day was done well and the room was spotless when we would get back. Yes, you have to walk a bit, but don't let that be a problem. We are both in our 60's and my wife was wearing a leg brace, but we did not find the walk a big deal at all. After all, we all need the exercise. I recommend the Signature at the top of the list. We have stayed in several other strip hotels and this is the best. My only hesitation is that everyone will catch on and the next time we come, we will not get our bird's nest room.	
Oct 28 2009 	A Mazing	Faultless. We stayed in Tower 2. Yes you have to walk, but you do a lot of walking in Vegas and you do this in nearly all the hotels. The monorail is just a 3 minute walk and this takes you right up the strip so if you don't like walking use it!The room was gorgeous. All are suites and have a huge bathroom with jacuzzi and big shower cubicle. The kitchen area was great, even though we didn't use any more than the kettle and wine glasses!Very quiet, the pool areas were lovely, clean and offered a great service. The food was lovely too. After staying at the Luxor last time I preffered the Signature by far....a little bit of luxury.	
Oct 27 2009 	Peaceful quiet hotel in Las Vegas...say it ain't so!	Had read many reviews on tripadvisor and all is true. Yes, it is a bit far to walk from hotel to the MGM and strip...about 10 minutes, but it is all covered and a nice stroll. After visting other hotels/casinos, it was nice to be back in our quiet room. We checked in with no lines, where as other hotels often had LINES of people waiting and waiting. We booked through bluechip.com and saved a few bucks. The pool was quiet and easily found a spot in the mid-afternoon. Staff was superb and very prompt!	
Oct 27 2009 	Amazing rooms	The rooms are huge, comfortable and fit for you and your partner. I had the one bedroom suite on the 24th floor. You enter the hotel thru a private gated entrance, check in was flawless and quick. The rooms have a door bell, balcony overlooking Vegas, living room, dining area, sub-zero fridge, 2-40&quot; lcd tv's, jacuzzi tub with separate shower, dvd player and Ihome clock w/ipod dock. The suite was really like a luxury apartment. Definitely would stay here again and reccommend this room for couples.	
Oct 26 2009 	treat yourself to a bit of luxury	Just returned from 8 nights at the Signature and we are planning to return next year to do it all again.Our suite was on the 17th floor and was spotless,huge,quiet and had an incredible view of the middle part of the strip a couple of 100 yards away which was spectacular at night. We loved the large jacuzzi bath, large shower, massive plasma tv and food prep facilities. Special mention to Room service who did a great job every day of tidying our suite. The pools at each tower were clean and we appreciate the plush towels you get as you enter the pool area. We loved the hot spa pool and pina colada's every day but we didn't manage to get in the fitness centre. The desk staff were very efficient and looked after us on our first night due our luggage getting lost between New York and Las Vegas. Other reviewers have mentioned the walkway between the Signature and MGM Grand and I would say we used this a lot during our stay. The walk takes 10 minutes from tower 3 which didn't bother us as it's cool under cover, has a moving walkway and you don't come to Vegas expecting not to do lots of walking.The Signature front entrance brings you out onto a main road where there is a lot of building work going on across from the Planet Hollywood hotel but even so you can get to the strip quicker with this route rather than work your way through the MGM Grand casino. Whilst in Vegas you must take a helicopter ride at night over the Strip, have a go on the roulette tables if you've never done it before, see Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian and do not miss going to the Grand Canyon.	
Oct 26 2009 	Perfection Class and Elegence	I had such a great time at the Signature! It was pure luxury all the way!!! I can't wait to go back!!	
Oct 26 2009 	Ultra quiet oasis in Las Vegas	We use Trip Advisor to gauge recent reviews along with other services. Before I booked, I ensured that there was a number of &quot;positive&quot; takes on Signature. This was done to ensure that there was not a repeat performance of an absolutely horrible stay at Bally's some months ago.If there is any description that is apt, it would be &quot;ideal&quot;. The Signature is perfect if you are looking for a professional and courteous staff who respond immediately to requests and an ultra quiet due to the way the resort is constructed and situatedTwo items did pop up that seemed to be somewhat out of place: at check in, the staff person who did check us in had a less than friendly attitude, in comparison to all of the other personnel we encountered (it may have been a bad day for her), and the fact that the pool and jacuzzi closed at 6:00 p.m.! In a city that operates 24/7, we would have liked to be able to go down to the jacuzzi after dinner and relax, but unfortunately it was closed.The responsiveness of the staff is unbelievable. Our TV needed to be checked out and the engineering staff were at our door within 10 minutes. If you are looking for a quiet, professional oasis in the midst of the hubub of Las Vegas, do not hesitate to stay here.	
Oct 25 2009 	Still A Great Place to be...	This was my second time at the Signature. I stayed last year in Tower 1, but this year I was in Tower 3. It's interesting because many reviews always talk about the distance/walk to the MGM and in my last review I didn't think it was a big deal; 2.5 minutes from Tower 1 - I even have a video which I've tried to upload but unfortunately as the sugababes are playing over the muzak it infringes copyright! But this time, well I did feel the distance - I guess Tower 3 just felt that much further. It's probably a mental thing because it's really only an extra 2-3 minutes, but just feels further so definitely try for Tower 1 if you can. On the plus side, Tower 3 is nearer to the side entrance from which you can walk along the road to the side entrance of the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile shops in 5 mins which is good for getting to the middle of the strip a bit quicker.Otherwise it was business as usual for the Signature - a brilliant clean, large balcony one-bedroom suite which was spotlessly clean. The best thing about these rooms is the ability to make breakfast and snacks for yourself as they're equipped with large fridges, hobs, toasters, etc. The other great things about the Signature; the pool - just right size, uncrowded and it's nice to enter the MGM right by the Monorail which gets you everywhere else on the strip. The bad? Well, if you're a first time visitor to Vegas it might be better to be somewhere &quot;on top&quot; of the strip and any opportunity to cut the time taken up on walking to and from your hotel room isn't a bad thing.All that said, I'd stay again and again at The Signature - it's really one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in.	
Oct 25 2009 	Off the strip but yet still 'on the strip'...	I was a little nervous prior to staying here after reading past reviews, but I must say that I found the location to be great! It's not in one of the 'grand' hotels so it felt more like staying at a regular hotel than at one of the Vegas resorts, but that was fine with me (there was ONE person waiting in front of me at check-in! One person, no line, check in took 5 minutes tops.) We stayed in Tower 2, right in front of the elevators is the deli (very cute, good food, serves breakfast til 11am and sandwiches after 11am, sandwiches are very large and delicious!) and the pool area. The pool area was nice, clean and not too crowded, at least when we went (around 1 or 2pm on a Thur). We did not check out MGM's pool (which you also get access to) but I looked out the window at it and it looked pretty cool. We checked out the fitness facility in Tower 1 and it is very clean, has lots of equipment and if I had not gotten sick on the trip (yes, I caught a head cold, it was a bummer, it totally zapped my energy.) I would have tried out the machines. You can also grab extra waters here (you get 2 small mini ones everyday in your fridge too.) Our rooms were fantastic! We stayed in the 1 bedroom suite and it had a full kitchenette which we really did not take full advantage of but I did enjoy my leftovers from Craftsteak which I never get to do when I stay anywhere else on the strip in Vegas. I always eat at these fabulous restaurants, but my eyes are always bigger than my stomach and can't take a doggy bag when you usually don't have a fridge and/or microwave. Signature has a full microwave, full size refrigerator, stove/oven, dishwasher, sink, blender, toaster, coffee maker! All the plates, mugs, glassware, silverware, etc that you would need. I wish there was more of a convenience store inside the hotel (that sells bread, milk, etc) but all in all it was pretty neat! The bathroom was my favorite part...HUGE and had separate shower, whirlpool tub (I didn't use it, but I wanted to), little tv on the counter (yes, in the bathroom) and an area to do your makeup/hair. Two sinks which were great but my husband used the half bathroom in the other room to get ready (it has its own shower as well). There's a tv embedded in the desk in the master bedroom. I couldn't figure out how to get it out, called front desk and she patiently explained to me to move the chair out of the way in front of the desk (otherwise it blocks the sensor), you hit power on the remote and voila-the tv pops out! Very cool! Also our bulb was burnt out of the lamp in the living room and I just left a note to ask for it to be changed and it immediately was. They have buttons by the door to designate if you want housekeeping or 'do not disturb'. I thought that was neat too. To get the daily newspaper (which is included in the $20 resort fee) you have to go down to the bell hop desk in the front lobby to pick it up. We did not take advantage of this because 1) we don't really read the daily paper and 2) we never got up early enough to get it. I didn't mind paying the silly $20 resort fee since we were in Vegas afterall and probably going to throw money away anyway in a slot machine, etc. The front desk people were very friendly and professional. I asked them if there was a place to print off our boarding passes for the airport and they offered to do it right then and there at the front desk! The inside walkway (which includes moving sidewalks) to go to the MGM Grand only took my husband and me 10 minutes to walk through if that. No biggee...it's right by the monorail station too which we did use one day to go to the Venetian and other hotels to sight-see. Very convenient. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. Everything was clean and delightful and taking advantage of 24-hour room service was a treat too! I recommend it for those who don't mind walking a little, like to get away from the hustle and bustle for little while, like to have a place to reheat their leftovers, make their own coffee/tea, and don't mind that it's more of a hotel feel than a 'Vegas&quot; strip feel.	
Oct 24 2009 	Fantastic hotel but depends what you're looking for in Vegas	We spent 4 nights at the Signature as part of our wedding vacation in the USA. Its a lovely hotel with nice rooms, friendly staff and overall we would highly recommend it. However, it comprises of 3 towers (we were in Tower 3) and although it is linked to the MGM Grand from our tower it took approximately 20 minutes to reach the exit onto the Strip. From the MGM Casino it was a 15 minute walk to our room so we would recommend that you go for Tower 1 as that is nearer and probably just a 5 minute walk. Its a lovely hotel for a quiet stay but if you're coming to Vegas and looking to enjoy the bars and casinos on the Strip be prepared for a bit of a trek. (There is a side exit which will bring you out just behind Planet Hollywood but this isn't publicised)If you don't intend to spend much time in your room you'll be better looking for one of the hotels on the strip.One nice touch was a free bottle of champagne left in our room after the cleaners spotted our wedding bouquets in the room the day after we got married.	
Oct 23 2009 	Can't stay at a better hotel	I stayed at the Signature at the mgm in December of 2008. My then girlfriend and I got married in vegas and wanted to stay at a nice place. I have almost no complaints about the hotel everything was amazing. We did have a problem with no hot water in the shower on the morning of our wedding. We called the front desk and they told us they would send someone up. So we took a bath instead(for some reason we had hot water there) and went off to get married. We we returned a few hours later we had hot water and all was well. I don't mind little problems as long as they are fixed in a timely manner. The only other thing I did not like was when we checked in the man at the front desk asked us where we where getting married and we told him the Imperial Palace. He made a comment about the quality of the hotel granted he was right(as we found out when we got marrried), but it was in bad taste for him to say anything. Now on to all the great stuff. Everyone that worked there(other than the front desk guy) was super friendly and helpful. We got room service the morning we got married and it was the best breakfast we have ever eaten. When our room service was brought up the guy asked what brought us to vegas and we mentioned that we were getting married. About 20 minutes after he brought our breakfast he reutrned with a plate of chocolate covered strawberries and a card from the staff congradulating us on our wedding. I could go on and on about this place, but will stop here and just say that I will stay there every time I am in vegas from now on.	
Oct 22 2009 	A nice alternative to the themed strip hotels	This was our third trip to Las Vegas and by far the best and I attribute this mostly to our stay at the Signature.**Location: This was my biggest concern about booking off the strip, but if you're in tower one like we were it is a very short jaunt to the MGM Grand and, therefore, the rest of the strip. I personally enjoyed being tucked away from the action just a bit as there wasn't a constant stream of gaping tourists in the lobby as there are in the themed strip hotels.**Customer Service: No complaints here - all were friendly and efficient.**Room: By far the best thing about the hotel. We had a one bedroom suite and it was tastefully decorated and wonderfully comfortable. Since we were traveling with a large group of people it was wonderful to have a place where we could congregate and have drinks, chat, etc. The jacuzzi tub was an especially nice feature.**The Resort: There are no restaurants on site, but there is one bar, a Starbucks, and a small convenience store. There is full room service and the restaurants at the MGM Grand are just a moment away. You also have full access to all the amenities of the MGM Grand including the pool which is very nice. On a weekend morning we didn't have any problems finding a big group of lounge chairs together. The lazy river is a lot of fun! There is no casino on sight, but this was a big bonus for me.**The bottom line is that if you're looking for a relaxing, peaceful hotel in Las Vegas that is still close to the action this is a good bet. I recommend booking in tower one. I've heard that there are some inconsistencies with service and room cleaning, etc. if you book a privately owned suite. While this wasn't our experience it is important to be aware of that possibility.	
Oct 21 2009 	Watch out for phantom charge's......	Great hotel , all except for when checking out ,we were charged $210 for room service which we never had and when i disputed the issue i felt as if i was trying to rob them ,they charged our card for the disputed amount even before she had handed me the bill ? When i returned home i called the general manager to complain about the attitude of the lady in question and was told she was one of their their longest serving employee's and had probably &quot;just pressed the wrong button &quot;........................i was even unhappy with the response from our complaint .......	
Oct 20 2009 	Amazing Stay at a 5 Star Hotel!	My husband and I stayed here in October and had a fantastic stay. Service was outstanding - we had a $35 credit each night from Expedia which they honored. The room was phenomenal. Large tub in the bathroom, soft bed, kitchen appliances, etc. The room was very clean. We also tried the &quot;Delights&quot; restaurant which was a bit pricy however the breakfast was very tasty (try the lemon berry pancakes!). The $20 resort fee is steep, so make sure to get a good rate (we stayed on Sun and Mon night which was cheaper). This hotel is well worth the money. We could not have asked for a better getaway from the smokey, casino atmosphere.	
Oct 20 2009 	Excellent rooms - high standard and good views	I stayed here for 4 days in October in a 1 bedroom suite on the 34th floor with mountain view.The suites are tastefully decorated with good kitchen facilities as well as an en suite spacious bathroom. The service desk was courteous and helpful. The rooms are better than any other I have come across in Vegas (having stayed at Paris LV, The Venetian, The Westin, Planet Hollywood) so it deserves its high rating.There are three Towers at the Signature, with staff recommending Tower 1 for the best view of the Strip. You need to make a specific request to the hotel for a Strip facing Tower 1 room at least 4 to 5 days in advance which I would strongly recommend doing.The only real negatives are the 5 minute walk into the MGM Grand itself on the moving walkway (which gets quite laborious during a medium to long stay). However these are minor inconveniences compared with the benefits of the rooms/views themselves.Other than using the Starbucks, I did not use any of the dining facilities in the towers, relying instead on the wider MGM Grand facilities.	
Oct 20 2009 	Extremely special	After LOTS of research, stayed at the Signature for a week for our Vegas wedding &amp; honeymoon as a result of the reviews on this site. As promised, the hotel really is an oasis of calm and tranquillity compared to the rest of Las Vegas and we felt really special staying here. We had a 1 bedroom suite on the 16th floor of Tower 3. Main points as follows:1) HOTEL - The hotel lobbies are beautifully decorated with each tower having a different theme &amp; scent. All towers are connected so it doesn't really matter which tower you're in -just feels like one intimate hotel. Staff in reception at each tower are very friendly and helpful, as are concierge and bell desk staff. 2) CHECK IN - Check in was quick - completely different to all the large lines we saw at most other hotels. Suitcases taken from us and were offered a bottle of iced water immediately. Had requested via email a strip view and penthouse in Tower 1 or 2 but were offered only a floor 8 in tower 2 or floor 16 in tower 3 so took the latter. As standard, a credit card swipe is taken when you check in. We were told that we had $24 worth of credit in the Lounge bar and $20 resort activity credit which was a nice surprise. Also got us 40% discount on KA tickets.3) ROOMS - Our 1 bedroom suite was stunning - much better than in looks on the photos and feels really classy. Large lounge with full dining table, full kitchen, large bedroom, HUGE bathroom with separate WC plus another bathroom with shower! Was also amazed at how much storage space there was. We were really swayed by the kitchen facilities when booking the Signature; in particular the coffee maker. However, this was slightly disappointing as only made 2 cups of coffee and you were only given 1 sachet of coffee and 1 decaff per day plus 3 creamers... Ah well. Had oven, fridge freezer, hob etc plus gorgeous dinnerware and appliances but we never used these. The balcony is a nice plus, but we were never in the room long enough to use it; ditto for the 3 TVs you get (the one which automatically rises out of the bureau is cool though). The best things about the room were the lovely, large comfortable bed, iPod dock and the bathrooms. Loved the main bathroom - the jacuzzi, make up mirror and vanity sink plus all the nice toiletries that get replenished daily.4) HOUSEKEEPING - You switch a light on your door each day to let housekeeping know they can come in. This was done daily, with coffee replenished and 2 bottles of water. Had one problem that the oven had burnt on food on it - complained about this twice but never cleaned off. However, came back to the room one day to find a chilled bottle of Veuve Cliquot champagne &quot;with compliments from housekeeping&quot;. Not sure if this was on account of our wedding or the complaint but we were very grateful!5) FACILITIES - Starbucks in Tower 1 is handy and the Delights cafe in Tower 2 serves a beautiful breakfast (although poor coffee). Didn't use the gym in Tower 3 but it looked well equiped. Had our free drinks in the Lounge Bar in tower 1, which is small but nice enough - drinks were expensive ($12 each) but complimentary bar snacks were gorgeous! Used the pool &amp; spa at Tower 3 once only and it is nice with very comfy sunloungers, free towels and iced water. All pools looked similar and all are very private.6) GETTING AROUND - There are loads of comments on this site about the walk to the MGM. This was not an issue - in fact we liked the fact it was away from the casino and main hotel. It took us about 5-10 minutes to walk from our room in tower 3 to the Signature entrance in the MGM and it is mainly on moving walkways anyway. Don't let the walk put you off at all. To get onto the Strip we had a monorail 3 day pass so usually went straight to the monorail which is 2 mins walk away from the Signature entrance in the MGM. Thought Monorail was good form of transport and used it loads - much quicker than the Deuce bus as comes every 7 mins and takes you to several points along the strip. Alternatively we walked through the casino, having a few dollars in the slots on the way of course...We tried to find the entrance mentioned on this site from the tower 3 pool but couldn't - asked a staff member who told us there was no such entrance so maybe they don't like people to use it??7) OTHER Non-smoking hotel so it is refreshing that it doesn't smell like the casinos - I do smoke and even I found it nice. You can smoke outside the hotel on the many seats, benches and areas where there are ashtrays.My only gripe is of course with the $20 resort fee. As we didn't use the gym, wi-fi or see a newspaper, you can't help but feeling slightly cheated by 2 small bottles of water &amp; 2 sachets of coffee costing $20 per day! As the Signature is relatively good value compared to other places, they should just add it onto the price and you wouldn't care!OVERALL we had a fantastic time at the Signature and it made our wedding/honeymoon very special. Thanks once again to TripAdvisor for the recommendations!	
Oct 20 2009 	Extremely nice hotel and amenities.	My wife and I stayed here for the first time this summer. We got a great price at well under 150 / nt. We've stayed at suites in the Venetian, and THEhotel (also a MGM property) recently and found the rooms at the Signature the most well appointed of all. The layout of the suite is very similar to THEhotel. We had two separate rooms with a kitchen. Having two rooms with a door between them is far superior to the suites at the Venetian and other hotels which are just large rooms. The clientele seemed to be a little younger, louder, and more annoying than at other upscale hotels on the strip but that may have just been during our stay. The room towers are a bit off from the casino which is both good and bad. Takes a little longer to get to and from, but with the moving walkways it's not too bad. Nice to be away from all the crowds at times also. We had great meals at several restuarants on the grounds. The Pearl (I think that's the name) was quite good for the prices, although not cheap. Diego's was quite good also. Not the quality of Delmonico's at the Venetian (our favorite) but not as pricey either. We will consider this hotel when we come back. For the price we paid it was an excellent value.	
Oct 19 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous	I just got married in Vegas and stayed in a one bedroom suite at The Signature. Every single thing about the room was divine. It was spotless on check in and continued that way for the length of the five day stay. The jacuzzi tub in the bathroom was the highlight of the trip for me!! I loved it....needed at least an hour a day in it. The pool was really nice and the service everywhere in the hotel was exceptional. And OMG the bed....it was the greatest bed I have ever slept in. We now need a new bed at home. Im not even kidding!! And my view was amazing. The one bedrooms have balconies and that alone is worth the extra cost. Two negatives: No furniture on the balcony. I put the dining chairs out there but they are fancy and it was weird. Second was the walk. I was in Tower three. And after a long night of walking and drinking, it was definitely a pain. I would request Tower one next time. The biggest pain was that you cant run out anywhere. I needed a Walgreens which is down the street from the MGM grand, and probably my door to the MGM grands door is a 20 minute walk. One last thing, we had no problem with noise or neighbors at all. Elevators were fast as heck, too.	
Oct 19 2009 	Classy	This was a first visit to Vegas and we chose the Signature as a result of Trip Advisor recommendations, so we really arent able to compare with other accommodation along the strip. What we really liked about the Signature MGM1. Check in was really easy (once you got there, roadworks are still a nightmare, however once you figure out an alternate route it is very easy to get in and out of)2. The rooms were lovely and large (we had a Studio room in Tower 1 35 floor overlooking the strip) I think Tower 1 is the pick of the Towers. Nice comfy bed, large TV screen, great view3. The bathroom is quite possibly the best I have every experienced in all my travels. It is huge, and the spa bath alone was divine. Nothing better than sitting back with a glass of bubbles soaking in the bath while you watch a little bit of TV (yep small screen in bathroom)lights dimmed. For that reason alone I would probably return and stay at the Signature again4. Really liked how it wasnt part of a casino, its nice to come back to the peace and quiet of the hotel after you've been walking the stripOverall very nice, Im not sure what others such as Bellagio have to offer, but we were pretty happy with Signature. The distance to walk didnt bother us, and we made good use of the Monorail that stops at the MGM to get up and down the strip while there. Two things we did have issues with. 1. Like most others the $20 resort fee, Im hard pressed to see how a newspaper (which were all gone by mid morning) and swim in a small pool (pool is nice, clean however nothing flash and gets quite crowded and busy) warrants and additional fee, Get rid of it or incorporate it into the costs. It didnt even cover internet use2. Valet parking, while this is nice for some for those that are in and out it would be nice to just go get your own car without having to ring down each time you need it, wait for it to arrive and then tip for getting it, then when you return tip them again for parking it(which for us Aussies tipping can be frustrating)Overall very impressed and very nice. We stayed as part of our 10 year wedding anniversary and I would certainly recommend it to anyone looking for a special vacation.	
Oct 18 2009 	Honeymoon at MGM SIGNATURE	Booked the signuture due to other travellers reviews and was not disappointed. We were in tower one, closest to MGM. Hotel staff were very customer friendly in service delivery nothing seemed a problem to organise or replenish. We did have to request replenishment of tea bags every day though as they would often leave only one or two bags, we don't think they quite understand how much tea us Brits will consume! The suite was beautiful and spotlessly clean. We had room 18-607 with a balcony and partial strip view but still nice to wake up in the morning too. The bed was sumptuous, really comfortable and huge. We had in-suite dining for breakfast most days. This was a lovely treat, everything arrived beautifully presented and if it was a hot breakfast it arrived hot. The signature also make a mean Margarita on the rocks, worth treating yourself too as a warmer to going out in the evening. Last word is on the Joan Collins bathroom, were missing you already!! Overall fab stay and will be back.	
Oct 18 2009 	An oasis of tranquilty in frantic Las Vegas!	Stayed for three nights at the end of our trip to experience Vegas and visit the Grand Canyon. Signature Tower 3 is a non smoking non gambling hotel and it was great to come back to this after a day on the strip. The junior suite was fantastic with a great bathroom and lots of space. I was not convinced of the benefit of a 21st floor balcony although the views over the strip were amazing at night. The staff were clearly highly trained and unfailingly courteous and professional and the hotel exceeded our expectations. The price for such luxurious accommodation was fantastic. Although at a location off the strip a 10 minute walk under cover to the MGM Grand enabled us to access the monorail which proved a great way to get around. Thanks for a great stay!	
Oct 17 2009	Spacious luxurious good service nice views are all here.	We stayed in Tower 1 which is more convenient to reach the casino and restaturants. The suite was really spacious, and VERY well appointed; TVs in the huge bathrooms; fridge toaster stove etc in the kitchen. We got a good deal before we went, but upgraded on arrival for an additional cost.. While we were very close to all the nightlife of Vegas, it was very peaceful and quiet in the suite. However, the internet is not really free, not when there's the $20 resort fee each day. The staff were helpful, but I would not say exceptional.	
Oct 17 2009 	Best stay in Vegas so far!	My wife and I stayed at the Signature for 6 nights this October. We have stayed at many hotels around the world and must say that this one ranks with the top five we've stayed at.We booked a one bedroom suite and the room was exactly as depicted on the website of the hotel. Spacious, nice balcony, comfortable bed and a huge bathroom with the spa tub - just perfect. One of the best features is the Airport Check-in: we had been travelling for a long time from Switzerland and really enjoyed the option to check-in at the airport before we went to pick up our bags. Saves the hassle of having to wait at registration when you get to the hotel. The amenities of the MGM Grand are just great: Pool, restaurants, spa and not to forget the free Wi-Fi access in - room.If you're looking for a quiet place to saty in Vegas the Signature should be your choice. A little far away from the strip but if you know that in advance not a problem. Friendly staff!	
Oct 16 2009 	The Signature is NOT a Hotel...but a great place to stay	I have been to Vegas every year for the last 7 years, mostly on business, but some pleasure. I have stayed in the MGM Grand (just a small hotel room); the Venetian (very good, very expensive) and Bill's Casino (small, clean and cheap).Last year we came to the Signature and for the next few years this will be our choice, but it isn't for everyone. Firstly, it always interests me to see what people have to say about a place - good and bad. So, it is with the Signature. There are a few people who are unhappy, but it isn't # 4 on Tripadvisor for no reason, especially when one notes that there are nearly 2000 reviews! That I think is important to consider when deciding.Yes, the Signature Suites are a long walk from everywhere. It is not a Hotel, so there are no Restaurants (there is Room Service) or Gaming facilities nor any of the usual little shops. It is more correctly condiminiums and yes some are privately owned. Usually advertised on VRBO.We have just booked our second 4 night stay in a Junior Penthouse (BlueChipVegas) for $185 per night inc Tax, cleaning and the MGM resort fee which gives 24 hour high speed internet and access to the pools etc. That was a big saving over booking direct at MGM and we are on the 32nd floor which you know when you book, so no surprises.So, if you don't mind a good walk and want peace and quiet at an affordable Vegas price, then I think the Signature offers very spacious accommodation and is pretty good value. But, if you must be super close to the action, then look elsewhere.	
Oct 16 2009 	Dissapointing - fading away	This was our second stay at the Signature Rooms and were massively dissapointed this time round.We were on the 5th floor next to the service area - no no sleeping in after 8.00, the walls even shook when they were messing about in the area next to the room. Faced the airport side, so great to have planes roaring off first thing and no balcony this time.Also room was cleaned on 3rd day for some reason.Bearing in mind the fierce competition now they need to raise their game. Internet access charges in the Business Centre are a massive rip off - beware.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Stay	Stayed for week 27 Sep - 04 Oct with wife and 2 young children in jnr suite. Check in was fine and able to check in straight away at 12pm but only negative asked for tower 1 or 2 on reservation but gave us a room in tower 3, thought give it a try anyway. After one night decided tower 3 too far so they requested our move to a new room on tower 1, much better. The walk from tower one is a non issue and it's convenient to note that the mgm pool is actually closer to signature than the mgm hotel room. Mgm pool was great and the kids absolutely loved the lazy river and wouldn't get off the tube. The pool had a great atmosphere and people surprisingly made my kids feel welcome. Room service was the best of any hotel I have ever stayed in and the $300 resort credit I had helped pay for that. Ate the rest of the time at the Mgm buffett which was good mainly getting the all day eat pass for $34. For gambling Mgm i thought was good and didn't notice much smoke must be good ventilation and if you tip the waitress drinks came regulary, no I didnt win. Forget the negatives about the monorail use it. It saves alot of walking and we found it very handy getting up and down the strip but purchase a 3 day pass for $30. Another tip if you want to get to the premium outlet catch the monorail to the Sahara and catch bus service 108 from bottom of Sahara monorail station and this takes you directly to the outlet great shopping and much cheaper than australia. Would defienately come back to the signature but try and avoid tower 3.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great - except for the food poisoning ....	We stayed at the Signature for a 4 day vacation. This is the first time I brought my wife along on a trip - I fly to Vegas a couple of times a year on business. The Signature was a nice change to the crazy strip hotels as you don't have to wander through the casino to get to your room. The staff were friendly until the end. On the last night, we ate at the MGM buffet and my wife was up all night violently ill. Clearly food poisoning. I spoke with the front desk in the morning to alert them that the buffet may have a problem and we wound up being treated like criminals. She had no interest in alerting the restaurant - she had no interest in asking how my wife was. We had to spend time waiting for security so they could fill out a report. Not sure why it was security doing it, but it added to the feeling that they were just out to protect themselves and had no interest in the health of my wife or other patrons of the buffet. After an otherwise good visit, I would not recommend that anyone stay at this or any other MGM property as the company clearly has no interest in anything other than moving people through the property and not stepping up when there is a problem.	
Oct 15 2009 	nice and clean hotel great pools	We stayed at the hotel for 3 nites. Overall, it is a nice hotel. It's almost at the end of the strip.It's a good walk from your hotel room to the buffet. The buffet was so-so except the desserts. Pools are great. It has a nice lazy river.	
Oct 15 2009 	October 15th Suite 37-809	The MGM website offers a 50$ room credit when you book on their site. I booked one night and applied the credit to an MGM Show--but it can also be used for room service or any of the MGM food venues (but not Joel Rubicon). It is much quieter here than in the Encore or Wynn where I normally stay. No smoke. Less people. No loud music.. I would highly recommend for athletic couples or families that want a kitchenette and not a big party scene. I would not recommend for bachelor or bachelorette parties. They do have tea now but bring your own herbal/decafinated tea if that is all you drink. Tower 3 is close to Ph Westgate, Planet hollywood and City Center. Tower 1 is closer to MGM. Look at satelite photo. Pools are very nice, new and not crowded. Balconies facing the strip get a nice view of the sunset in October. Lower floors facing the strip get a nice view of the monorail ( and maybe some noise). The front desk will print your boarding pass for free. Bring a small netbook or laptop. Have fun.	
Oct 14 2009 	Simply the best!	This is our second time to stay at the Signature. We got a great suite on the 34th floor with a balcony, facing the strip. Rooms are so comfortable and clean! I don't mind the walk to the MGM at all. We always get a car and drive to other casinos anyway. The internet connection was too weak, but they came up with a cable and fixed it right away. I love everything about this place, down to the smell of it. I wish they would bottle the scent of the lobby and walkway. The decor is so soothing and beautiful. Room service was excellent!! Try the wings! We will always come back here. We came here for our honeymoon and our 2 yr anniv.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Honeymoon Spot	If you want your own personal space from the Vegas party atmosphere, The Signature at MGM Grand is the place to stay. I would recommend this hotel for those who want privacy, yet in close location to the Strip and want to splurge. The location is a 10-15minute walk from the MGM hotel/casino entrance. The 3 Signature Towers are connected via covered walkways to the MGM Grand. The walk from the MGM Grand to Signature was great match for working off that large buffet meal. The room was fully furnished, flat screen TV, mini-couch, office table, and robust air conditioner/heater, large bathroom containing full shower and Jacuzzi tub. Parking is all valet at the Signature and no self-park. Least liked was the (at check-in) resort fee of $20 charged per day. This fee covers the room's in-house bottle water, fitness room access, and newspaper. Tower 3 hosts the fitness room, consists of full free-weight set, cardio treadmills, bike machines and numerous flat screen TVs. We were very satisfied with the convenience, service, and amenities the Signature at MGM offered for our honeymoon.	
Oct 13 2009 	Can't wait to return with my friends AND for some alone time! Perfect getaway!!	Overall, the MGM was great!!! If I had one complai, it would be the room service, not the staff but more so the food. Although the food was VERY good, it was not at a good temperature. I would suggest the burners be kept on until the food isready to be consumed.Overall, this hotel has it all and the location is PERFECT! I plan to return to the Sky Lofts for my next visit!	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Place to Stay	We stayed at Signature at MGM Grand for two days and loved it. I highly recommend it for those looking to stay off the strip.. Its only 10min walk. Enjoyed the comfy bed and huge bathroom (with jacuzzi). We booked it through a third party.	
Oct 12 2009 	Nice apartment but has its drawbacks	We arrived for check-in abour half an hour early and the lady at the desk was quite nice; in assuring us a view of the strip we had to wait a little while for the room... but a little while turned into a long while and even when we eventually got the room the balloons, flowers and food my sister had arranged as a suprise for my birthday was not set up. After arguments with the concierge desk they agreed to set it up straight away so we went for a walk and some tea... when we arrived back that night it still hadn't been set up and wasn't set up until the next day!! They promised us something extra for the inconvenience which never came until I got onto them again!!! So it was a bit of a shakey start. The room was lovely and the attachment to the MGM grand is excellent but next time I think I would rather be in on the action a bit more.	
Oct 12 2009 	Second time as good as first!!!	Tower 3 is closest to Harmon and a long walk to the Strip. It is also a walk to get to the moving walkways by Towers 1&amp;2 which take you to the MGM Grand. The Tower 3 pool is closed M-F. Tower 2 and 3 pool doesn't get morning sun. Tower 1 pool gets sun all day. Next time I'll stay in Tower 1 or 2 like I did before. Pool is open 8-6. The top ten floors (29-38) are called penthouse floors but are the same as others in every way except some have a double deep balcony which is unneeded unless you're going to have a big party on it. Actually, these balconies have sun and view-blocking walls on both sides when the other balconies have only one. The fitness center is a nice work out room. At least a dozen high-end treadmills. Free weights, exercise machines, stair-steppers, and bikes make this a 10!These condos are individually owned and are rented directly by the owner or the owner's leasing agent. The MGM Signature is a leasing agent for many. The non-MGM leased units have more potential for deterioration over time. I assume The MGM-leased units will maintain a better quality on average because of their standards. So watch out when renting direct from owner. Over time there will be differences and you will not be able to change rooms unless you rent directly thru MGM.Otherwise, an excellent place which we will stay at in the future.	
Oct 12 2009 	You can BET on this hotel!!!!!	Arrived at the Signature on the 20th september for five nights, had a speedy check-in, where we asked for a high floor with balcony and view of the strip of which they gave just that on 34th floor in tower 2.Our junior suite was amazing with the comfiest bed I have known, the full kitchenette was useful and the bathroom was spacious and luxurious with jacuzzi bath, huge walk-in shower, his/hers sinks and even a tv. 2 bottles of water are left in the room each day but if wanted more just went to the entrance of the pool and by the towels they have an bucket of ice filled with bottles of water, just help yourself.Staff were helpful, for example asked where the nearest walmart supercentre was as we needed to stock up for a road trip and within seconds I was printed directions with a map, just little things like that leave a big impression.As for the walk to the MGM casino, why people complain about this is beyond me, they have read the reviews and should know what to expect. The walk is 5 minutes to the rear casino entrance of MGM (monorail entrance located here) and another 5 minutes to the strip or you could walk out the entrance of the Signature turn left and a 5 minute walk your at the entrance of the miracle mile shops at Planet Hollywood, either way it's not far so please don't let this put you off.That's all for me to say and thank-you Signature for a great stay.	
Oct 11 2009 	Very nice property	My husband and I stayed at the Signature on October 9 and 10. Check in was very easy with little wait time. We stayed in a junior suite in Tower 1 which was very nice. It had a king bed, flat panel television, and a mini kitchen with supplies to prepare meals if desired. The bathroom had a jetted tub and separate shower. There was also a small television in the bathroom. The toiletries were good quality. Overall room cleanliness was good.There is a Starbucks at the entrance to Tower 1 and a cozy little bar where you can get away from the crowds. The hotel is non smoking which was wonderful. There is no casino in the hotel but you have full access to the MGM Grand. The walk wasn’t bad but was a nuisance when coming back after a night out. There are three pools but we ended up spending the day at the MGM pools. However, we did walk through them and I noticed that one of the pools is shaded much of the day because of the location.My only issue was with the $20 per day resort fee which is supposed to cover internet access, newspaper, and two bottles of water a day. Our room wasn’t cleaned while we were out the first day and I had to call down to have that taken care of.Overall, the hotel is very nice and a quiet respite from the noise and crowds of the Strip.	
Oct 11 2009 	Very comfortable but disappointing – DO NOT stay here if 1st time to Vegas	My boyfriend and I spent one night at the Signature MGM Grand in Las Vegas. We were able to check in on time around 3pm with no problems. However, we were very disappointed to only be on the 9th Floor of Tower 3 (this Tower has 35 floors I think) with a view of the airport behind the hotel. No view of the Strip, no view of Vegas (except the airport) and to top it all off we were given a wheelchair accessible room. We had understood from the hotel website that we would have a balcony as it was stated &quot;available in most suites&quot; obviously our suite wasn't most suites. We had booked a room in the Signature rather than the MGM Grand for the balcony. Tower 3 is the furthest Tower away from the MGM Grand Casino and amenities.... We stayed here on a Wednesday night outside of holiday seasons so the place wasn’t exactly overbooked. This was our first time in Vegas and for the price we paid I expected more to be honest.We were not given any resort credit at all not even credit for any casino slot machines. Tower 3 had no restaurants, cafés, shops and the swimming pool was in one of the other towers. This hotel is obviously designed for long stays and not for 1 or 2 nights. The room was very comfortable with a large bed with nice bed covers and soft comforters and pillows. There was plenty of coffee making facilities and the kitchenette was very well stocked with utilities. We found the Valet attendants to be very efficient and helpful each time we needed our car.However we did have a number of issues: The amount of walking involved was a surprise. The hotel website depicts the Signature towers as just being on the other side of the MGM Swimming pool. It wasn't at all! The distance from our room to the MGM Grand Strip entrance was an average of 20 minute walk each way. There are moving walkways but it is still quite a distance. If you plan on staying here, I recommend you stay in Tower 1, unless you like walking.On top of the rate, we were charged a further $20 per day resort fee. This we were told was to cover daily bottled water in our room (2 small bottles of tap water in the fridge), use of the pool, daily newspapers delivered (we did not get a newspaper by the way) Internet in each suite. This only includes Internet via WIFI for if you have a laptop or a mobile phone and does not include the internet in the room which is a further €10.99.Good hotel if you want to be out of the Casino scene and not have loads of people roaming around your hotel but extra charges and taxes do add up. Good hotel if you want to pay for features that you won't get.	
Oct 11 2009 	Beautiful room - great first impression of Vegas!	We booked through booking.com and paid a fairly reasonable rate, just over $100 per night. You have to give your name to the security guard on the gate so he can direct the taxi driver to the right tower. He was a bit confused about our name, but we ended up in the right place, just by luck rather than design! Check in staff and bell boy were friendly and quick.Room was lovely. We were on the fourth floor in tower 2, but the view was fairly good. From what I could see, the view wouldn't improve until you were a lot higher! We had a one bedroom suite with balcony, with every thing we needed. The main (there were two!) bathroom was amazing, huge shower, spa bath, two sinks and great toiletries. Bed was very comfortable, although after nearly 24 hours of travelling, anything would have been comfy! Bedroom has a TV hidden in the desk, press a button and up it pops!It is a bit of a walk from the suites to the Strip - 15mins maybe. The walk is all indoors though and I always felt safe, even when walking on my own. We stayed in the MGM on another night of our stay and definately won't be doing that again, despite it being closer! The Signature suite are just so much nicer and more comfortable. Being a bit further from the strip also meant it was a lot quieter, which was nice.We weren't sure if housekeeping was included as we hadn't booked through the MGM directly, but it appeared to be. The suite was tidied each day while we were out.The only minor gripes I had were the lack of a kettle - coffee makers do not make water hot enough for tea and not everyone drinks coffee - and the shop in the reception area of tower 1. One of the main benefits of a suite is having a kitchen and being able to have breakfast before going out for the day (especially when you don't eat eggs and every US breakfast has eggs in it!) The shop only sold snacks, crisps and fizzy drinks. i thought it should have had basic breakfast supplies - milk, bread, butter, juice etc..Overall, I though the rooms were lovely and would definately stay there again.	
Oct 10 2009 	Loved The Signature	My partner and I spent a very happy week at the Signature at the end of September.I'd read many great reviews and had high expectations, but was still surprised at how wonderful this place is.I'd booked 9 months before our visit. In that time the price had dropped twice. A phone call to them secured us the lower price without any argument at all. Also when they introduced a $300 credit toward food and spa services, again a quick phone call was all it took to for us to receive it.We stayed in a Junior Suite on the 31st floor of tower 1. As others have said, the suite was lovely. Everything we needed was there.We used the pool and the gym, and everything was spot on.I must say that by the end of the week, the 7 or 8 minute walk to the casino at the MGM was getting a bit annoying. But it was a small price to pay for staying at such a wonderful property.The atmosphere did change on the weekend, as the place seemed to be overrun by drunken youngsters, but I guess that could be said of just about anywhere on the Strip.I would definitely stay here again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to others.	
Oct 10 2009 	Let down by disappointing service!	We stayed for 3 nights at The Signature which we had chosen over the many hotels on offer in Vegas, we were aware that some rooms were managed by different companies so chose to book direct with MGM, the resort fee added which was not optional promised 'extras' in the room coffee, mineral water, internet and daily newspaper. These items I would expect in the room price for a hotel of this standard and not charged extra. Hasten to say the newspaper never materialised ( found out later you had to collect form the bell desk daily!!!), the coffee and water we had to chase via housekeeping daily as it was never placed in the room after service. Even after requesting this took an hour to arrive at the room. The service in the morning also did not replace the towels even after they were left on the floor indicating a change required, instead they were left thrown over the bath and shower stall to dry out not even on the towel racks. We stayed in Tower 3 which appears to be a bit of an overflow tower during the week pool closed and no other amenities to mention in this tower as compared to the other towers in the complex, this also appeared to be the case by the staff presence at reception, when I went to give them feedback on the evening prior to our departure, although very polite I felt the duty manager was insincere and not really interested in our feedback, she did comp us one nights resort fee ($20 plus tax etc) but felt this should have been for every night or the hotel should review this and include in the room price in the future as these are not extras..... for a so called 5 star property! To give credit where it is due the rooms are great size and amenity wise, the hotel reception areas in all towers very stylish. Would like to make mention of Mary Ellen on the concierge desk who assisted us in getting fantastic seats at the cirque du soleil show O, she promised us a show to remember and she was right!!!! The highlight of our stay.	
Oct 9 2009 	Wedding/Honeymoon Bliss	We chose the Signature at MGM Grand based on the reviews here on TA. We were looking for a hotel that was non-smoking, and that would serve as a romantic choice for our honeymoon. We absolutely made the right choice.We were scheduled to stay in Tower 3, but were allowed to check into Tower 1, which is closer to MGM Grand (yay). We mentioned our marriage plans and Michael the desk clerk set us up with the best Jr. Suite available: penthouse level on the 37th (of 38) floor with a balcony and great view.As we were taking pics and checking out the room amenities, we were surprised by a ring of the doorbell (yes there's a doorbell). Mike the bellman delivered our bags about an hour after checking in, he even got ice for us. He asked about the reason for our trip and we mentioned we were getting married and he congratulated us. He was super friendly and polite. After unpacking a little, we went to take a nap and were surprised by another ring of the doorbell. It was a gift of chocolate-covered strawberries from Mike the bellman!! We were so surprised and excited. They tasted amazing. We've never been to a hotel where even the bellmen were so thoughtful. The kitchenette had a coffee maker, toaster, blender, stove, microwave, refrigerator, and all the necessary dishes and utensils. The safe, in the closet, was big enough to hold our 13&quot; laptop and other valuables. The iPod clock radio came in handy when it was time for us to have our first dance as Man &amp; Wife. The hotel was very clean and had a wonderful atmosphere. Can't tell you how many times we stepped out onto the balcony to enjoy the view. The deli, Delights, located in Tower 2 has fantastic apple turnovers and breakfast calzones, as well as a super nice staff.We had a great time honeymooning in Vegas! We are already planning our next trip to Sin City and there's no question we will be staying at the Signature.	
Oct 9 2009 	Probably The Best Las Vegas Stays Ever!	We got an AMAZING deal on a Jr. Suite at the MGM Signature... $105/nt (+$20 resort fee) for the Labor Day weekend Saturday and Sunday. Also unbenounced to us, we had a $24 comp towards the hotel cafe... nice deal!What a hotel! Requested a high floor, balcony, and Strip View; received the 38th (TOP!) floor, balcony and a perfect view of the Strip and mountains to the west. The bed was extremely comfy; the bathroom with 2-person jacuzzi, separate large shower, dual sinks and separate toilet room were amazing!The pool(s), three to choose from, had great bar service; piped-in music and less than crazy people environment. A perfect departure for those who love Vegas but want a luxury hotel without the noise.We will DEFINITELY go back!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Fine hotel disappointing service	This was my first visit to the Signature. I choose it for my 40th birthday celebration for my friends and family. Originally I booked three nights, then the fourth night separately. While at the hotel, I upgraded the fourth night. Brian at the front desk offered credits to all my resort fees. Upon check-out I was given a final bill of $78.40. The next day I checked my credit card on-line to find that an additional $134.10 was charged by the Signature. I called to request a detail and received what could be described as a swindle. No resort fee credits and an incomplete accounting. This is unacceptable. I bring business to them for a happy occasion, I want to recommend the resort to the many friends that visit vegas, and this is what I get.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful strip hotel all the amenities of home and more	Went to Vegas to celebrate my husband's 40th and had our 3 children with us too.We had a 1 bedroom suite. Wonderful space. Everything in kitchen to prepare quick meals and warm up for the kids. Clean hotel inside and out. Parking/valet and front desk staff was very courteous and helpful. We had a 3 night stay and enjoyed a $75 food/bev credit which was very convenient since we were able to use at the MGM also. MGM was close but not far either (10-15 minute indoor walk with moving walkways) with 24 hour dining and a great variety for our young family. Would definitely stay there again. Great for the kids not having to walk into a hotel with tons of people outside or walking through a smoky lobby/casino.	
Oct 8 2009 	very comfortable hotel with a few issues	My girlfriend and I recently spent a week here at the Signature MGM Grand in Las Vegas as part of a birthday treat. We arrived on the Saturday at 3pm and were looking forward to checking in to our suite. When we arrived we were told by a receptionist(who was quite rude) that our room wasn't ready yet. On questioning she tried to put us in another room which was a wheelchair accessible room. We had requested a room with a strip view and a jacuzzi bath.. We did find her to be very rude and unpleasant. However after waiting for 90 minutes we finally had our room. The room was very comfortable with exceptional views over Las Vegas and the Strip. The bathrooms were amazing with TV's beside the hand basins, a very large mirror, double shower and a twin jacuzzi bath The rooms were very comfortable with a massive bed( one of the cosiest ive ever slept in) with soft comforters and pillows. There was plenty of coffee making facilities and the kitchenette was very well stocked with utillities. The downside of the hotel is the amount of walking involved. The distance from our room to the MGM Grand Strip entrance was an average of 20 minute walk each way. The Buffet was very well stocked with a huge variety of foods, including sushi, fruit, and deserts.The buffet attendants were very efficient and were happy to oblige when requested.However we did have a number of issues with some of the receptionists within the Tower 3. When asked a number of questions we found 1 particular individual to be arrogant and obnoxious, while we found another to be distracted and uninterested in a query we had regarding our resort credit.We found the Valet attendants to be very efficient and helpful each time we needed our car.If you plan on staying here, I recommend you stay in Tower 1, unless you like walking.Another issue we had was with Housekeeping. As part of the rate, we were charged a further $20 per day resort fee. This we were told was to cover daily bottled water in our room, daily newspapers delivered internet in each suite and WIFI. We attempted to use the internet 1 night (just to check emails) and were informed that we would have to pay a further €10.99 just to use internet, which we were being charged for already. On another occasion we had to inform reception that we did not have our room cleaned at all 1 day , we also recieved no fresh bathroom amenities on a number of ocasions.Good hotel but extra charges and taxes add up	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful hotel but staff is not always knowlegeable or polite	My family and I had reservations at MGM Grand, but because there was a Best Buy convention, we were upgraded to MGM Signature. It is a 10 minute walk from Signature to MGM Grand but for the peace and quiet of Signature it was worth it. The mini suites are nicely decorated, have all kitchen amenities, including microwave, fridge, stove, utensils, pots, and dinnerware. The bathrooms are upscale, including all the toiletries. Though, there has something to be said for the front desk staff. They are not all knowlegeable or polite. At checkout, we noticed that there were charges on our room from the free buffet that was included in our MGM Grand pkg. The front desk girl didn't know anything about it and asked another front desk girl to figure it out for her. She looked at the bill and told us that the food had been deducted. We knew better than that. She then got rude and told us that she could not do anything else about it. $400 is alot to me, so my family and I drove to MGM Grand to straighten it out. Of course we waited in line forever because it is such a huge hotel and it was checkout time. The girl at the front desk called her mgr. She told us that we had to go back to Signature to take off the charges. We then went back and when we got up to the front desk, a more pleasant girl was there to help us. She got on the phone and I assumed that she called MGM Grand. She then immediately apologized and took off the buffet charges. Luckily, we made it on time to return our rental vehicle and catch our flight.	
Oct 8 2009 	Best place I've ever stayed in Vegas!	We stayed at the MGM Signature Tower 3 and highly recommend it. The signature has its own check in, pools, and cafes, but you also can use the pools at MGM. We rented through VRBO and I really appreciated that you could call MGM Signature and confirm your reservation (I'm always nervous not booking with the hotel directly). Signature if connected to MGM by moving walkways, not a bad walk at all. Also, if you stay in Tower 3, you can just walk down Harmon Ave and there is a side entrance for the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood, and be right on the strip.	
Oct 8 2009 	comfortable clean nice service even in family unfriendly las vegas	stayed in a one bedroom suite (booked directly through the hotel) for $209/night for 2 nights which included a free bottle of wine and $50 resort credit. i was travelling with my husband and two boys both under 6. the unit we stayed in was very clean, nice big bathrooms. everyone we spoke to in the hotel (valet, concierge, front desk) were all very helpful sans attitude and really acted like they cared that you picked their hotel instead of somewhere else. we started our vacation in san diego and used vegas as a segue to zion national park. 2 nights and 3 days of relaxing at the mgm grand pools (very helpful lifeguards, drinks tasted okay but expensive) and eating at the mgm restaurants. we ate at pearl (fancy chinese) and diego (fancy mexican) both very good but pricey for a &quot;family&quot; dinners. i will stay here again for the non-gaming, non-smoking and excellent customer service. i won't be bringing my kids back to vegas if i can help it though.	
Oct 8 2009 	Terrible customer service	One thing clouded this trip, the terrible customer service we received after getting food poisoning from one of their restaurants. They seemed so terrified that we would sue that they didn't even apologise. We travelled in a group to a wedding and the only person that did not get ill was the only person that did not eat with us! I actually received some quite rude emails on my return clarifying that I did not wish to process a claim. UNBELIEVABLE!	
Oct 7 2009 	awesome hotel	by far the best hotel i've stayed at in vegas. breathtaking views of the strip from our room on the 40th floor. jacazzi tub with flat screen tv wow!!!!!!!!!!! the staff was very friendly and no wait time to check in. gorgeous hotel and amazing price. love love love. will definitely be back in the spring:)	
Oct 7 2009 	A fantastic experience!	I just returned from 5 nights in Vegas and stayed in the Signature at MGM Grand. I did quite a bit of research online, and read many reviews at this site, before deciding on this hotel.I agree with many reviews on this site that this hotel really is fantastic. Located in 3 towers behind MGM Grand, you are situated right off the strip. Much has been mentioned on here about the distance to the strip, but we had no problems. Our room was located in Tower 3, 27th floor, and we could reach the strip within about 10 minutes.I checked in at the airport, which I found very convenient. Our flight was in at 9am, and I was glad to know that our room was ready! We taxied to the hotel and were in our room by 10:30!!!We were in a Junior Suite with balcony. The room was well appointed, very clean, and the strip view was fantastic!!! The amenities were great, as was the spacious room and bathroom. We both enjoyed the jacuzzi tub.Housekeeping did a great job! We never saw them, but they managed to keep the room very clean.We spent two days poolside. Ozzy at the Tower 2 pool took good care of us, and quickly helped with poolside drinks and food.Taxi service was quick and efficient, as was check-out.Service was splendid! I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. I would definitely stay again, and recommend it to all.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great living experience for both young and old	I did my research on Las Vegas hotels, and the Signature at MGM Grand just suited our needs. We wanted to have a suite with a decent kitchenette, a room that's reasonable &amp; nicely furnished, and a hotel that's close to the Strip and yet, far enough from the crowd and casinos. We found all this at the Signature MGM Grand.We visited a lot of hotels for sightseeing during our stay, and most of them had casinos in them. They were smokey, and had huge crowds. Staying at these hotels would mean going through the casinos all day. You will not find this scene at the Signature. The hotel was well kept, clean, and classy. Staff were helpful and courteous. My husband particularly enjoys the valet parking service - which was great and quick. We never had to wait more than 5 mins for our car to arrive.The hotel is away from the Strip, but yet it's walking distance to the main core. The connecting corridor is enclosed and air-conditioned, with automatic walkways in some sections. Our kids really enjoyed the &quot;KA&quot; show that was conveniently showing at the hotel. We were staying at Tower 2, and the pool was nice, clean, and tranquil - unlike the main pool at the MGM Grand.Our parents enjoyed the stay at the hotel too as it was convenient for morning walks to the Strip, and tranquil enough for afternoon naps at the hotel.Apart from the road work that's going on in the area, we really enjoyed our stay at the Signature MGM Grand, and would highly recommend this hotel to any families or individuals who want a quiet and nice experience, and yet close enough to all amenities and excitement !!	
Oct 5 2009 	Hidden Gem with MGM	You get to enjoy all the benefits of being connected to the larger MGM side, including its pools, lounges, casino, and bars. But you can also get away to Signature and use it's pools and spas to lounge the day away. Yes it out of the main street, but take the Skyway or even easier walk 8 minutes around the back away and you are at the Planet Hollywood plaza. Oh ya it's non-smoking if that's your thing, and in Vegas that's no easy to come by.	
Oct 5 2009	Great Place but LOTS of walking...	I stayed here with my Mom and sister from Sept. 28-Oct. 2/09. Airport checkin is great, you can get hotel shuttle tickets at checkin desk and they bring your bags out for you. Very secure, shuttle driver had to give our name to guard at property gate before entering. Beautiful 29th floor junior suite, king bed and pullout sofa. Loved having a balcony, spent much time out there taking in the gorgeous view but would be nicer if there were chairs instead of having to stand. These suites must be intended for just 2 people, our request for a 3rd coffee cup and another robe was ignored. It was very clean, had jacuzzi tub and walk in shower. The biggest drawback is the walk to and from the hotel. We didn't find it too hard when we were starting out in the morning, but coming back tired after a long day or evening of activities it seemed to take forever to get to our room. Depending on which of the 3 towers you are in, it takes several minutes and at least 2 'moving sidewalks' before you get to the MGM Grand entrance. This is the only way to enter/leave the hotel property on foot. It brings you out at the MGM 'Studio Walk' which is near the food court and the monorail but if you want to walk outside you have to walk through the casino. If you are going back to the Signature, you must use your room key to unlock the connecting door. We enjoyed our stay but if we booked there again would probably try to get a room in tower 1 to minimize that long trek.	
Oct 3 2009 	Still the Best	We've stayed in Tower 1 before so we again selected a one bedroom suite there. We love the upscale apartment feel, especially having 2 bathrooms.We registered at the airport which was fast, easy, the people were friendly and we will definitely take advantage of that again. We do not recommend taking the shuttle from the airport. It took an hour for the guy to tag our bags and walk us outside to wait for the airport shuttle to then get to the hotel. We later realized we paid more to do that than to pay for a cab. Our cab ride, for 2 people, from the hotel back to the airport cost $15, including the tip.The distance from the Signature into the MGM Grand may seem far depending on your mobility. I hurt my ankle the 2nd day there and it felt a lot furthur being in pain than it did the day before when I was pain free. Even with that I would stay at the Signature again as everything about it is perfect. They have plenty of cabs outside the lobby if you don't want to walk anywhere.We ate most of our meals at the Studio Cafe located inside the MGM Grand. They have downsized their menu due to the economy bringing fewer people (according to a manager) but we still loved it. The food is wonderful both in quality and quantity. Be sure to ask if they have any specials before you order. And if you go for breakfast between 6 - 8am ask for the Grand Breakfast special. You'll save $6 off the cost. We were there at that time ~ due to our time zone/ body clock difference ~ but didn't know about the special so we paid full price for not mentioning it in advance. Everything we ordered was delicious and counted toward our $75 resort credit. The fish and chips were great and the chocolate milk shake that came with the burger sliders was the best we'd ever had.We saw 2 shows. 'The Jersey Boys' we bought tickets from the concierge. The seats were great and we loved the show. It is an older crowd that was there maybe because Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons belonged to that generation. We loved it but we're not sure our children would love it quite as much. But we highly recommend it.The other show was the Cirque Du Soleil 'Beatles - Love' we bought tickets from a discount place close the MGM called 'Tix 4 Tonight'. We saved money and got good seats. However, you need to know that when they give you the voucher for the show you have to take it to the box office in advance and they assign the seating there; which means you will either walk or taxi over costing you time or money the morning of the show. If you don't get there as early as possible there is a possibility that you won't get 2 or more seats together. It worked great for us and we loved the show! The Tix 4 Tonight office is right by the giant Coke bottle by a place called Gameworks just a block down from MGM.We also went to the Titanic exhibit using Tix 4 Tonight voucher and had no problem walking up and using it immediately. The exhibit is really interesting and I still can't believe I saw a real portion of the ship.My husband said that although he likes Las Vegas it wasn't very nice to him. When he came home and paid $10 for milk and bread he said it was nice to get something for his money instead of the guy just taking it and giving nothing in return like happened this trip. However, when he decides to forgive Las Vegas, and we come back, we will stay at this wonderful, clean, quiet, upscale place with a great staff. We would highly recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 1 2009 	awsome first impresson of vegas	This was a great first trip to Vegas and my girlfriend and I decided we will not stay anywhere else but the signature on our next of many visits. We stayed in a junior suite in tower 3 on the 22nd floor with a strip view which was fabulous. The room was very well appointed and the bathroom exceeded expectations the pictures on the signature website do not do the room justice it is much better in person. The walk to the strip is about 10 minutes in air-conditioned comfort or you can take a short cut (about 5 min) from the tower 3 exit and walk down Harmon. We visited many of the hotels on the strip during our visit and liked the peace and quiet of the Signature after a crazy day/night of Vegas life. The staff is very friendly and check-in and check-out were quick and easy. If you are looking to experience all Vegas has to offer and a place to escape the madness when needed the Signature is it.	
Sep 30 2009 	One Year Later It's Still The Tops!	My wife and I stayed at this 38 story condo hotel in 9/08 and returned last week with Mom and Sis. The Signature is still my fav place to stay in Vegas, a &quot;world within a world&quot;, connected to MGM by a covered walkway with a people mover escalator (just minutes from hotel to MGM). It's quiet, peaceful and smoke and gambling-free, although you can have all that minutes away.  The 3 building complex (we were in building #3 the furthest from MGM but, again, a leisurely stroll) has its own Starbucks, lounge, breakfast cafe and pool. Rooms are plush plush and completely outfitted for cooking if you desire to. The most comfortable bed I ever slept in. Request high up and balcony, we were 27th floor and a view of the strip. Only beef was their business center bills $1/minute for use of computer to confirm flight, that's chintzy. Otherwise AAA!	
Sep 30 2009 	Amazing experience Will never stay anywhere else again!	This hotel is truly amazing!Upon arrival, the property is very secure and they know you are arriving. Every single staff member calls you by your last name, and so friendly! I really want to emphasize how friendly and helpful the staff is. We stayed in Tower 2, which is the romance tower (and the best in my opinion). There is a wall of rose petals and fresh flowers everywhere! They infuse the lobby with a flower scent!We stayed in a one bedroom suite. It was HUGE! The bathrooms were just amazing the kitchen has top of line appliances. We enjoyed the view of our private pool, although we did not get a chance to experience it. deliGHTS, the restaurant in the lobby was amazing. It was like a fine dining paradise bakery. We ate there everyday. It was about $12 a plate but that included a sandwhich and side... definately large enough to share. There is a skywalk to the other towers and to MGM Grand. We enjoyed the Starbucks in tower 1.We also went to the MGM Wet Republic Pool party. It was an awesome time!! Drinks are well overpriced but if you have all girls its pretty easy to get free drinks. ;) We were very impressed by the private exit for Signature guests.	
Sep 28 2009 	Luxury Close to the Srip	Stayed at the Signature from 11-14 Sept 09. Booked through WestJet Vacations, and got the Signature for less than the basic MGM Grand would have been.We were immediately greeted by a bellman who opened the car door for us, and whisked our luggage away, no need for us to worry about it. After we checked in, we went up to the room, where the bellman met us with our luggage, and gave us a rundown of the hotel, the room and the available amenities. We had a 'strip view' room (through an entire wall of windows), but since the hotel is actually off strip, we could only really see Planet Hollywood, PH Westgate, Miracle Mile Shops and the Monte Carlo. You could see more toward the strip than the actual strip. This was from the 23rd floor in Tower 2.The hotel itself was amazing. We chose it mainly because it was completely smoke free and non-gaming. Since we don't smoke, nor were we there to gamble, this was perfect for us. If you want to go through the building to get to the Strip, you do need to go through the MGM Grand casino, but we found that this was part of the fun. If we hadn't gone through, we never would have seen the lions in the Casino, nor would we have gone through Studio Walk. People have said it takes too long to get from the Signature to the Strip, but taking this route (from Tower 2) it only took us about 10 mins (mind you, we're both military, and hate slow walkers, so we might be faster than others). It would be a bit longer from Tower 3, and shorter from Tower 1. Eventually, we started going straight out the Signature lobby and taking Harmon Ave to Miracle Mile Shops, which was about the same, it just meant we didn't have to go through the smoke filled casino.When we checked in, the girl we had at the front desk (Kim) couldn't have been more helpful. She told us about her favourite shows, how to navigate the hotel (and how to get to the MGM Grand), and even hunted down a &quot;Vegas 2 Go&quot; guide for us, which gives you maps and lists all the attractions and restaurants in the area.The concierge in Tower 1 is great, they'll give recommendations for restaurants, print off menus for any of the MGM restaurants (whether at Signature or any of the other MGM owned hotel/casinos). They'll even recommend cheaper areas to get tickets (ie: Tix4Tonight).Housekeeping was great. When we stayed the first night, there was a stain on the sheets, so we asked them to change it, and it was done no problem before we got back. They organized all of our stuff (toiletries and the like) on washcloths, and made sure everything was as if it was the first night we were staying there.All of the rooms in the hotel have a kitchenette (ours was equipped with a stovetop, microwave, blender, bar fridge and coffeemaker, as well as any utensils, dishes, glassware and pots and pans you might need) , which would be nice for a long stay, or for those not wanting to eat out everyday, but we never used it since we were only there for a short time. The bar fridge was useful though, and the free water each day was nice, although they only provide small bottles (I think they were 325ml).The 'Do Not Disturb' and 'Housekeeping Required' buttons were nice too. Instead of a door hanger, you just push the button in your room, and it lights up a small sign outside of the room. And if you find the hallways too loud (we never really heard anything, but in case there's a rowdy bunch outside), every two rooms have another door outside of the two of them that you can close, which can only be unlocked by the keys to those two rooms. Just gives an added bit of privacy.We stayed in a King room, the bed was extremely comfortable. There was also a little office area by the window with a table and two chairs, free wireless (included under the $20 resort fee), plugs built into the table to plug in your laptop, a little couch and armchair, coffee table, and a flat screen TV mounted to the wall with a DVD player. The bathroom was absolutely huge, with a giant Jacuzzi tub (amazing for soaking your feet and back after walking on the strip all day), a separate glassed in shower (though there could be more pressure), two sinks, a magnified vanity mirror and a separate room with the toilet. There was also a small TV in the bathroom and a phone in with the toilet (we're not sure why...).Inside the lighted closet we found two oversized robes (which were linen as opposed to cotton, which means that even with bleaching, they still stay very soft) and a safe quite a bit larger than those in other hotels we had stayed in. Also, you get to program your own combination into it, rather than worrying about losing a key.When we go back, we'll definitely be staying at the Signature again, especially considering it's less than some of the more basic hotels.Oh, I almost forgot. While we were staying there, CSI: The Experience opened, and the entire cast was staying at the Signature, which, I think, is a pretty good recommendation for the hotel in itself (we actually saw the actor that plays Greg while we were checking in).	
Sep 27 2009 	Awesome hotel!!! but you will walk alot!	Amazing, amazing hotel! From check in to check out...they were nothing but polite and amazing!One morning,we forgot to turn our housekeeping light on. So when my husband called the front desk,explaining that we had dinner plans in a few hours,and needed clean towels, they were very accomodating. We went back out for about an hour,and by the time we returned,our room was clean!Also,unlike other hotels, when the little bottle of bath gel given to us was almost empty,they left a brand new one!! The bath gel makes great bubbles in the tub!! Just dont use too much like i did!The coffee was mediocre in the room,but there's a starbucks in tower 1, and a really good breakfast/lunch spot in tower 2.I would totally recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to feel spoiled and relaxed,while still enjoying the hustle and bustle of the strip. You will have to walk through the entire mgm hotel to get to the strip, so just bring comfy shoes!	
Sep 27 2009 	Great Alternative	Just got back from a 4 day stay at The Signature and I must say, it was a great alternative to other Las Vegas strip hotels and the chaos that goes with them. I had Jr suite that was comfortable and made for a nice retreat after a full day out. The bathroom was huge with a seperate whiripool tub and a large. glass enclosed shower. I was in tower 3, which has the longest walk to reach the strip. So if you can, tower 1 would be the choice. Please be be advised that E Harmon Ave is currently under construction, so that may impact your plans to stay here. However, I didn't think it was a big deal. I stayed at Paris on my previous trip to Vegas and I think that the Signature compares favorably in many areas. My only real complaint is the $20 + tax per day resort fee that many of the hotels are going to. I also would have liked to have had the choice to self park rather than be forced to use the valet service. So in addition to paying the resort fee, you're constantly tipping the valet each time you have to get your car. All in all, I would certainly stay there again.	
Sep 27 2009 	Absolutely amazing. Elegant surroundings with very attentive 	We stayed in a one bedrooom condo for 7 nights &amp; the service was absolutely amazing!!! The doormen were very polite &amp; accomodating. It's nice not to be bugged by housekeeping staff. We did need to call a few times as we didn't know how to drain the tub &amp; a lightbulb was out. They were very polite &amp; answered our questions courteously. Eating &amp; drinking while relaxing at the pool was the best. It was a bit crowded on fight day, but there's a separate pool for relaxation that wasn't crowded at all. We hated to come back &amp; even though we aren't gamblers, are looking forward to coming back soon. The hotel is beautiful &amp; the walk isn't bad because there's a back way to the strip. I like the fact that it's peaceful &amp; not in the middle of all of the hub bub &amp; drunk/obnoxious people.	
Sep 26 2009 	Luxurious accommodation in excellent location	My husband, daughter and I have just returned from a 12 night stay here and I can only add to all the other positive reviews on this site. We stayed in a beautiful one-bedroom suite booked directly through an owner who was brilliant and so helpful. We had originally booked with another owner who foreclosed on the property and retained the full balance of our payment. He cancelled our reservation and left us with no accommodation with only 2 weeks to our arrival! As we were having to repay the whole amount again, we needed to try and keep the cost reasonable (hence not booking directly with MGM as the prices were extremely high) so took a chance and re-booked with an alternative owner who had received positive reviews and we couldn't have been more satisfied.The suite was magnificent with ample room for the three of us. It included a dishwasher and washer/drier as well as all the other usual kitchen appliances. We never actually cooked any food in the suite but it was nice to be able to make our own coffee etc. and also to keep drinks and sandwiches in the huge fridge. We had a massive en-suite bathroom plus a small bathroom with shower. The suite was a corner Penthouse with great views from three big windows. The pools here are relaxing and quiet (busier at the weekend) with comfortable loungers and heaps of soft towels.The front-desk staff are really pleasant and helpful and check-in was easy and straightforward. The walk to the casino at MGM Grand is not too bad at all and the walk along Harmon Avenue to Planet Hollywood is also a good alternative in the opposite direction. All the positive comments have already been posted on this site but, if anyone has any questions, please feel free to ask and I would also be happy to pass on the e-mail address of the person I booked with if anyone would like to send a private message (although we are planning to return next year so maybe I should keep quiet or all the dates will be taken!)	
Sep 26 2009 	Relaxing and clean with a great bed and kitchen facilities.	Third time here and still the best value in Vegas. The walk is good exercise, but not something to look forward to at the end of the day. But once you get back to the room you feel safe and calm.Service has declined on a couple of points. Resort fee is $20 but the inroom directory still says it is $15. You are supposed to get a newspaper every day, but nobody did as far as we could see. And as the other reviewer says you will have to find your own tea. I guess Vegas does not have many foreigners visit. The trick is to walk up the road to Walgreens and buy some tea bags and milk. While your at it, get some breakfast cereal and bread and butter. There is a toaster in the room. Use the microwave to heat the water for the tea, not the coffee maker. The Buffet at MGM is not as good as it used to be. Far less choices. Other Buffets are better. Maybe Ballys.We ate at Studio Cafe MGM which is good. We asked for English Breakfast tea. It did not exist.Only Earl Grey.(yuk) Funny thing is, right at the entrance to the Cafe is Starbucks, who have English Breakfast Tea. Now how hard would it be for the server to go 20' to Starbucks and swap some Earl Grey for some English Breakfast. DUH. Needless to say we did not tip.Public transport costs have gone up. The Monorail is great for accessing places up the strip( and less distance to walk to Signature ) But plan your time. Single one trip Monorail fare each is $5. Buy a pass and use it wisely.Still these are little things that would not put us off staying at Signature again. Just be better prepared.And book ahead. The room rate went up after we booked due to a newly scheduled boxing match.	
Sep 26 2009 	A gorgeous oasis amidst the madness of Vegas but tea drinkers beware...	Stayed at Signature recently when we went to Vegas to get married. Hotel and room were everything they said they'd be. I didn't realise until I saw alot of the other hotels what a bonus and a novelty a balcony was. Ours gave us a good view of the strip and mountains surrounding Vegas. What we particularly liked was the way Signature was set back off The Strip (though still easy walk) and we could retreat back to a calm sanctuary for a while before throwing ourselves into the melee again. The MGM itself turned out to be a really good place to eat and cut our gambling teeth (the dealers were very patient and understanding!).The only (minor) criticism I can throw at Signature is the tea/coffee thing. You're only allowed 1 sachet (i.e. cup) of coffee per day, and tea drinkers are completely overlooked. There was no kettle, only a tiny sachet of loose tea that looked like it had been there since the hotel opened. As someone who needs a decent cup of tea several times a day, and fully aware that Americans just don't get the tea thing, I'd taken my own stash. Fellow tea drinkers are strongly advised to do the same. Will pack the travel kettle too next time to avoid battle of boiling water in the coffee maker. Apart from that the room was perfect.Staff were all helpful, friendly and polite. However, I do find it a bit gauling being expected to tip everyone just for doing their job with a smile, but appreciate the English are as unaccustomed to tipping as the Americans are to making a decent cup of tea! Live and learn!	
Sep 25 2009 	Top quality hotel close to all of the "major" casino's	Great quality hotel in Vegas. True you need to walk 10-15 minutes to the strip but thats Vegas for you. You need to walk, and walk, and walk everywhere for miles. 5-10 minutes to the MGM Grand via walkways but you have access to you pool as well as MGM Grand's magnificent pool area as well. Great restaurants and facilities inside MGM Grand. Two disappointing things about Vegas - costly ATM fees and food was expensive. Servicing of rooms, service and cleanliness were great at the hotel. Tower pools were small but quiet. Hotel room in tower 1 was a penthouse suite - 1 room suite for our 4 person family and 1 hotel room for the inlaws who stayed with us. Worked well - separate living areas and sleeping areas. Suggest asking for tower 1 upper levels if you can. Rooms were spacious and well furnished. All I can say when we return we will be staying at the Signature - great experience.	
Sep 24 2009 	Loved it here!	We came to Las Vegas at the end of our trip for five nights. This is a lovely place to stay as it is away from the madness of Las Vegas yet not too far away. We drove to Las Vegas from San Francisco, the entrance was a little bit tricky to find because there was quite a few road works but once you find it there is a private gated entrance and a valet to take your car from you. Check in was a breeze and we were put on the 38th floor which is the top floor and it is very high!!The room was huge, very clean and had more than we could have wanted. The bed is huge, there is a shower and a jacuzzi bath, two sinks and even a tv in the bathroom. There is a kitchen with plates, pans etc but we didn't use anything as we went out everyday. We were in Tower 2 so it was about a five minute walk to the main MGM Grand and there are moving walkways and then it's probably another five minutes to the strip but don't let that put you off it really isn't that far. The monorail station is just after you come out of the signature into the MGM but we didn't use it. You need to have your room card to get access back into the Signature which is good. There are a choice of pools to use, we used the Tower 2 pool and the river pool at the MGM Grand. The river pool is a must. There is a $20 daily charge which covers water in your room etc but there is also water and towels for use by all the pools. At the beginning of your stay it is a good idea to go and see the Concierge in Tower 1 as they can advise you on the best places to go, book restaurants, shows etc. We went to see Peepshow while we were there which is a really good show but is exactly what it says it is which went down well with my boyfriend!! The strip is quite a long walk but there is a bus called the Deuce which goes up and down the strip 24 hours a day and it is $7 for 24 hours.	
Sep 24 2009 	Best Place to Stay in Vegas - And You Can Get a Great Rate from BlueChipVegas.com	I have now stayed in all three towers of the Signature at MGM Grand. The reason is simple. This is, by far, the best place to stay in Las Vegas!The rooms are suites. They are huge. Their decoration is similar to an upscale apartment - so there are no generic pictures on the walls. Also, there are extremely soft linens and pillows on the bed, balconies, flatscreen televisions, and ... jacuzzis!All that - and the kicker is that you get access to all the amenities of the regular MGM Grand because the Signature is affiliated. So you can also cut in line at the MGM Buffet and get instant access to the Spa.All in all, I find it is the best of all worlds: luxurious, comfortable, and practical.Finally, I can honestly say that I have gotten three great deals from Blue Chip Vegas to stay in their suites (once during the month of June and twice in September). So I definitely recommend Peter and his crew to you. And I'll be happy to answer any questions you may have.	
Sep 24 2009 	This hotel has style and service without the LV bling.	I booked this hotel to celebrate a special birthday with my grown up family, based on feedback from travellers. I have stayed in three of the top LV strip hotels before, each of which has had merits, but the Signature is new and different.The entrance to Signature is rather plain but check-in was painless apart from the $20+tax pn resort fee per room. The valet parking worked a treat and the bellman brought up my bags in minutes.A real bonus is that there is no ground level casino area to negotiate which suits me.I had a one bedroon suite which had a huge bedroom with a pop up flatscreen TV in the desk and a small flat screen in the bathroom. The bathroom was the size of a normal double room with a twin berth jacuzzi separate washbasins and a huge shower. The lounge was well furnished with another flat screen TV, tables and chairs as well as a large sofa bed. The lounge had its own en suite and wet room type shower.What luxury...........The kitchen area is as good as it gets. Really good quality equipment , dishwasher, hob, microwave and fridge freezer. Villeroy and Bosh crockery, fine glasses and top quality cutlery and tools.Really, I could live there!There was small balcony which caught the sun in the morning. The only downside was that the views from our lounge and bedroom windows faced the mountains rather than the strip, but hey, no problem really.The Signature towers are located on the back side of the MGM Grand and it involves a short walk and use of a travelator to get to the MGM and then the strip. We used taxis or our rental car mainly to get around.East Harmon Avenue is undergoing major construction so the traffic flow is horrendous meaning that you have to use all sorts of rat runs through the strip hotel back lots otherwise you will be stuck for ages on Harmon or Koval. (September 2009)The pool in tower 2 was lovely and not too busy. We got loungers easily and could have paid extra for a cabana if needed, but why hide in a tent when the sun is out?I tipped the room maid on day 1 and got great service all week as a result.Eating is limited to the Deli at the Signature, Tower 2, but the MGM eateries are close by.We had dinner in the Stratosphere Revolving Restaurant which we all enjoyed, especially the changing view. One revolution every 70 minutes. Count on $60 to 70 per head plus drinks!We also booked a junior suite for 2 of the family, which was a scaled down version of my One bedroom suite without the separate room and a slightly smaller kitchen.The $20 pn resort fee covers parking, use of a great fitness centre, free wi-fi and a paper which is OK, but it should have been in the up front price, not sneaked in as an extra. Also I like to tip the Valet, so keep a pocket full of bucks handy.Our favourite Mexican resaurant was Lindos Micocan on East Desert Inn Rd. We tried a few but try this first.I cannot recommend this hotel enough. However if you want a casino built in, think again.	
Sep 24 2009 	MGM Signature - excellent accommodation	Just returned from an excellent stay for 7 nights at the MGM Signature. Lovely all-suite accommodation. Huge bed and large bathroom with large walk-in shower and jacuzzi tub. The kitchenette was very useful, especially the fridge to put all those bottles of water in and microwave which was very handy for warming up pizza slices! There is a Walgreens and CVS Pharmacy not too far away. Hotel is linked up to the MGM Grand by an enclosed walkway. It provided a nice peaceful retreat away from the the noise of the main Strip. The service was excellent and we would definitely stay there again if we return to Vegas in the future.	
Sep 23 2009 	Worthy of the positive reviews	I booked a 4 night stay here at the end of a 2 week tour round California after reading the positive reviews and the hotel itself did not disappoint. The rooms are large and well appointed and its nice to have a hotel with no casino to walk through at the front entrance. The three towers which make up the signature are connected to the MGM grand by a series of corridors and walkways which is a good as its welcome way of keeping out of the heat. It does takes the best part of 20 minutes to walk from tower 3 to the entrance of the MGM on the strip but to be honest it was quite nice to be a bit further away. Whilst there is no restaurant for evening meals in the Signature there are a number in MGM Grand (we visited Craftsteak and Fiamma which were both good) there is a little deli which serves nice breakfast and lunch which is good quality for a reasonable price.Would recommend the hotel to anyone and the good reviews are well deserved	
Sep 23 2009 	My favorite place to stay in Las Vegas!	I go to Las Vegas about once per year and the best place I have stayed is The Signature. I like to walk so I liked the fact that it isn't on &quot;the Strip&quot; and felt that the walking helped me burn the excess calories consumed at the buffets I ate at. I parked my car with the valet when I arrived and didn't retrieve it until I left 3 days later. The room (a studio) was beautiful and I enjoyed the views of the mountains. I loved the jacuzzi tub! I didn't spend much time in the room but it was cleanest I've ever experienced. I also like the fact that The Signature is non-smoking and very quiet. Although my room faced the airport, I never noticed any noise from either the airport or the hallway.My only dislikes were that when I tried to check in at nearly 6PM my room wasn't ready yet and I waited nearly an hour. I also didn't appreciate the &quot;facility fee&quot; added per day for use of the gym/wi-fi/2 bottles of water-daily/newspapers-daily. I didn't use the gym, wi-fi(didn't bring a laptop), or read the papers so $15/day for a couple of bottles of water seems a little steep to me. They should charge you extra for these things like the mini-bar: added to your room charge only if you use/request them. Otherwise if they want to charge an extra $15/day, just include it in the price of the room so you aren't suprised with an extra $45 added to your bill when you check out. Jeeze...$45 for 6 bottles of water seemed like a rip-off to me.Overall...I would stay here again, next time I will ask about additional fees before I book the room.	
Sep 22 2009 	Fantastic stay we love it!!!	Our children gave us this vacation for our birthdays. It is immaculate, from the front lobby to the hallways to the suites. We cooked breakfast each morning, and was great to get up have breakfast in our suite then get ready for the day. We stayed in Tower 2 and the pool complex was beautiful. We are going back soon, and this is the only place we will be staying in. We loved it!!!	
Sep 21 2009 	Stay Here!!!	Only if you want to be spoiled! Private guard gated entry, attentive and friendly staff, beautiful rooms. I hate schlepping through the casino to get to my car, the pool, spa, etc., and there's none of that here. The casino action is only a short (private, for Signature guests only) skywalk away, as is the spa at the MGM Grand - treat yourself and go there, it is wonderful. My room was a Junior Suite with strip view balcony and was just wonderful. Normally I stay at the JW Marriott, but this is my new favorite hotel and I can't imagine staying anywhere else. The perfect blend of private condo and hotel - all the amenites of being an MGM Grand guest (room service, hello) without the noise and smoke until you want it. Want to live like a VIP/high roller? This is your place! One thing to know - the roads surrounding this property are being worked on and there are delays, especially the Koval/Harmon intersection.	
Sep 21 2009 	fabulous vacation	My husband and I just got back today from our 5 day trip at the Signature. It is my favorite hotel in Vegas. The jr. suite is big, has a jacuzzi tub, separate room for the toilet, and a kitchenette. We ordered groceries from vons.com, cooked in the room, and saved a ton of money. The real reason I like staying at the Sig is because of the MGM Grand Lazy river. By staying at the Sig, you can use all of the MGM Grand pools plus the Sig pools. I had so much fun! My husband enjoys staying there because it is a completely non-smoking property and he is allergic to cigarrette smoke. It is also very quiet because it has no slot machines either. The rooms also have dvd players and high speed internet included in the resort fee.	
Sep 20 2009 	Fantastic jr suite	We really loved our two days at Signature. The massive 900 square feet (82 m2) room was fantastic, from its large bathroom with jacuzzi to the balcony overlooking the Strip. We found it hard to leave the room! The hotel currently offers great deals which makes it an affordable luxury with a real suite. Beware of overpriced breakfast and mandatory services though....	
Sep 20 2009 	Fantastic Junior suite with great views and jacuzzi bath!!	My partner and I have just returned from a road trip of California which finished with us spending 4 nights in Vegas Nevada. As we had been on the hop and driving for a lot of the trip staying in motels we decided we wanted somewhere a bit special to stay for the last 4 nights and we were not disappointed.The room was huge and very tastefully decorated. It had a large bathroom with double sinks and large jacuzzi bath which I struggled to get my partner out of most of the time!! The bad was large and comfortable and there was a seating area and also a small kitchenette with refridgerator, hob, microwave etc. We didnt make use of this much but if you like to make your own food while away it was perfect. Also for heating up pizza you had taken back to your room that you couldnt finish :)We were on the 35 floor in tower 3 so the views were great. Although I wouldnt recommend being up this high if you have a fear of heights!! :)The staff were great, especially the doormen, very friendly yet professional.I would defo recommend this to anyone looking for somewhere to stay in Vegas and looking for something a bit special. You have access to the gym and pool facilities as well for a $20 per day resort fee, which I think you have to pay, but this also covers the wifi access as well.On the wifi access, the room we were in it was a average signal. Was better at sometimes than others and got better if you moved to different areas of the room sometimes. For this reason if you were staying here for business I would perhaps request ensuring decent wifi reception in the room you were in but there is also LAN access as well that can be used in the seating area.Thats about it. If I go back to Vegas again which Im sure I will in the near future I would definately book this suite again. A little bit of luxury with easy access to the strip.	
Sep 19 2009 	best place ever	This place is absolutely perfect. It has everything you need. You won´t regret it .The straff is very friendly and plus it´s non smoking and casino ding dong. We stayed at tower 3 14 floor with a balcony. It takes about 5-7 min walk to MGM grand from tower 3. very close. Just the smell at the hotel is nice. you will be glad very time you come back. The pool was ever over crowded. really nice. This is absolutely the best hotel in vegas no dout.	
Sep 17 2009 	Top Class hotel	I stayed here for 4 nights with my husband and 2 teenage daughters at the end of August.We stayed in a one bedroom suite which was ideal for the 4 of us.The suite was lovely with 2 bathrooms and a kitchenette. The master bathroom was amazing, even having it's own television.I used the fitness room a couple of times, which was very well equipped and had plenty of bottled water and cold towels.The pool at The Signature was very peaceful and a haven from the hustle of everywhere else. The pool attendant supplied bed covers, towels and chilled water. I spent my mornings here, whilst my husband and daughters preferred the MGM pool, where they played on inflatables in the lazy river. This was only a few minutes walk from The Signature.We had phoned ahead and requested a room in Tower 1, which we got.It was a 4 minute leisurely stroll from the reception area of Tower 1 to the MGM, so compared to all of the walking we did up and down The Strip, it was nothing. Another good point is that the MGM stop for the monorail was really close to the entrance from the MGM to The Signature.Overall we couldn't fault The Signature, the staff were really friendly and helpful, the suite was excellent and the location was ideal.This was our first trip to Vegas but we're already planning next year's visit.	
Sep 17 2009 	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay	We spent three nights in Tower 1 at the Signature MGM Grand. The suites are extremely comfortable and spacious. We were very impressed with the quality and cleanliness of the rooms, and the comfy bed. The bathrooms are huge. We didn't hear any noise in our room at any time. The rooms, hallways, and public areas smell fresh and inviting.Very pleasant and helpful reception staff. Great staff around the pool as well. We enjoyed lounging around the pool with the other quiet guests.The hotel is a short walk from the MGM Grand, and all its amenities. We welcomed the separation from the main complex, and all the comfort this hotel had to offer. We used the monorail from the MGM Grand, and found it very convenient for exploring and going out for dinner at night. There is a Starbucks on the ground floor of tower 1. Nice fitness center, well equipped.We wouldn't stay anywhere else on a return trip. We really enjoyed this hotel.	
Sep 16 2009 	Loved it - a comfortable home from home	We booked through luxury suites international for about $370 in total for a 1 bed suite. We stayed 2 nights, the night before and night of my wedding on the 27th of August.The rooms are really spacious, great kitchen with oven, big friedge/freezer, dishwasher,microwave, toaster, little things like bottle opener etc - even found a washing machine in a cupboard which was great! The sitting/dinning area was great and it was perfect space for me getting ready on the morning of my wedding. Having 2 toilets was good as i had quite a lot of people milling around the day of the wedding so it made things easier!We had a bit of a party after our wedding (was unplanned) - we had no problem getting 15 or so people into our suite, and there was room for everyone to mill around.We found check in and out really fast, room service great and had no problems - i liked being away from the noice of the other hotels - but still just a 10min walk to the action.I loved it here and will be staying there on my next Vegas trip :)	
Sep 16 2009 	Fantastic Hotel within a stroll of all LV has to offer	Just returned forma great stay at the Signature.We had a great rate which incuded $300 resort credit.We were palced in Tower 2 and after asking nicely at reception we were given a room on the 34th floor (classed as Penthouse floors, think top 8 are). We had a partial view of the strip and a view of tower 2's pool (and a bit of tower 3's pool).Room was spacious and exactley as website describes. We did use fridge, we received water each day and room cleaned very well each day at time we requested (using buttons inside door - great idea). Had turndown service one night and this was good - although was on my partner's birthday and they turned up at 5pm (!!) before we had even gone out..opps.Walk to MGM is minor, I do not understand why people complain it is 5 minutes tops.We also cut out the side onto Harmon (I think) and you could be in Planet Hollywood in 5 mins. Also 10 mins to walk other way to Ellis Island for cheap dinner!All of the staff at Signature are very friendly and public areas kept immaculate. Pool is quiet change from MGM grand pools and has much comfier sunbeds, lots of shade and free water....this is needed!All in all a great week and I would not hesitate to return. Having visited all the other casino's on the strip during our stay and having deliberated over my choice for months I am soooo glad I choose the Signature, to come home to peace and quiet when we wanted to chill was perfect.Ohh and the jacuzzi tub is a plus, it fits two nicely ;-)	
Sep 16 2009 	Great Hotel	Everything was very good during our stay.Normal check-in was at 4PM. We arrived at 11:30AM and we had no problem getting a room early.Rooms were always kept very clean.Rooms were very roomy.Nice view form the 34th floor.They were quite.Staff was helpful.My only disappointment was the distance from the strip. We had to take the journey through the MGM to get to the strip which took about 10-15 minutes. Then again, that's probably why the room was nice and quiet.I would stay at again.	
Sep 15 2009 	Amazing hotel didn't want to leave!	I cannot recommend the Signature suites highly enough. We loved every minute in our amazing suite and didn't want to leave. We had a junior suite which was huge! There was even a small tv in the bathroom so you could see it from the jacuzzi or the walk-in shower. The bed was massive and very comfortable and we had a separate living area and kitchen. The suite was also very quiet at night and we couldn't hear any noise at all from other rooms.The hotel staff were very friendly and super-efficient. The pools were well maintainted with plenty of loungers and umbrellas. There is a gift shop, deli, starbucks, restaurant etc spread between the 3 towers. The towers are very quiet unlike the MGM or other strip hotels which are constantly crowded so it was nice to get some R&amp;R when you wanted to. MGM Grand is only 5 mins away and you can also use all of their facilities if you want to. We also saw several concers at the MGM Grand Garden arena so it was great to just walk a few mins back to our room. We didn't get charged any resort fee as this was included in the rate we paid. Definitely worth it and I look forward to staying here again!One tip is to check which tower you are staying in prior to your arrival. Our taxi driver happily called ahead to confirm our suite number so he could take us to the correct tower to check-in.	
Sep 13 2009 	Loved it - Gorgeous Rooms!	We stay in tower 1 and got upgraded to a suite as part of a 'birthday celebration promotion' that the hotel was running. We stayed in a one-bedroom suite on the 7th floor. The rooms are beautifully appointed with modern decor. Suite included 2 bathrooms and his/her sinks, June Jacobs complimentary items. Housekeeping was prompt and efficient. Front desk staff were nice and helpful. It's not suitated on the strip which we actually liked as it's not as busy and you didn't have to walk through the smoky gaming area to get to your room. It's about a 5 minute walk to the MGM (they have moving walkways) and the MGM has a monorail to get you to the other end of the stip if you need to. Signature has a nice pool with bar and wait staff. It's far less crowded than the MGM pools although they are bigger.Tip: We loved the Belliago Dinner Buffett.	
Sep 13 2009 	ABSOLUTELY GREAT and RELAXING. Excellent Service!	After reading the reviews, I had to book 2 nights at the MGM Signature. I love this hotel. It is better than the Four Seasons. 1) Service is EXCELLENT! Lots of very friendly and helpful staff. Doorman and concierge are better than the top doorman of NYC.2) VERY quiet and relaxing. Better than any resort I have been to before because it was NOT mobbed with people. Last month I stayed at the Ritz Carlton Carlsbad and I have to say this hotel was more relaxing and calmer and had better service. 3) Beautiful rooms with views. Stayed on 25th floor with balcony. For those afraid of heights, I would recommend asking for a room with NO balcony. All the rooms are suites at 520 sqft with kitchenettes.4) Great bathrooms - Spa like with LCD TV. Powerful Rain showers. Huge Jacuzzi Tubs. Great towels and Robes.5) Very nice and private pools. Each tower (3 of them) have their own serene pool with plenty of lounges and chairs and cabanas. NO problems finding one. Or if you want you can go to the main pools at the MGM and joint the loud smoking and drunken college crowd. VERY difficult seating there.6) Great Starbucks and Bar and Cafe (not overpriced) for a resort. Perfect for breakfast or gourmet lighter lunch.7) Great workout rooms. NEW top of the line equipment. Stocked with chilled towels, water and fruit. 8) All the buildings and rooms are NON smoking. Lobbies are great and clean. Good place to conduct business conversations. 9) MGM main casino is 8 to 10 minutes walk away (probably 3 city blocks). All by INDOOR airconditioned MOVING walkways. I personally love to walk and found it faster to walk to the casino then through it. Inside the huge MGM, casino, it takes 20 minutes to walk across the crowded smoky casino (1 block). But if you can not walk, perhaps you should stay somewhere else. 10) SECURITY is TIGHT. The general riff-raff can NOT enter the property or get to the suites from the Casino or the street. As you can see, this is NOT a party hotel, but it literally is next to one of the largest Party Casinos on the strip. Best of both worlds. As of September 2009, sure you can get a standard 200 sqft room at the Monte Carlo for $60 a night, but why not spend $120 and get a really luxurious 520 sqft room with EXCELLENT service? I am sure you are going to lose 10 times the difference in the casinos anyway.Sure there is a $20 per day charge, but this gives you free internet and parking and access to the MGM spa.This probably will be the only place I stay from now on when I go to Vegas.	
Sep 12 2009 	Great value good location	I had some friends in from out of town, so we wanted to find a hotel to stay in Vegas that had classy suites, could fit 4 of us, and wasn't too expensive. We had a great experience at The Palms Place a couple of months before and were also looking for another condo turned hotel that was non smoking and didn't have an attached casino, but was close to a casino and close to the strip. The Signature definitely satisfied what I was looking for. It's easy to get to the MGM Grand using the skywalk and also easy to get to the strip. The pool at the Signature is nice and relaxing and the breakfast place actually makes a very good breakfast. If you want fine dining, there are many great restaurants in the MGM Grand, and I really loved the poker room in the MGM Grand too. The room itself was a one-bedroom suite and perfect for 4 people. It had a pullout couch which was comfortable, and 2 full bathrooms. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Sep 11 2009 	Nice stay but not my personal favourite	We went to Vegas with friends who picked this hotel. We stayed in a junior suite in Tower 1 with a view of the pools and the strip. The room was nice and spotless with a mini kitchen, ideal if you want to have breakfast in your room. The staff is great. There is road work on many streets around the hotel so if you are planning to go in/out often by car, learn where the &quot;shortcuts&quot; are. The hotel is off the strip - a good 10 min walk to the strip (in front of the Planet Hollywood), and it will take you a good 15 min to get to the strip if you go thru the MGM casino (not recommended).Note: there is a $20 resort fee per day to cover for things like pool and fitness centre access, local calls, Internet and valet parking. The pool hours are short and not all 3 pools are open every day during the week.Overall it is a nice place but it is not my personal favourite place to stay in Vegas - I prefer the Hilton Grand Vacations on the Strip.	
Sep 10 2009 	Would definatly recommend to friends!!!	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in August 09 and we loved it!! The staff were very helpful and friendly. The rooms really spacious and very clean. This hotel is just off &quot;The Strip&quot; with only a 5-10 minute walk through air conditioned moving walkways to the MGM Grand. This is a fantastic hotel which we'd stay in again.	
Sep 10 2009 	I can't wait to go back!!!! Loved it!!!!	My husband and I were in Vegas for the September 2009 long weekend. It was our first trip to Vegas, so really had no idea where to stay. After reading the Signature reviews on this site and finding a really great deal for flight and hotel we booked with the Signature.I LOVED this hotel. We were treated very well our entire stay. Each staff member we saw said hello and asked how our stay was and if we needed anything at all. The room we stayed in was a junior suite, and it was more than enough room for my husband and I as well as very clean. The bathroom is very big and has a huge jetted tub also.As far as the walking, it was not far from the MGM at all! Maybe a 10 minute walk, and they have moving walkways to make it even easier. We had dinner one night at the Paris hotel and decided to take a cab because it was too hot in dress clothes to walk outside, but the next day we walked to the strip from tower 3 in about 15 minutes.My favorite part of the hotel was the pools!!! The Signature has private pools for each of the towers, so you don't have to deal with the craziness of the MGM pools. We never had a problem getting a lounger no matter what time of day we went down, and the service was great! Sara, the tower 3 pool server, was fantastic!! She made great drink suggestions and was always available when we needed her. Pablo at the pools was also great!!! He was always around to get us waters, towels etc.!!!! GREAT experience :)All in all, I loved the Signature MGM Grand. But, if you are going to Vegas to have a crazy party this may not be the hotel for you. It was a couple blocks off the strip and much quieter than the other hotels. However, if you are looking for a calm, clean hotel within walking distance of the strip, you will adore this hotel. I can't wait to go back again!!!!	
Sep 10 2009 	Haven in Sin City	Booked the Signature after reading reviews on TA and was not disappointed with my stay.Booked a 1 Bed Suite, worth the extra, as had two bathrooms, was like having our own apartment in the city.Staff and service was 1st class, the location means that you are a secure 4 minute walk (or ride on the travelator) to the MGM Grand and best of all the MGM pool area, which is spectacular.Will stay here again on my next return to Vegas.	
Sep 9 2009 	awesome	This is a totally different experience staying here instead of a regular hotel. We came for a concert at the MGM Grand Arena. Just had to walk out of out room &amp; through the tunnel that connected with MGM. It was very close to the venue. We stayed in a JR suite. Bed was very comfy, nice big jetted tub, big shower, had a nice flat screen tv, microwave, 2 burner flat stove, fridge, toaster, blender, plenty of drawers for clothes, sofa sleeper, robes. We actually were able to check in at 11:00 a.m. on a busy saturday holiday weekend. Staff was ever so friendly, starting with the Valet, Baggage personel, front desk etc. Had a problem with the safe &amp; they sent security up immedately to let me enter new code. ASked for my I.D. (which of course was in the safe), but it made me feel like they really took all the precations to make sure it was mine. Was nice to have a balcony so make sure you ask for one because not all have them. Pool was nice &amp; quite, but if u are looking for action then you can use al the pools at the MGM. We even got late check out! SUPERB. We will be back	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Experience	Check it out. The price for the room while I was there was amazingly inexpensive. You enter through a separate guarded gate and have your own, very fast valet parking. 3 towers - all with separate registration areas. Get on the indoor moving walkway and you' re only 4 minutes from the casino and restaurants. We had a great room with a balcony, a one-bedroom suite. Tower Two has a small deli that cooks breakfast to order and you can sit outside to enjoy your meal in a quiet environment.	
Sep 8 2009 	Excellent hotel!	Booked a 4 day, 3 night package out of Toronto with Sunwing from Sept 3-6. Arrived at hotel (Tower 3 - the furthest building from the strip) around 9am and asked if we could leave our bags while we checked out the strip. They offered us a strip view room with balcony if we wanted early check in so we took it!Room itself is just like the pictures. We made good use of it and didn't eat out for every meal since we had the kitchenette in the room. Made good use of the daily internet in our room which you pay for with resort fee.The walk is about 15 minutes to the MGM Grand from tower 3 and another 10 minutes to get through the casino to the strip. Don't forget anything in the room because the walking does add up over the few days you are there.Checked with the front desk the night before checking out to see if we could do late check out and they gave the room until 1pm since our flight didn't leave until 6pm.All in all, a great hotel. The only thing I didn't like was the walking, but that's only if you want to stay in the air conditioned tunnel. We did find you could shave about 15 minutes off the walk, but walking outside, but it was 40 degrees while we were there. I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 8 2009 	Wonderful! Stayed in Tower 2 Junior Suite	Nothing bad to say, great staff, great location, great room, great value.	
Sep 7 2009 	Fantastic hotel superb service and a wonderful stay	The Signature at the MGM Grand is a fabulous place to stay and whilst there are cheaper places in Las Vegas this hotel certainly offers a first class break. I love travelling in the USA as the service usually far exceeds hotels in the UK, and the staff do seem to recognise that customers are vital for their business. This is definitely true of the Signature, staff were most welcoming &amp; were always pleased to help. If you take a car all the parking is valet &amp; the valet team were excellent; opening doors &amp; remembering my name were lovely touches.As for the rooms, there was little that could be done to improve them. Excellent sized rooms, closets, well equipped kitchens (a teapot was the only thing missing for us!) and a bathroom we could have spent the whole holiday in, as it was fitted with double sinks, a jacuzzi bath &amp; a huge shower. This was besides the second bathroom/shower room.There is an excellent fitness room and the Signature has the choice of two pool areas. One is adjacent to the towers and the other is the main hotel pool complex at the MGM Grand. The first one was quieter, but with plenty of chairs &amp; shade plus cabanas (for hire), and the main hotel pool offers a lazy river, hot tub &amp; a couple of large pools. This was much more busy and a bit further to get to, but was really good especially for my teenage children.The Signature doesn't have a restaurant, although there is a small bar &amp; a Starbucks, however as it is part of the MGM Grand, there a lots of restaurants to choose from in the main hotel. This is accessed via a covered walkway with 3 moving walkways, all air conditioned.I would love to stay here again next time I visit Vegas &amp; would thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 5 2009 	Perfect in sin city	I selected Signature at MGM Grand after reading the reviews on trip advisor, all were helpful. This hotel does not disappoint, the rooms are spacious and well apointed, even the bath room has a TV and spar bath, kids loved it. Each tower has a pool, though tower 2 has the largest. Towers 1 &amp; 3 have an average size gym, all private to Signature guests only. Signature guest can also use the facilities offered by the MGM, but these facilities tend to be over crowed. There are 2 routes to the strip (walking), first via the MGM which takes 15 mins and second via the Signature entrance which takes 10 mins (but is not air conditioned).If you are looking for a hotel which only a few mins from the strip without the noise or smoke then this is perfect.	
Sep 2 2009 	Smoke free in Vegas close to strip!!!	My husband and I love Vegas but we hate the smell of smoke! We have stayed in many hotels near the strip on a &quot;non-smoking&quot; floor but we could still smell it in the air. This hotel does not allow any smoking but it is linked to the MGM casino so we were able to gamble all night and in 5 minutes we were back in our hotel room. How convenient! We also enjoyed the little kitchen in the room. We stayed there for about 4 days and didn't have to eat out for every single meal. Saved us a bundle. I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Spot to Stay	We just spent a week at the Signature and it was great. The junior suite was well equipped and spacious. Everything was very tidy and clean including the lobby and hallways. Staff were always polite and helpful, in fact, the service was top notch. We would stay there again. Just be prepared for walking as it is a bit of a walk to connect to the MGM Grand. But we enjoyed being away from the casino and having our own pool area which was not as busy or noisy. Note - not all rooms have a balcony and our junior suite did not. Some do, so ask for a balcony. I would have liked to be able to step out into the warm Las Vegas air.	
Sep 2 2009 	The MGM Signature- Why look any further?	My wife booked this trip very last minute as a birthday surprise for us. It was going to be just the 2 of us to enjoy a nice weekend alone. Our 7 yr daughter decided very last minute she HAD to come with us ( she loves Vegas!) so we needed a larger room asap! My wife booked through BlueChipVegas.com and got an amazing deal on the Jr. Suite we had booked. However, with our added little person, we wanted more space. My wife contacted Julie at Bluechipvegas and got an amazing last minute deal on a full 1 bedroom. They also had a special promotion where we got buy one get one at many of the bars/restaurants inside MGM.The room was beautiful. Full kitchen with high end appliances, HUGE jacuzzi tub with a TV in the master bathroom that our daughter went &quot;swimming&quot; in for hours while watching her favorite TV shows ( I am not kidding) , a second bathroom with shower, the room was just simply put, awesome!The Signature is behind the MGM. The Monorail is right there in the MGM which we used as it was very hot the weekend we were there. We had never used before this trip and figured with the heat it was a good excuse, well worth the money! The pool/ gym is also fantastic and a great benefit to have your own private gym/spa per tower. I would recommend bringing in snacks/food/ drinks as we did if you can. Saved us alot of money and with the heat it was nice to relax a bit before heading back out. We have stayed at high end resorts all over the world. This is our second stay at the MGM Signature and really, there is no reason to stay anywhere else when in Vegas. I highly recommend booking with Bluechipvegas.com Easy process and the customer service they provide is top notch!	
Sep 1 2009 	The best hotel we've ever stayed at.	For the money, this is as close to luxury as we'll probably get, especially with young children. Our 1 bedroom suite was very affordable (watch for deals) as well as beautifully decorated, flat screen TV's in both room, a balcony, a modern small kitchen with everything you'd need to entertain, 2 bathrooms and a gorgeous jacuzzi. A junior suite was rented and it was just as nice without the bedroom. The staff is warm and attentive. Each tower is owned and run by someone different so you might want to check out the amenities through Trip Advisor reviewers before going. We have stayed in Tower 1 multiple times and loved everything, including the Starbucks downstairs. Tower 2 has the pool but no free pens. : ) (the pool is for all guests) Neither tower charged for water or housekeeping so that must be exclusive to Tower 3. They do constantly hand out free waters in my experience and the valets are very quick with taxi's or your own car. We wouldn't think of staying anywhere else when in Vegas.	
Aug 31 2009 	Excellent Choice for Families	Just returned from a week-long stay at the signature with my wife and four children, ages almost-18, 16, 13 and 10. We chose the Signature because of the excellent reviews here at TripAdvisor, the package deal they offered in conjunction with JetBlue, and because of the availability of linked rooms that gave us the space we needed. I would do it again, and would recommend the Signature and the JetBlue package deal to others, but some of the comments on the board are, in my opinion, a little overboard. Here are some observations:If you're going with a family, then I STRONGLY recommend limiting your stay in Vegas to the mid-week, Sunday afternoon through Friday morning time frame. Vegas changes dramatically on the weekends, as 20-somethings flood in from Southern California to party. Even at the Signature, which doesn't have a casino or a nightclub on its grounds, the number of boisterous young folks in the lobby, elevators, hallways, scantily clad and drinks in hand, increased very noticeably on Friday afternoon (we were there from Saturday afternoon through the following Saturday morning).We received excellent service from a concierge at the hotel (Mary Ellen?), but the housekeeping did miss our rooms on one day and it took 3 calls to the front desk to have someone sent up to take care of things (and that person was not a housekeeper and did a poor facsimile of what the real housekeeper had been doing). I also noticed that room service carts tended to stay in the hallways for a little while. Small things, but evidence that this is not the be-all and end-all of hotels that some reviews would have you believe. The $20 per room per day &quot;resort fee&quot; is a rip-off. When you are occupying two suites for 6 nights and spending thousands of dollars, Internet access and bottled water should be complimentary.As I type (8/31/09), Harmon (Avenue?), the primary entrance to the Signature, is undergoing significant construction. Traffic flows are impacted, stop lights are out of sync, and getting around in taxis takes a few minutes more than it ordinarily would. Not the fault of the hotel, but forewarned is forearmed, so leave a little extra time until Harmon is put back together.Make use of the Signature's &quot;private&quot; pools. As a Signature guest you have access to the variety of MGM Grand pools, including the lazy river, which is enjoyable, although very crowded and loud, as music is pumped in constantly. There are, however, other pools available to Signature guests which are very private and have bars, waitress service, towels, etc. We didn't &quot;discover&quot; these Signature pools until a few days into the vacation, and we made daily use of them thereafter.All in all, I recommend the Signature, and would gladly stay there again.	
Aug 30 2009 	Fantastic room (with full kitchen) great service clean luxurious.	Quite a distance from the strip (deceiving, just like all other Vegas distances), noticed especially when walking. Walking through the MGM was alikttle easier with some moving walkways. Room was beautiful and modern amenties were appreciated, especially electronic &quot;Do not disturb&quot; and &quot;Housekeeping Requested&quot; switches.Not thrilled about $20/night surcharge on room (above Southwest Vacation package price deal). Not sure who to blame for that.Wished the pool hours were longer. Yoga class would have been a nice touch.Overall, a beautiful, high class, superior accomodation.	
Aug 30 2009	First Class ALL THE WAY	This hotel is AMAZING! The towers alone are just beautiful. The room is top notch. I just cannot say enough.The BEST feature the MGM Grand and Signature has is the airport check in. They are the ONLY hotel that has a check-in desk at the airport, which is very convenient. We had our room keys before we even left the airport, so we could just go straight to our room. But even if we hadn't, since the Signature isn't DIRECTLY on the strip, it is chaos free. It is connected to MGM Grand by a 5 min walkway. It's basically like walking down an extended hallway at the hotel, even has moving walkways. Room service was AWESOME. The food was some of the best I've had anywhere.I will DEFINITELY be staying here again.	
Aug 29 2009 	Blue Chip Vegas- The Signature at MGM Grand- WOW!!!	This is our second stay at the Signature MGM Grand. Last time we stayed in a Jr Suite in tower 2, this time we are in a 1 bedroom, Tower 1. I booked very last minute thru BlueChipVegas. com . I ended up calling the reservation number and spoke with Julie who was awesome in every aspect. It was going to be a birthday celebration alone, just my husband and myself for a nice, romantic, weekend. Well, those plans changed almost overnight. Our 7 yr old daughter ended up coming with us. I called in a panic to see if Julie could move us to a larger suite. Keep in mind, this was all done within 36 hrs of us checking in. Without any issues, Julie was able to get us moved to a 1 bedroom suite at the Signature. Well worth the small fee to do so. The room is huge! Even if it were just myself and my husband, I would absolutely book this size room again. We have a full kitchen with beautiful stainless steel appliances. The family room/ dining room is huge. There is a pull out sofa bed and a dining room table and 2 stools at the kitchen bar. The master bedroom has a comfy bed. So comfy, we all overslept this morning! There are 2 bathrooms. One has a shower ( in the family room area), the master has a jacuzzi tub you could swim in, and a TV, 2 sinks, just amazing.We are travel snobs in every sense. This room is 5 star all the way. Spotless, clean, just amazing. I have never used Bluechipvegas.com before and fully intend on using them again for our anniversary trip in October. Julie was so helpful as well as the concierge, Rajah, who is the &quot;private&quot; concierge thru Bluechipvegas.com.We had zero issues on check in, zero issues with our room, and zero issues with Bluechipvegas.com Only a flawless, wonderful birthday celebration for my husband. This room absolutely made it amazing. We drove here so we were able to bring a lot of food, snacks, drinks. I would highly recommend anyone who does drive in to take advantage of the full size fridge and kitchen. There is a Starbucks right downstairs and small cafe. The workout room ( also awesome) is downstairs as well!Thank you Bluechipvegas. com for booking this amazing room at The Signature!	
Aug 28 2009 	Haven of tranquility within spitting distance of the Strip	I stayed at Tower 3 of the Signature for 8 days with my girlfriend. We stayed in a very spacious Jr Suite on the 34th floor after taking advantage of a special internet offer (which included the resort fee).The hotel is located off the Strip and is attached to the back of the MGM Grand. We preferred this as it contributed to a quiet atmosphere and a place where we could relax after a long day or night out in the bright lights and noise. We certainly didn't mind the walk - with all of the calories that you pack in here it is a welcome relief!The amenities at the hotel are top notch. I enjoyed the free wireless access - something that a lot of hotels will rip you off for. We used the swimming pool in Tower 2, which was well staffed and excellent to relax at and seldom busy. Oddly we thought that it was about the same size as the main pool at the MGM, but with far less guests crowding in and it provided an essential escape from the oppressive Vegas heat. We also used the Fitness Centre in Tower 3 which is well appointed and equipped with TV monitors on each of the cardio machines. The restaurants on the Strip are all very expensive (particularly in the big hotels) so shop around as there are plenty of cheaper deals.The only minor issues we had were a) that the Business Center is a rip off (a dollar a minute) especially when all we wanted was to print off a small tour voucher; and b) our TV in our suite seemed to have a life of its own at times - no biggie as we hardly had cause to turn it on.The staff were all friendly in the true American style and were always helpful. We really enjoyed our stay here as above all it provided an escape from the lights and noise of the Strip after some hard partying.	
Aug 28 2009 	Just Great	The best place to stay in Vegas, nice comfortable clean spacious rooms, hotel staff great and helpful, no Casino noise, and your in walking distance to a variety of attractions.	
Aug 28 2009 	Awesome hotel for amazing rates on the strip	This was my second visit to the signature at mgm grand. Both visits were great. Service is hands down amazing. They will cater to your every need. The downside is that there is a $20 daily resort fee (but it includes water, newspaper and free wireless internet). This hotel is pretty close to the pools at mgm and the casino. It does take a while to get to other hotels on the strip by walking. The beds were very comfortable and the views were nice (31st floor strip view). If you're looking for a nice suite, you can't beat the price and location of the signature.	
Aug 26 2009 	Amazing hotel with an incredible staff! Highly recommended!	Overall our experience staying at the Signature was fantastic! Living in LA we visit Las Vegas frequently on weekends. We normally stay at the Venetian and appreciate how they pamper their guests. Much to our surprise, our experience at the Signature was better than other resorts- with the staff being absolutely incredible! From the moment we arrived they were so helpful and friendly. Our check-in and check-out were so quick. We were both really blown away by the extra lengths they went to in order to please us! We also liked how we were practically on the strip and attached to the MGM, yet at the same time we were tucked away and able to avoid the typical Vegas chaos when wanted (i.e. the pool policies they have). Finally, the penthouse suite we stayed in was GORGEOUS (strip facing balcony!) Would highly recommend giving it a try!	
Aug 26 2009 	Best time of my life.....and the best stay ever	there are no words for how exceptional this hotel is, it was amazing. Last October i went to Vegas to celebrate my 21st birthday in a big way and it was between Bellagio and this hotel. Boy am i glad i chose this one, from the very start the hotel got five stars. the gentlemen waiting at the door were so polite as were all staff we encountered.  We stayed in tower 2 now, ive gotta say as far as the ambiance goes, tower 2 to me was the very best the atmosphere was incredible.when we arrived to our room it was immaculate, spotless and looked as though no one had ever been there. the amenities were to die for, such as the drawers and the little kitchenette ...utter lifesavers. you have no idea how much you need drawers for an 8 day trip with 3 people in one room. there were 3 women and 1 guy....a lot of clothes and we wanted to feel at home so we didn't want to live out of our suitcases. i really love the fact they had the huge spa tub ....ohhhh it was heaven sent...truly.the hotel was just all around lovely and i had experienced their food first hand at their cafe and room service and ive gotta say yum!!!! i had the continental breakfast and if your a drinker ya gotta get their margaritas! killer!!! there are a lot of people who talk about the distance between the mgm and the signature and they count that as a con...but i don't. Its a moving sidewalk so there's really no effort in it and its like 2 ot 5 minutes depending which tower your in. but to make a long story short it was awesome i love this hotel and yes yes yes i will stay here again!!! whenever i go to vegas	
Aug 26 2009 	Positively 100 Percent Perfect...Book with Leslie Walk at Condo Hotel Marketplace	My wife and I travel to Las Vegas twice per year. We love it there and have stayed in many 5 star resorts including The Bellagio, Mandalay Bay and The Wynn. On our last 2 visits we stayed at the very nice Hilton Grand Vacation Club on the Las Vegas Strip finding a 7 night stay in a condo style unit suited us better than a nice hotel room with no comforts of home (having a kitchen and extra space makes it easier and nicer on a week long stay). I decided to try a condo rental search online and had the fortunate luck to come accross Leslie Walk of Condo Hotel Marketplace in conjunction with Jet Luxury Resorts. I was immediately impressed with Leslie's courteous and kind nature. Leslie was very prompt and efficient in answering any questions we had and providing any information we needed. I told her of my deposit with Hilton and we were staying 8 nights in August. She suggested The Siganature and after looking at several photos and reading many reviews, we decided to have her quote us a rate. Not only did she beat The Hiltons rate (by quite a bit) she booked us a room far more superior. We cancelled our reservation with Hilton . Leslie also saved us a fortune by booking directly with her and Condo Hotel Marketplace rather than booking with MGM directly. Thanks Leslie!!!!!!!! ON TO THE REAL DEAL!!!!!!!! When we arrived at The Signature....well...in a nutshell....AWESOME!!!!!. It was everything and then some. The staff upon arrival opening my wife's door, offering cold bottled water and a polite greeting was refreshing and made us feel like millionaires (which we are far from) Check in was a breeze (lobby aroma was nice). Our 1 bedroom unit was beautiful. Full Kitchen, 2 massive bathrooms, the most comfy bed ever and best of all.....a balcony on the 25th floor. We could see the entire srip and beyond!!!!! The pool was fantastic. I could go on and on however I would need hours. It was pure luxury. When I say it was perfect, I mean it and it was everything Leslie said it would be, a rare thing in todays world of travel. Find out for yourself. THANK YOU LESLIE WALK for giving my wife and I the ultimate vacation. We have found our new home at The Signature when traveling to Las Vegas. Also a shout out to Gil, Moses and Thomas (Doormen and Valet at Tower3) They were incredible and work very hard...Take care of them. Thanks M and J	
Aug 26 2009 	Fabulous hotel in a perfect location	Booked this hotel after much searching through reviews, I travelled with my wife 18 year old son and 21 year old daughter and we were really impressed by the quality of the rooms, the flat screen tv's in the main room and the bathroom and the standard of finish of the furniture. The rooms were spacious and the shower and jacuzzi were spotlessly clean and room service attended every day and came back when we were not ready. Not only were they cleaned but a supervisor called back to check the work. The hotel staff were friendly and advised on a very good trip to the Hoover Dam and the Grand Canyon and the gym and pool in Block 1 were excellent. The pool at the MGM which is accessed via a covered walkway was busier but had a lazy river, The location was great at one end of the strip opposite the New York New York and close to everything which was good as we did not have a car. Vegas was busy traffic wise and we used the mono rail ahead of the bus or more often than not walked from hotel to hotel taking in the sites. If I'm back in Vegas I would definitely book the Signature without hesitation.	
Aug 25 2009 	Luxury and complete relaxation!	My girlfriend booked this room after receiving a great offer via email. We stayed 2 nights at the mgm and decided to try our last night at the Signature to relax on a Sunday night. From the minute we pulled up I felt like I was in a desert oasis. Its behind the mgm and away from the hustle and bustle of the casinos and the strip. There is a door man to help you out of your car or taxi and answer all your questions. Check in was a breeze and we even got to request a high level room! Room was very spacious, luxurious, and came with a large hot tub! View from the balcony was spectacular and there was plenty of room to hang out on the balcony. The kitchenette came complete with silverware, pots and pans, stove, blender, coffee maker, microwave, fridge with ample storing space! I had absolutely no complaints about my stay there. Some reviews complained of being far from everything but not true. It is supposed to be set away from the hotel and strip for relaxation purposes but we found a walkway that takes you straight to the mgm casino and shops. 5 minutes at best.	
Aug 25 2009 	Amazing Hotel for great price!	Stayed here w/7 other girls on a college reunion trip. It was fantastic. We had two large suites, connected at the end of the hall so we could leave the door open between rooms. Service was great, even for a bunch of recently graduated college girls! Location is perfect, short walk from the MGM lobby which is the center of Vegas (maybe 10min walk through the halls) but well worth the great rooms!!!! Everything was brand new, the bathrooms (all three) were huge w/large showers and jacuzzis. Tons of closet space and great kitchenette w/new appliances, all kitchen ware and full size fridge.Definitely would recommend and stay again! Perfect!	
Aug 24 2009 	Wow...Give it up for the signature	This hotel was perfect. All the excitement a few minutes away without he stink of tobacco on your clothes. You get free access to all MGM facilities but the peace and quiet of a first class hotel. The one bedroom suites are incredible..the pictures don't do them justice. Go through the hotel to make reservations. Heard some stories of people that rented from private suite owners and had some problems, such as rooms not cleaned when they arrived, dificulty getting repairs completed, etc. The staff were incredibly attentive and helpful. Have stayed at Bellagio and a number of other Vegas resorts..this place is unique and far better value than others..do yourself a favor and try Signature. I would recommend Tower 1..closer to everything.	
Aug 21 2009 	Beautiful room with plenty of space and amenities	This is a great place to stay in LV. It's close enough to the strip, while being away from the action when you want quiet. The chairs around the pool were much nicer, the umbrellas were more plentiful than at the MGM. In addition, you could use all the MGM facilities. Every luxury that you can think of was provided as well as great service.	
Aug 21 2009 	A relaxed holiday feel in the midst of Las Vegas	My partner and me stayed for two weeks at the Signature hotel. We were put in Tower 2 and I have to say I's hope to be in this Tower again if I'm lucky enough to visit again. Tower 1 has a small shop, bar, gym and Starbucks, whereas Tower 2 has a deli called Delights which we chose to have breakfast in for almost the whole fortnight as the food, service and atmosphere was so good. Tower 3 I would say is the least appropriate for tourists as the pool only opened on weekends when the crowds arrived from neighbouring American states for a quick getaway and the pool was opened to accomodate them. From the moment we arrived the staff were wonderful and the only problem we encountered during the stay (which was when the electronic safe wouldn't open once), after a quick call security were knocking on our door to ammend the problem, One of the main things we loved about the Signature was that there were no crowds and that you could walk through the busy MGM Grand casino soaking up the Vegas atmosphere and suddenly be in the calm surroundings of the Signature. We found that the location was perfect and I can't really understand why people have complained about the walk to the Strip. The room was lovely, we were 22 floors up and had a view over the Strip with a balcony. The room was serviced every day and water and coffee were replenished. We also found the free internet access very useful. We spent some time at the pool and this too was a much more relaxing and private experience than at most of the Strip hotel pools due to the fact there was always a sun lounger for you no matter what time of day you went there. The pool bar was a great little extra and served up frozen drinks as well as lovely snack food too. We found the Cobb salad so big that we had to share and the staff offered to split it into two for us and charge us for the one. Like I say, on the weekend it could get a bit busier so just be aware of this (this is the same in all hotels though). I've stayed in a few of the hotels on the Strip and they have all been good, but this one is by far my favourite, so book it with confidence and enjoy your holiday. It makes you feel special being here.	
Aug 20 2009 	Wow!!	If you really want to enjoy one of the best accomodations in Vegas, then choose the Signature suites at MGM.Spacious &amp; luxurious suites (1500 sq,ft.) for the price of a 3 star hotel room in London.It really is an experience to stay there.	
Aug 20 2009 	Amazing hotel in a busy holiday location	Well what can I say that has not been said before. Believe all the reviews, this place is amazing!!!!! A quiet oasis from the hustle and bustle of the Las Vegas strip, it was perfect for a couple on honeymoon.......To begin with there were no queues when we arrived at tower 3, check in was very quick and we were up in our room within a couple of minutes. The rooms are amazing, we had a junior suite with a balcony which has plenty of room and the kitchenette is very useful. Everyone seems to comment on the distance from tower 3 to the MGM, yes it is a walk but it only takes about 5 minutes and by leaving tower 3 via Harmon Street was actually alot quicker to the strip than going through the MGM grand.Even though they only have one tower pool open during the week it was never crowded and was always the first option rather than the MGM pool.Basically I cannot commend this hotel enough, its great for getting away from the strip and is in an excellent location. This will be the only hotel I will be staying in when I visit next time.	
Aug 20 2009 	loved itvery charming	after my disappointing stays at crowne plaza(niagara falls),and westin swann(walt disney,orlando),it was good to finally find a respectable 5 stars hotel.welcoming,friendly and helpful staff,clean,comfortable,nice pool,charming.everything was ok,we really appreciate,fabulous las vegas,and fabulous signature at MGM.	
Aug 19 2009 	Fantastic hotel great room with wirlpool bath	the hotel was great ..super lobby.. accommodating staff including MJ. Good places to eat if a wee bit pricey but not extortionate. Having stayed in 3 Vegas hotels you cannot go wrong with rooms in comparison to UK. The MGM was modern and clean and another good pool.A lion can be seen wandering (in a huge glass container) near the Safari restaurant at the end of the casino near the Strip.	
Aug 19 2009 	Oasis in Vegas	I stayed in Signature for my birthday, it is a stunning hotel. The lobby is very modern and has an amazing smell which feels like an oriental hotel. Check in was fast. Our suite was one bedroom with hills view which was nicer than the strip view. The kitchen was fully stocked with quality china, glasses and all cooking utensils, it also had a dishwasher and full size oven and cooker, and fridge freezer.The room was large with two bathrooms, the main bathroom had the best bath i have every had in a hotel - it was huge with full powered jet. The shower room also had a powerful shower and was beautifully decorated. The sofa bed was just as comfortable as he main bed. There was a balcony overlooking the hills What i loved about this hotel was that you got the best of both worlds being in Vegas and having some peace also. The hotel is connected to the MgM by a airport style corridor with a travellator for those not wanting to walk (it is about a six minute walk) and as soon as you get to the MgM doors the Vegas noise start, the Signature really was an oasis of calm.The spa facilities were great, there was free wireless. Room service was a bit pricy but for special occasions would be a nice treat. The MGM is a large hotel with lots to see - has some of the best restaurants and some good boutiques. We went out to the shopping outlet and picked up so amazing bargins. For theatre and dinner tickets go to the Tix booth on the strip in the morning and you will save alot of money.	
Aug 18 2009 	Will definitely go back again	This was my 2nd stay with the Signature, and like before, it did not disappoint Added bonus was the $75 credit that we were able to use at the nice Italian restaurant, Fiamma, in the MGM Grand. We booked directly from the Signature's website and got a room on the 38th floor (UPH), balcony and facing the Strip. When we asked the front desk about a future stay, they kindly suggested booking online where we would get a better deal...how cool is that! Speaking of the front desk, service here was impeccable....from the nice lady who tended the gym, greeting us with a nice smile and making sure all cardio equipment had new fresh towels draped on them, to the valet who called the Executive shuttle service without our knowledge just to ensure it was coming since we were sitting outside waiting. The beds are absolutely divine as my friend can attest as she would immediately fall asleep once her head hit the pillows. The kitchenette is fully equipped with a blender (make your own margaritas!) Villeroy &amp; Boch teacups, full set of knives, pots, utensils, etc. I appreciated how we were separate from the MGM Grand and didn't have to walk through the casino to reach restaurants, monorail and shops. It's a nice quiet respite from the hustle and bustle where you can choose to be a part of it or not. For those who complain about the covered walk (with a people mover!)....well, maybe they're the ones who need it the most...just saying. Dual sinks in the bathroom, small TV in the bathroom, large jacuzzi tub, large shower. Oh..and yeah, all the towels you need without even asking for extras! Cool touches are the buttons you press for housekeeping service or Do not not disturb which light up outside on your room number...no need to fumble with the doorknob signs anymore. Ok..so if I &quot;had&quot; to make a complaint about anything...it would be the safe in the room. We had problems a couple of times where we couldn't get the combo to set..and then not open. But a quick call to front desk had the hotel security come up right away to assist. Yeah...we'll definitely be back!!!!	
Aug 18 2009 	Another Fantastic Stay at Signature	We stayed 3 years ago when the Signature first opened. Not dissapointed this time round. With the other towers open the hotel has a place where you can get food. We ate there and found the food to be good value. The second pool which you can use also adds to the experience. We booked through a third party not directly and got a really good rate. Hotel seems to be attracting a younger crowd than previously but trying for that market seems to be what Vegas has decided. We overlooked the new Ultra pool at MGM Grand. Loud music 300 people standing room only in shallow water in 100+ degrees not our idea of a good time but they enjoyed themselves and it closes at sunset. If you want great condo accomodation and a quiet bolt hole which is close to the strip choose Signature.	
Aug 18 2009 	Sin City's luxury oasis	My wife and I stayed at the Signature for 5 nights in late July for our honeymoon based on the reviews I had read on this and other websites, its affordability, location and the fact that it was a completely non-smoking and non-casino facility. I usually don't write reviews, but after reading some negative comments (from people that I believe just like to whinge and really should get a life!) I felt compelled to add my voice to what ended up being a very memorable and unbelievably pleasant stay, a highlight to our 25 days in the USA. First and foremost, let me tell you upfront that this property was F A N T A S T I C to say the least. Why do you ask, I hear you say, well, let me list the good things for you (but don't fret, there were a few minor niggly points that I will state later). The first thing that struck me was the fact that the property was relatively new, which is nice to look at as everything is still fresh and in its place, which obviously gives a good impression, so it lacked the usual wear and tear you would see from the other hotels (Hey Luxor, take note!). It also lacked the glitz and glamour of some hotels (which for us was not a bad point), however, it was stylishly simple and elegant. Some would argue that it's basically just an apartment block, which in essence it is, but the presence and ambience it has over the other hotels gave it an edge. Ok, lets break it down. No 1: Rooms were like HUGE, extremely well presented with quality furnishings and big screen LCD as well as being equipped with a wonderfully appointed kitchenette (not that we used it, but it was there), a dreamy king bed (like floating on clouds), and lounge area, and best of all, a balcony (a bit of a rarity in Las Vegas but definately an added bonus). We ended up in a junior suite in Tower 1 on the 36th floor facing the Strip. The bathroom, oh my, luxuriously large with a jacuzzi, big shower (good for two ;)), twin vanities, big fluffy towels and upmarket toiletries (my wife was very impressed as was I). Although we didn't spend a lot of time in the room, it just felt good to come back to it from our daily outings.No 2: Aside from the size and quality of the room, the service from the staff was second to none. Polite, courteous, eager to help - they made you feel like royalty. Every time I rang front desk or conceige I was called by name which I believe adds that personal touch for a more homely feeling. They went out of their way to make us feel comfortable. Very professional.No 3: Three delightful family-friendly pools to choose from with complementary bottled water on ice, large towels, use of cabanas and no hooligans, a quiet retreat to enjoy after a day gallavanting on the Strip. However, if you want to get into the thick of it, head down to the MGM Wet Republic, which is free for Signature guests.No.4: What a gym!!! For those of you into that sort of thing, you will not be disappointed. State-of-the-art equipment in a large room with everything you may need to work up a sweat. Plus cold towels (yes, cold towels) and iced bottled water. A nice added touch there as well.No 5: Starbucks and Delights deli on site so you didn't have to go far for the morning caffine fix. No 6: This will probably be a big point of contention for some, but for a normal person with a normal fitness level, its location was a relatively short walk to the Strip (about 5-6 minutes easy walking distance) and to the MGM (5 minutes via covered walkway). Yeah ok, it's 2 blocks from the Strip, but that's the beauty of it - away from the hustle and bustle to enjoy the serenity but close enough to immerse yourself into the zoo if you so chose. No 7: Value for money. That was the biggest selling point for us. Compared to some of the other glitzy hotels, it was fairly cheap, plus we got $150 resort credits because we stayed for 5 nights. Of course you could probably stay elsewhere for less, but I doubt you would get the same level of amenities and professionalism as the Signature.Not finished yet though - I promised I would note the very few flaws it has, but really they are just minor. A: $20 daily resort fee which included bottled water (which you can get at the pool by the gallon), access to gym, free WiFi, free local and national phone calls and newspaper. I thought that was a bit pricey for what you actually got. For those of us without a laptop, if they included in-room internet in the price (instead of the extra $11 for 24 hour use) it might make that fee worthwhile and less apprehensive for some.B: It would've been nice to have some outdoor furniture on the balcony, even just a small table and chairs, to sit out and admire the view. I thought it odd that it didn't have any.All in all, we had a great stay at a top notch hotel. Stay again? Definately. Recommend? Absolutely.	
Aug 15 2009 	Our new favorite place to stay in Vegas	We were in Vegas the week of August 3rd, 2009. We have stayed at most of the &quot;better&quot; hotels in Vegas including Belagio, Wynn, Encore, Venetian, Caesers etc. The Signature Suites is by far the best deal on the strip, especially for families. The single most expensive thing about going to Vegas is dining. By having a kitchen (a gorgeous one), you can have breakfast and lunch in the room and then go out for dinner. We had two bathrooms, a balcony overlooking the strip, three t.v.'s, a stunning kitchen, full living room with pull out couch, a large bedroom and a work space. The resort fee includes internet, bottled water, coffee and more. The valet service is excellent and free (other than a tip) and so convenient as opposed to other hotels where you park and walk a mile or two to your room. The pool is very nice and it was never difficult to get a seat. The service was excellent and very friendly. The walk to the MGM if needed is indoors and only about 5 minutes from tower 2. There is a Starbucks and a cafe type restaurant on site and all other restaurants are within walking distance. If you want to head farther down the strip, there is a monorail station at the MGM; we also walked it once but it is a long walk. If you've been to Vegas you will undoubtedly know that the walk from the lobby to the room elevators and then from the elevators to your room, can be lengthy at best. Not so at the Signature. Everything is close, convenient and well thought out. You will not be disappointed and will most likely agree that this is your new favorite spot.	
Aug 15 2009 	Want to feel special then stay here	Just returned from a 4 day stay at the Signature. This was my 2nd time &amp; my husband's 1st. We stayed on the 31st floor with a balcony this time. Rooms are spacious, clean, comfortable bed with good quality bedding &amp; quality kitchen appliances. We brought in breakfast food so we didn't have to eat out all the time. Everything we needed to prepare meals was provided. Check-in was a breeze. We arrived in Vegas around noon so we picked up our car rental, had lunch &amp; got some groceries before checking in. Once we arrived our car was quickly unloaded, taken to the underground parking &amp; our luggage was taken for us. We were in our room within minutes. Our luggage arrived shortly after.I had not booked tickets for the Bette Midler dinner &amp; show offer on the internet before leaving home. I thought I would be able to get the package offer when we arrived. No. We went to Caesar's box office but not only were they more expensive but they didn't offer the dinner pkg. I was quite disappointed because we wanted to see Bette as our anniversary present. When we returned to the Signature I asked at the desk if they knew any way to get the pkg. Monique was great. She went on the internet &amp; booked the package for us. We just had to pick up the tickets at least 1 hr before the show at the box office. We had great seats with dinner after show at Rao's. It was a wonderful evening thanks to Monique. We had rented a car during our stay &amp; never had to wait more than 2 minutes for the valet to bring our car. Once you left the hotel driving was not easy due to the traffic &amp; construction but it did enable us to go out to Mount Charlston. It was wonderful out there. We had a lovely lunch at the lodge with breathtaking views of the mountain. Lovely way to unwind from the hustle &amp; bustle of Vegas. We decided to go back on our last day &amp; the valet at the Signature mentioned the other scenic drive that goes around the mountain. We found the road with no problem &amp; what a drive. My husband was nervous because you are driving on the edge of the mountain at about 9000ft. There was a lookout along the way that was incredible. You could stand there all day. Take a sweater though. It is significantly cooler in the mountains. Nice break to the 105 degree weather in Vegas. The hotel was also very accomodating for our last day. We had a red-eye flight &amp; normal checkout is 11am. We asked what our options were. We could have checked out &amp; left our luggage there or pay for 1/2 day &amp; check out at 6pm. We took that option. We spent the day in the mountains, had lunch then came back for a nap &amp; got cleaned up &amp; checked out at 6pm. We didn't begrudge the little extra cost for the convenience. We found all the staff very friendly &amp; helpful. They were always asking if there was anything we needed. One day after walking the strip we returned to the hotel &amp; I must have looked worn out because the valet immediately handed me a bottle of water as he held the door for me. I sure needed it. One afternoon my husband went down to the pool by himself while I had a nap. He said the pool attendant was very conscious of the heat &amp; was constantly coming around offering guests water. My husband had forgotten to take money with him but that did not deter the attendant from coming around to make sure you had what you needed &amp; were comfortable. We normally did tip the staff but their hands were never out expecting it.I would recommend this hotel to anyone. I don't see how you could possibly go wrong. You are a little off the strip &amp; the hotel does not have a casino in it but that is the nice part. In such a hectic &amp; noisey city you have an oasis of peace &amp; quiet.	
Aug 15 2009 	Luxury Resort Atmosphere	I visit LV often for business and pleasure and this was the first time I stayed at the Signature. The Signature is a must stay if your looking for a mixture of Las Vegas. It gave my family and I a luxury resort atmosphere in a town full of action and Chaos. While being centrally located to the main strip and night life that doesn’t’ stop. We were able to walk from the Signature tower 3 to the MGM Grand (all enclosed walkway) or Planet Hollywood Casino (walking outside) in about 10 minutes. We did rent a car so getting around town was a little crazy. There is construction work going on so it takes about ten minutes to get through the first light. Needless to say we did a lot of walking vs. driving so we could get around town a lot faster.Our first impression of the service Signature was excellent. The Valet staff was excellent from the first time we drove in to the last time we drove away. Checking in was a breeze, I enjoyed that there wasn’t a ton of Chaos going around like when checking into other hotels I’ve stayed in on the strip.We rented a Jr. Suite which was very nice except for when we arrived the place was so dusty that we had to dust and clean everything down (not exactly what I wanted to do on my vacation). Since we rented from a private owner we couldn’t call directly to housekeeping. When you rent from a private owner you must plan ahead to have your room cleaned or any other assistance.The room had a nice little cooking area but there was only 1 little pot and little 1 pan. We didn’t have a balcony :( so when we cooked we had to leave the entry door open because the fan above the stove didn’t work well. Though we had a couple bumps in the road with the room our overall experience was nice. I would defiantly stay at the Signature again and would rent for the owner again. I would just make some special requests in advance (example: extra towels, dust). I enjoyed how the all staff that worked around the property took a moment to say “hi” or “good morning” as we passed each other. Simple acknowledgement from the staff made us feel so welcomed. We had four separte pools to choose from, one pool at each tower and the big pool area at the MGM Grand. My husband and I personally like the pools at the Signatures the best because it wasn't as busy as the MGM Grand. It was also a nice touch at the Signature pools that they had cold bottle water avaliable at the pool enterance. The pool staff was also exellent someone was always there to get us any food, drinks, or towels. Great place to stay !!!Note: If you are flying and need a Boarding Pass printed ask at the front desk. I went to the front desk the morning I was checking out and said to the clerk “Where is the Business Office so I can print up a boarding pass” He told me where the Business Office was located but didn’t offer or let me know that he could print them out right there with no charge. It wasn’t until I went to check out the front desk clerk offered to print out our boarding pass. If I would have known the front desk offered this service it could have saved me $20.00 and a walk from tower 3 to tower 1.	
Aug 14 2009 	Disappointed!	The travel agent had said that this hotel was on The Strip -- but it is actually quite a long walk (~15 minutes) either through sky walks and in the MGM Grand - or on the road - to get to Las Vegas Blvd.They charged for using the internet equipment in the roomThe pools were seriously under equiped. There were very few umbrellas - but one could rent a cabana for $$$/day - and we saw a guest getting a heat-stroke. Furthermore, there was a constant shortage of towels in the pool areas. When we arrived after 10am - we were told they had run out.The front desk and the service desk were very polite but not very helpful: Nothing could be done in advance: * The could not organize a car rental for the next day; it could only be done on the same day - and they could not promise availability* They could not get us tickets for the Cirque de Soleil show in advance even if it was playing in the hotel, and it was a part of our package: We had to stay in line at the box-office at 10am in the morning the day of the show.* They could not tell us if we could get a late check-out before the day of departure. Watch out for hidden fees!	
Aug 14 2009 	I will be staying here again!	I had a 17 day trip to Vegas, the first 5 days of which I had set aside for a holiday/vacation for myself to just get away from everything, and do what I wanted, when i wanted, if I wanted!I was on the deal where you stay 5 nights and get $150 in resort credits, which probably could have been beaten, but it was easy to book through the signatures own website.On arrival at McCarran airport, I got a taxi quickly and easily and we headed off to the Signature. On the way the driver asked me which tower I was staying in, but I didn't know, so when we pulled up at the gatehouse the gatekeeper told him from a list of residents he had. Tower 1 it was to be, and when I got there the bell staff took my bags for me (I normally carry my own, but had lots).Check-in was empty (3.45pm on a Monday), and so I was up in my suite within 5 minutes. Impressed is an understatement! It was plenty big enough, and impeccably clean. All the little touches like the huge bathroom with tv, the kitchen area, the dvd player, all made the suite that little more like home, not that I have a tv in the bathroom at home!The bed was very comfortable, internet was pretty good though low signal level at the windows of the suite, I had to make Skype calls standing closer to the door!There are little buttons by the door, that switch on/off indicators outside. They are the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; and &quot;Housekeeping&quot; signals. Brilliant! Is it just me, or does anyone else get undressed for bed and then realise they wanted to hang the Do Not Disturb sign? No problem here, just press the button :-)The walk to the Casino via the moving walkway really was no issue at all, and if you want to go to the strip, a little tip is you can walk out of tower 3 to the gatehouse, and exit the their. If you come back in that way, you just put in your room key and the gate opens. Its a couple of mins walk to the strip from that exit, though their is quite a bit of construction happening at the moment so tread carefully.The starbucks was great, I don't normally go for $5 coffee, but it was so peaceful and friendly I took advantage. Or maybe I was in need of caffeine from the activites in Vegas.The concierge team were nothing short of fantastic! They booked me tickets to see 2 shows, and gave me advice on the best seating (value for money vs view), which worked out brilliantly. They also organised a helicopter tour for me to the canyon/hoover damn, and got me a free upgrade from a 3hr to 4.5hr flight.What impressed me even more, is that 3 days after I'd spoken to one concierge, he saw me in the lobby, and greeted me by name. Thats service!This was my first trip to Vegas, and I know many say try different hotels each visit, but this one really hit the spot for me and for that reason, I will be back.	
Aug 13 2009 	Beautiful Hotel in a not so beautiful city	This is the perfect place to stay if you HAVE to be in Vegas but are not interested in Vegas. Spotless hotel, great service, no smoking, no casino. We thought the kids would enjoy the river pool, so we took a walk over to the MGM Grand. That was a disaster. The pool was dirty (wrappers and cloudy water) and VERY crowded with people (most people in tubes drinking beer). We were very happy to return to the serene pools of the signature! If I go back to vegas for any reason, I'll stay there for sure!	
Aug 13 2009 	Hands Down: Best Place I've Stayed in Vegas	We have an office in Vegas, so I've stayed in just about every hotel around. I can tell you that there is no nicer place in Las Vegas than the Signature by MGM- it even surpasses the 'big names' like the Bellagio and the Palazzo. The grounds are immaculate, as are the rooms. Don't let the fact that some of the rooms are privately owned freak you out- I stayed in one such unit and the rental contracts are so tight between the owners and the MGM that your stay will be fine. I stayed on the 35th floor in the farthest tower back and the view was gorgeous- the Strip, the mountains, and the beautiful pools that slowly morph colors all night. I could have sat on that giant balcony for hours! The bath tub was wonderful and I definitely took my fair share of relaxing dips over that trip.The staff is the most attentive I've ever seen- from the valet (always had my car in less than two minutes) to the room services. Let me tell you about room service- one night I called and asked if they had any pasta, because there was none on the menu but I thought maybe they had something in a restaurant I could order. The gal on the phone asked what kind I meant and I said something with maybe a white sauce and some artichokes or something. She put me on hold, came back, and said, &quot;We don't, but the chef said he'd be more than happy to make you something like that because we have all the ingredients.&quot; Now, that's service!I don't get complaints about distance- I was in the tower closest to the MGM and on the moving walk way it seriously took me less than 2 minutes to be in the middle of the MGM. On moving walk ways! What's the complaint?FYI: Don't go to the MGM pool, it's full of drunken fools. The Signature pools are MUCH nicer: the booze is cheaper, there are free giant soft towels and chair covers, and the staff is amazing (seriously: some woman asked for an ice cream bar and. . . they ran to the store to get her some).	
Aug 13 2009 	A suite deal on the strip	Signature and all its amenities have been well covered by previous reviews so all I will say is, if you need a suite in the heart of the action, look no further. Signature has all the features of a top Las Vegas resort, but without the hassle of walking through a crowded casino every time you leave your room. We love the MGM pools, and our room in Tower 1 was less than 5 minutes away from the pool complex - even closer than the hotel. The rooms, the service, everything here is as good as it gets. The only complaint, and it's not MGM's fault, is the construction going on in the immediate area, which makes travel by car a nightmare at almost any hour of the day. The Signature gets my highest recommendation. And if you want a great deal on a suite, many of the property owners here are offering rates as low as half off those on the MGM website. We got one of the largest corner suites, with both strip and mountain views, at a little over $100 a night!	
Aug 13 2009 	Oasis for People with Chidren	Pros: Extras for my one year oldKitchenettes with full utensils, knives, dishes, cutting boards, pots and pans, etc.Great big suitesVery cleanFree bottled water Free wireless in roomStaff makes you feel like royaltyPoolsSmoke-free, casino-freeWalk to MGMConciergeWhirlpool tubTV in bathroomCons:Construction on Harmon StreetA little more walking to get everywhere (doesn't bother us, but could be a pain)Not a selection of dining options like other hotelsBroken ATM in lobby	
Aug 12 2009 	Never Again	Very dis-appointed from the time we got there.We travel to LasVegas at least twice a year, so we are very up on what the proprietors call the comp game.If your new to LasVegas or Gambling in general,it's specials that you get when you return and stay at their properties or dinners being paid for , etc. Because of our previos trips, we were entitled to a free return flight, if we stayed with MGM in April 2009. We passed up a lot of other comp deals for this one in general, but when we got there, they were honoring the free nights,but not the return flight.It was listed in their computer in our reservations,but no matter what or who we talked with,&quot;stated that it was a mistake.So I mentioned the fact of what we had passed up for this and after all the hard times, we ended up changing Hotels and Treasure Island still gave us our Free nights and $175.00 play and eating comps, plus they gave us extra meals and we are now being given 3 comp nights from the new buyers of TI.	
Aug 12 2009 	Fabulous Stay with children	Just returned from a week at the Signature. It was very busy in Vegas, so it was nice to return to the quiet of this hotel. We've visited Vegas lots of times, I think anyone visiting for the first time should maybe stay nearer the Strip to get the whole 'buzz' of the area.Check-in went smoothly, we were on the top floor (38) of Tower 2 facing the mountains. The room (1 bedroom) was fab, lots of room for 4 of us. We had some trouble getting T'internet! to work, but the maintenance came and sorted us out straight away.We used the MGM pool once (wanted to test out the lazy river) but it was too crowded, loud and they checked bags on the way in (through a turnstile), presumably so you couldn't take your own drinks, rubber rings etc in with you. You had to hire theirs.The Signature pool was far more chilled out, less crowded, and you could take your won floaties! Unlimited water, large pool towels and padded sunbeds! A good mix of young and old. There was a lifeguard and a bar with snack menu. The Deli (Delights) at the bottom of tower 2 was decent food at an OK price too. We ate in the room sometimes too, It had all you needed to cook a meal (and a dishwasher). The Starbucks in Tower 1 always seemed quiet, especially compared to the one in the shops at MGM.The walk to the MGM wasn't too bad, It had moving walkways, sometimes it was a bit of a pain (with a 6 and 4 year old), but it was worth it to stay there. You must try room service too, the service is fab! Go - enjoy! I'll deffo go back!	
Aug 12 2009 	Beautiful calm great amenities fabulous room and even better bathroom	We started our honeymoon with 3 nights here. We booked the main MGM Grand but were delighted to be offered a free upgrade to a junior suite here so I cannot speak about the value really - but we got a crazily low rate for the MGM Grand. This place was fantastic! Huge room with the most glorious bathroom - a massive jacuzzi, huge shower and the toiletries were lovely - I don't normally use hotel toiletries. Here, you are in the heart of things but also somehow removed from the manic hecticness. The Signature towers are separated from the main MGM Grand by a long walkway so you can just stroll a few minutes to all the shops, restaurants and attractions there and then retreat to the quiet, calm, bright, lovely oasis there. The fitness centre is free to use and the pool area was also really nice, never too crowded, comfortable loungers, ample towels and free bottles of iced water always to hand and apart from the Monorail that drives directly by it, very quiet and calm.	
Aug 11 2009 	30th Anniversary Trip - as close to perfect as one would hope	Non-smoking and non-gaming didn't seem that important until we got to Vegas where we immediately felt overwhelmed as first-time visitors. The calm, posh, and clean environment of The Signature (Tower 3) made us feel like millionaires. We had a one-bedroom suite and completely enjoyed the luxury while also enjoying the ability to cook up a few home-made breakfasts and make a peanut butter sandwich or two when we just wanted to enjoy our suite. We enjoyed easy access to The Monorail and would recommend getting the &quot;month&quot; pass for both that transit system plus the Deuce, both useful for different reasons. By the time we purchased two three-day passes for each, we might as well have purchased the longer-term passes. Best show tips--don't miss Human Nature's show &quot;The Ultimate Celebration of Motown&quot; and the Zumanity show-dinner package (we an exceptional meal at the Irish Pub at New York New York).	
Aug 11 2009 	Nice stay at the Signature	My husband &amp; I just returned from a stay at the Signature from 8/08/-8/07/09. The purpose of our trip was to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary. We booked it via the MGM/Mirage vacation website. We flew direct on Southwest from Providence to Las Vegas and also received 2 tickets to a Cirque de Soleil show of our choice. (you choose 3 - we received tickets to Zumanity-nice show). We requested Tower 1 and stayed in a suite on the 31th floor. We were upgraded to &quot;penthouse&quot; but all that means is an upper floor and all the suites have balconies. There is no furniture on the balconies so you really can't use it for anything other than a good view. The best things about staying at the Signature were: it is a non-smoking facility, no onsite casino, no stores, good security and key card only entry. It was really the best of both worlds- the MGM Grand was less than a 5 minute walk using the moving walkways and you could be out on the Strip in less than 10 minutes. The monorail entrance was in the MGM Grand Studio Walk and very convenient. Traffic was VERY bad while we were there. There is road construction everywhere and the traffic was in massive grid locks. We tried cabs, buses, the Deuce, the monorail and just plain walking. It was soon clear that the best way for us to travel during the day was by the monorail and then walk to our destination. We did some cabs at night when there was less traffic and that worked well. One day we went to Fremont Street on the Deuce and our trip back was interminable! People on the sidewalk were walking faster than we were traveling. We didn't make that mistake again! After that, we only used the monorail or walked (or both).RAVES:Check in was smooth despite it being very, very busy. The employees always made a point of greeting us by name. Our suite was very nice and very comfortable. It was good sized- more than enough space for 2 people. The king bed was nice and had really soft sheets. June Jacobs toiletries were nice. Housekeeping was very efficient and kept our room well stocked with towels &amp; toiletries. There was a safe in the closet and also 2 nice robes. The kitchenette was handy for cold drinks, simple breakfasts, snacks. It was well stocked for 2 people. Cold water bottles were in the refrigerator. We had room service on our last night and it was very nicely done. Our order was in our room in less than 30 minutes and the food was fresh and hot. A man named Victor delivered it and set it up in our room. He was a very nice, cordial man- job well done. We also used the onsite Starbucks and Delights restaurant. The floor was very quiet. We never saw or heard anyone on our floor. We never waited for the elevator for more than 1-2 minutes at the most.As I said, the balcony had great views of the strip and the surrounding area. The windows were tinted so that kept the bright sun from heating up the suite. We kept the air conditioner at about 70 degrees and we were very comfortable. The pools at the Signature are very nice. Tower 2 is the &quot;main&quot; pool. We also used the smaller Tower 1 pool. Tower 3 pool was closed while we were there. The lounges are very comfortable and there were plenty of towels and bottled water on ice. There is also waitstaff for drinks &amp; food. The &quot;Not So&quot; raves (rants):The &quot;resort fee&quot; is a total ripoff. It is another way for a hotel to raise its prices but not have it show officially. We paid $20 per day resort fee PLUS $2.40 &quot;resort fee tax&quot;. The resort fee is supposedly for bottled water, fitness center use, newspaper that is not delivered to your room- you have to go get it at the front desk, and &quot;free&quot; internet. We found that the fitness is much too small for the amount of guests. It was clean and had good machines, but not enough of them. People were waiting in line for your machine and even got on before you had a chance to wipe it down. We only went once and figured all our walking be our fitness time. And as for the internet, we DO NOT take a computer on vacation. The water and newspapers should be provided complimentary with this level of hotel. Another thing was we had read in many reviews of the hotel doing something &quot;special&quot; for events like significant anniversaries, birthdays, etc. I emailed both the concierge desk and the reservation desk informing them that we would be celebrating our 30th anniversary while we were there and asked if there was anything special that they do for celebrations like this. The concierge sent back a rather rude email stating that they don't every do anything special for anyone (!) and the reservations desk email came from some place in the mid west and they said that they would pass our message along but could not promise anything. We reminded them while checking in, but nothing special was ever done. I expected more from this level of hotel- at least a bed turn down and maybe some chocolates, wine or something like that. Nothing.Some work was being done on a stone facade on a utility building between Tower 2 Pool and Tower 3 Pool. They were pressure washing or drilling something on the stone and it became so noisy we had to leave. It was so loud that you could hardly talk. This was annoyance after it happened several days in a row. We were able to go to Tower 1 Pool, but that pool is at the most half the size of the other pools and would have been very crowded if everyone else had moved too. We never went to the MGM Grand pool complex. It was a ZOO, which is why we stayed at the Signature in the first place.Another thing, our only complaint with the room was this rather skanky upholstered bench at the foot of our bed. It was dirty with stains all over it. Gross to say the least! They should either keep the bench clean or my suggestion would be to remove it entirely. We made sure that none of our things touched. Really gross....CONCLUSION:So, we really did have a wonderful stay at the Signature and would probably stay there again. But, I have to say, that $20 + $2.40 daily resort fee is definately a negative.	
Aug 11 2009 	If going to Vegas - stay here!	Never travelled to Vegas before and chose this hotel because of reading previousTrip Advisor reviews - certainly wasn't disappointed. Very calming atmosphere - quick efficient check in - not witnessed at many other hotel receptions! Suite was very spacious, clean and all very tastefully decorated. Kitchen had full fridge. Two bathrooms - one enourmous one with jacuzzi bath and large shower - granite throughout. Lounge area with large TV and bedroom with most comfortable bed.- It has an covered air conditioned walkway to get to MGM Grande but this is really not a problem.- It is down one end of the strip but this is also not a problem - too hot to really walk anywhere anyway so just walk out of the hotel and jump in the immediate taxi that arrives!Quite different from any of the other hotels we looked at mhile we stayed in vegas but we enjoyed that fact. No huge casinos to walk through to get to your room but the better for it I think. Lots of those to choose from!Travelled to Vegas with our 15 year son - this trip was about seeing the Grand canyon and the Hoover Dam and this hotel was ideal for us. Would definitely return!!	
Aug 11 2009 	Sheer Elegance	I don't normally make comments like this online but I read some of the negative comments written about this luxury hotel and thought what planet were these people on. Yes this hotel does not have all of the excitement going on of the vegas strip but for me that was the whole purpose I stayed there. Every night after a long night of partying and rah rah I looked forward to coming back to my suite of peace and serenity and sheer elegance. I certainly didn't want to try and get my rest for the next night of activities sleeping in a place that sounded like the club I just left. You can't go wrong with the Signature, my next trip to Vegas i will definately stay there again!	
Aug 11 2009 	An Oasis of Calm in an Otherwise Tacky City	This place is tastefully decorated, very well appointed, and has the sweetest, most tranquil little pools you will ever get in Vegas. We found the price very reasonable for the amenities. Recommended without reservation.	
Aug 10 2009 	Best hotel in Vegas!	My husband and I travel to Vegas frequently and generally make it out there 2 or 3 times in a year. We've stayed at The Venetian, The MGM, The New York New York, Excaliber, Luxor, Circus Circus... and finally, on a trip for a friend's birthday- at The MGM Signature. I was beyond impressed with the beauty, comfort and level of service at this hotel. Quiet, clean and a fantastic location. Daily we would call for towels or water or whatever we needed, and it was always promptly delivered by Robert with a smile. He would ask where were off to that evening and give us tips for discounts, great restaurants and let us know where to drop his name to get some extra perks around town. Like having our own personal concierge! In the future, The Signature at MGM will be my always hotel of choice. It costs a bit more and it's WORTH it!	
Aug 9 2009 	Just what we wanted in crazy town!	We visited Vegas as part of our road trip. It wouldn't be top of our list of places to visit and despite the ridiculousness of this place, we had a great time! The hotel is a welcome escape from busy, loud, smoky casinos and a check-in was quick, professional and peaceful (which we didn't see in any other of the lobbies as we walked around). Each block has its own pool which are quiet and uncrowded (and towels and water are provided). The furnishings are corporate and predictable but nevertheless they are high-end, good quality and clean. The suite was spacious and the bathroom fantastic with a great jacuzzi. Normally we would look for a more boutique hotel with charm / character but the Signature is a VERY welcome alternative to the glitz and tack of Las Vegas. I don't know if the aforementioned exists in Vegas although we were also very impressed with the Four Seasons ( a more expensive / chic alternative but which shares the serene and classy feel of the Signature Suites).	
Aug 9 2009 	excellent hotel	My stay at this hotel was excellent. This was the quietest hotel room I have ever stayed in. The amenities were great. I would stay here again for sure. Unfortunately, Las Vegas has decided to block off almost every street at the same time for construction projects which made getting around somewhat of a challenge, but that is not the fault of the hotel!	
Aug 8 2009 	Nicely done but hello...hello...hello	If a guest stays in a gorgeous hotel, but no one is there to see it, did it really occur? Sums up my issue with Signature at MGM. A stay here is like a stay at a Miami Beach condo. A driveway, a guard gate, and a nicely done lobby greet you. Rooms are in one of three towers, but have no real “connection” to one another. Our room was a suite, so it offered a kitchenette, sitting area, bedroom, two bathrooms, and a balcony. The room is modern with sleek furniture, granite counters, etc. The sleeping quarters are comfortable with top-end linens and the television is hidden in the furniture—fun toy. The master bathroom has the “wow” factor with a separate shower and water closet. Dining choices at hotel itself are slim (Starbucks can only go so far). The walk to MGM is not bad, but it does become repetitive. I understand why many people rave about this hotel—price is often very good during the week and it is very clean and modern. However, I felt like a guy in Andromeda Strain looking around for other people if only to confirm that the world was still revolving. That said, my wife loved our time here, so to each his or her own.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Hotel but be there are things you should know before staying there	The Signature at the MGM Grand is a great hotel, but there are things everyone should know before staying there.First, and foremost, Harmon Rd. is under extreme construction. This won't last forever, but the construction is massive and will definitely be around for a while. This makes getting into the out of the hotel by car a nightmare! If you are traveling by cab, you will be over $10 on the meter before you even get out around the corner. This is clearly not the hotel's fault, but you will have to deal with it and it is very frustrating.Second, there is no self parking. The ONLY parking available at the hotel is valet. The valet parking is free, but you won't have access to your car if you leave something inside it and you should tip everytime you have them get your car. You can self park at the MGM and walk along the moving walkway to get into the Signature, but that will take some time and effort even with the moving walkway.Third, on busy weekends they don't let non-guests park in the valet lot. I had a friend staying at the Mandalay Bay who was coming over to my hotel to hang for a while. They told him he had to park at the MGM Grand and walk over. They would not let him park at the Signature saying that they were full this weekend. I thought that was kinda tacky for a luxury hotel.Other stuff: There is no casino so be prepared to travel for your gambling needs. They charge a $20 a day &quot;resort charge&quot; in addition to the room charge. The treat people who book through different websites differently. I stayed there for my birthday and booked through an online booking website. The lady at the front desk said that they have a &quot;program&quot; for people there on there birthday (which I was), but that I was not eligible for it cause I booked through an outside website and not their website. Not sure exactly what the program was, but I think it involved a free room upgrade. I got a room on a lower level floor too. I didn't appreciate being treated like a second class citizen because I booked through another website.The good stuff: The room was beautiful, comfortable and clean. All rooms have jacuzzi tubs which I loved! The pool was very nice and the fitness center was great! As part of your resort fee you can use the fitness center for free, you get free bottled water in your room, at the pool and in the fitness center. In addition to the free bottled water, the fitness center was stocked with towels and anti-bacterial wipes to clean off equipment and sweat. All cardio machines have individual TVs and headphones are available to borrow for free. They even have chilled towels to cool down with after your workout. It was probably the best hotel fitness center I have ever seen.Free high-speed internet is also included in the resort fee. The food in the Delights deli was fantastic! I highly recommend the Mahgarita Pizza, it was awesome! Room service was very good but overpriced.I don't think I would stay there again until after the construction on Harmon is done, but I definitely enjoyed my stay.	
Aug 7 2009 	OASIS OF CALM WITHIN THE CHAOS OF VEGAS	I booked this hotel purely on the basis of trip advisor. I change my hotel from the bellagio to this one and we were not disappointed at all in fact it is one of the best hotels i have stayed in.Yes the strip is 2 blocks away (5/10 min walk) but you need to get away from the chaos of the strip the signature is so perfectly calm. to start off we up graded to a one bedroom suite. the rooms were massive and had 2 bathrooms lounge and bedroom. When you arrive in vegas you will notice that there are few hotels with balconies the signature does have them in each room. there is a tv which come out of the desk in the bed room a great boys toy. a sub zero fridge which has ice maker. jacuzzi bath and 2 great showers. On the first day we went to look at the mgm swimming pool which we found busy and when we went to the signatures pool we did not leave this area to swim as again so queit and peaceful. As it is aprt of the mgm hotels you can use all the facilities of the mgm grand and also put drinks etc on our bill. We got the signature to book the grands night club and we got free vip passes. nice touchI defy anyone to find a better hotel in vegas for the price.	
Aug 6 2009 	Fantastic-A gem of a place to stay	As a single female who had previously visited Vegas with company I was unsure where to stay as a solo traveller. I was so happy to find The Signature. A big plus for me is that it is non-smoking. As after walking through all the smoky hotels it was great to return to the non-smoking environment. I felt safe staying there as you had to swipe your card to get in via mgm grande. The room was fantastic. Spacious with good size bed, facilities for self catering and a bathroom with shower, spa bath and even a tv! The only down side was having to walk all the way to the mgm to get breakfast, there is a starbucks but sometimes you want more than that. Have booked again for next year.	
Aug 6 2009 	Style off Strip	I stayed at this hotel earlier in the year with 2 friends and it was certainly an enjoyable experience. The rooms are a decent size and easily sleep 3. It was nice to have a seperate living area, and access to a kitchen meant that we were able to keep chilled drinks and snacks in the roon; essential in the dessert!The bathroom in the room was one of the highlights. A large stand-alone shower cubicle, seperate toilet, double sinks and a highly relaxing large spa bath.We were fortunate enough to get a room on one of the higher floors so the views over the strip were an additional positive point.The only downside to this hotel was the location. Despite the connecting walkway to MGM it does take a good 15 minutes to walk to the strip from the room. One morning I went out for breakfast and was gone for 45 minutes!However, it can be argued that the style, comfort and space afforded by the MGM Signature more than compensates for the extra show leather used to reach it :)	
Aug 6 2009 	Best place to stay in Las Vegas	My husband and I stayed here for 8 nights during our honeymoon. We had a fantastic time. There was a special chocolate selection waiting for us in our room when we arrived. The room was gorgeous- very spacious and had everything you needed. It was great to have the fridge to keep drinks cold in the Las Vegas heat. The front desk and concierge staff were excellent- very courteous and friendly. It was great that there was 1 pool for each tower as it didnt get too packed and you could nearly always get a seat. We have stayed in the Bellagio and Treasure Island and this was definately the most enjoyable stay. The only quibble I would have is that there is not many vegetarian selections on the room service menu. Overall, it was a very enjoyable stay and I would definately go back.	
Aug 6 2009 	Brilliant Hotel - would recommend to anyone going to Vegas.	Me and my partner went for a 7 night stay to Vegas in June. We stayed in tower 1 on the 35th floor in a junior suite. Staff were friendly and on arrival we were asked if we had any room preferences but after 15 hours travelling we were exhausted and didn't think of anything at the time...we realised after that that was when we should have said we wanted a balcony! So if they ask on arrival just remember to specify the floor you would like to stay on and what view/balcony you would like. However, despite not having a balcony we had a good view and the room was absolutely gorgeous. The bed is really comfy and the room stayed cool without needing the air con on constantly. The bathroom is huge and the shower is the best shower iv ever used. We were never bothered by any noise and I think that if staying in the MGM you could be bothered by the noise of the casino. The Signature is like an oasis to return to after being out in the madness of Vegas. If going again we would definately stay at the Signature.	
Aug 6 2009 	A Little Disappointed	I took my wife to Vegas for the first time this June and wanted to book a nice hotel rather than my &quot;anywhere's fine, we won't sleep anyways&quot; friend trips. I've never had this problem before. NO COLD WATER. Yes, I've experienced no hot water before but never this. We never had a made stop by in the two days we stayed there and never got the newspaper we were promised in their promotion.Pluses: Comfortable beds, nice bathrooms.Cons: No cold water, no service of the room.	
Aug 6 2009 	Gorgeous hotel - just keep an eye on your bill	We stayed 3 nights at the Signature, choosing it because of it's slightly quieter location. Having said that once there we discovered noisy construction traffic and that the Signature is located at the far end of the strip so walking to the other end of the strip at nights took 50 minutes to cover the 2 miles each way - however this is no fault of the hotel. The hotel itself was really fabulous, luxurious junior suite - very spacious, beautiful bathroom with jacuzzi bath and very comfy bed. It certainly was the best hotel we stayed in during our road trip in USA. The pool was lovely and not too noisy with children and the bar tender in the lounge bar was very pleasant, happy hour 4-6pm. If you want a good quality hotel with fewer children and you don't mind walking, I would choose this hotel. Only negative was having to watch two lots of wrong items charged to our bill and the way they accounted for the special promotional credit was confusing.	
Aug 5 2009 	Fantastic Tasteful Hotel Near Strip	My girlfriend &amp; i stayed at the Signature for 3 nights. We were travelling around the USA &amp; Canada as part of our around the world trip during which we stayed in 100+ hotels &amp; motels over a 5 month period. The Signature is certainly one of our favourites. The rooms are very nice, we stayed in a 1 bed suite facing towards the strip. Everything is very clean &amp; the decor is tasteful. Everything feels new even though it must be a few years old by now. The bed was very comfortable &amp; the bathroom &amp; bath itself are amazing. There are small lcd tvs in the bathroom too. The staff were polite &amp; friendly. It is valet parking only i think. We didn't use the pool but it looked ok from the balcony. There is a 5 minute walk to the MGM Grand but it's the least you could do with after all that eating &amp; drinking! Probably cannot do much better for the money.	
Aug 5 2009 	Luxury room for a great price!	We stayed for 2 nights at the Signature @ MGM Grand during our trip in western USA. This was w/o doubt the best hotel of the trip, with a nice special offer at the time we came: our junior suite package included 2 breakfasts, 2 cocktails at the pool bar and $30 of credit to use for hotel services such as in-room dining. Location: close to the center of the strip (5-10' walk straight to Las Vegas bvd, the same going inside to the MGM Grand). The fact that this facility is separate from the casino itself means however that it is calmer, smoke-free and more sophisticated, which we appreciated.General facilities: 3 towers. Tower 1 is the closest to the action, Tower 3 is the most distant. One pool per tower + the pools from the original MGM Grand.Design: modern and fancy design - very nice,Check-in: was quick, professional, efficient, with a good level of information. Complimentary valet parking was included.The room: opening the door was the highlight: the junior site included a huge king-size bed, a large flat screen, a fully equipped kitchen, a sofa, a desk, some comfortable seats and a bathroom with both jacuzzi and independent shower. We could have stayed there with pleasure the full 2 days...The included continental breakfast (@ &quot;Delight&quot;): The breakfast included juice, yoghurt with cereals or fruit, and a choice of one cake. The yoghurt and fruits were very good, however one of us would have preferred to exchange the cake for some toast or bread. The pancakes of the American breakfast also looked great on the other tables. The staff was a bit confused at the time we were there, and some of them mainly spoke Spanish. The service in &quot;Delight&quot; was not as good as elsewhere at MGM.Other services: we tried the in-room dining on evening. The waiter arrived on time (after 30') with a small wagon that he could leave in the room as table. Food was nice (not exceptional but fully ok for the price).We will definitely stay there again if we travel back to Las Vegas, probably asking for a room in Tower 1 or 2 to reduce a bit the walking (the Haagen Dazs ice cream from the MGM Grand was melting a bit too fast on the way back in spite of the AC :-)).	
Aug 4 2009 	Best LV hotel - what walk?	Just stayed 2 nights at MGM Signature on the &quot;birthday&quot; special. We were able to upgrade to a 1 bedroom suite since my dh's birthday was the day we checked in + $100 worth of drinks at the pools. The 1 bedroom was absolutely gorgeous. We were in Tower 1 as requested on the 37th floor in a corner suite. Huge windows with a balcony!! The 1 bedrooms seem to be configured in a way that the bedroom is several rooms away from the suite next door. We never heard a sound and elevators were readily available.The complaints about the walk amaze me because we timed it the last day walking very slowly and from our suite to the casino it was 5 minutes. The pools - the one at the Signature and the main MGM area are actually closer to those staying at the Signature than those in the MGM Grand.We loved it - staff was great. Free internet, free bottles of water whenever , fitness center all included for the $20 resort fee.We have stayed at the MGM, Mandalay Bay, Monte Carlo, Treasure Island, Paris, and the Mirage in the past - the Signature is the best by far of all of our experiences.Do not be scared of the walk because it is no further than any of the other big strip hotels.	
Aug 4 2009 	Now we can say we've been to Vegas	Not being gamblers and having no time to take in any shows since it was just an overnight stay, I cannot say much about this city but can about our hotel experience. What I did experience was bad traffic due to road construction. We booked at the Signature because it does not have any gambling facilities on site, thus it is a quieter location. The entrance was a little difficult to find but we did after stopping for directions. The desk attendant was all business like, no pleasantries, and I would describe her as a cold fish. The room was nicely appointed (17th floor). The doorman on leaving the next morning was very nice, provided us with accurate directions to leave the city and even provided us with several bottles of water for our next destination, Death Valley. The hotel is connected by an enclosed walkway to the MGM Grand which does have a monorail stop. If you're looking for a non gambling facility this would fit the bill but be prepared for the &quot;Resort Fee&quot; which was explained to me as covering the WiFi, 2 small bottles of water, in-room coffee (enough for maybe 2 cups) and pool access. Personally, I think we'd stay somewhere else if we ever go back--doubtful we will.	
Aug 4 2009 	Grade A+++ Accommodation! Would stay there again	Signature at MGM is a great place to stay! We stayed 5 nights in Tower 3, which was unfortunately the furthest away from the MGM Grand Resort and is a bit of walk, but all in all it looks like the best accommodation in Las Vegas. Given that you have your own balcony looking over the fantastic Las Vegas, as its away from the crowds of people. Easier to check in and check out than staying at any other hotel in Vegas. I would stay here again. Especially if you are taking the family, it has great pools and resort features and has access to MGM Grand with all the Buffet restaurants etc... Loved it!	
Aug 3 2009 	Nice and Relaxing	This was our first stay at the Signature and we loved it. Front desk, concierge and pool staff were very helpful, friendly and professional. We woke in the morning had a light breakfast, spent the day lounging by the pool, then went out and enjoyed the night life. So we enjoyed the best of both worlds. We did booked through a private owner VRBO.com so the housekeeping, etc. is not done through the hotel but the front desk gave us a direct number to call if we needed anything.	
Aug 3 2009 	Get out your walking shoes	Overall the resort was really nice. The rooms were great, the pool was great, the service was great. My only problem with the hotel is that it is about a 10-15 minute walk to the MGM Grand Casino. The walk was covered and had moving walkways for some of it but it would of been a lot better to just get off the elevator and be in the casino.	
Aug 3 2009 	Disappointed by the small things	The valet and check-in were flawless and the rooms were well appointed and spacious. However, the overall stay has been quite disappointing. My room had no housekeeping. I rang for the room to be cleaned that evening and for the coffee to be replenished but did not receive any service. I was moved to a clean room instead and was told they didn't have enough staff to clean all of the rooms. The room I was moved to had a damaged light fitting that was about to fall off.Also the quality of the stay depends on who else is on the floor. You will hear any noisy guests as the doors do not appear to be sound proofed.	
Aug 2 2009 	Would book next time directly thru hotel	Booked a Jr. suite with Blue Chip. Rate was $535 for 4 nights Tues - Friday; fair but not really a smokin' deal. The room was nice but had several broken items which required maintence to visit the room twice; very inconvenient when I wanted to relax. Kitchen lacked plates and although there was a coffee maker, only one pkg. of coffee. When I phoned the front desk to request more packs of coffee, they gave one but said that since the room was booked via Blue Chip, they should provide the refills. I just went downstais to the Starbucks.We attend an annual conference in Vegas and try to mix some business with leisure. Have stayed at five different hotels and resorts in the area and would return to the Signature due to the outstanding service of the front desk, door men, etc. they were all friendly, helpful and went the extra to provide a good experience to guests.A note on the pool area. Would not recommend this place for families as the pool areas are tight with many loungers and a small pool. There's not much to entertain kids so they end up with their noodles and toys all over the place. One mom was feeding her brood IN THE POOL -- GROSS!	
Aug 2 2009 	Best Place to stay in Las Vegas	From start to finish, the stay was awesome! Different approach to a hotel that we love! Location was a bit confusing because of nearby construction but you will find it worth it! The staff was really professional! If you visit and want a great hotel/resort, go to Signature at MGM Grand in Las Vegas!	
Aug 1 2009 	Beautiful calm oasis in the midst of insane Las Vegas!	The Signature is an elegant, calm place to stay. The rooms are large and beautiful. The pools are peaceful and best of all the hotel is non-smoking! I would highly recommend staying at the Siganture if you are not fond of hordes of screaming people and smoke filled lobbys. You can certainly get your fill of the latter by taking a quick walk to the attached MGM which feels very much like a huge, crowded mall with no escape! The Signature is close enough to the Strip without being on the strip. Taxis are plentiful and the hotel staff cannot do enough for you. The rooms are very clean as are the three pools (1 in each of their towers). I only have two minor complaints: the pool areas are not smoke free and there are not enough places to get food or even a snack in the hotel in the evening. You must make the trek to the grand which is a good ten minute walk away. Granted, it is through a moving passage way for the most part but late at night when you just want an ice cream or a bag of chips, it feels pretty ridiculous that there isn't even a small sundry store in the hotel itself. Another suggestion would be a mini bar with snacks in the rooms. All that being said, my husband and I had a fantastic experience at the Signature and after checking out several of the other hotels on the strip, we are so happy that we chose this one and would gladly return!	
Jul 31 2009 	A great resort!	A few highlights:- check in at the airport was easy- had a room on the 36th floor with a large balcony- resort was quiet- walk to MGM was easy and I thought went quickly- room service was great, food was fresh...even at 3am!	
Jul 31 2009 	Excellent hotel	Sorry for the delay in posting this review. We stayed in this hotel for new year and it was excellent the views from the balcony are fab. Although the hotels aren't allowed to have fireworks off the roofs anymore since Mirage caught fire from firework display.We stayed in Tower 2 and the room was amazing. We loved the TV in the bathroom. I would recommend anyone to go there. The walk through to MGM isn't as bad as people make out, there are travelators to help you along. Plus you are the right end to catch the monorail.	
Jul 31 2009 	MGM Signature is awesome!	I just recently spent another 5 days at the MGM Signature tower #3, making this my 4th trip now to the same location. I can’t say enough about this place it is just amazing. I visit Vegas once a year, sometimes twice for the past 8 years and right now I wouldn’t think of staying anywhere else. I absolutely love the fact that I can go to the grocery store and stock the kitchen for my stay, allowing me the freedom to eat, snack and drink whenever I want. It is so nice to be able to stay in and cook a complete meal if I choose. It is also such a money saver. I always rent from the same people and I always request the same corner unit in tower #3 overlooking the pool. By the way, if your looking for a referral for someone to rent from, I travel two or three times a year and always go through Condo Hotel Marketplace dot com. They are absolutely a joy to do business with and their over the top customer service has ensured me being a customer for life and to also spread the word. They have properties all over the country and if they don’t have what you are looking for, they will find someone who does. If the people at condo hotel marketplace read this review, thank you all so much for always making it a great experience for me and making me feel like your only customer, even though I know you are crazy busy, you always make me feel like I am the only one. There are 3 towers in all and they each have their own pool. The pools do not get over crowded like most do out in Vegas. This is nice not only for the relaxation of it but also for the faster service from the bar / grill as well. When it gets really, really hot, the pool Gods walk around and hand out ice-cold towels on a silver platter. I swear to you, this has happened to me at the Signature before. I have written about it in a previous review of the Signature. I wouldn’t have believed it either if I hadn’t seen it. One of my favorite parts is right outside the pool area, there are chairs and couches around an open outside fireplace that you can turn on and off. A nice relaxing day in Vegas for me is sitting at the pool all day, eating dinner in the comfort of the condo and then taking some beverages outside to the “lounge area”. The fireplace is gas and doesn’t put off much heat, just nice ambience. Then if you’re not ready to call it a night yet, the MGM Grand is connected by a walkway and you can walk over there and hit the bars. Studio 54 is my favorite over at MGM Grand. Then a short walk back inside through the walkway, no cabs involved, you never even have to walk outside! Lobby Lounge, Tower #1 is also a favorite of mine. I always make sure I visit at least once during my stay. I’ve said it before… the tacos are my favorite! Whoever thought to start building these condo hotels is brilliant. The prices are comparable to a regular hotel room and the money saved on food and beverage is insurmountable. Not to mention the separate living room, dining room and bedroom. It’s like having your own apartment while on vacation. I highly recommend the MGM Signature Towers. And I’d like to thank them for providing such an awesome Vegas experience!	
Jul 30 2009 	An absolutely fabulous time at the Signature	We Stayed at the signature for our anniversary. This being my first real trip to vegas, I did plenty of research. We stayed in tower 3- the furthest from the strip- but found the short walk to the moving walkways fine- after a short trip on the walkway you were in the mgm. Yes, you have to walk for about 5 minutes tops from the farthest tower- but this is vegas- you have to walk everywhere! We found the signature to be a nice oasis away from the lights and craziness of the strip and really enjoyed the smoke-free feature. Our Jr. suite was clean , beautiful and had a huge jacuzzi tub with a tv in the bathroom. We loved it so much that we are staying there again for this year's anniversary. And, my hubby loved the bowls of free apples in the lobby. Plus, complementary valet parking is always a bonus.	
Jul 30 2009 	A great Stay...	My wife and I stayed here on our honeymoon for seven nights. Our experience was exactly what we expected from other reviews on TA. Our Jr Suite was well appointed and we got put on the upper penthouse floor after telling the desk at check in that it was our honeymoon. All of the staff were very friendly and professional. We utilized the mini kitchen for breakfast and the fridge came in handy for keeping drinks cold. The pools at tower 1 and 2 were great. The pools were not huge but suited the crowd and there were rarely kids. Mostly people relaxing having a drink..a chat or reading a book. The food poolside was quite good and reasonable. Once you check out the MGM grand pool s and see the crowds and screaming etc you will be more then happy to head back to the signature pools like we did. Now about the walk.....We stayed in tower 1 and the walk into the MGM Grand took about 5-6 mins. To get to Las Vegas Blvd you just go through the casino, past the lion habitat and studio 54 and you are on the strip. Be prepared to walk when in Vegas if you want to see the sights and attend various shows. Also be prepared for those dummies snapping these little cards at you with 1-800- girls or something on them. There must be 40 of these people on the strip and 1 million of these little cards everywhere. Harmon avenue is under construction (street that runs beside the signature towers)...this makes for expensive cab rides and a dangerous/loud walk so stick to Las Vegas Blvd when walking. The monorail also stops at the MGM. We found the monorail a good way to travel to avoid the scorching heat and access the other end of the strip. (Love at the Mirage, Wynn etc) My only complaint about the monorail is that when you get off at a stop you have to walk through the casino/hotel where the monorail stops....which can make it confusing to try and find the strip. It is not really a big deal as it is great to explore the other hotels... but after a while you can get a bit frustrated trying to find your way out.We stayed for seven nights and attended David Copperfield...Jersey Boys...Peepshow and Beatles Love. We really enjoyed all of the shows and for Peepshow and David Copperfield we bought our tickets at the Tickets 4 Tonight location just up from the MGM Grand Under the big coke bottle. We went to the grand canyon..hoover dam..route 66 and lake meade as part of Grand Adventure tours(awesome), went to the premium outlets and visited all of the major hotels and casions.Explore when it comes to dining options. There is everything from the MacDonalds dollar menu to high end restaurants. We enjoyed the Italian restaurants at the Venetian. There are these little booklets/magazines called Las Vegas to go available free and they do a nice job of listing all of the restaurants...entertainment etc. There is also a magazine in the room that is very similiar but it is too bulky to carry. Get a Las Vegas to go booklet at the front desk.  As far as casinos go some of the people at the MGM were a bit rude and we did not get offered a drink once in seven days.. We are not gamblers by any means,..but were willing to basically donate our money via slots and roulette. We found planet hollywood to have the most friendly staff...they offered us drinks right away even when we just threw in a dollar at the penny slots while on our way through. The Signature hotel is excellent and met our expectations. It was our first time in Vegas and we enjoyed it. We would stay here again. Cheers	
Jul 30 2009 	Top stay in LV	What a great stay! We booked a one bedroom suite for a week and felt like we were home. Upon arrival, free valet parking awaited us, and entering the lobby, we knew we would be enjoying the luxurious grounds. At check in, we were offered a Strip view, although we had booked a Mountain view. I stuck with the Mountain (and airport) view since it was on a much higher floor, the 35th floor. You DON’T ear the planes at all and it’s pretty cool to see them land and take off if you’re into that. The room, (or condo should I say) was approx 1000 sq ft, with a fully equipped kitchen, living room, a separate bedroom, 1 master bathroom with glass shower and huge Jacuzzi and another bathroom with a large glass shower. Everything is high end, with 3 flat screen TVs, Jacuzzi tub, Subzero fridge, Miele stove and oven, Bosch dishwasher, Villeroy &amp; Boch tableware, … everything is top notch except for the coffee machine. They should upgrade it for a fancy espresso machine, they clearly have the budget to do it, but I guess they want us to spend a few bucks at the Starbucks in the lobby!Free bottled water is available everyday in the room, at the 3 pools and the 2 gyms. Free Wireless Internet works perfectly, even by the poolside. Signature residents also have full access to the MGM Grand pools which are a lot more crowded but good if you’re into the “see and be seen” action. The Signature is a small walk to Strip, but OK and anyway, if you’re going to LV, you should expect to walk a lot. Tower 1 is the closest to MGM Grand. We were in Tower 3 which is actually closer to the Bellagio, Paris, Ceasar’s… An advice is to walk inside the Miracle Mile shops (Planet Hollywood) across Harmon Street from Tower 3. It will land you on the Strip and in the action without a sweat.	
Jul 30 2009 	We will be back!	Fabulous, fabulous, fabulous!Perhaps the BEST hotel I have ever stayed in for service.We arrived after a long drive from the California via London Bridge in Arizona so were a little weary! As you drive into the Signature, you arrive at the gates where your reservation is acknowledged and you are directed to either tower 1, 2 or 3. We were in 3. The valet was at the side of our car in an instant as we pulled up and opened the door. In the seconds it took to drive to the Tower our reservation details had obviously been passed through to the Valet as we were greeted by name. Nice touch. Ice cold water was brought to drink as we waited for the bags to be removed from the boot and we were taken in to the reception. All the time we were chatted to by all of the staff who genuinely wanted to be there and helpful, none of this &quot;I'm only doing this til I can find a better job&quot; attitude!Check in was quick and we really were feeling like VIP's by this stage. We took the lift up to I think the 33rd floor! Fantastic room, all mod cons, about twice the size of a normal room and had a kitchenette which was a godsend for Vegas.Within about 10 minutes our luggage arrived and the porter brought it in, and then went on to show us bits and peices in the room and THE BALCONY!!!! 33rd floor and you could walk outside??? Only did it the once, that was more than enough.The bathroom was massive, a huge jacuzzi, shower large enough for 2, and a seperate toilet. The kingsize bed was so comfortable, and there was also a lounge area with sofa and chair.the kitchenette had all you needed to keep yourself from starving in the morning! Toaster, coffee maker, microwave, fridge, mini hob etc. Tower 3 is the furthest tower from the MGM, but it's a pleasant walk through towers 2 ( there's a Starbucks there) and 1 to get there. Then you make your way throught the MGM casino out onto the Strip opposite NY NY. Or you can leave Tower 3, walk to the main gate where you drive in and turn left. Then it's just a short walk to the Strip and you come out just before Planet Hollywood. We didn't have a problem with either way and we were there for 5 nights so tried all ways!The very best thing about the Signature is the service. We stayed at the Bellagio last year and although it is a stunning hotel, we didn't feel the service was any better than anywhere else we had stayed. Not bad service at all, just indifferent. But The Signature have obviously taken good old fashioned hospitality and made it their trademark. I can honestly say I will not be staying anywhere else in Vegas whilst the Signature are at the top of their game!!	
Jul 30 2009 	A Great Hotel	It is HUGE.... A Bit confusing the beginning... Did not know where to check in.....We finally made our way to Tower 1.. Grand Reception, Good Rooms (Spacious).., Good Service.... You need to take a long walk for your Breakfast section....I just found the overall experience overwhelming.....	
Jul 29 2009 	Buyer beware! Never again!!	We booked this hotel through hotels.com and had absolutely no idea these rooms are mostly privately owned. After spending literally hours on the phone the day of our arrival due to an error on the part of the third party booking agent (we were unaware of) we were finally given a room. While the room did have bedding on the king bed there were abslolutely no towels, no soap, no coffe, and no bedding for the pull-out sofa upon our arrival. Because our room was not managed directly by MGM, the housekeeping on-site refused to provide us with even a single towel for the night or with bedding for our son or a crib for our baby. The alternate housekeeping which services the 800 rooms here which are not managed by MGM is only available from 10am to 4pm and we weren't given a room until 6pm. To further the nightmare, the shower only spewed out scalding hot water and was unusable. There were people slamming doors and making racket in the hallways all night long and the pools were very basic an unimpressive. I'm not sure why this place would be worth the 5-block walk from the main casino when it is just as noisy and totally disorganized. We will definitely stay at Paris next visit where we had a 100% better experience previously.	
Jul 29 2009 	Fantastic	We stayed 10 days at the Signature. This is a fantastic hotel. The staff was friendly and eager to please. The rooms were spacious and well-maintained. The short walk to the MGM was by a covered walkway, which was quite appreciated in the 107+ degree heat! The only drawback, which in no way reflects on this hotel, was the road construction which made access difficult. All in all, a wonderful hotel and we would definitely stay again.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great hotel in the middle of chaos	We checked in at the airport so our arrival was smooth and pleasant. We also managed to pick up our Love tickets at the airport saving us an early trip to The Mirage. The staff at the Signature was very friendly and professional. I liked being off the strip a little, away from the madness. It was quiet - most of the time. The pool area was great, very relaxing. We never had a problem finding a lounger or a drink. I was surprised to see that the trip from Tower 2 to the MGM casino was only 7 minutes -I timed it. From some of the comments on TA, you'd have thought it was a 20 mile hike with a full pack. My only complaint about the hotel might be the sound coming from the hallways. I'm not sure that's really a reflection of the hotel but more a comment on the boatloads of 20 years olds roaming Vegas on their parent's credit cards. Every night there were punks yelling up and down the halls with no respect for anyone else on the floor - how's that for sounding like an old fart.The only other issue we had was totally out of the hotel's control but it might be helpful to anyone staying at the Signature in the next couple of weeks. Harmon is under construction and getting in and out of the hotel is a major pain. The mornings aren't too bad but the evenings are horrible. Our taxi meter was at $10 before we got to Harmon, just waiting in line to get out of the property. The monorail or walking to the MGM for a cab would be better options. In general the hotel is extremely nice and a good value. I think it would be difficult to find a comparable property at this price.	
Jul 27 2009 	No surprises - just plain nice	Two main things about Signature at MGM:Location: It's pretty much at one end of the strip. Don't be fooled, it is a very long walk to the other end of the strip if you want to visit The Venetian or Caesar's Palace. There are 3 towers at Signature, and Tower 3 is the furthest away from the main strip. That walk to the strip itself is probably around 5 minutes. The room: If you think you'll enjoy the room by looking at the pictures, I'm telling you now that you'll enjoy the room when you get there. It's beautifully furnished and neatly decorated. And the bathroom/toilet is absolutely fantastic. Never under-estimate the usefulness of two sinks! The downstairs pool is also a gem. There are plenty of pool chairs for you to lie on and umbrellas to shield you from the sun. Bar service is also good. The hotel literally towers over the pool, so with the golden towers standing tall, being in the pool is a surreal experience.Overall, I think your choice depends on your purpose in Vegas. If you are in Vegas for a relaxing and chilled out holiday, where you intend on spending a lot of time in the hotel room, in the pool and in the gym, Signature is as good as you'll get. If you want to constantly go out on the strip, visit all the hotels and go to multiple clubs and shows, you might want to consider finding a hotel closer to the middle of the strip (like Bellagio or Bill's)Oh one last thing, the wireless internet there was very unreliable when I was there. But for whatever reason you're in Vegas, I'm sure using the Internet isn't one of them anyway.	
Jul 27 2009 	Fantastic room and Great Staff	Stayed at Signature 7-19-09 through 7-23-09. Tower 1, 37th floor jr. suite with balcony. We rented from a private owner and had a great experience. No daily housekeeping, but we did not need it. (was available for an extra fee) Plenty of towels and bath products. The room had a comfortable king bed with nice linens. Nice sofa and chairs in the sitting area. The unit has a kitchen area with sink, microwave, range top, coffee maker, blender and fridge. My wife used the coffee maker and we kept soda and juice in the small fridge. The kitchen area in our unit also had nice utensils and glassware. The bathroom was large with big jacuzzi tub, glass shower and double vanity. The toilet was in its own little room. The view was of NYNY, Monte Carlo, the nearly completed City Center and the new PH Westgate tower. (PH Westgate tower blocks the view of Paris). If you didn't mind leaning over the rail you could see Excalibur to the left. During our visit there was very little traffic on our floor so it was very quiet. From Tower 1 to the back of MGM Grand was approx. 260 yards. You get there through an enclosed air conditioned walkway with moving sidewalks. We found it very nice to escape the noise, crowds and smoke of the main hotel. We went to MGM Grand pool, crowded, but very niceThe Signature staff was outstanding. Every person we came into contact with was professional and courteous. Check in and ckeck out was a &quot;breeze&quot;. The concierge desk was fantastic: handled our rental car onsite (with a good rate) and gave us directions and info for Hoover Dam and Red Rock Canyon. The valet staff was fantastic. I could go on about the staff, but I think you get the point.Vegas is big. A block in Vegas is a long way. One day we left our room and walked up Harmon St. and entered Miracle Mile shops. We then exited onto the Strip through the front of PH. We walked all the way to the Wynn. Not that bad because we stopped in many of the bigger resorts to get out of the heat. I liked the Imperial Palace Car Collection (go online for a free entry coupon). Venetian and Bellagio fountains are &quot;must sees&quot;. We also enjoyed two different dueling piano bars and Blue Man Group one evening. My wife and I don't drink or smoke and I gambled very little and we still had a great time in Las Vegas. If you don't mind the walk, you can't go wrong with the Signature.J.C.South Carolina	
Jul 26 2009 	Lovley hotel with lovley staff	The staff at the Signature at MGM Grand were the best I have ever come across. When we were checked in we received maps, how best to access the hotel and the strip and what best to do. We were moved to a higher floor, 37th of 38 on request and it was no bother whatso ever. I loved every second of it. Care and attention to detail were second to none.	
Jul 26 2009 	Cool Quiet Luxury Room	We stayed 4 nights in the Signature, booked through their website. We used the promotion with the code &quot;birthday&quot; and since my husband's birthday fell within 30 days of our stay (yes, they check ID) we got to upgrade to a One Bdrm Suite for free. We stayed in Tower One - it was perfection!! Quiet, comfortable, and we had everything we needed - fully stocked kitchen, lots of thick towels, June Jacobs spa collection shampoo, conditioner, and body lotion, two white bathrobes, many pillows, luxurious bedding, helpful concierge, good housekeeping, valet parking...you name it, they can get it for you. Beautiful suite - granite counters, large showers (there are 2 bathrooms in the One Bedrm Suite - one off the living area and another off the bedroom) great appliances in the kitchen, large jetted tub in one bath, and wonderful storage - his and hers closets, room safe etc. This place was awesome!Yes, we did have to walk a bit to get to MGM but the moving walkways were helpful and it was a treat not to have to walk in the heat. All parking was valet - if you called down, your car would be waiting when you stepped out the door. I am still stunned at how quiet our room was, and the king-size bed was amazing. With the Signature, you can use their pools or the MGM pools too. Only negative was having to pay the resort fee ($20 per day) but we were notified of that in advance. When we return to Vegas, this is where we want to stay.	
Jul 24 2009 	Exactly as advertised	My husband and I stayed at the Signature for our 10th wedding anniversary in July. This was our third trip to Vegas and we were looking for a luxury hotel away from all the crowds/craziness of the Strip. For this, the Signature was exactly as we expected. We stayed in Tower 1 and had a lovely &quot;penthouse&quot; (just means a higher floor) suite. Room was clean, nicely appointed and very comfortable. We did not have a balcony room which I would have liked. The bathroom was the best part-- glass shower, jet tub, flat screen TV, double sinks, etc. We didn't really use the kitchen amenities but the fridge did come in handy and I can see how someone staying for a longer period of time (we were only there for the weekend) would really use them. The Tower 1 pool was fine-- very small but quiet and calm compared to the MGM Grand Pool. Had lunch at the Sig pool which was good; also had breakfast at Delights one morning which was a nice option for light fare. Overall, I don't know that I'd stay again since we spent much of our time at the other end of the Strip (Venetian, Wynn, etc.) and it was a HIKE to get back and forth. I think that if you are willing to spring for cabs, this doesn't make much of a difference. Or if you plan to spend most of your time in the MGM Grand or even down at Mandalay Bay. We will probably try something different next time but, honestly, for the price, accomodations, service (valet/bellhops were fantastic) and amenities, you can't go wrong at the Signature.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great room great location with some peace and quiet	My wife and I stayed at the Signature the week of 7/12. We booked the hotel through the Signature website and got a great rate ($105/nt + resort fee for Jr. Ste.). This was a tremendous value for the class of hotel that The Signature is. CHECK-IN/ARRIVAL: The check-in at the MGM facility at McCarran was a bit slow, but it got that part of the trip out of the way. Upon arrival, we were warmly welcomed to the hotel by the staff. (In fact, any time that we required any assistance, the staff was more than eager to help us.) ROOM: We stayed in Tower 3, on one of the PH floors. The room was beautiful and provided a view of The Strip. Unfortunately, that view was somewhat tarnished by the construction going on at Planet Hollywood, City Center and essentially every street in Southern Las Vegas, but that has nothing to do with The Signature. Regardless, the room was quiet, very well appointed and relaxing . The king size bed could be one of the most comfortable beds that we had ever slept on. The bathroom was very spacious and also well appointed. The jacuzzi tub and huge shower were nice features. My wife especially loved the soaps and lotions provided by the hotel. The in room kitchen was largely unused by us, aside from the fridge and the coffee maker. But, it was convenient. All in all the room was excellent and we couldn't have asked for better accommodations.POOL: The Signature pools are laid back and quiet, which was perfect for us. We were looking for some sun (of which there was no shortage) and the occasional dip in the pool. The pool staff was very attentive to the guests. As an example, the temps were hovering between 105 - 115F that week. The folks at the pool made sure that water was continually available and encouraged the guests to keep hydrated. Drink and food service was also prompt and courteous. We did venture to the pool complex at MGM one morning, but it was crowded and busy. That was alright for about 2h, but we made our way back to the quiet pools at The Signature.LOCATION: This is a non-gaming hotel and it is a short walk to The Strip. We just stepped out of Tower 3, made a left up Harmon Ave and ducked into the Miracle Mile Shops (to cool down) then stepped out onto The Strip in front of PH. It is a bit of a walk to the MGM, but it is enclosed and there are people movers to assist you. We realized that anyone visiting Vegas should be prepared to walk, so we were prepared to hoof it a lot. If you do not like to walk, Vegas may not be the destination for you.TRANSPORTATION: Our only complaint from our stay was with the shuttle service. MGM has an agreement with Executive [Transportation] whereby you can purchase shuttle service upon check-in, which we did. The service from McCarran to the hotel was just fine, because we were the first stop for the shuttle. The return trip never happened, hence our displeasure (to say the least). Here's the deal... We had an afternoon flight, so I arranged to be picked-up at Tower 3, 2 1/2h before the flight. When I confirmed, the person that I spoke to mentioned that the shuttle could be a little late as it was picking up other passengers. That was fine, a couple of minutes... Well, a little late turned into 45 min and 3 phone calls to Executive. We canceled the shuttle and quickly got a cab to take us to McCarran. The cab driver got us to the terminal quickly and safely (we were looking at Friday afternoon traffic with all of the roads torn up), but the snafu with Executive left us livid. We are in the process of getting that return trip refunded, so I will post back the results of that situation. Long story short, take a cab back and forth from the airport, just be cautious when being taken from the airport as the drivers have a tendency to take the long way to The Strip.PARTING COMMENT: Our trip to Las Vegas was excellent and our stay at The Signature was terrific. We would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a luxurious, quiet place to stay when visiting this fun town.	
Jul 23 2009 	Luxe accomodations in a great location!	My boyfriend and I booked a 3 night (wished it had been longer) stay at the Signature on our first trip to Fabulous Las Vegas. We were thrilled upon entering our Junior Suite. It was absolutely perfect and exactly as described on the Signature's website. It was definitely the poshest place we'd ever stayed. People who complain of the walk to other destinations are whining. It really isn't far at all. And the quiet of the Signature is certainly worth the extra steps. We order room service after returning to our suite after a night out. It was FANTASTIC. I felt totally indulged and the meal was amazing, especially for something delivered so elegantly at 3 AM. I would definitely stay here again. Go! You will not be disappointed.	
Jul 22 2009 	Absolutely incredible	The best hotel we've stayed in. Very relaxed atmosphere. The staff were helpful, the pools very clean and lovely to be in. The room was amazing, especially the jacuzzi and the large shower. The Tv in the room was huge and the facilities were top notch.	
Jul 22 2009 	Nice property but horrible concierge service!	We visited to celebrate my 40th birthday. I chose this property because of its advertised amenities and features, expecting a very lush and plush atmosphere. While the property delivered, the staff did not, with only a couple of exceptions. First, the receptionist at check in was a bit cold and not at all warm or friendly. We brushed that off, and made our way up to our suite, which was very well appointed, complete with jacuzzi tub in the huge bathroom. The mini kitchen was very well stocked (not that we used it) and the ipod docking station was a nice touch. But, for an average of $360 per night, this is what one would expect. What we DIDN'T expect was a concierge that was outsourced to a call center! I had to call 3 times to get a spa menu, was placed on hold and never attended to, and given erroneous/incomplete information once I was finally able to book my spa. The menu was also inaccurate, not indicating that certain services were not available on the weekend. That in and of itself is also absurd...don't most people take trips on the weekend? Why would you restrict certain spa services to midweek only? While Jennifer (the spa manager) did eventually accommodate me, that I had to seek out a manager did not make for a very relaxing or enjoyable experience. Providing good hospitality is about managing guest expectations--for that, the Signature gets a HUGE thumbs down...poor service! Go to the Wynn...their service is all done in-house...	
Jul 22 2009 	Excellent and beautiful rooms	My husband and I stayed at the Signature for the first part of our honeymoon and had a fantastic time. This is a hotel of a very high standard and is beautifully decorated. This was our first time in Vegas so we can't say what rooms were like in other hotels but this once certainly impressed us. The suite is big and has a lovely lounge area, which is separated from the sleeping area by a small glass wall. The kitchenette is ideal for a short trip to Vegas, and it is a good having a fridge in the room. The hotel provided two free bottles of water a day as part of the $15 per person per day resort fee. This was the only negative - I can't see what the purpose of the resort fee was. Otherwise, everything was great. The Jacuzzi bath was huge and perfect for nursing those tired feet after waking all day. The shower was huge too and there is a good selection of toiletries provided. Each Tower has its own pool and they can only be accessed by those staying in Signature. The actual MGM pool was packed every day so it was good to have more space at the Signature pools.The actual hotel is very -well maintained and there is a lovely breakfast/lunch place at the bottom of Tower 2. We were in Tower 3 with a view towards the airport but it was a very short walk here. Some reviews have mentioned the distance to the actual main part of the MGM but we didn't feel that this was any problem at all. You walk along travellators inside the hotel and are there is no time. It was actually quite nice being back from the main hub of everything so that you don't find people just wondering through the hotel! There is easy access to the monorail inside MGM, which goes all the way up to the Sahara, stopping at Paris etc on the way.Food at the MGM itself was very good and there is plenty of choice. Try Wichcraft for the best turkey, bacon and avocado sandwich in the world! Flamma was also very nice for pasta.	
Jul 21 2009 	Impressive and Amazing for Families with Young Children!	My husband booked our room at the MGM Grand. Unfortunately the reservation rep did not include specific instructions to go to the Signature at MGM Grand or my spouse didn't understand the instructions. We first drove up to the MGM Grand Main Entrance, dropped off the van with Valet Service, then stood in line to check-in for the next 15 minutes. By the time we reached the check-in counter, we anxiously awaited to check into our hotel room only to find out we were are the WRONG building! So out the doors we went, found our luggage with the bellhop, reclaimed our van, and drove around the MGM compound to Harmon Avenue, found Tower 1 and checked in. This inauspicious beginning was the only downside to our entire experience.The Tower 1 lobby is beautifully decorated and has a comforting relaxing atmosphere. The Concierge is located right next to the check-in counter. He/She is there 24 hours a day in case you need anything. The check-in experience took less than 5 minutes and we were on our way to the Upper Penthouse Suite, 38th Floor, top floor.We had booked not only our suite but also my brother's and his family. We had one main entrance of double doors to both suites. We kept the double doors closed and our suite doors open, so the kids could go back and forth during the day. Of course at night, we had the suite doors closed to ensure everyone had a good night's rest. Everything you've read about the Signature suites are true. The dark wood furniture, black granite kitchen counter tops, bar stools, living room set up, flat screen TVs, lounge/reading chairs, pull out sofas, gorgeous views, soft beds and robes, big bath tub with jacuzzi, large bathrooms, etc. are absolutely true! We have never stayed at a 4-star hotel - and The Signature at MGM Grand definitely was an excellent first-time experience! All the kids wanted to go to the pool with their Dads. They checked out the private Signature pool and also wanted to go tubing down the flowing river on the other side. The Dads let them go and they had a fantastic time! Pool hours were from 8 am - 7 pm only though.Staying in Tower 1 provided us access to the other towers, the MGM Grand Casino, and New York New York. Yes, you'll be doing a lot of walking in air conditioned buildings. The kids didn't mind walking around. Everything was new and exciting for them.When it was time to check out, we didn't want to leave but alas reality was calling. Back to the work grind. Maybe next time we come to Las Vegas, we'll just book the entire time at the Signature at MGM Grand!Some tips:1. Bring or have cash readily available for the bell hop, valet, and any other services you require or requested. The person who loads up your luggage at the car isn't the same one who delivers them to your room. (There is an ATM located to the left of the elevators in Tower 1.)2. Bring and wear your comfortable shoes when you plan to walk around. Tower 1 is located far away from the buffet and you'll be walking through a lot of the casino.3. Eating out gets expensive. So try to stop off at a grocery store prior to checking in. You'll have all the comforts of home in your Signature suite kitchen (large refrigerator, bottom shelf freezer, stove range, microwave, toaster, etc.) so you can still eat healthy, delicious meals at a fraction of the cost.4. If you and or anyone in your party has problems with second-hand smoke, the Signature Towers are all SMOKE-FREE! However, that doesn't mean you won't run into cigarette smells as you're walking through the casino. Just keep moving on through those areas very quickly.5. If you would like to see the lion habitat, it is located across from the buffet entrance. That was a hit for the kids, too!6. If you would like to pay for internet access. It's $10.99/day + tax. This is not part of your daily suite/room bill. Main use is for checking email not necessarily web searches or downloads.7. Parents, you are in control of what your children are allowed to do and see. Continue doing what you normally do at home and you'll still have a good time in Vegas!	
Jul 21 2009 	Luxury rooms	Our room was exceptional. Clean and with all the extras. Loved the jacuzzi in the bathroom especially. Great views from the balcony, the hotel food was excellent (except the buffet) and the pools were all spectacular.	
Jul 21 2009 	Relax in an oasis of madness	2 stay's (of 2 nights each) – one being a suite the other a 1 bed suite.JuneWe started our road trip flying into Vegas and staying for 2 nights at the Signature – we stayed on the 32nd floor tower 3 in a suite. Please be careful if you take a taxi from the airport to the hotel we got overcharged it cost $24 plus a tip because they guy went via the freeway, on the return to the airport it cost only $9 plus a tip!The suite was wonderful with a balcony, very quite, TV in bathroom, bath robes etc – it was such a great way to start a holiday. Very clean and quiet. The reception and bell boy were very pleasant and on checkout the receptionist let us choose our room for our next stay in 2.5 weeks for our other stay for 2 nights on our return leg.Our second stay didn’t start too good (we had chosen a 28th floor 1 bed suite in tower 1 when checking out of our first stay) but on our return leg at check in we found we had been moved to tower 2 in a lower floor. The receptionist was very rude and asked for ID and all sorts of information where as on our first stay they didn’t ask for that information.Because we had booked our stays nearly a year in advance before the resort fee had increased our first stay was kept at the same rate yet this receptionist tried to tell us we had to pay the increased rate – not what you want to hear when you’ve just driven for 7 hours! We didn’t pay the increased rate in the end and it made us glad we didn’t stay in Tower 2 as I wouldn’t have wanted to speak to her again!We managed to change back to tower 1 – 28th floor but since we had arrived at tower 2 had to carry all our baggage to tower 1! Not the best start.The cleaning of the 1 bed suite was a little disappointing, I opened the door to find a rag and bathmat behind the door and what looked like plaster dust in various places in the room. However this was soon forgotten when we started to explore the room, it was fantastic, with two bathrooms and a TV that comes out of the desk and also a dishwasher it was wonderful.The next day I had to ask for our room to be cleaned, luckily we had arrived back in the room about 3:30pm and requested our room to be serviced so it wasn’t too inconvenient but I am not sure if they would have come. (a little worrying as I did put the service button on when we left at 8am).The pool was quite nice, it had complimentary water which was a nice touch. We were dissapointed that we didn't get any water in our car when we used the vallet.Check out went well, we paid our sundry costs in cash but it was later charged to my credit card then refunded – strange but at least they didn’t charge us again.Overall it was a great stay and the BIG plus side to this hotel, is that it doesn't not smell of smoke when you walk through it. As none smokers it was horrible walking into the other hotels and coming out smelling of smoke. We wouldn’t stay at the Bellagio because of that, if we went again we would defiantly stay at this hotel.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great place to stay!	Signature MGM is wondeful for the traveler that wants to enjoy all the people and activities of Vegas, but wants to also enjoy a break every once in a while. It provides a tremendous value for the quality! I've booked many hotels for many different reasons, and this was an experience that is at the top of my list. I mostly dealt with the car valet (it's free valet parking), and they provided unsurpassed service. The hotel provides you so much privacy (they are unobtrusive if you don't need them), but is quick to respond to you if necessary. Signature MGM is a quiet oasis in the middle of shows, shopping, casinos, and restaurants--if you reserve here, you won't be disppointed!	
Jul 21 2009 	Best trip EVER!!!!!! Thank you bluechipvegas.com	My wife and I try to go on vacation once every other month and most of the time we always visit Las Vegas. This time we went with a bunch of co-workers and we stayed at the most beautiful Suite in the world. We booked our room at bluechipvegas.com and Peter gave us such a great deal that we booked the room for 2 future trips. The room was spotless and the view was amazing. The jacuzzi tub was so relaxing I fell asleep in it.	
Jul 20 2009 	A few small problems - but very nice hotel and great value	Stayed in a Junior Suite on the 31st floor of Tower 1 (strip view) for our anniversary for three nights in July. Service to and from the airport is very fast (although airport check in desk was shutdown for some reason when we arrived) and the check in/out at the front desk was also very fast/accurate and had no lineups. Suites are as all others have stated - very clean, comfortable and nicely appointed and a great value for the price!The biggest problem we had was with the jacuzzi tub - when we filled it up and started the jets, black flakes (mould?) came shooting out. Tried flushing several times and no improvement. Called the front desk and they sent housekeeping and an maintenance person up who suggested after looking at it was that we just keep flusing it. Complained again the second day and told the desk we werent going to waste our time repeatedly flushing the tub. Housekeeping tried again the second day and still could not get it cleared. Tub was still able to be used as a soaker tub, but the jucuzzi part never got fixed which was a disappointment as it was our anniversary!Rooms had a nice view of the mountains, but I dont think they really can be considered &quot;strip views&quot;. The three towers are set back serveral blocks from the strip and there is all kinds of buildings/construction going on between the hotel and the strip which really doesn't make a good strip view possible. Rooms were very quite from outside noise but it was fairly easy to hear people talking/doors opening and closing in the hotel hallway. Also, as others have noted it is a bit of a walk back to the MGM Grand to get to the casino/restaurants ect, which is really no big deal as you're going to be walking a lot in Vegas anyways. However, we did find it odd that the Signature does not have its own full serivce restaurant on site, only small eateries like Delights. I guess they probably want you to walk back to the casino.However, all of these small items were nothing compared to the value received. We still had a great time and lots of fun at the MGM Casino. The breakfast buffet at the casino was great, the show KA is fantastic and the price paid and comfort level of the rooms made it a great stay.	
Jul 19 2009 	The Signature at MGM is a perfect hotel for families.	The Signature is great if you have children. The One Bedroom and Junior Suites provided kitchen facilities and large bathrooms. We had adjourning rooms and used the foyer area for storing the strollers. We stayed in Tower 1 which was closer to the main MGM hotel and even though it took 5-10 minutes to get out into the Vegas strip, we didn't find it too daunting. Staff were friendly and were able to assist with hiring a car and any information regarding Vegas. We would defiantely stay there again.	
Jul 18 2009 	Nice Hotel - Poor Service	The service at this hotel is far below what I would expect even of a Super 8. My stay there was for 5 days, 4 nights earlier this month. In that time our room was only cleaned one day. When I would call down to the front desk when returning at night they would treat me like it must have been my fault and not turned on the cleaning service light (which was definetly not true). Other problems included our room door that took a minimum three times with the card to unlock, which they said they would send up a tech to fix (never happened). Finally while most of the staff seemed friendly, we did have one very rude valet guy. They made no attempt to apologize for this lack of service and I had to bring it up at the time of check out. The only concession they would make for me is that they would not charge me for all the daily resort fees (but still one day). The resort fee was a hidden charge on checkin which was not optional, it included internet access (which I really didn't need, come on, I had better things too do then surf the web) bottles of water left in the room (which I only got twice, once when they cleaned the room and once when they brought towels because they had not cleaned the room) and I think it said a daily paper, which I never saw. Will definitely be headed back to the Wynn on my next Vegas stay!	
Jul 18 2009 	A welcome retreat just away from the madness of the Strip.	All the staff were excellent - friendly and helpful. The room was bigger than we needed with a very comfy bed and great bathroom. And if you were so inclined you could definately make meals in the room with the facilities (fridge, microwave, two rings on hob etc). Also the room could sleep 4 so pretty good value. Balcony overlooked the car park but you also got a good view of the city. Hotel was just off the Strip so seemed 'normal' in comparison to others. During the day is easy to go to the pool and forget where you are. It is an short walk (no more than 5 mins) from the hotel through to the main MGM hotel with all of its facilities and access to the monorail and the Strip.	
Jul 17 2009 	Bravo	We stayed in a Jr. Suite, tower 2, 17th floor from June 1st until the 9th. Rented on VRBO from Blue Chip Vegas. The rate we received, service, and the room were all excellent. I would rent from them again in a heartbeat. You get an even better room rate if you rent for 7 nites or more. Our room had a balcony, which was nice, but next time I think we will ask for a mountain view. The strip is getting so crowded the view isn't all the great anymore. Our room was always cleaned before 2 pm. Once they came to early but returned about 1/2 hour later.These rooms are pure class. The beds are extremely comfortable. Loved having the mini-kitchen although we didn't cook at all. Just the frig was a bonus. They provide water each day. We actually never had to buy water. It is provided in the room, at the front desk, and by the pools included in the room price. A couple of different newspapers are available for no cost at the bell desk. We also took advantage of the free internet access and never had a problem with the connection. Yes, it is a walk from the towers to the casino but there is an indoor air conditioned moving walkway. The entire walk takes about 5-7 minutes. We didn't find it to be a big deal especially since we knew when booking that this was the case. We did hire a cab occasionally. They are always immediately at the bell desk. The gyms are well equiped and again - free water.Tower 1 has a Starbucks but it closes rather early so if you are a late customer there is another one in the MGM hallway. There is also a small gift/snack type shop. The prices here are awful so, if you can remember, buy whatever you need in the MGM gift shop before you get to the moving walkway. Tower 2 has a great little deli/restaurant called Delights. Breakfasts and lunch are reasonable, their pastery is wonderful, and they have great ice cream. You can eat inside out out on the patio. We also had room service twice. It was delivered in record time, hot and delicious.We ate at Diego's, Fiamma and Craftsteak in MGM. All had excellent food and great service. We are early eaters (usually before 6:30 pm) so we never had a wait for a table even without reservations.The lazy river and pools at MGM are located right outside the end of the moving walkway. We thought it was fun for a day but a bit crowded for us and not really clean. We loved the pools at Signature. You can order food, snacks and drinks without a wait and free water is always available. No problems getting covered chairs and they played good music.I honestly cannot think of one thing we didn't love at this resort. I would highly recommend it to friends and we will stayed here our next visit. We have stayed at most of the resorts in Vegas throughout the years and Signature is our favorite. Granted, it is not for everyone. If you want to be right in the middle of all the action 24/7 you might want to go elsewhere. But if you enjoy being able to go to you own private paradise after partying and gambling all nite it is the place for you. An added bonus is the fact that the resort is totally non-smoking!!!	
Jul 16 2009 	FANTASTIC-Best Hotel Experience EVER	What a treat! The price for a one bedroom suite was so reasonable, that my expectations were low. But, that rooms were perfect. Everything was high end and very comfortable. The amenities were top of the line (i.e Subzero frig, Bosch dishwasher, Bone China, Cuisinart pots). We had great strip views upon request. The hotel restaurant offered a fabulous breakfast and the poolside food was also great. It was nice to be connected to the MGM Grand and we also had ccess to their pool (although the Signature had a great, low key pool too). We were traveling with two children under three and this hotel was perfect for them without compromising on luxury (great crib too even though we brought our own pack n' play). My in-laws stayed in an enjoining junior suite that they said surpassed the room they once had at the Bellagio. I should also mention that the staff was highly attentive. The only down side was that we had to take a cab everywhere and cabbies in Las Vegas are bipolar. However, it was nice to get away from the immediate craziness of the strip.	
Jul 16 2009 	Fabulous	Stayed here for seven nights and could only describe stay as perfect. we were in tower three which is the farthest from the MGM, but still less than 10 minutes walk; which is nothing at all in Las Vegas.The suite itself was spacious and clean, the bathroom a dream with a walk-in shower, huge bath and flatscreen tv.We received $300 resort credit when booking and we used this for MGM buffet, poolside drinks etc. The pools were never crowded and there were plenty of seating areas in the shade for when it got a bit too hot.We would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to others and we will definately be back.	
Jul 15 2009 	Lovely - But Wear Your Walking Shoes	This was our 3rd trip to Las Vegas, having only previously stayed at The Venetian. We chose the Signature based on current deals and TA reviews. The reception from security to the front desk staff was superb - very warm and welcoming. We were in Tower 3. The lobby's aromatherapy system was wonderful, we did nt find it overpowering at all. In fact, after returning at night from smokey casinos it was a nice change to smell something so fresh and pleasant. We checked in early, and got a top floor 1 bedroom suite. The suite was elegant, the bathroom was outstanding (loved the jetted tub). We had a view of the mountains and airport out one window, the strip out another. The pool (Tower 2) was very calm, beautiful and relaxing. The service was outstanding. An added bonus that we didn't know about until the last day was that Signature guests get VIP status in line for the MGM buffet - which saved us considerable time for breakfast one morning. Now, why won't we be returning? It's just too darn far to walk anywhere, except the MGM... which isn't at the top of our list of places we like to hang out. The monorail stops at the MGM, but even the walk to the MGM was long... and the monorail wasn't that convenient for the places we wanted to visit anyway (Wynn, Venitian, Bellagio). In the summer heat, when you try to minimize your walking outside in Vegas, we ended up taking cabs several times - which can get expensive. Bottom line, if you are attending a convention at the MGM, the Signature is far superior and worth staying at. If you have an unlimited cab fare budget, it is a welcome respite and a beautiful hotel. Otherwise, we recommend the Wynn or Venetian for a similar price.	
Jul 15 2009 	Do not book with BluechipVegas at Signature MGM Grand	We booked 2 nights at the Signature MGM Grand with BluechipVegas, middle of July. The 1 bedroom suite is excellent, very large (900 sqft), well furnished and clean. The Hotel is well positioned, connected directly with the MGM Grand. We were in Tower 1, which is 3 minutes from the large pool of the MGM Grand. The reason for the bad rating is BluechipVegas: our room was not ready when we arrived the first day and the room was not prepared when we arrived from the pool at 3 PM on the second day. After several calls, we were told that housekeeping closes at 4:30 PM and the room was never prepared. Calls to the main office line of BluechipVegas during the first day were not answered, although we left messages. Our impression is that BluechipVegas has very limited resources and has no control on the situation. The staff onsite at the Signature MGM Grand is very nice, but since we booked the room with BlueChip Vegas they can't be of any help for housekeeping or any other issues with the room. We strongly suggest to book directly at the web site of the Signature MGM Grand and avoid BlueChipVegas: the price will be the same, but you will be able to speak directly with the personnel on site and get a much better service and a better experience.	
Jul 15 2009 	Best Hotel in Vegas!	I have stayed at over 10 Vegas hotels (which includes Bellagio, Paris, Monte Carlo, Treasure Island, MGM), and the Signature is by far the best! I stayed at the Signature over the July 4th weekend. It's a 3-10 min walk from the MGM via enclosed walkway, but it also provides a quiet retreat from the smoke-filled MGM casino. There is 3 towers, each about a 1 min walk apart. It has 2 fitness center in Tower 1 &amp; 3 (Tower 3 has nicer fitness center), a Starbucks (Tower 1), and a Delight restaurant (Tower 2). The Signature has 3 pools (Tower 2 &amp; 3 is nicer), and they also allow you to use the MGM pool (just show your Signature key card).When you arrive by car, the valet will park your car at no charge. However, we did tip the valet. The front desk was really friendly and professional.The suite we stayed at is really luxurious. The bed is so soft and comfortable, and there is also a jacuzzi tub. It's really refreshing to relax in the jacuzzi tub at the end of the day. There is also a kitchen if you want to cook.After a long day at MGM and other casino, it's so nice to come back to a quiet place like the Signature. I highly recommend it.	
Jul 14 2009 	The epitome of service and style	My wife and I just returned from a 3-night stay at Signature. We stayed in a penthouse suite on the 34th floor of Tower 3. Our room had a balcony and three large windows with a view of the strip and mountains in the background. It was wonderful. More on the room, later.Upon arrival, our taxi was greeted at the gate by a friendly attendant. I found no check-in line at the lobby desk, which was nice to see. Each tower has its own lobby. The airport check-in had closed early for some reason, but I was not upset because I knew the check-in process would be painless. It was better than painless, it was quite pleasant. The lobby attendant explained the rate, deposit, amenities, and credits very thoroughly and efficiently, and we were in our room very quickly. The elevators were spacious and clean and very prompt. We never had to wait more the 20 seconds for a lift.The room was as amazing as a penthouse suite should be. Everything you have read about the rooms is true: flat screen tv, comfy beds, robes, Jacuzzi tub, big bathroom with June Jacobs products, safe, fridge, full kitchen and utensils, and a balcony. Housekeeping was amazing. These are the unseen heroes of the Signature. It is amazing how quickly and thoroughly these guys work. Remember to press the housekeeping button by the door before you leave for the day. However, we forgot to do this on our last day, but the room was cleaned anyway! Remember to also leave these guys a few extra $$ for their hard work.We visited the MGM pool during our stay and it was not the drunken debauchery I read about before visiting. In fact, I found it to be very family friendly for Vegas standards. We did not go the Signature pools because we wanted to experience MGM's lazy river and we were not disappointed. Food and drinks at the pool are expensive, but that is to be expected. The music and waterfalls make it loud, but fun. Very fun. It was nice having the option of using the Signature pool if we wanted a quiet and secluded experience.Another great part of the Signature is the artwork throughout the property. From the lobby, to the hallways, and the rooms, it is evident the Signature has invested in world-class artwork that should not be missed. The doormen and valet crew were also top-notch. It is amazing how quickly the doorman can summon a cab. We waited less than 1 minute each time we needed a cab. These guys are quick! Whenever we arrived back after a long night of gambling on the strip, the doorman always greeted us with two bottles of water. Tip these guys, too!I cannot stress enough the importance of good walking shoes. Tower 3 is farthest from MGM. Flip flops won't cut it here walking from the Signature to the MGM pool or casino; even with the moving sidewalks. Walking to Planet Hollywood (next door) is also quite a trek. Cabs are definitely the way to go.Do not overlook this place if your purpose for going to Vegas is to gamble and have a good time. We stayed up all night gambling on the strip and had nice long naps in our ultra-comfortable room. A warm bath in the Jacuzzi tub is also very refreshing before or after a long night on the town. This is really the best of both worlds. I know I left out much, but if you have any questions about the Signature, let me know. Thanks.	
Jul 12 2009 	Nice Stay-3 blocks walk to heart of strip-2 blks to Miracle Mile Shops	We stayed 7-4 thru 7-8 in a studio suite w/kitchenette in tower 1 on the 37th floor with a nice view of the strip. All of the rooms are actually timeshare condos with kitchens/kitchenettes and are equipped nicely dishes, linens, flat screen tvs, etc. King size bed in our room was quite comfortable and we had linen service everynite of our stay (4 nites). The room was pretty clean-under the bed I found dust bunnies and upon searching couch cushions I found crumbs/food in and under the couch which did not come from us! I still would say that overall it is a clean and upscale stay. You can't beat the price either. We booked thru tripadvisor and avg. was $100 per nite. One thing that did bother us was the pool at Signature only stayed open until 7pm. Almost every place we have ever stayed it is at least 10pm. You can use MGM pool facilities with your Signature stay at n/c but again-they also close at 8pm. It was 106 in Vegas-after being out all day exploring and then to dinner, a dip in the pool would have been an excellent option.?! Would I stay here again --ABSOLUTELY! A quiet and peaceful non-gaming facility of this class was a definate plus in Vegas for us!	
Jul 10 2009 	Upscale Chic Hotel Suites right off the Strip	The Signature at MGM is a superb hotel. It is located directly behind the MGM Grand Hotel &amp; Casino with a direct breezeway to the MGM Grand Casino &amp; Restaurant Shops. The Signature is all suites with tremendous views of the Strip and really all of Las Vegas. I was located on the Penthouse 33 floor which was outstanding. Didn't spend too much time in the room but the Viking refrigerator and Miele Appliances looked fantastic with the black granite countertops. Service was fantastic as it should be in a world destination like Vegas. Best feature of all was the exclusive Starbucks adjacent to the lobby which in the mornings was not busy like the one in the MGM. Another great feature is that guests of the Signature may use both the pools at the Signature and the main pool at the MGM Grand-Wet Republic. Fantastic accomodations. Vegas is much better when you stay at a hotel without smoking or gaming so you can get your fill on the Strip then come back and relax with no distractions.	
Jul 10 2009 	Well-adjusted people Good for families	Stayed three nights in JuneThe fact that this is a non-gambling hotel and more upscale makes _all_ the difference. You see well-adjusted people and families in the pool/hotel instead of the jungle that is the MGM. Just peek at the MGM pool to see what I'm talking about.Stayed in a Jr. suite with two small children. Room: impeccably clean, nice view, safe, amazing veranda to hang out watching the city after a night of shows/gambling , plasma screens, lighting fast wireless Internet. The only issue was that I could not properly adjust the temperature of the water in the smaller bathroom. The fact that you have a_full_ kitchen in the Jr. Suite is very handy when you have small children. Service: Apparently the previous guest had messed up the Plasma &amp; DVDs configs. Called concierge, went to have dinner. When I was back everything was in order with a note from the engineer. Very nice in all.Pool: Clean with well-adjusted people. Umbrellas and towels all around (yes, for free), great drinks and (surprisingly) very affordable food. I suggest the chicken fingers with fries. Your kids and you will love it. Fitness Center: Very good, went twice while there.Highly recommend watching 'KA' from Cirque.	
Jul 9 2009 	Wouldn't stay anywhere else	We returned to the Signature at MGM Grand last month after an excellent stay in September 2008. Before that we had stayed at the Wynn, but the Signature is a MUCH better choice.We booked directly on the MGM Grand website, and got a great deal on a one-bed suite. On arrival at McCarron International we forgot about the airport reception desk, and proceeded directly to the property. We were expected at the gate house &amp; directed to Tower 1. Friendly welcome from the valet guys (valet parking is free), and no queues at check-in. We were directed to a suite on the 4th floor, but decided against it because it overlooked MGM's Wet Republic. Reception quickly found us an alternative on the 8th floor of Tower 2. We had stayed in Tower 3 last year. All have their pro's &amp; con's. Tower 3 is furthest from the airport, but closest to E Harmon, and furthest from the MGM complex. It has the best pool though. Tower 1 is closest to the airport, but then it is also closest to the MGM. Decent pool. Tower 2 is a good option. Quietest, but it has the busiest of the 2 pools. Try to get a strip view suite on a high floor.We arrived on a Saturday night. A bit off-putting were the crowds of college age students, clearly drunk and on the pull (they disappear during the week though). However, our suite was well sound-proofed so we easily forgot about the outside world.The one-bed suites are wonderful. Very spacious with two bathrooms and three televisions. Great mini-kitchen with huge Sub-Zero fridge, dishwasher, microwave and cooking facilities. Fully stocked with every appliance (except kettle) you could want. Very tastefully decorated. Both times we have had balconies. The main bathrooms are enormous. Giant tub for two with whirlpool; separate shower; two basin areas; and separate toilet. Great strip view: MGM; New York New York; Monte Carlo; Paris; Planet Hollywood etc...We really liked the fact that the there are 3 pools available to guests (as well as the main pool complex attached to the MGM Grand). The Signature pools are quieter and have better poolside service. Having 3 pools means that we were able to follow the sun throughout the day. Great choice of meals and cocktails (try the Orange and Basil Mojitos!).We like the fact that the Signature is slightly off-Strip, but yet attached to a major hotel complex and with very easy striking distance of the action. This means that there is a good choice of restaurants &amp; entertainment. The Mexican restaurant is particularly good.This is where we would stay agin - ahead of competition like Wynn, Encore, Bellagio, Four Seasons etc..	
Jul 8 2009 	Great Value and Absolutely Satisfied with the Service of the Hotel and the Managing Company	I spent the last weekend of June with some friends to un-wind abit in Las Vegas. I had a hard time trying to find a hotel room at a reasonable price to fit me and all of my friends. I got advice from a friend into checking out the rooms at the MGM Signature. I found out about this abit late and alot of the rooms were already booked. I did luck out when Peter at bluechipvegas.com helped me find a room within 4 days before my trip. We stayed in a Junior Suite (big enough to accomodate 4 grown men), big bathroom, nice flat screen tv, and nice, quiet hallways with no annony litte kids racing in the halls all night.I give everything about this hotel and my experience (from the room, the hotel staff, the cleaness) a rating &quot;5 out of 5&quot;. My only reason why I give the Location &quot;4 out of 5&quot; is because I was in Tower 3, the farthest of the 3 towers from the entrance connecting to the MGM Grand.CLIFF NOTES:-MGM Signature better value than casino rates for weekends for sure.-Room very clean, staff on top of everything and super accomodating-Just right behind the MGM Grand, so close to the strip but far enough from the noise when you're trying to sleep from being up all night-I absolutely recomend using with bluechipvegas.com when looking for a room at the MGM Signature.	
Jul 8 2009 	Lovely Hotel and Service	We booked the Signature based on the excellent tripadvisor reviews and were not disappointed. The only dislike, as we were in Tower 3, was the long walk to the strip via the MGM grand - around 25 minutes. This became a little tedious after a few days, but cabs are immediately available outside any of the Towers ( they are not apparent, the Bell Man presses a button and they roll in a few seconds later!!). Near the end of our stay, I discovered it was much, much quicker to the strip by exiting the Signature hotel itself and walking down Harman Street - Ho Hum!The room was extremely well equipped and the full sized fridge, coffee maker and hob meant hot and cold drinks in the room were no problem. Fantastic bathroom, as good as anywhere we have stayed (and we have been lucky enough to stay in some very smart hotels). Would be nice if evening turn down service was automatically provided, but to be fair, this is available on request. Valet parking service was brilliant as was the service around the pool areas.Pool opening times were somewhat restricted (8am to 7pm), so if you like an early morning dip, there is no chance as the pool areas are locked up. Sunbeds nice and comfy and towels/water plentiful. On our travels around Vegas, it appeared that these limited pool hours weres not uncommon in other hotels and were even generous by comparison.We took a fantastic trip with Sundance Helicopters (the Grand Canyon sunset tour) which flew over Hoover Dam, landed in the Canyon for Champagne and snacks, flew back into the Vegas sunset and then flew over the strip at dusk - fabulous. A trip up the Stratosphere tower was also great. A visit to the top of the &quot;Eiffel tower&quot; at Paris is also a must, particularly at night as you can see the Belagio fountains from above.The forum shops at Ceasars Palace are also a great experience as are the Dolphins/Lions/Tigers at the Mirage. We had a car and so drove out to Hoover Dam and did the tour into the Dam itself (about 45 mins each way. Fantastic trip, but suggest you arrive before 10.30am as the traffic when we departed was absolutely terrible. This will be massively improved once the new bridge opens. (Great Breakfast in The Coffee Shop Boulder City). We also used the Deuce bus, which at $7 per day was a bargain. They run every 10 mins or so.Restaurant wise, we enjoyed Mon Amis Gabi (Hotel Paris) and ,for a fun meal Marguaritaville (near the Flamingo). The Studio Cafe in the MGM was good for a casual dinner and Breakfast as was Planet Hollywood at Caesars Palace. I wasn't at all sure that we would like Vegas, I booked more for the Grand Ganyon and Hoover Dam, but we were blown away by everything - loved it!!	
Jul 8 2009 	Absolute Perfection!	Our stay at this beautiful location was such a treat! The lovely folks who are employed by the Signature went above and beyond to make us welcome and make this a stay we will always remember. The valet staff was incredible! A quick call before you leave your room and your vehicle is waiting for you along with a smile and a bottle of cold water. As well, because this is a gated area, you have no concerns about the care of your vehicle. Each and every member of the Signature staff we encountered was a pleasure and are obviously there for their customer service skills! It was truly an enjoyable experience. After being out in the heat all day, it was like coming home!Our room was amazing. Very clean, with a great layout ... a beautiful view from the balcony. The bed is beyond comfortable with the egypitan cotton sheets and feather pillows!! I've never slept so well outside my home! The bathroom is gorgeous, from the shower to the tub and separate toilet area. Beautiful ... lots of room in the fridge to store your own beverages and food. We enjoyed a glass of wine on the balcony in lovely wine glasses. They thought of everything when they put these suites together. We would most definitely stay at the Signature again! I've stayed in Vegas hotel rooms and would never go back after this amazing experience! Thank you to all the staff there for making our holiday perfect!	
Jul 8 2009 	The place to stay for families	The Signature at MGM was very nice. We got a one bedroom suite. It had a full kitchen, 2 bathrooms. We slept our family of five comfortably! My husband and I had the privacy of the master suite, while the kids slept in the living area with their own bathroom. The hotel is very secure and you avoid the noise and hustle and bustle of the casino hotels. It is still extremely conveniently located to everything. There is covered access to MGM Grand. So, you can go enjoy the casino, shows and restaurants and then return to the quiet and security of the Signature. We stayed in Tower 2. There was a little cafe off the lobby where we got breakfast and lunch some times. You could sit outside near the pool or inside. Concierge is located in Tower 1 (indoor access to there) and was very helpful in securing show tickets and arranging limo and dinner reservations for us.	
Jul 8 2009 	5th Time at the Signature ( says it all !)	Another great stay at the Signature. 5th time now and will be back. Staff are very polite and helpful. Great suite on the 32 floor, very clean, no grumbles at all.	
Jul 7 2009 	GREAT!!! MUST STAY IN!!!	This hotel is a &quot;must stay in&quot;! We stayed here for one night. The room was amazing, with jacuzzi...! The pool area was nice and calm, no screaming children, great pool bar. There was a special passage for guests only. This way you could go from signature to MGM Grand in no time. In the MGM Grant you had a lot of restaurants, bars, entertainment, ...! The staff was very friendly and helpfull. Valet parking was perfect, you feel like a celebrity when staying there. The atmosphere is calm and serene. The hotel is perfect for adults. The prices in the hotel venues were great, not cheap, but not expensive either. A great value for money.	
Jul 6 2009 	What a find - first class accomodation next to the strip	We were privileged to stay in a one bed , mountain view suite in tower two for 7 nights in June. We booked through Jet Luxury who were brilliant to deal with. Everything was included , even the resort fees so we didn't have to worry about any hidden extras. The accommodation was superb, beautifully appointed and cheaper than the better hotels. We had stayed at the Bellagio previously and loved that , but enjoyed the independence of a suite far more. We had read the reviews on here prior to booking and were a little concerned over the negative comments on the 10-15 minutes walk to the strip. Personally we did not find this any bother at all, there are moving walkways and the areas are all air-conditioned and it was quiet and peaceful after the hectic environments of the casinos and the noise of the strip. The only people who should find this a drawback would be someone of limited mobility.	
Jul 5 2009 	Great stay over Christmas	Stayed here over Christmas, chose it because it was off the beaten path and quiet yet still had access to a casino (MGM). The entrance was awesome, private gate and lobby was beautiful. Very classy. Only negative was our room was not ready which was okay since we arrived around 11am but we came in from Chicago on an early flight and we were tired. So we had our luggage held and went to MGM to eat. They said they would call us when the room was done. By 4pm (room should have been ready by 3pm) when we returned we found out room was still not ready and we didnt want to give up the view of the room we requested to take a clean room on a lower floor. I talked to the manager who at first was a bit defensive and said they are full and so they were behind and that the people didnt leave the room in time. I explained those excuses do not help me and I always find such excuses of not being staffed well poor when you are paying a high price for a suite. Finally, we found out our room was ready (its was like 5:30pm) and the manager gave us $100 room credit to use for food and starbucks at the hotel. That was a nice touch. We got to the room and the view was awesome, room very very clean, big with two bathrooms which is a plus with 4 people. Had a mini kitchen and fridge. Free valet parking so we could come and go often without cost and staff were friendly and cordial. I would definately stay again even though it was off the strip as the quietness was great and space of room was exactly what we needed. Oh they had smores by the pool every night which was fun. Great place to stay with family,	
Jul 5 2009 	Loved it can't wait to go back -- an oasis of calm in Las Vegas	I had the pleasure of staying at The Signature at MGM in Las Vegas for three nights in July 2009.When I go to Vegas, I love to delve into the wild and crazy nightlife...but I always need a quiet place to return to at night. My other requirements are that the place must be smoke-free and must not have a casino in the hotel. I have been happy with previous stays at the Renaissance Hotel near the convention center.This time, there were three of us, and we needed a larger room, so I looked around quite a bit online before booking at The Signature at MGM.Our stay was DELIGHTFUL. Based on the reviews here at Trip Advisor, I asked to be in Tower 1 (which is closest to the MGM) and requested a room on an upper floor facing The Strip. We reserved a one-bedroom, two-bath suite. We visited during the week, and the place did not seem very busy, so all of my requests were granted (although that could not be confirmed until we arrived).Overall, the furnishings were top notch and the housekeeping was excellent. I couldn't begin to name all of the amenities, but I'll try: a full kitchen, with dishware (German china actually) and silverware, paper towels, Bosch dishwasher, full-size Sub-Zero refrigerator/freezer, stove, toaster, coffee maker, etc.The living had a fold-out couch, a flat screen TV, DVD player, dining room table and four chairs, and ample shelving/storage.There were two full baths. The master bath was huge, with a jacuzzi tub, separate shower stall, and two separate sinks/countertops, and an enclosed toilet room. The second bath had a stall shower.The master bedroom had crisp white sheets and duvet (my favorite), two small closets, a safe for valuables, and an old fashioned desk. I think there might have been a TV that would rise up from the desk, but we never tried it.We had a corner room and the master bedroom had two sets of floor to ceiling windows, which gave us a fantastic view. The living room had a balcony with a sliding glass door so you could actually get out into the air. The reason I asked for an upper floor in Tower 1 facing the strip is that I had gotten the impression from an earlier review on TripAdvisor that one could oversee the nightlife on The Strip in this way. Not so. The place is set back from the strip by about 1.5 blocks, so even when you are on the balcony, you are not sitting atop the &quot;nightlife&quot; other than to look at the glowing buildings at night from afar. This was a bit of a disappointment, but really not important. If we wanted nightlife, we went to The Strip ourselves.I had forgotten that these were condos until we had been there for a night or two. We booked through The Signature at MGM itself, based on reviews here. The entire experience felt like booking at a hotel, including being met at the front door by valet, registering at a front desk, daily housekeeping, etc.My one complaint is of consistent disarray in getting our car from the valet. One day we called for our car, and no one answered. The operator came on the line and said, &quot;I'm so sorry no one is picking up, just tell me your ticket number and I'll get a hold of them and get your car brought up for you.&quot; We went downstairs 15 minutes later, and the valet had not gotten the request.On two other occasions, we phoned ahead, as they requested, provided our ticket number, and still when we got down there 15 minutes later, the car was not there, and they had never heard of our request, and we started over.Also, when we first arrived, it took about 10 minutes for a valet to take our car. There were others stacked up in front of us, also looking a bit frustrated by their wait.It would be great if the management could fix this problem with the valet service, as it is an anomaly in an otherwise first-class stay.Also, I thought the gift shop was a big small and poorly stocked for such a large place. But perhaps there was a bigger shop in one of the other towers.Guests at The Signature have full access to the pool complex at The MGM which is a menagerie of pools (five I think) and water works. The pool and jacuzzi at The Signature was only open 8 am to 12 midnight, and I seemed to always want to go when it was closed, but not a big deal.Being there during the week, it seemed like our tower was quite empty. It was one of the most quiet hotel rooms I have ever stayed in.LOVED this place and can't wait to go back. My new oasis of calm from which to jump into the nightlife in Las Vegas.	
Jul 4 2009 	good place but not the boutique hotel	If you have a good promotion, don't wait too much is the place to be. If you don't maybe it's expensiveYou are &quot;far&quot; from the crazy hotel of las vegas but you are in a quiet and de luxe area. Your suite is large, large enough to feel at home. The badroom is great. All the confort is up to date.The swimming pool is not the last idea of a designer in weaning but if you need it, enjoy of your access at the grand MGM just a 5 min walk (a really short distance for LV).No restaurant, ...you have it in a few 10 setps furtherNo on the Strip, don't believe that all the rooms of theother giants of LV are on the Strip.A bad point: the fee access: the new discovery of the hotel to charge a little bit more. Here is well announced but why to have to pay for the access of a swimming pool. Of course if you receive your money back if you don't use it...but it's not the case.After the fuel surcharge for the airlines, the hotel surcharge	
Jul 4 2009 	Do not book with Laura 	This my second review and seems as though my reivew has been sent to the cutting floor. The signature Grand is not a luxury hotel. It is extremely boring compared to living on the strip. it has absolutely no place inside the hotel to enjoy, like restaurants ect. It has a deli with sandwiches. The walk to the strip is long and tedious. The rooms are extremely small (junior ste). the pull out sofa bed was small and cheap. NO linen for the sofa bed. Please do not rent from a private owner and if you want luxury, try the New York, Paris or Ceasers... Ceasers has so much excitement for kids &amp; adults. this hotel is not a luxury hotel. BEWARE! the Business Center is a very small room with the internet costing a $1 min. and they authorize your credit card for $25 to use it , a total rip off. BEWARE of the Signature.	
Jul 3 2009 	The Perfect Signature	The wife and I just completed our second stay at this incredible property. After just skimming the reviews, I thought I would add a little about this property for future travelers.First, this property is a luxury hotel. It is not a hotel/casino. It doesn't have a casino, bars, restaurants (other than a small place open for breakfast and lunch and a Starbucks), dancing girls, or hoards of people wandering in all different directions. It is simply a classy, clean, chic hotel. The MGM and Planet Hollywood are both a short walk away if you want to gamble, drink, party, eat at nice restaurants, etc.The rooms are among the best that I have ever stayed at. Comfy beds, huge bath, huge rooms, mini fridge, tons of space and really chic and cool.The pool areas perfectly match the coolness and trendiness of the property. it's not a crazy pool scene with a wave pool or river, but just trendy and cool. The lounge chairs might be the best I've ever had at a hotel pool and they give you a towel that covers the entire chair. Oh, and complimentary water at the pool. The pool isn't overly crowded and the service, like everywhere else at the Signature is first rate. To whoever wrote that the pool isn't open on the weekdays, I was just there the past two nights (a W and a Th night and it was open both days. The pool in Tower 3 is closed except for weekends, but the pool at tower 2 is only a few steps further. Location: One thing I've learned from my trips to Vegas: you are going to walk a ton. I honestly don't think it matters where you stay, you are going to walk a lot. Granted, if you don't want to walk at all, you can always stay at one place and eat, drink, and game in that casino and never leave. But, if you're like me, you'll want to go to XYZ show at the Bellagio, dinner at Mandalay Bay, poker at Ceasars, and Big Elvis at Bill's. You walk a ton. With that in mind, the Signature might as well be on the Strip. Tower 3 is actually closer to Planet Hollywood than the MGM Grand and I think I prefer the Tower 3 location because it is easier to get to the strip and faster to get to Ceasars, Bellagio, Paris, etc. To me, the middle of my strip is pretty much right around Paris or Ceasars, but even if I stayed at one of those properties, I don't think I would walk any less.Service: The service at the Signature is second to no other hotel for me. It's nice to check in with such warmth and professionalism at the front desk. We arrived hours before check in and were quickly checked in without a problem. When we needed a cab, we had one in seconds without waiting in line. The service at the pool area was awesome. I asked for a specific cocktail and when they didn't have the ingredients, they tried to make something similar and if I didn't like it, they would make me something different. It was yummy though. All in all, this property is one of the best in so many ways. It is incredibly cool, and sexy, and romantic. The service is honestly the most warm and they really do want you to enjoy your stay. The room was spotless. And, the room was perfect to get away from the pace of Vegas.	
Jul 3 2009 	4 start hotel with 1 star management that lie cheat and steal	Dont wast your money here. Check out the Bellagio or Venetian instead. The rooms are nice, but have no good view of the strip, just a bunch of unfinished construction projects. The mountain view faces the pool and you can hear the screams and music on the 9th floor through 3 panes of glass! The staff I have encounted are nice but the managment may has well come from walmart. They should all be replaced with competent helpful people. They will sit and argue with you when you ask them to take off a 20 charge when its not stated on your package. Its for a gym and 2 bottles of water each day basically and premium coffee. Screw that hidden fee per day. Also of importance is the wireless internet is very poor quality on the properly to the point it ceases to function most all times of day. Very bad if your on business or want to book a romantic nite out. The cafe in tower 2 is good. The hotel is a good 8 minute walk to the strip. Take bus passes for cheap trip. about 7 bucks, taxies are about 10-15 to go most places on the strip. Tried the monorail, its nice about 14 bucks a day which is pricey and you have to walk quite a ways back to get to it. You have to relize these hotels are the size of small malls. I would recommend taxi or buss for the convenience.	
Jul 3 2009 	2nd time @ Signature - Still love it	Pros: BIG bathroom ( jaccuzzi tub, glass walk-in shower so I can watch hubby shower, marble walls, toilet in separate room), comfy bed, kitchenette with high-end kitchen amenities, spacious living room, balcony with incredible room, SMOKE-free, comfy bathrobes! Hubby and I love the abstract artwork throughout the hotel lobby, walkways, hotel room, etc.Cons: $20 resort fee used to include delivery of newspaper to your door--now you have to pick it up from the bellman. Also, hotel is a block from the Vegas strip. Tips: Try to stay in Tower 1. You're closer to the MGM Grand.	
Jul 2 2009 	The truth. An Honest review	We stayed here for our honeymoon in early June for 7 days. Hotel was clean and close to Strip ( 10-15 min walk ) and nice and quiet and thats about it. NO FACILITIES, No shops for drinks, sun cream e.t.c, No Bar, No Resturant - for breakfast, NO Pool during weekdays ( Mon-Fri ), No Staff - when you want them. There was a SMALL Gym - thats it. We paid $1750 inc Taxes for our stay in a One Bed Suite. Very Expensive. I could have got a Double Ex Suite in Caesars Palace for about $300 less for that week. If you are unfortunate enough to stay here make sure its in Towers 1 or 2......NOT 3. I would not stay here again, I will be back in Vegas but will be staying somewhere thats worth the money.	
Jul 2 2009 	The Best Place in Vegas!!	My husband and i just came back from Vegas. We stayed at the Signature at MGM Grand Tower 3. Please if you book this hotel book it thru vrbo.com. We rented a junior suite from Ani she was very-very helpful and easy to deal with you can use pay-pal to pay for the room.(www.vrbo.com/159268) the suite was awesome on the 26th floor with a great view of the mountains and the MGM pools. The lobby's are gorgeous, all the 3 Towers they're differently desined. My favourite was Tower 2 with the red roses. The pools are great not crowded at all ( we could see the lazy river and the wet republic at the MGM from our room..wow i never saw that many people around pools..) and the best that water is salty just like in the ocean. It's close to the strip but away from the noise.	
Jun 30 2009 	Excellent stay great value good location and attentive staff.	It was our second multiple stop in U.S after spending 5 nights in San Francisco. Paid $100 a night plus $25 a night resort fee. Excellent value for the standard of accommodation. We had junior suite. Room was every bit as good as advertised on their site. There are 3 towers which make up the Signature it is much more tranquil and less hectic than the casino hotels we saw but is still within walking distance of the strip. We were in Tower 3 which is furthest from the strip. Concierge and Starbucks located in Tower 1. Each Tower has its own pool but Tower 3's is shut during the week. Is slightly longer walk from Tower 3 but no more than about 5 minutes or so and all through air conditioned walkways. Tower 3 is also slightly newer so I imagine the rooms might have less wear. For breakfast we simply bought couple of items from supermarket and ate in the room. The room came with plates, cutlery and basic cooking utensils. Only ate in for breakfast. Maid service was very good, you need to press button near the entrance door of the room that your room is ready to be made up otherwise the maid may not come. This service is included in the resort fee. We used pools at MGM as there were more bars and snack bars here. Receptionist on arrival was extremely helpful she explained MGM own many of the casinos on the strip which meant that we could charge things to our room in other casinos.Went to Phantom of the Opera was great. Not worth paying for premium tickets. We sat in side seats and had great view. Would recommend revolving restaurant at the Stratosphere for evening meal. We went one evening to go up the tower, there was quite a big queue and it cost about $15-20 each so decided to go to the restaurant. There was no queue and we were able to get a late reservation. It is quite expensive was about $160 for two but when you take off the fee to go up the tower it works out pretty good. Was very romantic setting in the evening. The food was a very good standard and eating in restaurant entitles you to free access to the observation decks.	
Jun 28 2009 	It's ok.	If you _must_ go to Vegas this would seem to be a good place to stay. No casino, no hookers in the hallways. Bland but very comfortable, desk staff very very good.	
Jun 28 2009	Fabulous in EVERY way - Vegas Bachelor(ette) Party	We booked two junior suites for a join bachelor(ette) party and this hotel made the trip. the rooms are a good size and since we had 5 people in each room it worked out perfectly. It's located just off the strip which is nice when you want to get away from the seedyness but it's not so far you feel disconnected. It's a cheap cab ride to the clubs/casinos. You have access to all the pools in the MGM and all of them are awesome. This will always be my hotel of choice in Vegas	
Jun 27 2009 	An Oasis of Pure Luxury and Serenity!	Let me begin by saying how overwhelmed I was when arriving at the Signature. Everyone from the Bell staff, Front desk, housekeeping, doorman etc... were all just great. I am extremely picky when it comes to places to stay and had read all the reviews on the Signature before choosing it. I now must add mine. I couldn't begin to say enough nice things about this place. It was quiet and smoke free which was a big plus! The room was super clean with every amenity possible. Our view from Tower 1 on the 29th floor allowed us to take some awesome photos as we could see both up and down both sides of the Las Vegas strip. I used the Fitness facility while I was there and was offered water, towels - both wet and dry and earphones to listen to music or watch tv while I was on the treadmill. Everyone was friendly and helpful at the front desk and offered every assistance possible. There was onsite transportation to take you anywhere you needed to go or within a short walk you could go over to MGM Grand and out to the Las Vegas strip. For my first stay in Las Vegas I couldnt have asked for better accomodations in the lap of luxury. I will be returning again in September and can't wait to get back there. A++ on everything!!	
Jun 26 2009 	Perfect experience	We were impressed with the Signature from the moment we stepped into the lobby of tower two. The staff was professional, friendly and accomodating. We were checked into our room even tho we arrived at 10:00 a.m. We choose the Signature to insure a suite and were impressed with the junior suite. The suite was elegant, comfortable and very quiet. The kitchen was fully furnished. The pool was wonderful. We enjoyed the padded lounges and were impressed with the friendly and accomodating staff. They had cold water available by bottle as you entered the pool area and would happily bring cold drinking water or ice to you.We loved the quiet of the hotel and pool area. If you want action, it is a short walk in an air conditioned walk way to the MGM Grand and the strip.The Signature will be our selection for our next stay in Vegas.	
Jun 25 2009 	Lovely - Honeymoon Bliss	Signature @MGM grandStayed here on our honeymoon in January, this is a marvellous hotel.We drove up to this hotel through security controlled gates; our names were checked by the security guard on duty. This made me feel very safe (maybe I have watched too much CSI Vegas?) We were in Tower 2. The reception of Tower 2 is lovely, quite contemporary and full of sumptuous sofas and red roses. The staff and bell men were lovely, very welcoming and helpful. There was a resort fee, but we were made aware of this on booking and it was reasonable and covered our wifi acess. We had a one bedroom suite on the Penthouse floor. Being that high up the lifts are sometimes a concern but rest assured these were super fast. The suite was really spacious, décor wise it was not as elegant as the lobby (the carpet got a bit loud and some of the furniture was a bit faux antique) but everything was really good quality and spotlessly clean. We had a well appointed kitchen although there was no kettle, just a coffee percolator so no way to make tea. However I am sure if I had raised this a kettle would have been provided. We didn’t really use the fridge for anything except left over’s and wine however it could have comfortably taken a 2 weeks worth of food for a large family. We had in suite dining, set out at a proper dining table in the living room on our arrival and the food was excellent, delicious but a bit pricey compared to eating out at restaurants in the main MGM. We had a bathroom, complete with large shower off the living room and another huge en suite bathroom with, ample worktop, a seperate WC, shower cubicle, Jacuzzi bath and ‘in bath’ LCD TV.The windows are cleverly tinted so privacy is not an issue; it also gives the towers their distinctive gold appearance.The bed room was well appointed and proportioned with plenty of drawer and hanging space and a HUGE flat screen TV discreetly hidden inside the desk. We also had a balcony with beautiful views of the Nevada dessert and mountains where you could watch the sunrise.The hotel provided us many useful ‘where to go and what to do in Vegas’ guides in the suite and the concierge service (located in another tower) was excellent, very polite, really efficient and organised everything we required with no fuss and excellent recommendations. Another nice touch was the ‘housekeeping’ alarm. Just outside the front door of the suite there is a small control panel where you indicate whether you want the room cleaned or ‘do not disturb’. This alerts the maids and saves fuss with cards on the door handle. We had to check back in (our flight home was delayed by 24 hours) and this time had a different suite with a strip view, I would recommend the Mountain view every time as there is too much construction going on on the strip to really see anything good and the mountains were very beautiful.The hotel is attached to the main MGM by a LONG covered corridor (it has a motorised walkway if you are feeling lazy) and has a pool, beautiful gardens, coffee shop (which does excellent breakfasts and pancakes) and bar where we enjoyed a complimentary cocktail. We were here in January so we did not spend any time in the pool. I would say this hotel is a perfect base for exploring Vegas, quietly elegant and relaxed with lots of greenery but still really close to the action.	
Jun 24 2009 	Best kept secret for the non-gambling luxury seeking young couples	We just got back from a FABULOUS stay at The Signature.Yes it a bit of a walk from the MGM but if you're there to relax by a cool pool along a hot young crowd or to go out or shop or just hang on the strip and outside the Casino this is PERFECT! Its smells nice and since its in sort of ''gated community'' it’s safe and quiet. It’s in between the Las Vegas strip and the back street KOVAL lane, so it’s much quicker to get to other hotels and avoid the traffic on the strip and plus there are no long lines to get into Taxis like at other hotels.If you stay in Tower 1, you've got a Starbucks in the lobby and quick access to the hotel pool and lounge. Across the main entrance there is the WET Republic pool &amp; Bar! It’s awesome if you want to lounge in the sun on a day bed or in a private cabana, listen to great music and drink or sleep all day! It’s the hottest pool in Vegas and there are no kids! You also get access to the pools at the MGM and the pool at the Signature. So there is lots of choice!The room was great! We were at the PH level. We called in a few days before we arrived and let them know we wanted tower 1 and a room with a view. The check in at the Airport was the best. While my husband was waiting for the bags at the carousel. It took 10 mins for me to get our room keys, we did even have to not wait cus there was no line. They also arranged our hotel transportation (30$ round trip per person BUT you can get it cheaper 12$ when you walk outside after you pick up your luggage). Use the airport check-in cus they’re could be a line up when you get to the hotel and that way once you get there you can go straight to your room. Friends at other hotels had to wait 60mins to check in. The concierges were ALL amazing, they made great restaurant recommendations, they were able to change them as our plans changes or we were running late. They were able to book excursions (strip tours and Grand Canyon tours) for us and get tickets to others shows at other hotels. If you want to see Kà for Cirque du Soleil, wait till you get to the hotel, since this is part of the MGM we got our tickets at 40% off.The hotel has no Casino, so it’s quiet, clean and smells nice. It’s mostly young couples, groups of young singles and some young families. Still it was very quiet in the rooms! You don't have to walk to the MGM to get to the strip, the hotel is right next door to the PH and the Miracle Mile shopping center (about a 5-10 mins walk) so you are closer to the other hotel (Paris, Bellagio, etc) then from the MGM. There is a CVS and another pharmacy/grocery store walking distance on the stip. So this hotel was more central than expected, but its right not on the strip like the MGM. It’s right next to the Marriott who is off the strip as well. (Just google map everything)The pictures you see on Booknow.com or tripadvisor are very representative of the rooms. The rooms are suites and it was clean, the huge spa tub in the bathroom could fit 4 ppl, so for 2 ppl it was great. for a relaxing bubble bath. They provide you with robes, the only things missing were slippers, but we actually never called to see if we should have gotten some or if they don't provide them. There is a lot of closet space and drawers. The bathroom had lots of cabinets and extra towels. It was perfect! There is also a shower and a separate toilet area. The bath products were AMAZING. June Jacobs. Housekeeping brought us a whole gift bag of them that we took home! It has a TV in the bathroom and a flat screen in the room with an IPod dock and alarm clock. I love the soap and moisturizer! The view of the strip was so has the hotel on the strip was in construction. We never heard anything, very quiet hotel. The elevators were fast!The room comes with a mini fridge, stove top and microwave so you can warm up room service. The room service menu seemed great. We did breakfast on the balcony one day, it was nice. (Coffee maker and free Wi-Fi as well). The room safe was big enough for a laptop and more.So aside from the bath slippers, we cannot think of anything except great praises to say. It made out first Vegas experience memorable, pleasant and very comfortable. Oh yes, the bed was soo comfortable and the staff was helpful and VERY professional!I would go back and I recommend it to anyone who likes the little boutique - chic hotel - with no Casino! The only thing it did not have on certain other hotels was the luxury shops. (Cartier, LV, Gucci, Hermes, Alexander McQueen, DVF, Jimmy C, etc.) but if you want those you'll have to stay at the Wynn, Pallazo/Venetian, Caesar or Bellagio but there you would have to deal with huge crowds, line ups for everything and smoke stinky Casinos!	
Jun 22 2009 	Great Rooms 	This accommodation was arranged by Virgin Holidays who had prepaid the resort fee us, so not really an issue for us. We had a room on the 30th Floor and were asked if we wanted a Las Vegas Strip or Mountain view, take my advice and ask for the mountain view if given the option, as the strip view resembles nothing more than buildings under construction and talking to other guests it was the same whichever tower you stayed in.Checking in and checking out was fast and efficient and a very short taxi ride from the airport.As others have stated the comfort and decor of the rooms is second to none and the room facilities would be hard to beat, they were equipped with every amenity a traveler would want after a hard day in the casinos or walking the strip. We did not suffer any noise at anytime and the quality of the bed and furnishing contibuted to a good nights sleep. Cleaning is carried out daily but you must remember to push the maid service request via the buttons by the main light switch or you will not get your room serviced we forgot, but reported to the concierge and it was arranged within a matter of minutes, excellent service!We did contemplate using the swimming pool at the Signature, each tower has it's own pool but most appeared to have insufficient loungers so we gave it a miss not only because of the lack of loungers but because of the noise being generated by those posing by the pool, so relaxing was out of the question!The only minor issue is the distance from the strip itself which would not have been so bad if the moving walkways had been working, on each day at least one or two of the walkways were out of order. All in all rooms of this quality and standard will be hard to beat in Las Vegas at a reasonable rate.	
Jun 22 2009 	The Good and The Bad	The BadWe recently booked a suite at The Signature through Joshua D'Amore and I would advise everyone to NOT book through him and book directly with The Signature. Here is a list of all the issues that we encountered:1) I specifically asked if Daily Cleaning would be provided and he told me that it would. However - after we had been there 2 days and housekeeping never came - I emailed him to ask why we had not been provided with housekeeping yet. He responded back saying that we would be brought fresh towels. I told him that we would like fresh towels each day and he said not a problem. The next night after we didn't receive fresh towels again - I tried to contact him on several occasions and he has still not responded back. We also ran out of toilet paper on day 3 and had to get our own. Out of our 7 night stay - we got 2 sets of fresh towels - Not Acceptable.2) The room was dirty when we arrived. There was an inch of dust on everything, bathtub and shower were dirty, and the carpet has so many stains on it - Just Gross!3) Fan in the bathroom does not work.4) TV in the bathroom does not work and is only about a 9&quot; screen.The GoodThe Signature is a Great Hotel but, book it directly with the Signature. The pools were nice and the staff was amazing. Having the kitchen in the rooms was very nice. We went to the local Walgreens and picked up some breakfast items and snack for our trip. The walk is not that bad. It is connected by a Tunnel to the MGM. I would recomment this to anyone that would like a quiet getaway from all the hussel and bussel of Vegas.	
Jun 22 2009 	DISGRACED	The Signature towers are considered to be a luxury hotel. When booking our holiday we booked the signature because of it's security and luxury. On arriving to the Signature our bags were lost during our flight. When checking into our room we only had few possessions on us. With no luggage on us we decided to take a look around leaving my sunglasses, flip flops and a T-shirt in our made up room. On returning to our room later that afternoon the items left in the room were gone. House Keeping has entered the room believing the guests have checked out leaving these items behind. On speaking to the house keeping lady named Luicy the following day she admitted to my friends and myself that Nancy the other cleaner had put the sunglasses in her bag. The flip flops were returned the following day but not the expensive sunglasses. The matter was reported and for the whole 2 week stay i had to continually chase up my sunglasses. My private property had been taken in a so called luxury hotel by it's own staff. The expensive sunglasses were purchased in Spain and can not be bought in Australia or America. The staff made very little effort in retrieving these sunglasses. I was continually passed on to different people. Snior management were unable to speakn to me. I have written a letter to the CEO of the MGM and still have not been contacted. I felt helpless and disgusted on how i was continually ignored. As a business owner i will do everything in my power to WARN people of the hotel the Signature really is. NO holiday experience or privacy should be experienced by anyone. I STRONGLY recommend not staying at this hotel as i don't want it happening to you.	
Jun 21 2009 	Quiet beautiful rooms close to Strip great value.	Signature consists of three towers east of the MGM Grand, with each having its own entrance (off of Harmon), reception, and parking. They share a small deli/restaurant which opens for breakfast and lunch, a cocktail bar, a tiny newsstand, and a fitness center. Room service is available. Each tower has a pool, but the one for tower 3 is only open weekends. My friend used a pool and found it almost deserted on a Saturday. Larger, more crowded pool and fitness center are available at MGM. The principal advantage of Signature is that it is somewhat isolated—there is little noise and no hustle and bustle. To get from the entrance to your room takes less than 2 minutes. It is completely nonsmoking and nongambling , and you don’t have to walk through a noisy casino to reach your room. Most guests seem to be adults. If you are a swinging single and like to be surrounded by heavy drinking, smoking, and partying, you won’t like it here.  Parking seems convenient, although we arrived by taxi. Doorman will call a cab for you and we waited never more than two minutes.  Some reviewers have commented that it is a long walk to the Strip. I timed my walking (I don’t walk fast), and it took 4 minutes from tower 3 (the farthest away) to the entrance of MGM Grand (part moving walkways); 3 more minutes to the casino; and 3 more minutes to the Strip. The standard rooms are the best and largest I’ve seen in Vegas. Junior suites with 550 sq. ft. are the least expensive.They are beautifully furnished, have a great bathroom with whirlpool tub, and most have balconies. View is mostly other high-rise buildings. They have coffee maker, microwave, small refrigerator, cooktop, blender, pots and pans and utensils.  This partly reflects the fact that some of the rooms are owned by individuals and are used for longer term stays. It is said that better rates can be obtained through some agencies which represent absentee owners, but we reserved through MGM.  Service staff members are very friendly and accommodating.  A daily facilities charge of $20 (including fitness center, internet access, etc.) is made so they can advertise lower rates, This is slightly annoying but it is made clear at time of booking.	
Jun 20 2009 	Really good!	We stayed for 4 nights in June 2009.This place is really great, just far enough away from the hustle and bustle or the strip. If you have never been to vegas before then perhaps stay at a strip hotel before you stay here to fully appreciate it.Rooms are really well appointed (we were given a penthouse junior suite, we only booked a standard junior suite). Great to have tea/coffee making facilities and a toaster etc.. in the room.The pools and gyms are really good and not overcrowded like the pool at the MGM itself which looked like hell!Walk to the MGM itself takes about 3 minutes then another 3-5 to get thru the casino itself. Those who say longer, what we you doing? Hopping on one legs backwards? If you want to avoid the MGM itself you can walk down Harmon and into Planet Hollywood in 5 minutes.There are starbucks/deli/pool bars on site but we didn't use them.All in all a great place to stay in Vegas.	
Jun 19 2009 	Great Place to stay	We had 5 nights at the Signature and loved every minute. The staff were superb and some of the most polite and helpful I have ever come across. The hotel has its own pool, Starbucks, gym etc and is a nice haven from the main MGM Grand and only a 10 minute walk. We booked thru a private company (www.bluechipvegas.com) that we found on VRBO and again they were superb and we will use them and stay at the Signature when we return to Vegas.	
Jun 19 2009 	Not Quite Perfect...But Well Worth It	When we pulled up you could tell this was no ordinary hotel. The staff was great and the lobby area was clean and welcoming. This hotel is a short walk to the MGM (by tunnel). We got the one bedroom suite. Fully stocked kitchen, jucuzzi, two restrooms, comfortable bed, living room area, the works. The only problem is the balcony window was dirty. On my final night, I heard some gang talk at 2:30 a.m. with the chant &quot;whats up cuzz, f_ _ _ you N_igg _. It last 20 minutes and no sign of security. However, Im convinced by my overall experience that that final nights problmes was the exception to the norm. Overall, I would recommend for an upscale alternative to the other highend hotels.	
Jun 19 2009 	Just book it!	We stayed here for two nights. It's a great place to stay in Las Vegas for about £95 per night we got a 32nd floor room with kitchen and massive bathroom including jacuzzi.Really recommended.	
Jun 19 2009 	Was Great and love the History	There is no doubt the MGM has sank alot of money in keeping their facilities top notch. I really enjoyed my stay there. I was there to do some ghost hunting and the MGM was a stop over. MGM had a fire in the early 80's where like 84 people died. I didnt realize until I got there that the building is now actually part of Bally's. They also had a hostess in the Studio Cafe murdered in the kitchen office. I read about it at vegasstripdeaths.com Anyway great place to visit and worth staying there. It is kinda far from the convention center but the monorail is close and goes right there. Doc	
Jun 18 2009 	One of the best to stay in!	Without a doubt I would recommend and go to this hotel again and again.Pros- Beautiful hotel, quiet (minus the slamming doors, not a big deal at all though slept like a baby)- Friendly, helpful staff.- Great amenities that were very useful.- Access to MGM Grand pool and lazy river without staying at the MGM Grand.- Close to Miracle Mile shops which were great for picking up little odds and endsCons- No shuttle service to Fremont- If you don't bring a laptop or read a news paper the $20 a night fee is kind of useless. (not a big deal though)*Tips- If you want to be closer to the strip or the MGM request to stay in building 1, they will most likely accommodate you with no trouble.- If you need more water than the room provides call and request it, if not head to the fitness centre or the pool, tons of free ice bottled water available- When getting from the airport to hotel or vice a versa if you chose to take a cab ask to take residential streets and not the highway, trip is much faster and costs less.- Free access to the MGM pool with your keycard the lazy river is available to use you don’t need a tube or float, but if you do want one feel free to rent or bring your own at a better cost, just don’t buy one too big, make sure it’s for singles and not doubles or more.- Miracle Mile shops is close to the Signature and is right on the strip, there is a Walgreens close by so you can pick up anything you might have forgotten to pack, or even snacks for early morning or late nights.- Kitchen is fully stocked with dishes and cookware for anything you need- If you want to get to Fremont or North of the strip “The Deuce” bus ticket is $7 for a 24 hour pass as much as you want to use, a lot of tourists use the bus so it’s great and easy to use for non-locals.Go with an open mind and you will come back with a nonstop smile.	
Jun 18 2009 	Couldn't have chosen better	We stayed in Vegas for 5 days for the wedding part of our honeymoon trip and The Signature was perfect. We booked into a one bedroom suite and were on the 34th floor of Tower 2. Our balcony looked up the strip one way and our bedroom windows looked down the strip the other way, just amazing. Everything was incredible, I was a bit of a nervous wreck with getting married etc but the staff couldn't have been more helpful. Even to the point of being able to let me know a year later which room we were in so that we can return for our 2nd anniversary next year. The 'walk' that seemed to be the only downside mentioned in the reviews we had read was nothing, as mentioned there are moving walkways and it's only a few minutes walk anyway - and very handy to be able to pick up a litre of slushy at the slushy bar on the way through LOL.The only disappointing thing was that, having booked into the MGM Spa for a wax and spraytan a day or two before our wedding, I showed up for my appt to be refused an underarm wax unless I had another service such as a facial as well. I didn't need anything apart from the underarm wax and tan, and certainly wasn't going to risk having a facial and breaking out just before my wedding!! The MGM concierge was great though and booked me in at another hotel's spa for the services I wanted. The MGM Spa then charged me for not keeping my appt, but this was sorted out promptly by The Signature. We are so looking forward to returning next year, and are staying for 10 days this time to totally relax and enjoy.	
Jun 17 2009 	Loved it.....	Just got back from a girls trip where 3 of us stayed @ The Signature. All the good reviews are true. Beautiful rooms, walk not bad @ all &amp; we were in Tower 3 which is the farthest from MGM, &amp; great service. In fact the reason I'm adding any more is just to tell everyone how great the service was. We ordered up more water every day. It was prompt &amp; brought up by a great addition to the hotel , Robert. He gave us some great advice on places to go and do &amp; even came back with presents (Corona &amp; Hard Lemonade) while we were heading out one night. Tip him well if he comes up to your room!!! Loved everything &amp; can't wait to go back!! This is by far my first choice in Vegas.	
Jun 17 2009 	Fantastic retreat in Vegas	We stayed at the Signature last week. 4 adults 4 children in a 2 bed condo for 4 nights. We booked via internet with an owner, got free wifi, free gym &amp; access all areas (pools at Signature &amp; MGM)A previous poster says gym is not good, I disagree. State of the art equipment, cold/iced towels, free water &amp; very clean &amp; well looked after (I used Tower 1 gym) I did not feel the need to go to the MGM gym.We ate at Rainforest Cafe on our first night. What a rip off. Went to TGIs at Orleans Hotel next night, paid half what we paid at Rainforest for better food. Went bowling after, great fun. Also ordered pizzas online from Dominos one night, they arrived 25 mins later at our condo door - perfect!Many say Vegas is not for kids, our loved it. The Signature is nicely off the hussle of the Strip, but close enough to dip in &amp; out. Lazy River at MGM was great for them, we headed there mid afternoon, having spent half a day at the peaceful pool at our tower.We will return!!!	
Jun 16 2009 	My favorite Vegas hotel!	Went to Vegas for a conference, brought my girlfriends along, stayed at the Signature for the second year in a row even though the conference was at a different hotel. It is quiet and luxurious. Rooms are spacious, clean and modern. I especially loved the service, the always available padded lounge chairs by the pool, and the laid back vibe. The location is also excellent. I did not mind the 10 min. walk to MGM. And, if the Signature pool is not your thing, you can also use the much larger and more trendy pool at MGM Grand. I recently stayed at the Encore, but prefer the Signature by far!	
Jun 16 2009 	Good value but disappointing for Vegas	This hotel is a nice one - nice big room, quiet, good value, service was good, etc..etc...no complaints on those items really. However, be aware (1) it's a bit dull/boring (lacks any of the fun, energetic vibe of the real resorts) (2) a fairly long walk to the MGM Grand (~10 mins) across a bunch of dingy 80s-era people movers (3) It's REALLY hard to get a cab here on fri or sat nights (4) that you DON'T have access to things like Wet Republic at the MGM (you will need to pay extra) (5) the gym sucks and you'll have to pay the $25/day to work out at the MGM gym if you are (like me) a serious gym rat. (6) Business center ($1/min for a poor-quality internet) was highway robbery. B/c of the above we prob. wouldn't stay here again, its not the vegas experience we look for, but its good value.	
Jun 15 2009 	Wow beautiful hotel	Everything about this hotel is top classPool small but lovelyRooms fab jetted baths really comfy bed full fridge The only down side is it take a while to get back to the strip as you have to walk through the MGM	
Jun 15 2009 	Excellent stay!	We spent 2 nights in a junior suite at the Signature (tower 2) and we loved this hotel. Our room was spacious and clean with a very modern look. The bathroom was quite large with a double sink, granite countertops, a jacuzzi, large shower, and a small flat screen TV. Our room had a kitchen area with granite countertops, a full-size microwave, blender, toaster, mini-fridge, stove top, coffee machine, eating utensils, cups, bowls, plates, etc. You could pick up groceries and cook your meals there if you wanted to. The coffee in the room tasted quite good - not like your typical yucky coffee you find in most hotel rooms. There's also a Starbucks coffee closeby in Tower 1 which is a short walk. We had a king size bed and a flat screen TV in the room, a sitting area (love seat, chair, coffee table) and a desk area. Our room also had a balcony, but there are no outdoor chairs on the balcony which would have been nice. We had a view of the strip but the view's not that great - you can't really see a lot of the strip. Their service was very good. We only had one very minor problem where the hair dryer stopped working but they brought me a new one within 10 or 15 minutes.We made our researvations over the phone through their reservation line. We signed up for a 2 night stay with the romance package. Upon check-in, there seemed to be a problem and the package wasn't on our reservation. I had called ahead and confirmed it several times, so not sure what the issue was, but once I explained this, they corrected the issue and gave us the package, so it wasn't a problem. The Signature is a little bit of a walk to the MGM Grand, but there are moving walkways for part of the way and I really didn't think it was a bad walk, although it would probably not be ideal for people with mobility issues. The Signature does not have its own casino and it's completely smoke-free (you can't even smoke on the balconies), but you can always walk to MGM Grand for that. It was nice to be away from the strip and the casinos. The Signature is a nice, quiet, relaxing place to stay and very reasonably priced. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 14 2009 	Excellent property!!	We first booked our room through Luxury Suites Intl but upon hearing bad things canceled and re booked through MGM. They matched our rate from LSI and even waived the resort fee. The resort fee in my opinion is a waste of money. You get 2 of the tiniest bottles of water, access to the gym and wifi for $20 a day. MGM, you should just include that in the price of the rooms. We stayed in the Jr. Suite and it was great. Not all of them come with a balcony but ours on the 25th floor did. It was a clean, airy and spacious room. The bathroom was nice, with a separate shower and tub. It could have used an extra trash can though as the only one was near the toilet. The jacuzzi tub was great and the bath robes were oh-so-soft. The best part was not having to inhale 2nd hand smoke and pass through miles of slot machines on our way to our car. The hotel is valet parking only which meant we could be from our room to our car in about 10 minutes most of which was just waiting for the valet to bring the car. No long walks to the parking garage. We were in tower 2 so the walkway to the MGM did not feel long at all. The pool area was really nice. The room and property are both modern with great decors and amenities. You won't regret it.	
Jun 13 2009 	Luxurious relaxing hotel in the heart of Vegas	We chose this hotel as it was non smoking and non gambling. We went to Vegas for the shows, not the gambling. The hotel was an oasis of calm and serenity. Rooms are very good. It is linked to the MGM Grand via an internal walkway. Checkin and checkout was very quick, unlike the typical Vegas experience where you can queue for what seems like hours. Overall, a great place to stay.	
Jun 12 2009 	A Great Hotel	The Signature is a top quality hotel and is a great place to stay while in Vegas.Check in was a breeze, No one in line and we were upgraded to a penthouse suite without even asking.The rooms are amazing. A huge comfortable bed and the pull out bed was great too. There was no minibar but in its place was a fridge, which i think was much better as the minibars tend to be too expensive. Having a balcony is a great place to relax with a drink and just look out at the great place that is Vegas.The hotel itself was spotless, the maids were great. We were never left without any towels or toiletries. Room service was excellent. The only bad thing i can say about the hotel is the long walk to The MGM casino but i just brought a bottle of beer with me and that passed the time. It was only after i got back from my trip that i found out, you could exit tower 3 and be in Planet Hollywood in 5 minutes.I would have no problems staying in this hotel again but i do like to trying a different hotel with each vist.	
Jun 12 2009 	Our New Favorite Place In Vegas	We have stayed at multiple other hotels in Vegas but The Signature is now our preferred destination. The rooms are gorgeous (with complete kitchenettes) and the views from the upper floors are great. It's also refreshing to come down off the elevator and not immediately be met by &quot;ding, ding, ding&quot; and a crowd. Yes, you have to walk a little but it's worth it. You are a 3 minute walk to the MGM pool and if you're going out, cab service from the hotel is easy. You are also about a 4 minute walk to Planet Hollywood's mall.We have stayed at The Hotel at Mandalay and these rooms are just as nice at half the cost. You owe it to yourself to check this out.	
Jun 10 2009 	All I could Ask of a stay in Vegas	I only stay in four and five star hotels/ resorts and this was our first stop at the Signature. After reading and researching Me, Wife and 6month old were ready and to our delight it was better than expected...We had a junior suite in tower2 and we requested a strip view which we got with no problem ( we booked through the MGM Signature directly stay for 3nights get 4th n/c) . The room was spotless and housekeeping did a great job. Room service was fast and the food was great. The quietness of the room stands out in such a loud town like Vegas everywhere was busy and loud but it was quite refreshing to getaway from the crowds yet still be walking distance from the action. We loved the pools and the service was excellent there as well...I hired a great babysitting service (Grandma Dotti's) which really helped Me and my Wife get to some serious fun. I don't think I will stay anywhere else not just because of the great room, service, etc. but there is not a better location that can tout being as close to the action of the strip yet providing unparalleled tranquility like the Signature.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Bachelor Party Rooms -- but be ready for a long walk to anywhere	The check in was fast and easy. They accomidated a group of 11 guys accross 3 rooms on the same floor (20) of Tower 1. Each room had great views, accomidations, etc. The Master Suite came with a whirlpool tub, and some of the rooms with tvs to watch while showering... not neccesary, but a nice perk.The views were great. The only downside is that you're a 10 minute walk from the back of the MGM Grand and another 10 from the front, where you can exit to the strip. Its semi convenient to get on the Monorail, but we didn't use that very often...All in all great stay, we got it comparbly priced to the MGM Grand itself, so it was definately worth it. Paying much more to stay so far away may only be worth it for romantic special occaisions.	
Jun 8 2009 	The perfect way to start married life	We stayed at the Signature during our first trip to Vegas which was also our wedding and honeymoon. We found the Signature to be THE BEST hotel we have EVER stayed in! We could not recommend it more highly. The attention to detail in the room is second to none: the room was spotlessly clean and you could not ask for anything more. The jacuzzi was the perfect way to relax after hours walking the Strip. Service in the hotel was excellent. My only slight criticism is that the hotel is a little way from the Strip- not a major walk, but when you're tired and want to get back, traipsing through the MGM Grand or walking along East Harmon Ave. seems to take forever!	
Jun 8 2009 	For a quiet relaxing stay in Vegas...	Yes I know. The words quiet, relaxing, and Vegas don't generally go in the same sentence. But at the MGM Signature, it is possible to go to Vegas, relax by a pool, see a few shows, and enjoy stellar customer service without having to wade through the smokey, noisy casinos and the marauding packs of drunken 20 somethings. Our three nights at the Signature were the best time we've had in Las Vegas in ages! Out studio suite in Tower 3 was spacious, and the bed was incredibly comfortable. Mini-kitchen, granite countertops, large jacuzzi tub and tile shower, even a large bowl of fresh fruit added to the comfort. The staff is incredibly attentive and call you by name from the moment you arrive. There is a daily $15 resort fee which you will need to add into your budget. It covers towel service at the pool, broadband computer hookup, fitness center use, etc. I was a bit disappointed that the pool for Tower 3 where we were staying was open only on Sat and Sunday so we had to walk through the covered passageway to Tower 2 to use that pool. Access to the Signature towers is completely separate from the rest of the resort, meaning you can come and go easily without having to negotiate through the casino as in other Las Vegas Strip properties. We will definitely be looking to the MGM Signature for future trips to Vegas	
Jun 6 2009 	Don't book this hotel with Luxury Suites Intl.!	We booked through Luxury Suites Intl for a 2 bedroom condo to save a little money and the rooms were not at all up to par. Carpets were stained and had dirt, moths, etc. on them, Beside lamp and niche light didn't work and still didn't work when we left. Door hand came offf of closet, cleaners did a terrible job, pillows on couch were ripped with stuffing coming out. Book direct through the hotel if you want to stay here to get the better rooms and a decent service. Luxury Suites Intl. refused to refund anything and I spent a good part of our vacation trying to get the services done!	
Jun 6 2009 	Excellent	This hotel is amazing. Check in was very fast. The staff were friendly. The rooms were massive, had a one bedroom suite with views of the strip. We could sit out on the balcony and watch all the goings on on the strip. Definitly worth the money. I will stay here the next time I go to Vegas. The walk to the MGM is not a problem - moving walkways cover most of the route. You enter the MGM at the back but this is were the mon-rail and all the restaurants are.	
Jun 5 2009 	Great location and some privacy in Vegas	Stayed here for 1 night in April on a busy trip. 3 of us shared a 2 bed room, plenty of space and an amazing view! Private parking was easy to access and made the hotel feel special straight away. Check-in was quick and easy and the room was spotless.The air conditioned walkway gives really easy access to the MGM, you're only ever 5 minutes away from the food, shops and clubs! We had breakfast in the hotel and that was amazing, well worth it!If i wanted to do something special i'd recommend this hotel to anyone, for future long weekends in vegas i'll be going for something cheaper.	
Jun 5 2009 	2nd time back even better this time	I have stayed at several hotels in Las Vegas and this one is simply the best.Its a luxury hotel that has top quality rooms. The bed is enormous and i defy anybody to find a bed that is more comfortable. Theres a 40 inch HD tv in your room, with more channels than the wynn and other hotels.Free wireless internet is in your room as standard, no arrangements needed at reception or network keys, even these details are sorted for you. the bathroom is huge, with your own jacuzzi bath tub that works fantastically well and is spotlessly cleaned every day.there are 2 reasonably quiet pools at the signature, but these both provide padded sun loungers, free iced bottled waters and towels for you, or you can head off to the pool at the mgm grand which has a lazy river and more lively atmosphere, particularly at weekends.you also have the benefit of being the side of the mgm grand that is close to the monorail that connects the hotel to paris las vegas, caesars palace, bellagio, stratosphere etcthe gym is fantastic and included in the daily resort fee. not every hotel charges this but factor it into your budget, it sounds like a rip off but if you consider what you get included in your stay compared to other hotels it provides far superior value to other 4 and 5 star hotels in LV.	
Jun 3 2009	Signature Suites are Just Plain Awesome!	the signature suites are the way to go in Vegas. I rented from a private owner and the value for my money compared to hotels was amazing! We had a 2 bedroom 3 bath unit with 6 people. It was roomy, so quite, had a great balcony, great beds and pillows, full kitchen, flat screens, just everything. Staff was very courteous. No complaints! The walk to the MGM is no big deal. After sitting, drinking all day, was is a little walking? We used the lazy river and it was great. Drinks are high! the workout room had 5 treadmills, 5 arc trainers, stair master, and lots of weights. The towers do have their own pools and small restaurants. We were in tower 1, but ate at tower 2. Overall, it is a great place to stay and highly recommended!	
Jun 3 2009 	Extremely nice rooms away from the Chaos at the Main building of MGM	The rooms were large (we even took a junior suite) and the price for what we got was amazing. Private bathroom, whirlpool bath, mini kithchens all stainless steel and granite. Free internet, gym, private pools.....plush comfortable bed! You even still get access to all amenities of the regular MGM grand....	
Jun 3 2009 	Incredible Hotel - People Skills??	Arrived at the MGM Grand, where I had booked, and was exhausted after a week of hiking and ready for a TV and AirConditioner. Trecked to the front desk from the parking area to be greeted by a young lady who said she wanted to give us an upgrade at no charge - no arguments, I said OK. She ask us to go to Tower 3 at the Signature so we we're off. Didn't know it is about two blocks off the strip and what a hike! At the Check-in there, after giving the stuff we gave at the front desk again, we where assigned a different package than we had prepaid that did not give us what we had booked other than the upgraded room. After two very nice check in girls, no emplowerment to make decisions, I ended up with Malita who tried her best to tell me the prepaid package I had was no longer available as she could not the package on the computer I had a hard copy reservation in my hand from the MGM. She told me they did not have internet access???? I ask her to check on the internet my reservation and she confirmed that they did not have internet access - I mean that??? Couldn't believe it. After 65 minutes of standing at Tower 3 check in desk, (not all bad, I got some tips, just kidding people thought I worked there as I was on the phone constantly) I ask to speak with a manager but Malita was in control - NO Manager - Malita said she had internet access and found what I had all along and we were correct and she would authorize what we already booked, paid for and had confirmation. Onward to the room!!Beautiful - wonderful - can't say enough. Clean - Comfortable - and a HOT shower. HOTEl is AWESOME - Check in was a nightmare!!! Not close to the strip - which was nice -	
Jun 2 2009 	Lovely Hotel	Stayed at the Signature over Memorial Day weekend. Loved the hotel, didn't mind the trek to the Strip at all to have this secluded, quiet hotel to come back to. The room was beautiful and roomy, the kitchenette well-stocked and so handy for breakfast in the room when it was hard to get out of bed (we all know that feeling), the quiet pool was relaxing and not too crowded (for Tower 2, where I stayed), the beds were comfy, the bathroom gigantic, the whirlpool tub just the ticket for soothing tired legs and feet. Was surprised when people kept telling me, &quot;I had no idea this was back here.&quot; Hmmm...three tall towers are well hidden....Unfortunately, had a problem at check-in. Room was booked via Expedia, and the reservation was cancelled because the hotel was overbooked. However, no one notified me, so this was all news to me at the check-in. The clerk was not really very helpful and basically told me they were going to move me. Expedia wasn't very helpful and told me I could get a refund and book something else, but they couldn't match the rate I had gotten on the Signature (which was very, very good and was the reason I booked with Expedia). The clerk told me there was absolutely no room for me, but after I stood there for about 30 minutes asking to talk to the manager, there suddenly was a room for me (sorry if someone else got bumped). Anyway, mishaps can happen anywhere, but I was disappointed in the customer service I received. Otherwise, no complaints with this hotel. It lived up to expectations in all other aspects.	
Jun 2 2009 	TA...right again!	I truly cannot leave home and choose a place to stay without TA! The reviews were exactly correct for this location in Vegas. The Signature was perfect for us. We love the MGM restaurants, casino, pools, and especially the Signature. No smoke...updated, modern facilities. Lovely large rooms with almost a full kitchen. Bathrooms are huge with jacuzzi tubs, double sinks, oversize showers. Tower 2 was very quiet on the 20th floor with a great view. We had delicious sandwiches &amp; margaritas at the pool, great service. We ate at 3 of the restaurants @ MGM and loved every meal. They were pricey but the food was fabulous. Pearl was our very favorite...the absolutely most delicious meal we have had all year. Great food from Diego also and the wait staff was very attentive and polite. Vegas needs tourists and most everyplace we visited acted like it for the first time!If you go, you cannot get a better deal or more beautiful place to stay than the Signature!	
Jun 1 2009 	We had our wedding here and it was LOVELY!	Well, the wedding was at the Little Church of the West but the reception and dinner following the wedding were held at the Signature. We also stayed there the entire week and were pampered beyond belief! It is wonderful being in Vegas (forget gambling... the shopping, baby!! the shopping!! oh, and the spas) and not having to worry about the casino noise and smoke. I cannot wait to stay here in the future!	
Jun 1 2009 	Great value but MGM Grand is better	The Signature at MGM Grand is a bit of a walk from the MGM Grand, separated by a walkway and keypad-access entrance. One benefit of the Signature that guests often cite is that it feels so removed from the Strip and is so quiet and peaceful that it doesn't seem like you're in Vegas. I actually like to feel like I'm in Vegas when I'm in Vegas, so this isn't a particular selling point for me.See my review of the MGM Grand for a comparison of the two. From what I recall, the Signature was about 3x the price of the MGM Grand, but the MGM Grand was pretty great so I can't say that the Signature was 3x as nice. Don't get me wrong though, both rates offered high values.The staff was fine and the room was quite big - so big it looked somewhat bare. There was digital cable, a flat panel television and a kitchenette. The bed was crazy comfortable... you could just sink into it and disappear. No view to speak of - I think we overlooked a parking lot of some sort. The bathroom was huge and beautifully laid out in earth tones.Unless you really need the extra space, the kitchenette or the quiet, I would recommend the MGM Grand over the Signature. The MGM Grand is a great value, clean, modern, comfortable and more conveniently located.	
May 29 2009 	Simply Awesome.........	Me and my wife were at &quot;The signature at MGM&quot; between May 22nd and May 25th over memorial day weekend. We were accompanied by another friend couple of mine. Since we booked our package separately we had no guarantee of getting room close to each other but we requested anyway...receiptionist tried to get us a double room penthouse but she couldn't got it because they were overbooked, so to make that up she put our friends on 34th floor of tower 3 and us on 38th floor (by the way is a top floor in that hotel) upper penthouse of tower 2. She welcomed us with great smile and was very quick and accurate in provide information while checking us out. Hotel lobby is great and staff is very friendly. Hotel has three swimming pools with hot tub in it for each tower and they also let us use all the pools and hot tub in MGM grand which is only 5 min walking distance from our tower with walking escalator in a lobby. MGM itself has lot of nice restaurants in different categories with different price range to suit your budget. Strip is only 10 minute walking distance from hotel and there is a monorail station inside MGM for quick transportation. Overall this hotel is awesome and great value for price. Hotel room provide stove, blender, toaster and very huge LCD screen television in it. I would recommend this hotel any given day. Above all this whole property is smoke free which was great for people like us who doesn't smoke.	
May 29 2009 	Lived up to expectation	The Signature totally lived up to our expectations. Main good points about it are easy check in, peaceful compared to rest of strip, excellent room service and extremely comfortable rooms. I also enjoyed having a balcony as this seems to be rare in Vegas.Only bad points are the resort tax which is a bit steep and the distance needed to walk to get through the MGM Grand although this is avoidable since location of Tower 3 means you can easily walk out the back entrance and find yourself at Planet Hollywood.	
May 28 2009 	Serenity Now	After almost destroying our bodies hiking in Zion National park, we spent two days in Vegas to recharge, relax, eat good food, and pamper ourselves a bit. These we did at the Signature. This hotel was ideal for us, we aren't really into walking the strip. The Signature was connected to, but isolated from, the hustle of Vegas. During the day we could relax at the pool (Tower 3), or go to the MGM's pool complex and its party atmosphere. The Signature offered an oasis in the craziness of Las Vegas.We checked in at 3:00 and it only took 10 minutes, the entire staff was extremely pleasant and helpful, except the consierge who never answered their phone.The rooms (Jr. Suite) was large, completely equiped with everything (including kitchen utensils) the bathroom was vey large with a separated toilet room, the shower was roomy and the water pressure was perfect. The room was very clean and the furniture was in great shape. The bed was very comfy, perfect for our sore bodies.Though the Signature is a bit removed from the main action of las Vegas, it is still a fairly short walk through the enclosed walkway to get to the MGM Grand and all it restaurants, pools, the spa and the casino. With the complex connected to the monorail, going to other hotels on the strip was fairly easy.This hotel is not set up for the party crowd, though the MGM is right there for that.The fitness center was clean and well stocked with equipment, clean towels, and headphones so my wife could get her workout in and drag me along so I could treadmill while getting caught up in all the news we missed in Zion.I would highly recommend the Signature at the MGM to anyone who likes doing Las Vegas but wants an option to get away whenever they desire. We loved our stay there.The only compaint we had, and it's minor, is that they would not allow us to get a late check-out. Our flight was at 5:00 and the only thing they offered us was that the bellmen would store our bags until our departure time. There is not even a hospitality room for any former guests to freshen up in before leaving. We won't hold that against them, the Bellmen were extremely pleasant and helpful and we enjoyed our stay thoroughly.	
May 27 2009	Hotel with great access to strip and amentities in MGM Grand!	Initially the front desk put me on the 5th floor in room 714, but then the same night, I requested a better room and got a penthouse room on the 38th floor, same room number.I drove to Las Vegas from my home in Canada as I felt it was time for a change of scenery (better than staring at a bulkhead wall in first class on the plane for 2 hours or so)I took plenty of photos on this floor and the penthouse balcony was wide open -- a potential security hole there but I respected my neighbors privacy!The hotel concierge was helpful with planning i.e. parking and what not.Bryant	
May 26 2009 	Amazing - an oasis of calm in the big city	This has to be one of the nicest places I have stayed.The whole experience was amazing. The rooms are perfect, great view of the strip. Classic and stylish rooms with everything you could wish for. Brilliant staff, the pool was lovely. A short walk from the strip, so you were near enough the nightlife, but felt like you were returning to somewhere totally different.I would certainly go back to Vegas and would not stay anywhere else. You will not be disappointed. I haven't got much to say about it, because it was all perfect, not one thing I would change. Worth every penny.	
May 26 2009 	Just far enough away from the strip	Just spent two nights in tower 3. I can't add much to the other reviews except to say that if you want a little peace and quiet during your visit this is the place to be. Loved the separate and peaceful pools, the serene lobby and the view from our room. All perfect. The length of the walk to the strip is certainly not difficult and it felt good to get back to our quiet side of Las Vegas. Highly recommended.	
May 26 2009 	Highly recommended!	I actually have not heard of the Signature until I saw Trip Advisor, and was surprised to see it as the best hotel in Vegas strip (except Skylofts). It was ranked higher than Wynn/Encore/Venetian, so I wanted to check it out.Pros+ Great location (very close covered walkway to MGM)+ Great rooms (very modern, user friendly)+ Great service (everyone from housekeeping to check in staff were friendly)+ Large bathtub (with jacuzzi)+ Very high speed internet (the fastest internet I have experienced in all hotels I have stayed in, and it is free)+ Very modern decor (including lobby, restaurants, bar)+ Delicious on-site restaurant (called delight, a self-service restaurant, but great food)+ Nice pools (in Tower 1 and 3)+ Doorman/bell desk in each tower - very personalized service+ No long walks through the casino to get to the elevatorsCons- A little off-beat location- Pool on the small side- Water pressure in shower a little weakThe hotel was wonderful. Since there are three towers, and each with its front desk, doorman, pools or fitness center, elevators, it makes for a very private service. Unlike many mega resorts in the strip, this hotel provides a more intimate and peaceful experience. I highly recommend the Signature - it is one of the best hotels I have stayed in.	
May 25 2009 	good but not great	Check-in was chaotic. At 5:30 pm they said I was lucky that there was a room clean and available.Jr. suite was nice but snug for LV...balcony had no chair or table. Nice bathroom. I turned on the &quot;maid service&quot; button at 10 am and had to remind them at 5pm to do the room.Valet and bell were spot on, kind and helpful.I generally like a young crowd, but they were as markedly trendy as a gay white party, but without the friendliness.I loved the smoke-free, the proximity to the strip and the endless free bottled water. The fitness center comes with the resort fee but is minute and inadequate by LV standards.	
May 25 2009 	Wedding experience to write home about!!!	We just got back from staying at the Signature. WOW!!! what a great experience. There was one small but very important mistake on their part but other than that, it was a pretty great experience. Upon arrival it was a smooth and classy check-in. The lobby was wonderful, none of that smoky, casino smell and atmosphere. There were bellman to open your car door and help you out and help with your suitcases if you wanted to go with that option. You really felt like a guest vs. just a number as it would seem to be the case with many of the hotels on the strip.The suite was on the 25th Floor facing the strip. We had asked to stay in the highest room with a view of the strip as it was our wedding/honeymoon trip. They definitely delivered. The suite was clean, spacious and quiet. Others have complained about the paper-thin walls but me and my new hubby definitely did not have anything to complain about. The bathroom was GORGEOUS!!!! HUGE whirlpool tub, separate large shower, great lighting, huge counterspace and the separate room for the toilet was excellent. The king-sized bed was super comfortable and the air-conditioning was excellent. Considering it was 39 degrees outside, we definitely didn't feel the pain of the heat inside.Even though other reviews have complained about the distance from the strip, we LOVED it, it was far away enough from all the craziness of even the MGM Grande but not far at all walking wise to our hotel room. It just felt like you were entering a different world but we were in Tower 1 and I think Tower 2 and 3 were farther away so can't speak for the guests in those towers but Tower 1 is DEFINITELY the way to go. Having a starbucks right in the lobby was a nice treat too as you could grab a coffee on your way to start the day off.All in all our vacation/wedding/honeymoon was excellent but... our biggest surprise/disappointment in the hotel services was when we got home and originally we thought the hotel had sent us up a bottle of beautiful moet champagne to celebrate our wedding day as the card did not indicate any names from friends, etc., we even thanked the hotel and they took the acknowledgement as though it was their own, we found out upon getting home and talking excitedly about our stay to our friends that in fact... our FRIENDS had sent us the champagne and the hotel just did not write down their names on the card even though they had specifically said their names.... how tacky is that!! The hotel was nice but a bit of a surprise disappointment of an ending to an overall nice stay. Maybe it was an oversight on the part of their concierge but REALLY let's be more professional and attentive next time. That's a pretty big deal when people spend ALOT and for others to take the credit that way is very unprofessional. Did they think we would not find out or something?!?!?!	
May 25 2009 	Wow!	We stayed for 5 nights at the MGM Signature and we had an incredible time! The location is a short walk from the strip, and the valet service was prompt and friendly. In my opinion, their attention to detail beats the Ritz Carlton level of service. The 20.00 a day resort fee includes as much bottled water as you want, and wireless internet service. You do have to ask for a newspaper in the morning at the front desk. We cooked breakfast each morning and enjoyed the pools at Signature as well as MGM property pools (although we wouldn't pay 50.00 for cover to Wet Republic on Memorial Day Saturday). Was in Tower 2 with Strip View Junior Suite. Spa tub was great.Check out unadvertised steak special at Ellis Island for 6.99. Again, Great food and deal.Can't wait to go back to Signature!	
May 24 2009 	Exceeded All Our Expectations and more!!!!	If you are traveling to Las Vegas and are tired of the standard of rooms located on the Strip, you might want to give The Signature at the MGM Grand a try. Skeptical is the word that best described my attitude making the reservation but completely overwhelmed by the opulence and attention to detail descibes our arrival and stay. The staff was very friendly and helpful beyond belief for Las Vegas. The room was very well appointed and had everything anyone could want. The services within The Signature itself were good but we were a little disappointed that many of them (cafe and Starbucks) closed by 5 p.m. Hearing that it was a long walk to the strip, we checked with the front desk and found that it was only 1 1/2 blocks on Harmon street, and a little farther going through the MGM Grand casino, however, moving walkways made it almost effortless. The pool area is great and the wait staff was very attentive but left you alone if you were relaxing. A nice change for Vegas. We would highly recommend The Signature to anyone with one hint of advise... Go on thier website and signup for thier emails as you will recieve room specials every 2 to 3 weeks that make the experience even more enjoyable. And if you need food/drink/accessories at a fraction of the cost, there is a CVS and Walgrains Drugstore less than 3 blocks away and they are open 24/7. The SIgnature at MGM Grand is what Las Vegas memories of made of... Enjoy!	
May 23 2009 	Loved Las Vegas and this was a great hotel	As we were travelling with two young kids I was so glad we chose the Signature. The suites are all equipped with a mini kitchen with everything you need. We had a one bed suite in tower 2 which was spacious. The bathroom was big with a separate toilet. The hotel bedroom areas were quiet which was good for us. Our balcony view was ok but not fantastic. The hotel location was slightly back from the strip but connected to MGM Grand by walkways. Just walking through the MGM Grand was tiring! It was great to have the Rainforest Cafe in the MGM Grand for the kids. There are so many hotels in Vegas though I would like to try another one next time. We used one of the 3? swimming pools, although you had to pay to use one of the fancy poolbeds (plastic ones were free) which is over the top as you dont have to pay for them in St Tropez! I guess its just a US thing as you have to tip almost everyone, and pay for valet parking, and tip the valets for bringing and parking your car - it all adds up!	
May 22 2009 	Beautiful Property but not pedestrian friendly for Strip Walking	The Signature at MGM Grand was a beautiful property. We went with another couple and got rooms side-by-side that we turned into adjoining rooms by use of an outer door. Very nice feature. The bathroom was spectacular, ie. jetted tub, big shower, luxurious linens, nice toiletries. The downside to this property was the location. If you're going to Vegas to walk the Strip and sightsee, find another hotel. Yes, it was possible to walk from the Signature but it surely wasn't convenient. It was at least a 10 minute walk just to get anywhere. I'd stay there again if given a chance but I'd bring my better walking shoes!	
May 21 2009 	Staff cutbacks were obvious	Spent 5 nights with my husband as an get away/anniv. trip. Location was great, 10 minutes from the airport. The lobby is stunny, a zen like quality in LV!! Rooms were great! Very well designed,stunning bathroom.Short walk to MGM and all is Las Vegasness. Short walt to PH, the Bellagio and rest of the strip.Service cutbacks did put a damper on the stay. Valets were unavailable to get car when we called from our room. We had to wait an extra long time in the heat! One day the pool was closed, and we had our choice of pool at another tower with no shade, or a walk to the MGM. This in 100 degree heat was simply unacceptable. I would have aked for a different tower. Also, if you wanted to use the buisness centers computer there was a charge. This was also unnaccptable condisdering the $20/ day fee.All in all it was a great place, but would be unlikelty to return because of these issues.	
May 21 2009 	Best hotel in Vegas -- but don't open your balcony door or the moths will invade.	Probably the most luxurious hotel I've stayed in. I had a junior suite and it was enormous. Bed, desk, kitchen, couch, shower, jacuzzi, separate toilet, TV in the bathroom! The gym was great -- we spent two hours... Really fabulous hotel and quiet for Vegas -- none of the drunken riff-raff type of thing going on in this hotel. But what really ruined it for us is the MOTHS!!! We had an invasion of at least 25 in our room!! We spent at least an hour and a half chasing after them trying to kill them... You will really regret opening your balcony door----so beware...	
May 21 2009 	amazing luxurious hotel	wow what a hotel, best bed and baths in the world!!, staff couldnt have done more for you they were fantastic, hotel is linked to the mgm grand by an enclosed walk way so you dont have to go outside to get through to the ammenities of the mgm grand, fantastic location	
May 20 2009 	Awesome Place to Stay	My wife and I stayed at the Signature early this month and we just couldn't be happier. This is our 6th time in Vegas over the last 12 years and have stayed at the Paris, Treasure Island, Hilton, Bellagio, etc....and nothing compares to the Signature as far as value for the price. Honestly, I don't think we would stay anywhere else.The Hotel is perfectly located behind the MGM Grand. We stayed in Tower 2 with a balcony facing the pools. A lot of people complains about the 10 minute walk from the Signature to the Casino, but to us it was a nice &amp; comfortable walk (and secure I may add). You actually don't do any walking because it is primarily moving walkways.The room was awesome - plenty of space with a great decor. As soon as we saw the room my wife and I did not stop saying &quot;wow&quot; until an hour later. Not busy, not fancy - just perfect with all the amenities. It has a full amenity kitchen which it is nice to have when you need to put together a quick breakfast before you embark in your daily journey - specially if you have children. The bathroom was huge - with a great Jacuzzi that we put to good use. The bed/linens were so great both of us had a hard time waking up and leaving the bedroom. We just wanted to stay in bed and relax. One of the best things I liked was the valet parking. Being able to just come in at any hour through a &quot;gated&quot; entrance and leave the car outside the lobby with a very &quot;friendly&quot; member of the staff was incredible. Moreover, everyday I went to pick up the car, the staff will bring it up from the underground garage within 5 minutes.  We were able to get the 4th night free - so it was a great deal for us. If you want a clean hotel with a superb room, friendly staff, nice pools, and want to feel pampered, this is the way to go. I promise you - you won't be dissapointed. We think we found our new &quot;home&quot; in Vegas. Happy travels	
May 19 2009 	Hold your nose in the lobby...and don't wait for housekeeping.	Our first trip to Vegas we stayed for 6 nights at Tower 3. We didn't mind the walk to the MGM or the strip, but the incense they use in the lobbys-1, 2 and 3-was overpowering and awful. I will admit I had a cold and may have been sensitive, but really if someone doesn't like artificial scent it is nasty. Had to call for maid service, was out all day and had to leave again for 2 hours while they cleaned up, didn't get water refreshed and had spotty internet. The bed was awesome, though, and the tub was lovely. However, we had friends in other hotels with similar rooms and pricing that were closer to the strip, without having to call for Internet, maid service or water on a daily basis. Not having a convenience store was also frustrating-but again I was sick so may not have bothered me another time. Being February, they only had 1 pool open, very far from Tower 3, although advertising &quot;year round pools&quot;.	
