	Off the strip but a nice place	I've been to the Palms on business many times, but this was the first time that I stayed here. I have previously stayed across the street at the Rio or Gold Coast. I guess my travel department got a good rate, so they put me here on this trip.The bed was comfortable, HD tv in the room, bathroom nice. No complaints about the amenities. This hotel is located off the strip, but there is plenty to do, even if you do not want to walk out to the hotels across the street or travel down to the strip. There are several trendy clubs here (including the Playboy club). Clubbing is not my scene, and paying $20 for a Ketel One is outrageous, but hey, you are in Vegas! There is a fantastic view from the clubs, as they are located at the top of the hotel, so that's worth it.The restaurants are all OK... I like the the Mexican one, the cafe has slow service, but the food's OK. The best value here is the buffet. It's smaller than some of the strip hotel buffet's but there's enough of a selection of tasty food to satisfy anyone.There's also a food court and a frozen yogurt stand (similar to Pinkberry in NYC; you serve yourself however much you want, put on whatever toppings you want, and pay per ounce.) There's also a movie theatre in the hotel, so if you have had enough of the tables and shows, you can catch a flick. I think the Palms caters to a younger crowd than some of the other strip hotels I have been to.I haven't stayed here previously because the room rate was higher than comparable hotels, and my travel department would not pay the difference. However, if you can get into the Palms at a good rate, it is definitely worth it. With all the Vegas hotels vying for your business now, there are good buys to be had. The Palms is not worth paying a premium for, as if it was the creme de la creme like Wynn or Bellagio, but at the the right price, it's a great deal.	
Nov 24 2009 	Dirty bedding 	I am so disappointed with our overall visit at The Palms. The room was ok but when waking up our first morning my friend noticed a red stain on her comforter when flipping it over to get up, then after flipping it over more there were a few more red stains, appearing to be blood but hard to say. Should have thought to check mine too but the second morning while fixing my bed up I noticed a big yellow stain resembling urine(?) and after flipping it over all the way, red stains just like the ones that had been on the other bed!! See picture. Both times it took at least 2 hours for housekeeping to bring us clean ones. Totally disgusting. Besides that, every morning we would go to the vending machine to get water to find it was out of water, so we went to 3 other floors not feeling like going down to the lobby in our pj's, only to find they were all out of water every day, only had soda. I did call the front desk, said they'd bring some up, waited few hours, never got any. Complained after we got home, said they'd comp us a night, come to find out it was the cheapest night, 1/2 the cost as the other 2. Called back &amp; treated very rudely! Will never go back. Dirty &amp; horrible customer service.	
Nov 18 2009 	great buffet but off the strip	very good nightclubs, staff was helpful. the only downside is that it's off the strip but it's still a very good hotel to go to.	
Nov 14 2009 	Tacky and mediocre	If you love playing slots, eating pretty average food and staying in soulless rooms you'll love The Palms. The most beautiful thing was the view of the mountains... This hotel sums up Vegas for me; a tacky, cultural black spot for people with absolutely no taste. The night club caters for various slappers and almost identical blokes in bad shirts, shoes and formal trousers - no individuality allowed.	
Nov 10 2009 	Just OK. Off strip. Trendy clubs.	The reason to stay at the Palms is because it has trendy clubs and a pool that when hopping is likely to be full of attractive people that are good to watch. The pool is pretty small. That said, the rooms are small to average and elements of the rooms are poorly designed. The hotel is off the strip, which is a major consideration. I see little reason to stay here unless you plan to spend your time clubbing at the Palms' clubs. If you want to see Vegas stick with one of the places on the center strip. MGM, Bellagio, PH, Wynn, Venetian, Encore, Paris, Palazzo, Caesars, Mirage, TI are all better calls. If you want a great pool, go for Hard Rock, Mandalay, or MGM.I must say, the $69 rate that we got for one of the nights was pretty damn good. One other complaint is that even with the privacy light on, housekeeping came into our room twice. Now, I was there with a friend and we were resting in our own beds. There was certainly nothing happening that couldn't be seen by anyone, but in another situation with another person, this might have been somewhat upsetting. They could do better. The parking is good.	
Nov 5 2009 	Stay on the stip.	First of all this hotel is not on the strip. You'll have to catch a cab which takes $6-$15 to get over to the strip. I checked in at 3 p.m. on Friday. The line at the desk was long. After waiting 30 min. in line I was given a room. When I got up to the room and opened the door the room was a wreck. A housekeeper down the hall came over and said she did not have that room ready yet. I went back down to the desk and had to stand in line again where I was given another room. This time the room was ready. The room was an ajoining room and the neighbors were very loud. So was the noise from the street. We had breakfast downstairs. Waited 45 min. for our food. Saturday evening we went up to the famed Ghost Bar where my friends wallet was stolen. The view from the bar is great , the music and the crowd....not so much. The slots at the Palms are the &quot;tightest&quot; I've ever played. You'd do better down on Freemont. I think next time we will stay on the strip.	
Oct 24 2009 	Overall an average experience	The room was nice, comfortable bed and pillows. Good view. My room had no desk or workspace. The lowflow showerhead was awful. In-room internet was $14.99/day and it was a $5 minimum to use the internet kiosk to print out a boarding pass. I was there for a conference and got a pretty pitiful vegetarian lunch (what everyone else got minus the boiled chicken breast).There's no shuttle to the strip, but there's one at the hotel across the street. There are so many options in Las Vegas that I would not bother to stay at the Palms again.	
Oct 19 2009 	30th Birthday at Palms - Special Memories	We stayed on Wed and Thurs night and the price was very reasonable for a great room in the Fantasy Tower. Once we got there we found out why - no one was there. Well, not no one, but there were not a ton of people at this hotel. The casino was empty. The pool probably had about 100 people there. Besides the point. The room was amazing, the bathroom was huge and very clean. The closet was great. We loved that their was also a mirror in the closet and not just in the bathroom.The stores at the Palms are ridiculously expensive. A cab ride to Venetian was a little ofer $10. Actually a cab ride to Luxor, MGM, and the Venetian were all right around $11-not bad at all. Make sure you ask to take the highway to the Luxor/MGM and the back way to Venetian.The food court had McD's, Pizza, Chinese, some yogurt place, and Coffee Bean. Reasonably priced. You can take coffee or hot tea to the pool but you have to buy everything else at the pool. The pool was amazing. Great service but it was $7.50 for a Coors light, $14 for a mixed drink, and $9 for a Heineken. So you know be prepared.The Gold Coast Casino across the street has a liquor store-if you just want to stalk up with stuff in your room.We didn't go to any clubs at Palms - we ended up on the Strip all three nights. We are so glad we stayed at Palms though. It is worth the experience. Eddie and Robbie at the hotel bar, Tropicana, offered great service and suggestions.	
Oct 18 2009 	Fun experience rooms are average	The Palms is a fun place to stay if you're in your 20s/30s. The crowd is always alive, there's enough to do in the one location so you don't miss not being on the strip. We rented one of the lounge beds at the pool in the afternoon, it was fun to be catered to as well as be in the middle of the action. Biggest knock on the place is that the rooms were pretty dated. We stayed in the original tower, and I would say they look like an average Hilton room. The bath tub was very small, the TV was a 32 in CRT, just kind of old. Palms charges a decent price, so that was a little disappointing.	
Oct 16 2009 	You can stay up all night and not realize it	Great for partying and having a ball with family/friends. A little noisy for the shy, serene types. Expensive? Yes, but I liked my room and the service was beautiful. On demand transportation is expensive, but you don't need to leave this hotel until your ready to go.	
Oct 11 2009 	awesome	very expensive, but also extremely fancy, inside the hotel the pearl theater hosts great concerts. what was funny is we found in our room inside a drawer, an empty bottle of vodka and a condom. rock n roll.	
Oct 8 2009 	Center of the Party	Great access to amazing clubs, beautiful pool, beautiful people, great beds, modern rooms with good comfort. Definitely the place to be and the place to party.	
Oct 8 2009	Never again!	Do not stay in this hotel! The rooms are dirty and the service is horrible. My family and I stayed in the Fantasy Penthouse suite- the Penthouse, la creme de la creme, except is was not even close. When we arrived, one beds in the two queen bed room, had blood on it. BLOOD! Then when we complain, the housekeepers just change the sheets like it was normal. On top of that, the housekeepers then put wet, damp sheets on the bed. When I called down to the Front Desk to complain, the clerk assured me that the housekeepers did no such thing and that I will not be receiving any further compensation. So basically, he was accusing me of pouring water on the bed so that I can receive compensation. First of all, I'm in the Penthouse suite. I am paying thousands of dollars. I am not looking for compensation. Secondly, I am paying this much for a level of quality that I am obviously not receiving. I am paying for quality and instead I got a Motel 6 room with blood and some wet fluid on my sheets. Then, in our contract, we had roundtrip service to the airport. We had provided the hotel with our flight information ahead of time. The limo was there when we arrived. However, when we inquired on the status of our limo for the return, no limo was booked resulting in an hour fight with the concierge. Worst Vegas experience ever! Never Again!	
Sep 28 2009 	nightlife	If you're young and enjoy the party scene, you'll love this hotel for week-ends. Noisy in the casino areas close to the elevators going to the clubs. Excellent rooms, comfortable, nice being off strip. Good selection of slot machines. Forget buffet, not worth the price. It was okay and service is up and down. Has small food court which is open later at night so you can get a snack or meal. Good selection of different types of restaurants. Need housekeeping more frequently in casino slot areas and more cocktail servers which were few and far between most of the time, even in non-busy times of the day. Check carefully your hotel bill as I was charged for someone charging at the pool. They are looking into it. Was great for me because rooms were comped for 2 nights.	
Sep 12 2009 	Just very OK not worth the hype	Off the Strip; stayed in The Palms Tower, which I believe is the older wing. Rooms are just so very average. Basic and well not much else to say beyond that. I know the idea is Vegas wants you to spend time in the casino as opposed to you room; but I have been Vegas hotels that make the room so sterile and bland (e.g. The Venetian and Bellagio). Hotel is popular for the clubs: Playboy Club here as is Moon and Rain and has a good concert venue: The Pearl. Ate at Little Buddha: food good as was service. The Mint Bar is more upscale but well no served food since can't smoke and eat in the same place. Overall I guess people come here for the casinos, restuarants and clubs.. since no reason to stay for the rooms themselves	
Sep 12 2009 	Way to loud to possibly sleep	I guess I probably should have known what I was getting into, but I foolishly decided to accept a free room &amp; slot play offer for a Saturday and Sunday night. There were not one but two very loud parties taking place on my floor. The one right next to us (I'm not making this up) actually had a bouncer at the door. The parties themselves were loud enough, but the drunken 21-year olds exiting the rooms frequently felt the need to make as much noise as possible by screaming or other creative ways. This went on until past 5 AM. It was also a non-smoking floor, but the hallway was smokier than the casino, and they even had two large ash trays outside the elevators - if it's a nonsmoking floor, why are they there??? I really hate to be the wet-blanket, &quot;get off my lawn&quot; type, but I eventually had no choice but to call security (not that it helped).Sunday night was a little bit more peaceful but still too loud to sleep through the night.I have to be fair, I knew going in that it's a party type place. The last time we stayed there (maybe 4 years ago?) it was a little loud, but nothing like this.The room itself was actually pretty nice, and the housekeepers, who must have a tough job at a place like this where I'd imagine rooms get trashed all the time, did a very good job. The employees were all friendly.The buffet was pretty good (other than running out of orange juice at brunch, how do you do that???).The casino is actually one of the best in town for mid-rollers like me. If I go back though it won't be on a weekend.	
Aug 29 2009 	Cautionary tale	I was literally robbed people. Nothing wrong with the rooms or the hotel itself. Last month 2 people were poisoned and robbed one evening. I was one of them. This took place at the Moon/Ghost Bar - who I find out is only a lessee or tenant of the Palms. I was standing at the bar with my Diet Coke only to be left lying in a curb miles away, hours later with my wallet empty. Legend has it, I did not get the Diet Coke I ordered, but something else instead that caused the first blackout I have ever had in my life. Professionals are looking into this matter, so I can't say more just yet, other than confirmed active criminals were on Palms property. I do know for certain, Colas don't cause blackouts. Alcohol never has done that to me either. So be careful folks, these are desperate times. My big city street smarts did me no good that evening. My advice to ALL is to stay on the Casino floor ONLY where you can be seen, and do not go in any clubs in Vegas, as they do not protect you from the very obvious shady characters lurking the floor. Make sure to keep your friends close by. Palms Hotel should have seen what was happening and intervened, but failed to do so. I hope this helps at least ONE person.	
Aug 24 2009 	AMAZING!!!	Had my second stay at the Palms with my fiance and had the best time. We got there and we were hoping for an upgrade which we got, from a king in the old tower to a king in the Fantasy Tower (the difference is night and day!). Our room was fabulous and the staff were super friendly. The beds here are to die for, lovely and soft and the room was so quiet, you didn't hear a whisper! Our GRA wasn't great and let some details slip, but aside from that the staff were excellent, highlights were the pool which I love, N9NE Steakhouse and the 24 hour cafe was great and convenient. I love Moon nightclub but was a little dissappointed with the Playboy club and Ghostbar, skip these and you won't be missing much!I would definately recommend Palms to a friend and would go back there in a heartbeat.	
Aug 20 2009	We LOVED The Palms!!!	Everyone was super at the Palms! The beds were the most comfortable and plush of just about any hotel in Vegas. It was quiet....unbelievably quiet! No wild parties in the halls and no trains sounding loud roars all night long! (ONE hotel has a problem with that, but it's a separate post!) The buffet was cheap and good, although this week we visited it again and not quite as good as March. The prices have gone up considerably, but well worth it I'd say. Anything under $100 a day for the Palms is fabulous because they give extra comps--free drinks, buffets, etc. Try the Palms! I highly recommend it even though the lobby is a little smoky. The beds had cushy mattresses and Euro linens...separate showers and fabulous bathrooms! Those are what I remember most. They never tried to cheat us on anything, and they charged us what they quoted--that's important!	
Aug 19 2009	The Palms- the Ultimate Vegas Experience	I recently completed my fourth stay in Vegas, and choosing to stay at the Palms was the best &quot;Vegas vacation&quot; choice I've made yet. I traveled with a group of 11 people, including my girlfriend. Everyone was in their early to mid 20's. Everyone was very satisfied with the rooms; they were clean, large, and included everything we needed.The hotel did a great job cleaning the room. Room service was excellent, fast, and reasonably priced.We went to the Ditch Fridays pool party on Friday and it was an awesome experience. We got there early enough to get a few chairs near the pool, and we hung out all day. The drinks were great and the atmosphere was even better. Occasionally at certain pool parties in Vegas, their is a &quot;trashy&quot; vibe... well Ditch Fridays didn't have that. It was laid back, classy fun... which is what we were looking for in a vacation.The restaurants in the Palms are great. The food court, with Sbarro, Nathans, etc. was a nice option. The 24/7 cafe is pretty damn good... lots of options, reasonably priced, and the food was good. We decided to do a &quot;nice&quot; dinner on our last night, so we chose Alize at the Palms. It is on the top level and gives patrons a spectacular bird's eye view of Vegas. We chose the $45 price fix option... the food was pretty good... not the greatest steak I ever had, but it was solid. The only issue I had was that, as I enjoyed my chocolate souffle dessert, I found what appeared to be a hair or a something in my plate. When I informed the waiter, he took the plate and literally examined it with a flashlight. I got the vibe that they didn't believe I actually found it in my food. Anyway, it took him 3 trips to our table to actually APOLOGIZE to me. He claimed it was a bristle from the chef's brush... They did not take any $ off the bill or anything. It was very disappointing and unprofessional. I would not dine there again. They are very stuck up and they do not make you feel welcome. I dine in some of the fanciest restaurants in New York City all the time, and I have never received such disrespectful service before.Alize was the only negative aspect about the Palms. I enjoyed the gambling options. They had many $10 roulette &amp; blackjack tables, which is what I look for on vacation. I am not looking to gamble thousands of dollars... I gamble for fun... Palms caters to both the high rollers, and the casual gamblers.As for the nightlife, it is TOP NOTCH. We went out to the clubs in the Palms 2 separate nights. I had been there on previous trips, and once again I was not disappointed. Ghostbar &amp; Moon are great options. We did not make it to Rain this time, but it is also a good club. The drinks are priced consistent with other clubs in Vegas.... the music is good, the clubs were packed, and there was a great energy about them. In my opinion, nothing beats hanging out in the outdoor section of Ghostbar, enjoying some drinks with some good company. You really FEEL the Vegas experience at the Palms.All in all, it was a great trip and I would definitely stay at the Palms again. Can't wait until my next Vegas trip!	
Aug 7 2009 	Dance-hall but not a hotel	We stayed 3 nights in the Palms hotel. On the negative side:1) Welcome: non-existent. No info whatsoever about the hotel, just the key-cards were handed to us. 2) Rooms: way to expensive if you look at lack of any luxury. Old fashioned TV, nothing available for making coffee or tea, large bathroom with almost nothing in it. The way the rooms are decorated give the impression that management decided to put so little in it that almost nothing can be broken.3) The hotel: now it's getting nasty: the Palm isn't a hotel, it's a dance hall. Parties all over the place. Nice for my teenage kids you might think but the stupid US law forbids them to participate in this parties, you have to be 21 ! So on Friday they were sent out of the pool at 10 o'clock in the morning (!!!!) because of a pool-party that lasted all day by a bunch of 'security gorilla's'. Later that day they were even harassed by another bunch of gorilla's when they tried to reach the lift to go upstairs: 'People younger than 21 aren't allowed here'. And they were hotelguests !!! I myself experienced difficulities reaching my room because of the long cues on the ground floor of people waiting to visit the clubs. Loud dancemusic all day long. We were staying at the 25th floor. During daytime dance-music coming out of the pool area. In the evening loud dancebeats coming out of the different clubs, lasting all day till 4 o'clock in the morning. Loud conversations of people returning to their rooms after the parties kept us awake until six in the morning. 4) 'Acces fee': had to pay a dollar a day 'access fee' . Had to do something with internet. Stupid. Visited almost 15 hotels in the US, never have seen this. I think it's simply a rip-off (like the water at the pool, $8 dollar a bottle).5) Pools are great when you as a hotel guest are allowed to make use of it. Close early (5 p.m) or are closed all day for private parties. No information given about the closing times, you are simply send away by yet another gorilla. 6) Room cleaning: planning of room cleaning is not very efficient. First day of stay room cleaning arrived at 6.30 in the evening, before dinner. Bathroom in use, all people present in room, so housecleaning had to leave, As a result no cleaning done. 7) The number of gorilla's with earpieces is quite threatening in the Palms. They have nothing to do but look angry and stand in the way. They give you the feeling you're not welcome. 8) Attitude: the Palms is an arrogant place. Employees are arrogant and Palms stresses every time that it's hotel is exclusive. But if you scratch the thin layer of gold it's simply morter and bricks that appear. You will not become classy or exclusive by mentioning it ten times a day. You have to earn it. And you will never achieve it by behaving arrogant. Palms is miles away from the exclusivity of f.i a lot of European or Asian hotels, simply because those hotels really know what service is. And Palms doesn't have a clue.On the positive side ? Not everything is bad, some things are average. So finally you learn to live with it. Management of Palms should make a choice. At this very moment it seems to be that they want to make money by pampering the party-people and offend the hotel guests. So for me and my family this was our last stay at the Palms.Worst hotel I've been in during our 3 weeks stay in the US.	
Aug 5 2009 	1st time in Vages	amazing hotel! hot girls! clubs amazing! rooms amazing apart from finding a comdom beind the wardorbe next to teh bin. i huess the throw didn't make the bin! but non the less amazing place to stay. its linda off the strip where everything happends so you need to take a taxi everytime you leave the hotel. thats about $8.00+ a ride depending on traffic. i would say try get a place on the strip like MGM or wynn as you walk out into everything but the price would be much more. to get to the greyhoud from teh plams is about $20.00 but becarefull as they are money suckers and once they hear your acsent they take you for a ride as they think you have won stacks in you luggage.!i paid $99 a night for 2 doulbe beds which was a bargin so i cant complain what soever. just the location was a bit out of teh central strip. (strip i mean where everything happends!!)	
Aug 1 2009 	Great Place for My Bachelor Party	I stayed at the Palms for my bachelor party get away with 10 of my friends, we had a great time! In fact another friend of mine had his there as well two years later. The Ghost Bar was an unforgettable experience. Wish I could give more details but what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.	
Jul 26 2009 	Not the cleanest place to stay!	We stayed here for 2 nights while exploring Las Vegas. We arrived at 1:30 in the morning so when we got our room, we didn't look around, we just went to sleep. The next morning, we noticed that the room wasn't that clean. It was very dusty and there was a big smear of what looked like barbeque sauce(I hope) on the wall by the tv. The room rate was reasonable and we didn't spend that much time in the room, so we dealt with the cleanliness issue, but we will not stay there the next time we go to Vegas.	
Jul 24 2009 	Awesome 10 days I'm definately going back.	I can't say how good this hotel is. If you want a good place to stay in Vegas, this is it. Decent rooms in the fantasy tower with good service by staff. If you are a party animal again, look no further. 4 excellent bars/clubs each with it's own unique experience, open 'till late and if you are staying at the hotel - free entry/queue jump tickets etc. Great pool party's every Friday during the summer and there is totty galore. The spa is great too, excellent facilities including outdoor pool, sauna, plunge pool, massage etc and even a superb restaurant for lunch if you fancy it.The only downside - if you are not at the pool before luchtime forget about having a sun lounger there won't be any left. I stayed here for 10 days with 5 other friends and I never tired of the place.	
Jul 22 2009 	Low quality hotel rude staff bad location	I stayed 6 days in Palms with my husband as he had a business trip. There are very few good things I can say about this hotel.First problem came during check-in, we asked for non-smoking room but once we got to our room we discovered it is for smokers (everything including the pillows smelled really bad). We went downstairs to complain and change the room but were told that actually hotel is fully booked and there are no non-smoking rooms left. So we had no choice to go back to smelly room and survive the night. Unfortunately during the next 2 days we were told the same story.. no non-smoking rooms available. Rooms are quite big but really outdated. We had also a chance to visit Playboy suite in Palms - I must say for the price you have to pay it is not worth it. The suite looks like the 80's, quite worn.Location - well, it is off the strip, so you need a cab anywhere you want to go. There is nothing around the hotel.Food - we tried room service for breakfast. the yoghurt parfait was very good but I do not recommend their pancakes. Although they are big, they taste like something artificial, I could not finish even one of them. But we tried japanese restaurant located downstairs and the food was quite good.One more staff-related problem - during the check-out we asked if we can leave the postcards at the desk and buy the stamps for them. The man at the front desk said that there is no problem but they have some problem with cashier, so if we want we have to leave him some 10 dollars in cash and he will take care of it later. He probably cheated on us!!! The postcards never came..I do not recommend this hotel. If you can choose stay in any other hotel located in the Strip.	
Jul 20 2009 	Super!	We were surprised by comfortable rooms, very nice interior. We got our room for 50$ a night and that was a very good deal. The room was superb :)We also got 10$ each for playing slots machines. Althought the hotel is not in the main strip, but there is a bus, that takes in few minutes to the strip, the bus stop is just outside the hotel.I would really recommend this hotel!	
Jul 19 2009 	The Fantasy Tower is much better	I wrote a review a few months ago after staying at The Palms and wasn't that impressed, I felt like it could be any Holiday Inn or Courtyard Marriott. I stayed there again last week when the nightly rate was too good to pass up. This time they put me in the Fantasy Tower (in The Palms hotel, not Palms Place), it was a whole different experience. Large rooms with a great view, plasma TV's, jacuzzi tub in the bathroom, etc . . . After this experience I would stay at The Palms again but would request The Fantasy Tower. The food at the cafe was good although service is really slow and not friendly. The gym and spa are great and the staff is friendly.	
Jul 17 2009 	A great place for young lads/girls	Our rooms at the Palms were provided free by PokerStars as we were playing the WSOP. The rooms themselves were apparantly around $200 a night, and for that we got 2 comfy queen beds, a reasonable double wardrobe, TV with limited channels &amp; a nice en suite bathroom.The reception staff are friendly and approachable and sorted out our check in queries without any fuss or miscommunication.As for the casino itself, its fairly small compared to others on the strip, but it doesn't matter because if your staying at the Palms, the better things there are Rain night club, the pool &amp; spa...all quality places to go, and if you are there to gamble, you can get a cab across the street onto the strip and play at the Bellagio or MGM, which have bigger casino floors and cardrooms.Rain itself is awesome, and is one of the attractions of the hotel, so I wouldn't recomend this hotel to any families, couples or travellers over 35 as the hotel is mostly full of 21-30 year old guys and the gold digger girlfriends!But as far as a hotel goes, it was nice, clean, friendly and fun!	
Jul 1 2009 	Great place!!!	Took my wife for her birthday, I have been to Vegas about 5 times in the last 8 years, The Palms is the place to be if your still young or young at heart. Great bars, Crazy pool party on Friday, and top notch service. Would go back in a heartbeat. Not a place for kids, Hope this helps.	
Jun 25 2009 	Robbed by Staff and Left Hanging by Management	I stayed at The Palms over the weekend with my boyfriend and he stayed an additional few days more for business. We were very excited and looking forward to a funfilled experience. The room itself is nothing to write home about and is a little outdated but it is a good size and the bathroom is fairly large. I arrived at 11:30am on Friday and was able to check in early which is the only positive of this whole experience.Saturday night we came back from the pool with our sunglasses on our faces since our hands were full. I then put my sunglasses on the ironing board which we had been using as a shelf for our smaller items. The next morning we went down to brunch and had to unexpectedly run out to FedEx Kinkos so I didn't have time to go back upstairs to get my sunglasses. Upon returning we got ready to go to the pool and realized they were missing and of course the room had been cleaned. So we were robbed by the cleaning staff. We searched through all our belongings to make sure before calling security. These were expensive sunglasses so this was particularly upsetting. When security arrived he interogated us like we were the thieves and outright told us that 99% percent of tourists find their items before leaving basically not taking us seriously. I filled out an incident report and was told I would hear something about their investigation efforts within 24 hours. When we didn't hear anything my boyfriend went downstairs and noone at the hotel knew of our incident nor could they located the incident report form I filled out. For 2 days he tried to figure out what happened and noone knew anything nor was responsive. We were basically ignored. To make matters worse for the next 2 days the cleaning staff would not clean our room (I am assuming because they heard of the theft and our reporting of it). To top it all off my boyfriend went to a business dinner and I was in a towel since I had gotten back from the pool and I heard the key in the door and someone walk in. I assumed it was him but it was the cleaning staff (maybe returning to the scene of the crime!?) and they questioned me as to why I had not checked out of the hotel...our checkout day was not for several more days. The most annoying part is that she did not even knock..just walked right in. The hotel is fine if you want a springbreak / lowclass experience but otherwise I would not recomend this hotel to anyone unless that is what you are looking for and if you also don't mind being treated like an annoyance if something godforbid happens to you at the hotel like me.	
Jun 23 2009 	Avoid Casino and food here!	&quot;Deceptive gaming practices at slot club! &quot; I finally made it to the Palms to check out the Maloof brothers venture..was not overly impressed with the casino area,expected more of a Strip like quality.I went to the slot club to get a players card and was told that it was &quot;Five times points&quot; day..Wahooo1 The lady that signed me up said you need 1500 points to get $25 free play. And that the slot points were adjusted already in the machines to reflect the 5 times value. Return on the machines did seem somewhat better than what I encountered on the Strip as I was staying at the Mirage.Took a while to get 1200 points so I put in another $60 figuring I would achieve the 1500 points required to get the $25 free slot play the slot club employee told me about. So after dropping about $180 I finally went to get my $25 I THOUGHT I earned..waited in a line for 25 minutes,got to the counter and said to the gentleman at the counter,I finally got the 1500 points required and at least I got the $25 slot play. He put my card in some machine and said to me..I have some bad news for you..you only have 354 points! The five times value points are worth next to NOTHING!!! I told him this was very deceiving and not what I was told when I joined the slot club and the slot machines all showed I now had 1780 points!,He then told me..&quot;The good news is..You have enough points to get a cap! As for the balance of my points I got a cheque {Which incidentally expires in 24 hours} for sixty eight cents!! What a Con!!..I had friends coming over to join me from The Wynn later that day, as we were looking forward to going to the Ghost bar,and I called their room and told them of my Palms experience and we went to Lavo on the strip instead. Always wanted to check out the Palms as I had heard good things about it a few years back. Beyond disappointing! Sent this review to The Palms hotel..no reply..no class.JFZ	
Jun 11 2009 	The Palms only wants you to play if you lose	Palms is nasty when you beat them. I won at blackjack and they wanted to trespass me. I was told that they did not like my skill level at blackjack and only wanted tourists who give away money. Very dirty group of people.	
Jun 8 2009 	For Twenty Somethings	Got a great deal off a website to stay here before Thanksgiving for $50 a night, which was worth what I got. Rooms are good, clean, with a large bathroom, and view of neighboring tower and of the strip. Casino area is fairly lame, and houses a cineplex and some food courts so it had a very mall-ish feel to it. Mostly very young clientele (which they are targeting with tattoo parlor on premises) so I think really 19-21 yr old college kids would like this as a first time Vegas experience, not really for anyone else. It's too far to walk to the strip or old vegas so you have to cab it. And past midnight there seemed to be lots of single ladies playing the slots, directly in the path to the room elevators. Take that to mean what you will, just an observation. Overall good value, but more a first time Vegas place for kids on a roadtrip (with a vehicle).	
Jun 8 2009 	If I was rich or a Celeb...	Nice hotel. The room was comfy and clean, nothing to complain about there.Didn't have room service, was not in room long enough.My only bad thing is that some of the staff was a lil snooty. The Palms is a great place for people with money, or for the celebs, but the average person may find it as &quot;over hyped&quot;. With its famous clubs, and Hart and Huntington tattoo spot, its more of a famous name then a place for the average person to stay.Location sucks because its not on the strip, however they do offer shuttles. There is no mall or shoppping in the hotel only a small to medium size casino, tattoo shop, and the clubs. I would not peg this as a family spot, but more of a &quot;to be seen&quot; spot or just sttictly for good times.Over all its cool, its not that I didnt like it, but If i were a celeb or had more money to dish out on the the really cool rooms, I would have enjoyed it more. They love the VIP's. Next time I would stay on the strip.	
May 26 2009 	Very impressed!!!!!! Thank you SECURITY!!!!	Stayed at the Palms May 11 to the 15th. We booked it through Travelocity months prior and called The Palms to confirm our reservation. Immediately the woman at the desk informed us our room was upgraded to the Fantasy Tower &quot;no charge&quot;. Upon arrival the staff was excellent and very friendly. She informed us of the free passes to all the clubs (Ghostbar, Moon and the Playboy Club). With us not sure where we were going, the staff escorted us to the elevator up to our room. The room was very clean, huge bed, and new flat screen TV's. After settling in, we headed down to the casino for some drinks. The bartenders were very friendly and outgoing. The following day we headed to the pool. My first impression was not good as Security searched us, bags and pockets not alowing any food, drinks or towels. Understandingly because they want you to spend money at the bar. After a few ours of sitting by the pool, we ended up sitting at the bar meeting some seemingly nice &quot;folks&quot; from KY. As we ordered a couple more drinks from the bar, a few guys (from KY) distracted us while my friend handed the bartender her credit card. Next thing you know, her credit card and drivers lisence was GONE! we immediatly asked the bartender if he had it. his reply was &quot;no I just put them in front of you&quot;. After searching around we noticed one of the &quot;gentlemen&quot; from KY was gone. The bartender promptly informed Security and within minutes the CCTV tapes were reviewed and sure enough one of these fine &quot;good ole boys&quot; swiped it! It did'nt take long before myself the bartender and Security found him in the casino. Everything was returned :) THANK YOU GUYS!!!!	
May 23 2009 	Great Place but Too Much Cig Smell in the Air"	I stayed at the Palms from Tuesday through Friday. The service was outstanding, very friendly people everywhere you go.I booked the room through my airline and got a bargain basement rate of $59.00 per night. For some reason, when I checked in, my room was upgraded. The room had a king sized bed and was huge. Everything was super clean. During the day, as soon as you walk into the front foyer of the casino, the smoke smell hits you. It’s terrible. Strange, though, the air in the evening is much easier to tolerate. Maybe they don’t run the same type of ventilation during the day. For that reason, I won’t stay there again. Casino air quality has improved in the last few years, so I’ll go to those places. As soon as Friday came around, the medium age of the clientle changed. Crazy party hardy 20 somethings infested the casino. For me, it’s not fun to see a bunch of drunk college kids on the prowl like Spring break. Been there. Done that.The spa is absolutely, totally amazing. Lori (from Hawaii) did my facial (enzyme something) and my skin is wonderful. Worth the time and money. Allow extra time to take advantage of everything the spa has to offer during your service (steam room, hot tub, etc…)It's really OK being away from the strip if you have a car or don't mind the cab fare. While you're there, you can get a tatoo. Great tasting salsa and drinks at the Mexican restaurant in the lobby area. Nice food court, too, if you're hungry and need a quick something.	
May 20 2009 	Not bad at all but not great either.	I've stayed at 18 hotels in Vegas, and this hotel is average. It's a good walk to the strip.With the only Playboy Club still in existence, and with Playboy Bunny pictures on every column in the casino, you would think that this hotel would be sexier than most, but it's not. The cocktail waitress outfits are not revealing like at the Rio.The pool has a contemporary (snobbish) design, and is not all that attractive. Same with the interior design of the buffet.The buffet is a great deal, however, unlike most hotels on the strip.The room was nothing special, although I liked the bathroom.The spa is fantastic, and I got free passes while I was there, which is very rare for strip hotels.The Playboy Club is just a place to sit around and drink, with $25/hand blackjack-dealer bunnies. I got a free pass with my stay here.I enjoyed my stay here, and periodically go back for the buffet, and with the TV show &quot;The Real World&quot; filmed here, and the Playboy Club here, you expect more, but the Hard Rock Hotel and Planet Hollywood are more cutting edge for the young folk. But you can't go wrong staying here.	
May 13 2009 	Awesome Experience	I booked a two bedroom suite for myself and 3 friends at Palms Place for an extended weekend trip. Excellent service from every staff member! The second the limo pulled up, a hotel employee was already waiting to open the door and let us out. The front desk staff were awesome, they seemed to really be enthusiastic about treating guests with a smile. The bell hop was awesome too, he told us everything that was going on for the weekend. I'm really surprised with some of the people's reviews here. Everything about this hotel was top notch. The best thing about this hotel - there is ALWAYS something going on. It has the Ghostbar (very chill), the Rain and Moon nightclubs, and the world's only Playboy Club. All of these places were great. If you can afford bottle service, definitely get it! Your table will be it's own party. The only downside is that the Palms is not located on the Strip. It wasn't a downside for me though. I loved the Palms, you could stay there, never visit the Strip and still have an amazing time. I am definitely going back!	
May 12 2009 	Not worth the hype	We had gotten to Vegas early Saturday morning (before check in time) so we decided to head to the pool until our rooms were ready. Mind you we are super amped to be in Vegas and staying @ the Palms we were just ready to have a good time. We make our way to the pool and are looking for 5 chairs so we can all sit together. We ask the nice lifeguard if all of these chairs were reserved and he said the ones that didn't say reserved were open. We asked if he would be able to get us 5 chairs for us he said no, he could get us 4 BUT we could rent a cabana or VIP section-hmm ok well how much does that cost? $500.00. Um ok, well no thanks, we will take the 4 chairs. We made due with what we had but that put a bad taste in our mouth. After that we spend a good 4 hours at the pool and had a good time. Room. My husband and I had a non smoking room with a king size bed. We had a view of the pool which was nice but we could hear the music and conversations that were coming from the pool (we were on the 11th floor!) We could also hear the music from the clubs. On the surface the room was ok, it was alot 'older' looking than I was expecting but the bed was comfy. The room was not as clean as I would like, there were pieces of glass and hair clips on the floor which was a little concerning. The bathroom was nice on the surface but the shower was awful (flooded the floor when I turned it on) and no fan to air out the bathroom after you shower. The casino was nice and gave off a young fun vibe, but very smoky. All in all we were just let down by this place. I would not stay at this hotel again unless it was a VIP suit and given to us for free. Ghostbar was cool, but not worth paying to get in (thank goodness we were able to line jump and get in for free). I think they need to put some love back into these rooms especially since they are off the strip, you want to keep people happy to stay somewhere off the strip. I am curious to know how the other tower rooms looked.	
May 12 2009 	What a joke. Room received was NOT what was represented to us!	We booked 3 months in advance a 2 bedroom suite in the Palms. The hotel sent us a web link so we could view the room. The room we booked was hip, modern and very stylish and included a bar. Even at 600.00 a night we were very excited. Once arriving in the room we were shocked. The stylish room we thought we booked was actually decorated with moss green 1990's furniture. After seeking out the manager we were told they gave our room in the new tower away and the hotel was booked. The room given to us was just in the old and just plain old. All they could do was upgrade us to a room that would cost an additional 500.00! Needless to say we declined that option. Off to the pool we head for &quot;Ditch Friday's&quot; pool party. If you are 20 and looking to hook up with the drunkest person you can find, this place is for you. The pool is DISGUSTING and the people entertaining. Basically spring break. It was at least trashy fun people watching . Later that evening we start to ready ourselves only to hop into a freezing cold shower. Again I ring the manager. He sends up his engineering dept who argues with me for 20 minutes nothing is wrong with the water temp. Finally after I insist they measure the temp against one of the other showers in the suite, they agree there is an 18 degree temp difference. They fix the issue leaving me with a tub filled with black dirty boot prints. Housekeeping arrives while we are away. I am happy to report the boot prints are gone but the cleaning was pathetic in all other regards. No one bothered to vacuum as there was still hair all over the bathroom floor. This &quot;suite&quot; had no plasmas, no iPod hook ups, and very little furniture. The lighting was nonexistent leaving the room very dark. The only positive point was the bed. It was VERY comfy and was made with nice sheets and pillows. Overall this was the worst hotel stay I have has in Vegas. The casino is small, dark and dull. The staff is not particularly friendly. The hotel does have a good bar (ghost bar) and club (rain) but I found the Bunny lounge and Moon to be a joke. We had a good snack at Little Buddha but the rest of the food selection is subpar. I could not recommend this casino to anyone. Your money is better spent at Caesars or MGM.	
May 10 2009 	Lucky from the start!	This was my first stay at the Palms and was lucky from the start.We had a great deal ($109 with $30 food credit, $30 spa credit, $25 gaming credit and free VIP entry to the clubs).On check in not only did we find we'd been goiven a $50 food credit, we had been upgraded to a Grand Suite! We had a living room, seperate bedroom, cloakroom, and a jacuzzi bath in the bathroom.Decor was ok, not the hippest but fine. Also the TV's are 'old' style - but for a free upgrade I wasn't complaining!Housekeeping could be better - the room was clean, but the fridge hadn't been cleaned out after the previous guests.Used the spa, which was very nice, had a good massage and facial (package was $145 once the credit was applied). Didn't have time to use the pool but it looked nice.Played the slots a little, and had my first win - only $20, but better than losing!Ate at Little Buddha, good as usual, and the buffet for breakfast. Buffet is small, but ok for breakfast.Overall it was very very quiet (Playboy club, Ghostbar and the casino all quiet), it was midweek but even so was very very quiet. I assume that's why we got the upgrade.	
May 8 2009 	The Palms - Average	I would consider the Palms amongst the “middle of the road” casinos in Las Vegas as a general visitor (Las Vegas has lots of these-decent accommodations, okay casino, and some bad &amp; good dining options). I would definitely give it slightly higher marks if I fell into that “young party at the club crowd”. The palms has 2 great things going for it: A great nightlife/party scene (2 nightclubs &amp; 2 Nightlife style lounges – most properties only have 1 of each) and some really awesome suites (only if your willing to drop $2,000+ a night). Other then those 2 factors-It is an average hotel for the average visitor.The regular rooms: spacious and have comfortable beds-Nothing that really wow’s you though.The casino: Somewhat older &amp; outdated – carpeting looks faded and machines as wellDining options: Food Court-Blah, Buffet-AWFUL, Gradunos-pretty good Mexican fare, and the high end restaurants I haven’t had a chance to eat in because they are $$$ - although I hear N9Ne &amp; Nove are amazing. Staff: Fairly FriendlyI would only stay in this casino hotel again if I was given a heavily discounted/free room again.	
May 8 2009 	Good and Bad	The trip started off a little shaky. Upon check-in the front desk staff were not very welcoming or happy. I was checked into a dirty room in the Palms tower and after a couple of calls to the front desk and housekeeping who told me there were no other rooms available (yeah right), the general manager gave me a call and upgraded us to a room in the Fantasy Tower. Naturally, the right thing to do.The new room was very nice and very clean. More updated and larger than the Palms Tower. Loved the pool area, the bartenders were extremely friendly and hospitable. It gets jammed packed early so be sure to have the life guards and hosts help you with chairs. People should not be allowed to save chairs, sorry. I'd throw their towels to the side. Don't depend on the waitresses for drinks. It's much easier to go to the bar yourself. Music was fun and energetic, but they had the owner of the new tattoo parlor spinning music on Saturday and he was awful. Made it to Rain, Moon and the Playboy Club. All very nice and had a good time. One regret not checking out Ghost Bar.The hotel is off the strip, but we honestly did not feel the need to leave. The food in the Cafe was decently priced and great for late night munching. The mexican restaurant for brunch was okay, but you can't beat the $14.95 price with all you can drink margheritas.One main complaint would be that upon check-in I was told I had a $50 food credit to use at the hotel. I'm not sure where the miscommunication happened, but I assumed this included the pool area. Of course I didn't have a voucher outlining the rules of my food credit. Upon check-out I was told I didn't use my food credit and I had to pay for the food purchased in the pool area. Apparently it is managed and owned by a different company? So buyer beware. I contacted the general manager a couple times, but he neglected to respond to my concern. Clearly not giving a [--]. So Thanks for your professional hospitality customer service Scott! You were helpful with the room, but clearly falter else where. Any sort of response would have be fine.Despite that set back, I had a pleasurable stay. I'll be staying somewhere else next time. There are so many more hotels and places to see. Viva Las Vegas!	
Apr 11 2009 	Too far from the strip...	We stayed from 4/7-4/10. Following tips from other reviews on this site, I asked for a room upgrade at check-in, and was told I could upgrade to the fantasy tower for an additional $25/night. Since I got such a good rate originally on Orbitz, I agreed to pay the difference. It was worth it, even with the $25 upgrade, the total room cost was $84/night. The fantasy tower room was modern in design and comfortable. I was let down by the bed...other guests have said this hotel has the best beds in Vegas...well I thought the bedding was great, but the bed itself was just average. My only gripe with the casino itself was the lack of $5 minimum bet tables during the day when they were really not that busy. I also thought the selection of slot machines was meager compared to other Vegas casino's. The upside was that drink service while gambling at the tables was good. As far as dining at the hotel, N9NE steakhouse was expensive but a good steak. The menu is a la carte. Tip here is that the sides are enough for 2 and served on a separate dish which makes sharing easier. Just a way to save a few bucks while saving room for dessert. Dessert was probaly the best part of the meal. We also dined at the 24/7 cafe. Great food at great prices. We ate here twice. We also tried the Bistro Buffet for dinner our first night. This is only a bit better than the Golden Corrall on seafood night. There was a wide selection, but the food did not appear fresh and tasted adequate at best, and they had minimal staffing in the restaurant on our night, so you always had to wait for someone at the carving and dessert stations. Overall, we were very dissapointed by the Buffet. We did not try any of the clubs which is what the casino is known for. We instead opted for table gambling in the evening or taking a cab to the strip to experience other hotels. All in all, the hotel was well worth the $84/night I spent. I would not pay much more than that for a room here. The largest drawback to this hotel is the proximity to the strip. If this is your first time in Vegas, do not stay at this hotel. Pay a little extra and stay on the strip. Being within walking distance of everything is well worth it. If all you are looking for is nightlife and pool, then this hotel will probaly be a good bet for you. However if you want the convenience of shopping, dining, Vegas shows, and better gambling along with pool and nightlife, then staying at a hotel on the Strip will be a better option. So where I did save on the room, the money I spent in cab fare each day and the hassle of using cabs was not worth it. The staff overall was helpful and good looking. We did not use the concierge. Also note that Rain nightclub is only open on weekends. This was the only one we were interested in going to, however we stayed during the week so we missed this opportunity. The casino is also smokey, so if that bothers you, stay at one of the larger and more expensive hotels that have higher casino ceilings and better ventilation.	
Apr 10 2009 	Um I think not.	I got a great deal on my stay, particularly because they upgraded me to a suite. The suite was nice, but not really impressive in any particular way. They closed down the pool early (although most hotels in Vegas do).On a positive note, the hotel staff were generally extremely helpful and friendly, with one exception. It was impossible to find waitstaff in the casino. I'm not sure how much you have to gamble to get a drink, but I never made it to that limit. The one waitress I found and tried ordering from, rudely told me &quot;I'm not accepting orders at this time.&quot; I never did get a drink!I also wouldn't recommend the breakfast buffet. It wasn't expensive, but it also really wasn't very good.	
Apr 8 2009 	Exceeded Expectations	I have to admit, I was worried after reading previous reviews. However, I have to keep in mind that most people write reviews because they are upset about their experiences. Content travelers write less often. With that said, I was a satisfied customer. It was my 21st birthday weekend and the front desk clerk did the best he could do to give me the best experience possible. He gave us the highest floor suite that was a nonsmoking room with a view of north strip and vip passes for both the men and women in my group for Rain that evening. The view was beautiful at the top of ghostbar and Moon. Little did we know that when we entered Rain that evening, they would be giving us all access passes worth $40-60 for free. These were vip admissions for all the nightspots in the Palms.The room itself was in the first tower. Sure, it hasn't been renovated with flat screens yet, but it is a very roomy and comfortable room with an ipod hookup. the beds are super comfortable too! we ate at the 24/7 cafe, gardunos, and little buddha. I personally thought that it wasn't too expensive, and they served you with a lot of food for the what they charged. The service overall was wonderful as well. I couldn't give them a perfect score because there were those few bad apples, but they didn't ruin my trip.	
Apr 6 2009 	Palms.....not all it's cracked up to be	My experience at the Palms ruined by trip. It is understandable that the &quot;little guy&quot; will not see the type of customer service the high rollers get in Vegas, but the Palms made sure to reinforce that with me. This horrible service was from just about every Palms employee that I ran into. Nobody seemed to want to address the problems with this resort. I would not be surprised if the Palms picture was next to pass the buck in the dictionary. I got used to &quot;sorry I can't help you, let me transfer you to someone you can&quot;. To top it all off, my wife left her cell phone charger in our room. We called and were informed that sending it to us would be no problem. We selected the cheapest option given to us ($5 to ship parcel post). Upon reviewing my credit card statement, the Palms charged me $43.33 to send me a $20.00 cell phone charger. After one of the worst customer service nightmares on the telephone (security, lost and found, business office...I think I also talked to a pit boss!) I finally got someone to tell me that $43.33 is the minimum charge it costs to send something. When questioned on how ridiculous that was, I got nothing but &quot;I agree, but that is our minimum charge&quot;. When pressed what they would be willing to do to make this up to a guy like me, unfortunately, there was nothing. Not even a line pass, a comp admission to a club, or even a $5.00 slot credit!Anyone with the least bit of customer service sense, would have called and ask if we really (after having been quoted $5.00 initially) would want them to charge me $43.33 to send a $20.00 item. Nice to see the Palms can even stick it to me when my trip to Vegas is over and I'm 3000 miles away.	
Apr 1 2009 	Extremely disappointed with this hotel	I have to say, when my boyfriend and I visited the Palms this past weekend for my birthday, we were less than impressed. The hotel room was simply adequate. While our view was excellent, the room itself was surprisingly disappointing. We were both surprised at the lack of a flat screen tv, when the Gold Coast across the street, a much less expensive hotel, advertised their rooms, showing new flat screen televisions. I also must say that we were very disappointed with the treatment of the hotel guests on the night of a hip hop concert at the hotel. When we arrived at the hotel after a night on the strip, we were greeted by very rude hotel staff who told us that the valet was full and we needed to find parking elsewhere. After driving around for about 10 minutes with no luck finding any parking, we returned to the valet where we demanded, as hotel guests, to be let into the valet area. We were ultimately let through, but it was very distressing to feel that the hotel cared more about the concert goers and the artist's entourage finding valet parking, then the hotel guests themselves. Once we entered the hotel, we were met by more members of the staff who were less than helpful. We had to push our way through bouncers, concert-goers and club hoppers to get to the elevator bank where we returned to our hotel room. When we got there, we realized we had no choice but to remain in the room the rest of the night. If we were to leave, we would have to fight more crowds downstairs, with no help from hotel staff, and we had no idea when or if we'd be able to get our car from the valet.All in all, our stay at the Palms was not a pleasant one, and I do not believe we will be returning to this hotel.	
Mar 23 2009 	The Happening Scene in Vegas	Palms never dissapoints. Always a happening place....	
Mar 10 2009 	Book on Halloween Night - Excellent people watching	We somehow managed to stay at the Palms on halloween night in 08. What a wild place. The casino was fairly empty because there were so many 23-29 year olds dressing up to get into Rain, which is one of the premeir night clubs there. Dressed up in costumes from Frankenstein to basically see thru lingerie. Some women might as well wore nothing . The costumes were the best part of the night. They were lined up all the way around the entire casino to get into this club which apparently was at capacity. The rooms here were pretty average, but clean and comfortable, though priced higher than most other places. Maybe it was just the occasion of halloween, not sure. So if you want to do some people watching at stay at a nicer place than most on the strip, stay here on halloween, pretty cool.	
Feb 26 2009 	The Best Customer Service Experience In mY Trips to Vegas	They have the cust serv down pat.. I am in that industry and I have to say, they snapped to and stepped up to the plate.. Everyone I encountered went the extra mile and were good to me.. I did have a few things happen, however if one travels some, these were nothing.. the AC in the room did not work well.. I called them and they were up and fixed it within the hour.. My safe was permenantly lock and this great looking security guy came up and unlocked it for me right away since i had my inhaler in it..I accidently broke a glass on the carpet..A call to housekeeping has someone come while I was out.. I did not have to call again about these incidents. Made a mistake on my bill, fixed it right away...Ok on to the tangible stuff..Room was in the Palms tower, was clean, bed very comfy with a view of the mountains as I requested. I got A GREAT deal on Expedia.. the threw in a food credit. Smaller hotel with movie theatres which i saw a movie. Wonderful toiletries tho the towels had a rough part to them.. Not sure what was up with that.. Has a stocked fridge which I kept locked. FYI.. Walk over to the Gold Coast and take a shuttle to the strip or the Orleans-We saw Dana Carvey. He as a hoot!!. I lost some at the slots but won $ at blackjack so I was happy. Up $50 on my trip who hooo.. I am a 51 year old woman and I thought the hotel might be too young for me, but I saw older people, couples and some kids as i went Sun-Wed.. I had some coupons for the spa and had a wonderful 1/2 spa day.. lovely Did not feel at all uncomfortable..Good food but expensive and WHOOO.. ROOM SERVICE is VERY expensive, but the food was good..all the fees get you.. There is a $1 line fee and a $20 resort fee per day just fyi...I got such a good deal on Expedia, that this helped it.. Have i said enough good things about the Palms? Not much, bad except expensive room service fees and that was all, in my opinion..	
Feb 24 2009 	Can't believe I didn't like the Palms	Stayed at the Palms on Sunday Night 2/22/09. Can't believe we didn't like it at all. We were so excited to stay there but it was more than disappointing. Having been to Vegas many times, we knew that we'd be trading location (well off the strip on flamingo) for the hippest and most happening place it town. After hanging out at Planet Hollywood and the Palms, we're shocked to say that PH was far hipper. I can't believe I just said that. Palms was slow, customer service was poor...they have clearly cut back on staff. Dinner at Gardunos was so slow that I actually felt bad for the waitress giving us the worst service ever. What else could she do? 2 waitress for 30 tables guarantees a horrible time. We should have left a zero tip for the hilarious/epically horrible service but I felt so bad that I left $10 on and $80 tab for hazard pay.Room had a great view but the entire floor (Palms tower 31st floor..sign says non-smoking floor) smelled like smoke and our room smelled like a dozen people had been chain smoking in the room all day. Terrible doesn't even cover it. What a let down. My only advice is this: If you're going to the Palms for the Playboy Club or Ghostbar or a concert, then by all means, save the cab fare and stay there, you'll likely be hammered and will only need a quick place to rest your head. If the clubs is not your scene....I can't imagine any reason why you'd want to stay there. It's small, far away, and guess what... the 75 year olds playing slots that you are trying to avoid are at the Palms too. Stay on the strip.	
Feb 16 2009 	don't use the service at the concierge desk if you want perfection	Double check your reservations well ahead of time, when you use the services provided at the concierge desk. CLS limo sevice was recommended and was not scheduled as requested, on Valentines night. On the 14th I checked at the desk to make sure my reservations were correct, and found I had been charged for the wrong date. One of the ladies did get a last minute car, but I did not get the car I reserved, but a stomper instead (dirty inside, no champange and rose for me, no heat, moon roof broken, no cd player, and the driver was a jerk). Jared, the concierge manager was very nice, and will refund my money, but the staff at the desk was less than impressive!	
Feb 15 2009 	Great Hotel off the strip	Booked for just 1 night with a special deal I found on the internet. The room comes with 2 passes to most of the palms nightclubs which are all awesome. We went to Ghostbar, but I have been to all of them and are all fun. If you want to stay right on the strip, this is not a good location. But... If you want to be off the strip this is perfect. The room was really nice, and had a good view (24th floor). We had a problem with the tub faucet and coudn't turn it off. Maintinence came up right away and fixed it. Upon checkout there was a $10 dollar room service charge that I didn't charge and they just asked if we drank the bottled water, I said no, and they removed the charge. No problems, but it's probably more of an adult hotel with the atmosphere.	
Feb 14 2009 	great stay	The rooms were great, the most comfortable beds, nicest linens, great bathroom accessories.....Concierge, Tifani, helped us immensely as our plans suddenly changed. Can't say enough about her great attitude, made things so much easier and palatable.Dinner at k9 the best we have ever had, and we live in beef country..... Cool desserts like smores with a means to roast your marshmallows at the table. We had the am buffet, and also ate at the cafe, all excellent service and food, well worth it.The view at night was incredible, used the shuttle to get to the strip.Would definitely go back.	
Feb 11 2009 	Good Hotel	The Palms is one of the best hotel for young people in Las Vegas. The clubs are awesome and the restaurant deliver good food at decent prices. The only thing is that there are not any shops outside the hotel.	
Feb 10 2009 	Fantasy tower fantasy vacation	This was the best va-k of our life!! At time of check in (Memorial Day 2008) we asked if there were any rooms avail for an upgrade which there was not. So we cont'd up to our suite located in The Palms Tower and was disappointed. It smelt like marijuana and was just out dated. We went back to down to the front desk and explained the situation and the clerk was more than accommodating. She placed us in the Superior Guest Room in the Fantasy Tower on the 35th floor, just down from the Hugh Hefner Suite, which was fun in itself, hoping to catch a glimps of him and/or the room.The Superior Suite was named appropriately. Beautiful furniture, very modern and a great color scheme. The bed was the most comfy bed I had ever been in, linens and all.We hung out at the pool all day which made for great people watching. Playboy Club was a nice low-key place to gamble and drink and Moon was off the hook. The retractable roof-top is AMAZING! The guests as well as the staff were all EXTREMLY nice and friendly. We have been to Vegas many times and stayed in other hotels but never had as much fun as we did while staying at The Palms. My only warning is, stay out of The Palms Tower until they remodel. If you want to live and party like a rock star while in Vegas but don't have the budget, stay at The Palms. You wont regret it.	
Feb 3 2009 	Not a single complant	We came to Las Vegas Saturday Jan 29. The Palms up graded us to a beautiful room in the Fantasy Tower. We asked for extra blankets and houskeeping had them delivered in less than five minutes.The food at NINE restaurant was wonderful. We had fun in the Casino. They have all the latest slot and V.P. machines. Drink service was prompt. We have stayed at the Palms ten times and have never had a bad visit.	
Jan 27 2009 	The BEST hotel I have ever stayed at.	When we arrived at The Palms after midnight, we got to our room while it was clean I notice a small mildew spot in the shower. I blew it off and we went off to explore the hotel. About four hours later when on our back to the room, I mentioned this to the front desk. They moved us to the North tower to a one bedroom suite no questions asked. The room had 3 flat screen TV's one in the bedroom, one in the living and one in the bathroom. I can honestly say this was the best bed I have slept in outside of my own. Yeah the Palms is slightly off the strip, but the room more then makes up for it. The staff was also very friendly.	
Jan 23 2009	Service?	Where to begin? The service at the Hotel's concierge desk was pitiful and rude. Moreover, the security at the Moon NightClub (run by the N9NE Group, and located within the Casino) was inept and unbelievably rude. Good luck!	
Jan 12 2009	Perfect	I got a great rate on hotels.com albeit for a basic room. We arrived late (9pm) after a long drive from LA about 10 days before Xmas for a Sunday and Monday night stay. I visit Vegas a lot but had never stayed at the Plams and was looking forward to it. At checkin, I tried the $20 trick and asked for a room in the Fantasy Tower if possible. All sorted and a nice high room looking towards Mandaly Bay end of the strip. The decor of the room was very nice, modern, massive Plasma TV with HD. The bathroom was very large although no separate shower, but the bath was massive. The jacuzzi jets didn't work. The problem with Vegas hotels is you often park and it's a long trudge to the room. It was literally less than 3 minutes, car parked to your room. I have never been able to park so close before. I would rate this a 4.5 due to the tub not working, and lack of separate shower but I got such a crazy rate ($20 a night) I had to rate it a 5*The buffet is dirt cheap by Vegas standards. You can get breakfast for about $8 whereas you would be lucky to get a breakie for that in some dive.	
Jan 1 2009 	Stayed here many times - not coming back	I love Las Vegas and have stayed at The Palms my last three trips there. I stay at The Palms for a few reasons: first I'm in my early 20s and I like that it's mainly a hotel for people my age. Second, I've found that drunks leaving their clubs tend to lose a lot of money at poker, and it's more concentrated at The Palms than at other casinos in Vegas. Third, they used to treat me well. Lastly, the rooms are nice (flat screen tvs, jacuzzi tub, huge bathrooms, comfortable bed).In addition, the food is very good. N9ne is one of my favorite restaurants (not just in Vegas, but in general), and the views from Nove are great. But, I wouldn't consider the food a reason to stay at the hotel because anyone can come and go to restaurants as he/she pleases. Also, because they're owned by the Maloofs, you can find some odds on sporting events that are different here than other hotels in Vegas - another plus.My most recent trip to Vegas was in Oct 2008, and I went with a colleague of mine. We each brought our golf clubs and was looking forward to a great round of golf. Limo brought us from the airport to the hotel - nobody opened the door for us, even though we had luggage and clubs. We decided to leave the clubs with the bell desk rather than take them upstairs to the room, and they accommodated us. Two days later, we went golfing, got our clubs no problem, went golfing, came back, same story - no doorman. We left the clubs with the bell desk again, bellman told us he'd put the clubs back in our travel cases for us (we tipped him an extra 10 bucks for his efforts) and the following day come checkout, the clubs weren't in the bags for us.In addition, the dealers were rude, and significantly worse than at other hotels. The maid didn't clean our room the first night until we called at 4pm the next day. The poker games dried up. Many regulars know that The Palms attracts drunks who lose at poker, and they flood the tables during late night. The room doesn't spread a wide variety of games, and doesn't attract that many players.The sportsbook is still good. The odds are competitive and the staff is friendly. They even added a betting option upon my request.The casino is small, but sufficient. The Playboy Club shouldn't charge a cover, but they do and it's too expensive. It's a Playboy themed high limit casino, and frankly nobody should be charged money to play high limit blackjack or roulette and give up house edge.The other clubs are expensive as well. I'm not a club person, but I really enjoyed Moon. The lines downstairs are too long, and too slow, so you either have to get put on a list or pay the bouncer to let you in. My buddy just talked to him and we jumped the line.Full disclosure - Vegas is hurting right now and The Palms used to be the only place in town who would give me a free room for my stay. In this economy many hotels there now make the offer, and I'd stay at many of them over The Palms. That said, at an equal price (even if it was full price), I'd stay at many other hotels over The Palms. There is simply nothing that The Palms offers that justifies a room tag of $299+ on a weekend. I'm not coming back to stay at The Palms unless all the other offers dry up. I'll come for the sports bets and n9ne, but not for the hotel. The service/accommodations there just doesn't measure up to most other high end Las Vegas hotels.	
Dec 30 2008 	More like LA and Vegas less Disneylike than the strip.	This was my second stay at Palms. I do prefer over the strip since I prefer the LA vibe vs the Disney vibe.Restaurants are awesome, except the Mexican was mediocre food but great margeritas.Pool scene is for under 30, unless you want to feel old. We had fun watching them have fun, and got involved with a promotion that was going on involving some celebs which was cool...Ghost Bar is fun, but more fun if you go with a big group. Rain is a typical city big club like NYV and LA. Casino slots are looser than most in my experience, tables are nothing special, but dealers are nicer than the strip. Ours dealer was a retired school teacher....only in Vegas!Hotel staff tries very hard to be and look cool, so some might get turned off by this. Growing up in New York, I am used to it.Grand Suite was nice, but TV lame. More like a party room.	
Dec 11 2008	Best Hotel Experience	I stayed at the Palms when I went to Vegas and it was AWESOME! The hotel is really nice, food was amazing (n9ne steakhouse had some kick [--] steaks), and the clubs were a lot of fun. I also won about $2,000 in the casino which definitely helped to make the trip more memorable. If you're looking to go all out when going to Vegas, I definitely recommend the Palms.	
Nov 20 2008 	Friendly staff but not my kind of hotel- stick with the strip	I only stayed here because I had plans to see a show at The Pearl that night. My room was the basic, low budget one, and I can't believe they sell this thing at around $200 a night. The TV isn't even a flatscreen one- I could get a cheap room with a better TV at Excalibur. The only thing good about that room was the bed that had lots of soft pillows on it.The casino floor isn't very big. I think most of the Palms' main building is for their clubs, some of which happen to be inconveniently near the hotel room elevators, making it difficult to get to your room since you have to squeeze by obnoxious drunk guys and girls. It seems like this hotel was made for bachelor parties or guys' night outs.Food selection was lame, and the waiters at the 24/7 Cafe need to be more attentive. I left after waiting for over 20 minutes to be served.The only good thing I have to say about this place is that most of the staff is really nice. The reception and concierge desk were helpful, especially with letting me check in to my room at 9:30 AM instead of waiting till 4 PM. Other than that, there's no good reason for me to return to this hotel. I'm sticking to the strip.	
Nov 10 2008 	Mediocre staff but fun!	We stayed here mainly because we wanted to go to some bars/clubs/restaurants that had great strip views from high floors. Check in was extremely odd, very busy and in the middle of the casino! But that was fun. I was thrilled with the room, high floor and huge with a fantastic bathroom. We booked dinner in Alize restaurant and headed to the Ghost Bar first which was wonderful in terms of views, and very mediocre in terms of staff. Me: 'Do you have a cocktail menu at all?' Surly bar woman: 'No.'  Not 'No, but...' or No with a smile, just flat surly No. I guess she didn't want a tip! (The lovely bar maid out on the balcony was great, she got a good tip.) After that we went to Alize and had the most fantastic meal, then to the Playboy club which was fun, then the Moon club which was great. The views and the atmosphere here was brilliant. The fact that everywhere you went there were bouncers who stopped you to check ID etc every 5 seconds was annoying. I'm used to staying in hotels where you can move from area to area and use the facilities freely, if I've paid to be there!! Worst of all was the pool area next morning, fabulous pool, really ridiculous having bouncers on the door, who wouldn't let me take in a bottle of water that I had just bought in the hotel lobby! ABSURD. So we had a great time despite the staff, we did spend a lot of money on food and drinks (drinks were VERY expensive), and club entry, but the views were spectacular. It was like staying in a night club really, strange but fun experience! I would suggest booking a stay but expecting most of the staff to be surly and annoying, then you won't be disappointed.	
Nov 7 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Flew out of Halifax with Air Canada. I fly with Air Canada lots with my work and can honestly say I'm not a fan of there's however they managed to get my girlfriend and I there on time, with all our luggage!Arrived and went straight for luggage, had previously booked a limo with Presidential Limo's service. Can't say enough about these guys, excellent service an all around perfect experience. Arrived at the Palms around 11:00am with reservations in the older tower, but once I explained to the nice man at the desk that I flew 12hrs and 8000kms to come to there hotel he was more then happy to upgrade us to the fantasy tower. Wow what a nice room, huge with a great view of the pool! This was the start to the best 4 days of our lives!In the 4 days we spent in Vegas my girlfriend and I only managed to make it to the strip twice. We loved the Palms so much we couldn't get ourselves away from the pool, casino, and incredible night clubs. We somehow were able to get invited to two private parties, one at the condo next door that is connected to the Palms, and the other one was on our last night, in one of the fantasy suite reserved for an Absolute Poker Party! Those two parties were what you would see in the movies, and is what Vegas is all about!We never ate at any of the restaurants but heard from other guest that they are great.The pool is simply amazing, a mixture of the young and old!And of course the clubs are some of the best Vegas has to offer!The Palms did seem like it caters toward the younger crowd, myself 28 and girlfriend is 21, we meet so many great couples and singles.The location off the strip does kinda suck if you want to explore the strip, however there is a shuttle that get you there 3 times a day!Overall we both loved the Palms and will return again without question!	
Oct 25 2008 	We finally got to stay at the Palms!	After several years of playing annually at the Palms casino we finally got an invitation for 2 comped nights at the Palms hotel.My wife and I are not what you would call high rollers; we each play mostly $1 slots, averaging 8 hours per day. The comp offers we've been receiving from the Palms (and several other casino-hotels) were a nice surprise. We were able to book a total of 8 comped nights.I figured Vegas must be really hurting to have to chase the likes of us. From our rooms overlooking the strip we could see several construction projects that appeared dormant for the entire week we were there. I would expect a visitor could find some good room deals.The room, which was in the older tower, was very nice and appeared to have been recently refurbished. My wife was not happy that the bathroom vanity did not provide enough surface space for all of her &quot;stuff&quot;, but she agreed the bed was very comfortable.The Palms is located almost a mile west of the strip on Flamingo, but we did not mind the walk to Caesar's and several nearby (by Vegas standards) strip properties in the pleasant September weather. If you only want to walk a few blocks, free shuttles from the Rio run constantly to other Harrah's properties. The Palms casino is outstanding, and has been a favorite with locals for years. It is probably the best place in town to see celebrities. There is an excellent mix of decent payback machines and table games, and non-smokers will appreciate the excellent ventilation. The Palms seems to be &quot;the place&quot; for &quot;the beautiful people&quot;, and although we are not such people, they are fun to watch. Several times while we were there we saw a bunch of hot young girls being followed by a 5 man camera. We were told they were filming a TV show called &quot;Nasty Girls&quot; or &quot;Mean Girls&quot; or something like that for a cable channel we don't watch. Our favorite part of the Palms was the buffet. We ate most of our meals there almost for free (our MVP player cards gave us a huge discount). The changing choices and quality was the best we have ever seen on a buffet, and we know our buffets. Many buffets offer a better selection, but lower quality food. The buffet staff was very friendly and helpful.Now if we can just score some comps for December...	
Oct 6 2008 	30th Floor Strip View	Stay 29th and 30th September. Checked-in at 2:30pm with no lines and no problems. Booked for newer Fantasy Tower, but upgraded to one bedroom suite in the original Palms Tower. The suite was fantastic with JVC mini-stereo and a large tube TV in each section. Nice to have the living room area for when I was up early to watch TV while my GF slept. Decent selection of channels with extra Palms related music channels that showcase the awards parties held at Palms.The view from the 30th floor suite was amazing, 180 degree from MGM City Centre construction to downtown--great at night, could see fireworks from TI show and landing approaches at McCarren. Huge Donnie and Marie building banner on the Flamingo. There was always security afternoons/nights for the tower enterance. Walked over to Palms Place for the pool tour there--nice layout. The pool at the Palms was nice and active. Due to low crowds off-strip during the week, clubs at Palms closed early. Activity on strip was much higher in the casinos.Room had beautiful stylish baths, half at entry and full for master, would love to replicate design for my own home. Bedding was excellent, comfortable sleeps. Buffet for breakfast was good value. The poker tables are tough, stocked with dealers and high level players who come to Palms for low rake and drawings during NFL games. Did not get a chance to try Little Buddah since they closed early on Monday nite. Bette Middler's band plays Monday nites at Palms, 7-8 piece with horns.Did Red Rocks tour and hike, tried Firefly on Paradise for tapas--great go for 3-6pm weekday specials, saw Fat Elvis at Bill's--ok, played last night of PH poker room before it moved to new location in casino. Saw Dian Diaz at Bellagio, mostly covers for casual dancing, she can really sing with full band.	
Sep 22 2008	I loved this place	This was the best value for money place I stayed at in Vegas. The studio room was great and had more than I needed. Checkin was smooth and restaurants are also very good. The bars in the tower do cater for the younger crowd but we had great fun there! I would stay here and get a cab to the Strip.	
Sep 16 2008 	Finally everyone sees the truth - The staff treats you terribly	Obviously from the reviews below...the Palms is finally getting what they deserve. I was treat horribly by the front desk staff and went to the BBB - with no avail. The Palms reputation is over with. There are so many hotels to choose from in Vegas- which is awesome, that the way they treat us all they will eventually need Lindsey Lohan's sister to sell some records- which is impossible- to stay afloat, cuz the Kings ain't helpin' unless your bettin against them. I greatly thank all of the contibutor's to this site and the creator of this site for allowing me to know I was not the only one who had their trip entirely ruined by the front desk staff and how they treated me. Did anyone notice that the only reason we know about the Palms is E!(45) and the fact that they must be connected to the station with the 10 shows they have had. I applaud you all for your honestyl!!!	
Sep 14 2008 	Comfy and Small..for Vegas	I stayed at the Palms for one night as friends were playing a show at the Pearl Theatre on the premises.I arrived at 11.30am and was delighted to find that the reception desk was just to the left of the entrance doors rather than, as is usually the case in Vegas hotels, miles away through a sea of slot machines.Despite usual check in tiem being 3pm the friendly desk staff were able to find me a free room witin 20 minutes. During the wait I checked out the shop, which has useful stuff like toothpaste and Tylenol as well as vintage Kiss t-shirts, and the tattoo parlour. The food court is a bit downmarket with a McDonalds of all the godawful things to have in a hotel but that's probably aiming at a young crowd. The cinema with Imax looked liek it had a good selection of movies.The room was great, I got a great rate at about £40 for the night, and this was totally worth it. Huge bathroom with Aveda toiletries and a decent size bedroom with a very comfortable king size bed. Was surprised to find the TV was a rather old tube TV with not that great reception, but then I guess you don't come to Vegas to sit in and watch TV. There were robes and an ironing board and iron in the wardrobe which is handy.The coffee maker was grim...clearly had not been cleaned in an eternity and just produced a foul smelling cup with bits of who knows what floating on it, but room service wasn't a bad price and efficient and friendly so if you are despearate for decent coffee just order it.My friends were staying in suites in the Playboy Tower so I got a look at these - huge rooms with lounges, fireplaces, wet bar, numerous bathrooms (one with disco lighting!) and aside from the questionable taste of a red leather sofa with leopard print cushions, if you can afford a suite here it looks like a great place to be!The Palms is a nice place to stay compared to some of the other Vegas hotels as it is relatively small, quite cool and young (rock music playing through the casino) and the rooms can be great value. However in the desert heat you simply can't walk to the Strip and you feel rather distanced from the lively atmosphere of Vegas.The Pearl Theatre is a nice venue, well laid out so that wherever you are you'll get a good view of the act and never be too far from the stage. If you are performing, the backstage area is very straightforward - essentially one long corridor of dressing rooms and production offices which lead straight to stage access.Overall, the Palms is a nice, comfortable hotel good for a young crowd who don't want to be constantly on the Strip.	
Sep 12 2008 	Top-Notch!	I hadn't been to Vegas in a couple of years and was extremely excited to be heading back. Found a great rate online. Booked through hotels.com but when I arrived for check-in, the lady at the front desk didn't have my reservation! Had to call hotels.com to get it all straightened out. I was worn out after a long day and the extra 30 minute hassle wasn't appreciated. Security at the elevators. I was relieved to get to my room- which ended up being an upgrade (I've been really lucky with that lately)! I got a huge corner suite in the new Fantasy Tower (floor to ceiling windows on 2 sides) on the umpteenth floor with an amazing view of the Strip, the pool, and the original Palms tower. It was great! Awesome bathroom with huge jacuzzi tub. Room service was prompt although the food was just average. I wanted to but didnt have time to get to the gym but the pool scene was great! I'll probably stay at the Palms again the next time I'm in town. Highly recommend!	
Sep 8 2008	Have any class? If so don't stay here	Here are some bullet points on The Palms1) This place is exclusively geared towards the under 30 party crowd. If you are over thirty stay someplace else otherwise you will feel out of place.2) There is loud music blaring everywhere in this hotel including the elevators.3) Want to relax at the pool? Forget it. Unless you are in the mood to get blotto drunk and dance around like an idiot this place will annoy you. My wife and I went down for all of ten minutes to the pool and were driven out by the partiers. 4) The rooms in the Palms tower are about as nice as the ones at the Newark Airport Ramada. They really need to be upgraded and if I only had one word to describe them it would be &quot;dingy&quot;.5) Like sleeping? Well if you have a lower pool facing room this will most likely not be on the agenda.LOUD...Little things:A)The staff at the center bar in the casino are very nice, affable and professional.B) When prompted to decided between a &quot;small&quot; or &quot;large&quot; Margarita at the Mexican joint just off of the casino, chose the small one. We chose the large one thinking it was max 24 ozs. What we were served was at least a 60oz glass of sugar water that cost $26. I had to order 3 Cuervo shots on the side to dump into the glass to have any tequila taste at all. C) some of the front desk staff act like they have better things to do than deal with customers. D) Alize is one the best French joints I have ever been to.While my above review may sound negative, the Palms serves its targeted demographic and psychographic well. If you have any desire for class, elegance and solitude, go stay somewhere else. If you want to carouse with the silk shirted, leased car crowd than you hit pay dirt with the Palms.	
Sep 8 2008 	Inconsistent but OK	7 of us stayed at The Palms varying in age from 21 - 50.Strange mix but nephew's 21st and his dad who acts like 21 came along.Despite other reviewers mentioning problems with check in we found it OK.My opinion of The Palms:1. Rooms - nothing special.A/C poor - our three rooms had a bad odour about them (all on 8th floor of old Tower).Despite complaining nothing was done2. Staff - didn't seem interested in answering any questions about where to go in Vegas 3.Floor staff - spent a couple of hours at blackjack talking to a few other players and saying that we got pretty smashed the night before.Was then told by eavesdropping pit boss that he was refusing me anymore drink even though I was only on water!!One of the other players was totally smashed and swearing loudly but still got served.4. Food outlets - very average5.Pool - excellent but shut early (6pm) on two out of the four days.6. Palms Player card- don't bother.Lost $6,000 and got a free buffet.Would I go back to the Palms? No. Although everything was generally fine the staff didn't seem to want any guests there.When we went to The Rio and gambled all the staff were great.When we told them about how we were being treated at the Palms they told us to pack our bags and stay at The Rio for the last two nights at a vastly discounted rate.Had we not already paid through an agent we would have done so.	
Sep 4 2008 	Disappointed	My husband and I decided to stay at the Palms for Labor Day weekend because one of his friends recommended it. Throughout our stay at the Palms we had nothing but problems. When we first checked in the lady at the front desk was pretty rude. She made it seem like we were wasting her time. Once we got to our room we basically spent half the evening calling the front desk to have our jucuzzi tub cleaned out. Our jucuzzi may have looked clean, but once we turned on the jets a lot of black fuzzy stuff started to come out. After about 20 to 25 min. a lady came up to clean out the jucuzzi. To try to clean out the black fuzz she poured some chemicals (using more than what she was suppose to, my husband and I found it hard to breath from all the fumes) and let it sit for about 5 min. After 5 min. have past she told us that should of cleaned out the black fuzz. Once the lady left we filled the jucuzzi tub up, and again once we turned on the jets black fuzz still started to come out. Again we had to call front desk to have someone come up. The same lady that cleaned the tub the first time came back, and instead of pouring more chemicals she this time pops out the jets to see what the problem is. Turns out there was a bunch of build up inside the jets. My husband and I were creeped out when we saw how much build up there was. Anyways, she finally fixed the problem by cleaning out all the jets. Besides the jucuzzi tub we were also having problems with the air. We would blast the air on high but if you sat next the window that was the only place you would feel the cool air. Everywhere else in the room you wouldn't feel the air. When it came time to check out we noticed on our summary bill that they charged us for the mini bar. Eventually after a couple times of calling the front desk they had the mini bar charge taken off our bill. After this experience I will not be going back to the Palms. This place is perfect for people who just want to party, but if you want to relax I would recommend going somewhere else.	
Sep 1 2008 	What a bunch of fakes	Let's see....here we go:stayed there 11 days (work put us there and paid)1.) servicehmmm.....was there service? last straw was when they double booked my room and made me move because of a high roller. When I moved the misplaced my suit bags and made me pay to ship them after I left the hotel....any real hotel would have stepped up to the plate and fixed the situation, but not a FAKE one like this.2.) decor Nice, in all the lounges, clubs, etc...not at all functional though. The sinks in the rooms drain onto the counter if you wash your hands....kinda funny, but has to be tiring on the maids.Same with the pool, nice looking, but no way to move around, not enough seats/chairs or anything else. They force you to buy their overpriced drinks, most pools let you slide if you are carrying plastic containers.3.) food*if I gave it 1 of 5 stars that may be too much....we tried the diner 2 times, both a disaster, tried the buffet 4 times....stale, bland, very poor selection of cheap dishes (gotta keep food cost low, right?)4.) people staying there*Can you say fake, fake and holy hot tamales, a lot of working women. A friend and I sat at one of the bars and watched the elegant ballet of cash friendly women move from end to end of the bar, up stairs with one guy, back down in 25 mins, back up with another and so on...it was the most amusing when there was one who was nearly 65 years old...YIKES!! As for the fakes....if you ever wondered where unintelligent meat heads and fake OC looking people hang out this is clearly the hotel...don't have a conversation and you will be fine...overall:would not recommend it even if you were staying there for free like us. There's better service/quality at nearly every other hotel in Vegas.	
Sep 1 2008 	A very average hotel	Services1. We had two shoulder bags, one carry on, one laptop bag and two camera bags (DSLR with additional lenses). Not a single person from valet/bell services came up to us to help.2. Valet in Vegas normally knows that some taxis only take cash. But before they got us in the taxi they never bothered to ask us if we are carrying cash with us or we want to pay with credit (It was our fault too, but then hotels in Vegas are known for there services).3. When we checked-In receptionist never told us about any of the clubs, restaurants or any other service at the hotel. She didn't smile even once. Reception desk's attitude in general lacked cordiality and hospitableness and it made us feel very unwelcomed. The behavior of security standing at the elevator was intrusive and distasteful. I felt like i was passing through airport security after a sensor beeped on me.4. Primary reason I reserved my room at The Palms was that I had heard about the night scene there and because it was The Palms I didn't bother to check out the reviews. So when reception gave us the complimentary VIP pass, we were excited. But even with the pass and the room key we were not able to get into any of the club without paying the cover charges, kinda sucked for us (we got into line thinking we wont have to pay the cover charge, then at the gate it was either pay-up or get out. Its just I thought The Palms was one of the premier hotel/casino in Vegas, but i was so wrong.RoomIf I hadn't walked through the reception and the casino I would have assumed that we were staying at holiday inn or any comparable &quot;Motel&quot;. Nothing about the room, furniture or TV service (TV was prolly 15 years old) showed that we were staying at a premier hotel in Las vegas.So overall i was very unsatisfied and i dont think i will ever go back to The Palms. But i hope they improve, as I graduated from UC Davis and i am a Sacramento Kings fan, and i know how passionate Maloof brothers are in whatever they do (But then Kings suck now, so i guess i cant really say that anymore). But i hope this review will help you to decide where to stay in Vegas.	
Sep 1 2008 	This place is not what they think they are	I live in Vegas and when we have family come to town we always get a couple of rooms for all of us to stay in. This year we decided to stay at the PalmsWe stayed there in mid August. We were able to get a deluxe room in the &quot;Fantasy Tower&quot; for $69. a night through the hotel's website. This was a good deal for Vegas but I wasn't too impressed once we got there. We had to wait almost 45 minutes to check in and there were only 6 people ahead of us when we got in line. There were 5 registration people just standing around talking to each other instead of helping customers check in.When we got to our room it was nice but didn't really seem like an upgrade from standard to deluxe. The room compared to the standard rooms at the Monte Carlo.The pool was amazing but I didn't appreciate the guard at the entrance that demanded to check my purse and bag each time we were there. It was a little too much! There were also 4 security guards walking around the pool at 9am--there were only about 10 guests in and around the pool so I totally did not get that--it was a little uncomfortable.The thing that really gets me is that the Palms tries to act like it is the place for the young hip crowd but all we saw there was a bunch of senior citizens on their scooters in the casino. There was no young crowd gambling and if it hadn't been for the seniors the casino would have been empty. The restaurants were average for Vegas. Quite honestly there are several local restaurants that are better (Chicago Joes, Carluccios).The best part of the trip was seeing Phantom at the Venetian--it was amazing!Overall the room was ok but I will probably go back to the Monte Carlo the next time we have family in town.	
Aug 27 2008 	Do not stay here!	I was really excited to have a girl’s weekend at the Palms last week. I booked a reservation online and couldn't wait to get there. However, once arriving we waited almost an hour to check in and then we're given a dirty room. After an hour and a half and plenty of rude front desk agents we were finally in a clean room and ready to go out for the night. When we did make it back to our room in the wee hours of the night there were people running all over the hall ways and security refused to do anything to help us. I'm not going to waste my time going thru all the other incidents that happened during the weekend but let’s just say we had only cold water in the showers, room service with burnt food and horrible service. This hotel obviously prioritizes themselves on being a party hotel and needs to learn how to be more hospitable.	
Aug 27 2008 	You get what you pay for!	Got a great deal with Vegas.com. Heard so much about how great the Palms is we had to try it. You would think since this is the latest celebrity hot spot the place would be awesome. The staff is extremely helpful. Some of the &quot;pretty&quot; girls that work as cocktail waitresses are a little unsophisticated unlike their counterparts at the ritzier hotels on the strip. Be prepared for a lot of taxi rides if you want to leave the hotel since it is a pretty far distance from the strip. If you ever want to stay at a Frat House this is the place. Very noisy in the late night early morning hours. A lot of young guys running up and down the halls yelling at the top of their lungs. The beds are very worn out (saggy and lumpy) for a newer hotel. Open condom wrappers (not ours) falling out from our supposedly clean sheets after we checked-in. Did i mention the very thin walls. You can hear everything!!! The pools close early for &quot;Private&quot; parties. However one of the hotel staff told us to go to the Palms Place Pool which closes at 6pm, but reopens at 8pm to midnight with outside bars (this pool is also subject to close for a &quot;private party&quot;. No complaints about the food. All restaurants are awesome. No buffets for me. No place for the kiddies, fun for the adults. The Ghostbar, Playboy Club and Moon are all places to see. No fancy shows to go to. I think I would pay a little more and go somewhere a little more tasteful. If I was 21 I would probably think this was the best place on earth. This is definately a Party Hotel. Been there done that. One more thing, you might see the occasional &quot;want-to-be&quot; celebrity like the Sunset Tan people walking around with their orange skin.	
Aug 16 2008	Took good care of us!	My wife and I booked a weekend in Vegas around seeing comedian Eddie Izzard at the Pearl Theater at The Palms.I managed to snag a good deal on a four-night stay there through Expedia.We arrived Friday afternoon, and the lobby was already buzzing with young people flying in for the weekend. At registration, the clerk informed us that the hotel was over-booked. She said we could accept the room as booked, or the Palms would pay to put us up at The Venetian for two nights, refund what we'd already paid for the two nights, and then upgrade us to a suite for our last two nights at The Palms. I mentioned that we were seeing the show at The Pearl that night, and she quickly responded that they'd send a limo for us to bring us to the show.We opted for the Venetian deal, and our desk clerk gave us $20 cash for cab fare.The standard room at The Venetian was gorgeous! Sunken living room, two flat-screen tv's, a huge bathroom with twin sinks.Our limo showed up as planned, and the concert was awesome.The Pearl is a fabulous venue.When we switched hotels on Sunday, we were originally given a standard room. I returned to the front desk and reminded them that we were supposed to be given an upgrade. I was quickly given keys to a Salon Suite, which list as $500-$750, a far cry from the $80 I'd paid Expedia!The Salon Suite, in the Fantasy Tower, was beautiful. The king bed was one of the nicest I've ever slept in.We spent a whole afternoon by the pool, with attentive staff looking after us.We only tried the cafe and the buffet, as my wife had made a lot of reservations outside of The Palms. I thought both were very good for the price.I really enjoyed the &quot;vibe&quot; of The Palms, and really appreciated the extent they went to to make our weekend enjoyable.	
Aug 12 2008 	These review made a difference !!	When I read the reviews on here before I booked i was on the verge of switching my hotel but it was too late. Our experience was actually pretty good and to be honest I think it's because of the all the poor experiences that guests had before us. I believe the hotel is aware of the bad service by their employees. I called and spoke to front desk a few days before I checked in b/c I was really concerned about the service I may receive upon my arrival after reading all the reviews. . I informed the front desk of the reviews I read and they basically gave me the idea that The Palms functions differently, that since they have this hip new celebrity image that they don't have to compete with the hotels on the strip. Anyways, I believe they are going thru some major re-organization since they have realized in order to be a credible Hotel they are going to have to compete with the BIG Boys like Ventian, PH, Bellagio etc. (Especially if you're 1mile off the strip...)To make a long story short...the experience was great. We were upgraded to the Penthouse in the old tower (which was new renovated) for 2 out of the 4 nights by simply asking for an comp upgrade. Take a look at the photo below, I think the Palms is aware of their passed crappy service so they posted this in the room to do some Damage Control. Don't get me wrong...the service still needs improvement but I think they are trying to work on it. Not bad if you can get this hotel for $99-129 /night.	
Aug 11 2008 	DID NOT WANT TO LEAVE	I just got back from the Palms casino in Vegas and had a great time. I had been to Vegas before and always stayed at the Venetian, so this was my first time staying at the much smaller Palms. If you are going to stay here, bear in mind that you are going to stay at a place that is very hip, and laid back. Go here if you want to hang by the pool during the day and party/gamble at night. I found the staff to be very friendly, and helpful. Our room was nice, and the beds were very comfortable. If I had to rate my favorite thing about the palms I would without a doubt say the pool, especially on Friday’s ( DITCH FRIDAYS!!) You will be blown away. Great music, drinks, and beautiful people (guys and girls). Do not be intimidated though, the Ditch staff was great, friendly, and everyone in the pool was unpretentious. I’m not a huge gambler, but will be going back every year just for the fantastic pool scene, and friendly staff at the Casino. Thanks Palms!!	
Jul 30 2008 	Pretty much awful.	I wish I would have read the earlier reviews and maybe I wouldn't have wasted my time with this hotel. My friend and I went out to Vegas on a Thursday.The bell staff was very friendy and welcoming, I assumed we were off to a good start.... until we reached the front desk. We were able to check into our room on time but the girl at the front desk was one of the rudest people I have ever had to deal with in my life. Absolutely miserable. Though we were supposed to be in the new tower, we ended up in the old one. The rooms were extremely small and had horrible lighting. Bathrooms were small and water pressure is very weak. The beds, I must admit, were fantastic, along with room service.The casino/lobby area is nice, but small. Bartenders were quick and friendly. The dealers were average. Little Buddha is fantastic and I would encourage everyone to check it out.There are much better hotels in Vegas where customer service is a priority unlike The Palms.	
Jul 25 2008 	Not as good as the reviews stated	We got a great great great rate. I think it was about $60 per night (weekday). When we got there about 6pm, after driving from L.A., parking was a mess. We ended up parking the vehicle ourselves. Got to the check in counter, where there were 2 more guests in front of us, but it took us 48 minutes to get to the check in lady.When we finally got to her, it was almost 7pm. The lady told us to wait for 1,5 hours for our room to be ready. After complaining, they gave us un upgrade to the Playboy tower, which was great. If not, I think we would have been given a room on the old tower, which I suspect would have been a disappointment.The room was A++. Everything was nice, roomy, confy, lovely. Bathroom and the room itself were pretty large. Ammenities: A++.The Casino was kind of boring. The location was also a negative, as it is not on the strip.Food in the hotel is below average.Pool was stuffed with people (was about 100 or 110 those days). I guess if it had been a weekend, there would be no room.Overall, nice rooms, boring casino, below avarage food, bad location. Would try other resorts next time.	
Jul 5 2008 	Worst service worst hotel in vegas. Avoid at all costs! ! Stay Elsewhere!	I was excited to try out The Palms because, being younger (early 30's) and enjoying the vegas nightlife, I had stayed at the Hard Rock and Planet Hollywood and, while I thought they were good experiences, I wanted to try something new. Unfortunately, I was 100% disappointed. To start, the first night we stayed at one of the top suites at the Palms (over $3,000/night)... while the suite was okay, the service was horrible and they treated us like they were always doing us a favor whenever we had a request (such as &quot;the bathrooms are dirty and the sheets have stains on them... can we please get this fixed&quot;). The room smelled like smoke and they charged up $1.00 for the room phone. Yes, $1. Even if you never use the phone. I told them to remove the room phone and not charge us the dollar but they refused, saying it is mandatory to have a phone in the room... so, we are paying over 3K per night for a room and they have the worst SCAM in history going... $1 because the phone is in the room?!? Next thing you know, they'll be charging you for the toilet seat.The suite wasn't available the last night we were there so we transferred to a junior suite, non-smoking. The moment we entered the room, we were hit by the worst cigarette smoke I've ever smelled. It took me over 10 minutes to reach the manager because the hotel operator and then the front desk kept on disconnecting me (they obviously make it very hard to get in contact with management... why?... because management wants it that way). When I finally talked to the front desk manager, he said &quot;Sorry, we ask our guests not to smoke in non-smoking rooms but that's all we can do&quot;. Yes, that was his response. I asked to talk to his supervisor but he refused, saying the supervisor had left for the day and promised me that the supervisor would call me the very next day. Of course, we never received any call. And yes, on our bill was yet another $1/day &quot;Line Access Fee&quot; for the phone in our room, even though we never used it once. When I asked the front desk person about the $1 charge, she shrugged and said &quot;yeah, I know that is the dumbest thing you've probably ever seen but the hotel manager wants it there so there is nothing I can do about it&quot;. So, it seems that the management is the true cause of the hotel being 100% crap and pulling ridiculous $1 scams.The food was okay, the casino is very small. Overall, this was a terrible experience and I highly... HIGHLY... recommend anyone young and looking for fun in Vegas to stay at the Hard Rock or Planet Hollywood since both have excellent clubs and much (MUCH) better management and service.	
Jul 1 2008 	The Palms Hotel is Great BUt THE FRONT DESK STAFF NEEDS TO GO!!	I stayed at the PLAMS for the second time in three months JUNE 27 - 30th. I love the hotel, the slots pay great, the rooms are very nice and up to date, but THE FRONT DESK STAFF IS VERY RUDE AND TREATS YOU LIKE YOU ARE WOTHLESS. I came in after a 6 hour flight between the two 1 hour delays, from Chicago on a Friday, which is the only good day to begin on. The FRONT DESK STAFF person told me that my reservation was for May 27th and I had no reservation and that the hotel was booked solid... she was moving others to the Palms place because they over booked. I made my reservation for JUNE 27 - 30th. There was no way I could have made a reservation for May 27th becaus ethey were sold out for that entire weekend anyway. The woman said , at first , we will figure it out, she then called Expedia(WHICH I WILL NEVER USE AGAIN!!!) Expedia put her on hold for about 25 minutes... finally she said and I quote(I don't have time for this , I can be waiting on a phnoe all day. Step as far to the left as you can and hold the phone. You can wait for them to come on the phone.... next person&quot; I sat there for another 30 minutes. We were bumped and ignored and my girlfriend missed ssing Holly from the Girls Next Door by 10 minutes because of this. MY TRIP WAS RUINED. The manager came out after I left and asked the concierge to get him. He talked to Expedia after I got them on the phone... acted weird and said fine put them in a room. Expedia said that the PLAMS made a mistake... which must be true, because how could Expedia accidentally book me for the wrong day when the hotel was sold out for that weekend a month ago.. as it showed on their website when I booked this trip. I told the girl that Expedia said they put the information in incorrectly and she no &quot;No we didn't they must have&quot; Why did she even say anything. SHOULD ANYONE EVER SPEND AN HOUT CHECKING IN WHEN THEY PREPAID 1000 + dollars a month in advance. OUR TRIP WAS RUINED WITH NO COMPENSATION OR UPGRADES AT ALL!!Other people with no reservation got priority - although they we stuck in Plams Place. I don't understand why guests would be trated this way EVER!!	
Jun 26 2008 	My Birthday Ruined by the PALMS HOTEL (VEGAS)	- I wrote this to the front desk manager and havent even recieved word back. Mr. Coleman:  I was celebrating my birthday this weekend at your hotel and wanted to voice some concerns regarding your staff because not only was it upsetting but additionally it ruined my birthday which I went specifically to the Palms to celebrate. I arrived at Las Vegas on Thursday and stayed at the Venetian until my girlfriends arrived. Then Sunday night I had booked the Palms since it was the &quot;it&quot; place to be. Don't get me wrong, you have a beautiful hotel – but the staff at reception was un-welcoming and later once arriving at our room and heading down to the pool the bartenders in the pool area were completely out of line. I was sunbathing with my girlfriends by the pool ordering drinks all morning. It wasn't until 4pm when I went to go get everyone some Piña Colada's that the bartender asked me for ID. I simply smiled and told him that that day was my birthday, I had been ordering drinks all morning and that I was 26. He replied with a snotty : No ID No Drinks.I was appalled. Not only was he rude but he made me feel like a criminal. Not only did my tab total more than $200 – but this person was treating me like I was asking him to GIVE me a free drink. Regardless, I know that rules are rules and that they need ID in order to purchase a drink but what happened next is the true reason of this email.Seeing that I was upset, my girlfriends offered to purchase the drinks - since some had brought their IDs. We noticed that the group of girls next to us did just that (one baught drinks for all of them). So my friend went to purchase the drinks and again the snooty bartender said that one of us didn't have ID and that he needed all of our IDs in order to sell my friend drinks. This was a double standard for you see why did he sell the group of girls next to us 5 piña coladas and he refused service to my friend?The problem didn't end there. He then proceeded to ask security to pay us a visit – totally humiliating us in front of new friends we had made at the pool – and proceed to inform us that we had been cut off. That if I personally was seeing with a beverage in hand I would be kicked out of the pool area. As you can imagine my morning/afternoon was completely ruined. I could have gone up to get my ID but the fact that your hotel decided to cut off my friends as well made us so angry. You can be very sure that we will be telling our friends, family and colleagues about this experience.As I didn't want to further ruin my day, I decided to lounge by the pool (all this time by being watched closely by security guards) and then proceed up to my room. I was outraged by this experience. When I went to Bare at the Mirage they treated me like they wanted me to be there, like a guest, not like a teenager attempting to steal liquor. I did not file a complaint while at the Palms because as you can imagine I did not want to ruin the rest of my birthday.(I even had dinner reservations at NOVE which I cancelled for not wanting to spend time at your hotel!)I really hope this email helps your hotel live up to the reputation that it claims to have. To me, it was no different than staying at the Holiday Inn.Kindest Regards,	
Jun 22 2008 	Had a great time!	Just got back from 3 nights at the Palms. Our first 2 nights Wed &amp; Thurs the hotel was a little quiet and Fri it picked up for Ditch Friday. If you are looking for action pay the extra money and go on the weekend.During the week also be aware they have a lot of private events and close certain restaurants and THE POOL earlier. Both Wed and Thurs they closed the pool around 2pm. The new property Palms Place has a pool you can use.On Friday we decided to buy the front of the line pass at Vegas.com. We didn't want to wait in line and wanted the freedom to go to any of the clubs. It cost a bit but was well worth it.Make sure to ask at the front desk to be upgraded to the Fantasy Tower. They did it for us at no extra charge. :)	
Jun 21 2008 	Crossed my Palms with Silver	Imagine...you've worked hard for five months, sacrificed your social life to save for the road trip of a lifetime and you're starting this life changing Gran Turismo in the party capital of the world with your best friends you haven't seen for three years and now you have to choose a hotel. 'Holiday' or 'Vacation'- the name can be extremely misleadingly.After a few perfunctory phone calls to friends in the know, they recommended that we plan to reside in the Palms, being that it had been responsible for the majority of obscene celebrity party stories in the press for the past few months and (like everywhere in Vegas), there were no clocks, the slots paid out surprisingly well and the pool scene was disgustingly 'Vegas'. It sounded good to us.Following our ten hour flight, all I desired was for us to be whisked to our room in matter of minutes and that the lobby resounded with the chatter of a thousand slot machines to wake up my jet lagging mind. It didn't disappoint. There is a certain clean serenity to the lobby where so much debauchery allegedly takes place, but when the weary traveler is faced with this, alongside a smiling receptionist (with very funky nails) who upgrades you for free in a matter of minutes to a suite in the fantasy tower, you know you're in for a very smooth ride indeed.This place is just fun - good honest fun. It doesn't disguise itself with thematic restaurants, ridiculous decor and shouts its accolades at every conceivable moment - what the Palms delivers are good times handed to you sweetly and with a very broad smile. The staff know you're going to love it and you can tell. I have never been more charmed by smugness in my entire life, but then that's Vegas for you.The rooms you spend the least of your time in still beg for more of it, with humongous bath tubs, awesomely stocked mini-bars, luxurious white beds and wrap around windows that invite you to just languish on the floor with the lights off and be dazzled by the twinkling of a thousand neon lights at night. We did, I heartily recommend it.We ate in the heavens at Alize which had the view, but unfortunately lacked the opulence we hoped for as the service was particularly poor. Sum 41 were eating at a few tables down from us - so it might have been a slow night? The Ghostbar possesses a cinematic view of the strip, although the inside did lack in soul somewhat but then you just neck another Dirty Martini and forget about it whilst you laugh at how ridiculously OTT all of this is.The cabanas are well worth parting with your play money for as the service is excellent, so much so as I was given factor 50 sunblock by a Monolith of a security guard who was more interested in the well being of my skin than in throwing me out for an alcoholic misdemeanor. You wouldn't get this in good old Blighty I can tell you.Unfortunately, on account of my complete lack of sleep due to Virgin Atlantic and alcohol - we missed the Playboy Club, but were told in the morning that it was utterly everything you would expect from a club brandishing itself with a Playboy logo - I was gutted, but then I needed my strength for the 6 hour drive across Death valley and the desert to San Diego the next day.The morning we departed, we checked out easily with no surprises. We were very happy to pay handsomely for all the little extras we had, which has to tell you something about our stay. Broad smiles and laughter all round as we left, but not before breakfast. However, for some unknown reason, with everything else on offer being so good, the Palms kitchens can't cook eggs to order to save its life. Our companion sending hers back three times. Oh well, something had to give...	
Jun 19 2008 	WORST hotel experience of 40 yrs of travel.	I went for The Burlesque Hall of Fame Convention, Museum, and Contest in June 08. A womens' event, this was the worst booking for it, as this hotel is for men, and men only! The room had terrible lighting in the bathroom, no mirror above the vanity table and was decorated in brown beige and wood. The store downstairs had no make-up, toiletries, nail supplies, bobby pins, brushes, NOTHING for women! We had to go to Wal-Mart for everything.The staff were consistently extremely rude to downright ignoring to anyone who wasn't 25, white, and/or male and rich. Many of the young women at the convention had tattoos and in the elevators were called &quot;freaks&quot; by the &quot;beautiful&quot; crowd loud enough to for the ladies to hear. The drunk rude Frat boys all kept being insulting, pushing, etc, one almost knocked down one of our 80 yr old legends(like Tempest Storm but not as famous) and bouncer style creepy 6'2&quot; 230# won't look you in the eyes security guys were EVERYwhere, but didn't care about that or us. Expensive food not worth it, wound up eating at the food court as I didn't want to give them any of my money. if you're older, a woman, or not white or rich, stay away!	
Jun 16 2008 	Nice	We went to Las Vegas in March 2008. We stayed 3 nights/4 days.Although sunny when we went, I'm glad we packed jeans and sweaters. The weather is unpridictable and can change day to day, it was cold the first 2 days we were there and by day 3 and 4 we were @ the pool.Let me say something about that pool. . . . WOW! It's really nice. The pool staff is extremley polite. You can choose to lounge on chairs, or pay for a cabana. We just used the lounge chairs provided and had a great time. We had a light lunch by the pool which was good but got a little expensive. Upon check-in we received 2 complimentary admissions to &quot;Ghost Bar&quot;. I beleive it's on the 55th floor. As with most places in Vegas ~ dress to impress! It was a nice upscale bar and the outside roof bar and patio area had great views of the strip and surrounding area. Our bar tab was out of hand though. Our own fault but 3 rounds of drinks for two ended up @ over $100 after tip. That was the only club we went to while staying there because Rain was closed. Moon was open one night but we were on the strip then and werent up for it after we got back.We spent very little time in our room (as expected). The bathroom was roomy. Could have been more storage space though. Our clothes bareley fit in the closet &amp; drawers provided. We ended up with a room with a double bed. We ended up sleeping in both of them (we dismissed housekeeping one day). The beds were very comfy! It was nice to have shades that kept out unwanted sunlight so we were able to sleep in. We tipped our housekeeping $20 for our entile stay. When they cleaned up they did a FAB job! We walked in on them once and they were so polite, asked how we were enjoying our stay and if there was anthing special we wanted them to do for our room. They kinda went above and beyond bc we were not the neatest guest while there. We were they to sleep and change quickley. The restraunts there were just ok. The 24/7 cafe was pretty good. The buffett was blah! We ate @ the buffet 3x. Once breakfast, and 2 lunches. There was a food court with Panda Express &amp; McDonalds. Best meal we had while in Vegas was actaully @ Margaritaville on the Strip-inexpensive and very tastey! The Casino part of the Hotel was a lot smaller than I thought it would be. But we just stuck with the $10 roulette (won some $$) and slots. For being a Maloof hotel (owners of the Sacramento Kings) we expected an out of this world sports bar. Nope. Just a circular bar with flat screens around. Bar staff was nice though.The Rio Hotel is across the street (kinda), we walked there. . . only took 5 mins. While there we went bowling @ Lucky Strike. Had a great time! Oh there is a movie theater @ the Palms also. Nice. After check out we had 5 hours to kill so we went and seen a movie! If you want a tattoo there is the Hart &amp; Hunintion Tattoo shop. Kinda neat to peek thru &amp; see whats going on. The Playboy store is pricey but fun to go into. The Palms store snacks, drinks and bathroom things you might have forgotten. Overall it was a nice Hotel with polite staff. I wouldn't say it was overpriced because everything in Vegas is expensive in general.	
Jun 13 2008 	My favorite hotel in Vegas.....	I used to live in Vegas a while ago and now my wife and I go back about 2-3 times a year and we ALWAYS try and stay at the Palms. I know locals dont really go out of their way to go to a Hotel/Casino in or around the strip but I would. The people at the hotel are nice, Ive eaten at all but 2 of the restaurants, and have been to all the clubs. The last time we went to Vegas we stayed at the Palms for 3 nights and we made up our minds that we were ONLY going to due stuff in the hotel (since we go all the time, we pretty much seen everything in vegas). Believe it or not, it was not that hard to do. The have a food court along with the fine dining, a movie theater, and a large sports book to watch all the games and such. We did leave the hotel only around midnight and walked across the street to Gold Coast becasue they have a $2.99 steak and eggs breakfast because most if not all of the places to eat at the Palms are closed by then. We have stayed in both towers and have stayed in regular rooms and we have stayed in a suite. Both were great just dont touch or pick up any of the Palms stuff in the room becasue you will be charged for it, it you dont believe me...try it. Yes all the clubs are cool and they are expensive to drink in but just drink for free in the casino before you go up. I will stay there as many times as I can as long as its open. Peace out from Dallas.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great stay at the Palms will return!	Just returned from a 4 night golf trip to Vegas in which we stayed at the Palms. We were 4 guys from Vancouver ranging in age from 34 to 43. We arrived at the hotel on Monday at about 1pm hoping to check in to our two rooms. Only one room was ready, which was not a big deal since we just wanted to drop off our bags before heading to the course. But by the time we got back from the car, the desk clerk saw us and informed us that the second room was also ready. Our rooms were in the original tower and they were a bit on the smaller side, but they were clean and the beds were really comfortable. The bathrooms were actually quite large. The casino itself is also on the smaller side compared to the other much bigger casinos. However, our group actually found this to be a plus since we could all go off and do our own thing and not have to really look to find each other. Since we were there during the week, we never had a problem finding a table to play blackjack on. It became noticeably busier on Thursday with the weekend crowd arriving. The pool was great. No problem getting lounge chairs in the mid afternoon. The pool has a large center bar and a you can order food to be delivered to your spot. The pool has a lively atmosphere and but was relaxing at the same time. Also this was our first midweek trip to Vegas and we were quite surprised to find that the girl to guy ratio is about 7 to 1 from Monday to Wednesday at the pool. It was a very pleasant surprise. By Thursday afteroon the ratio shifted to about 60/40 guys to girls.The Palms has 4 separate nightclubs on the premises. We went to two of them and had a great time It's a lively fun hotel, slanted towards a younger crowd. But by no means was it all just young people. Also it not being on the strip was actually a plus for us since we had a car for golf and the hotel had easy highway access. We booked 3 nights and got the 4th night free and found the Palms to be way beyond what we expected for the price we paid. We were all very happy with our stay and the Palms and are already planning our return trip there next year!!	
Jun 4 2008 	Stay Away!!!	I have copied the complaint letter I wrote to the Palms Hotel below. We encountered problem, after problem with the hotel and ended up switching hotels after one night. I beg any other travelers to really look around. Right now being summer, there are SO many other great hotels with great service, the Palms, not so much.My letter:Erin-We just returned from our hectic stay in Las Vegas. As you are aware, we started out at the Palms Hotel. Due to several continuing issues, we checked out around 5:30pm June 2 and moved hotels. We started out our visit with issues with the wrong room, wrong package and on and on. We paid extra upon check in to &quot;upgrade&quot;. When I called Trip Res, we were told that we were supposed to be in the room we paid the &quot;upgrade&quot; for. The original suite we were in was filthy, has a used condom under the bed and holes in the furniture and couch, hardly what I consider acceptable.When we moved to our second room, we still had issues with the Trip Res package we had booked. This went on for awhile after you had left for the day, again, not a huge deal. However, the air conditioning did not work properly during the night. The thermostat was set at 55 degrees and yet the room was extremely warm. The next morning, June 2nd, we went to the front desk and asked for the room to be serviced for the air conditioning. We returned to the room around 4pm, only to find the air conditioning still not working properly. The thermostat was not reading the temperature correctly in the room, causing it not to work. We have a daughter with severe asthma and allergies and need good air circulation in the room. There was dust and smoke smell in the room. Within 10 minutes she had an asthma attack. Down to the front desk again I went to see if you were available or another manager. No one was around. In the morning, when we asked for the air to be fixed the first time I insisted SOMEONE from management contact me to discuss these issues. No one ever did. I find it very hard to believe from 11am until 5pm, no one was available. I left both my and my husband's cell phone numbers.At this point, we were just done. Again, we were offered to for the third time switch rooms to yet a even smaller room, which is not what we paid for. So we checked out right then and there. The front desk agent listened to what I had told her and our nightmare of a stay. She said she would discuss it with the manager ( once she found him) and try to credit us back for our 2 nights. Now, at NO point was I ever told, we could have checked out early. I was told we could not. Had I know this, we would have left the night before. She promised me someone from management would call me. This was June 2nd. It is now June 4th and no one ever called.Erin, we travel to Vegas every 3-5 weeks and were really looking forward to a stay at the Palms. From the very minute we checked in, to the unexpected check out we were not only disappointed, but shocked at the lack of customer service. I still have no idea what happened to the money we paid for our &quot;upgrade&quot;, or better yet, why no one ever bothered to call us from management in the past 2 days? Is customer service that unimportant? I expect a FULL refund of the 2 nights we paid for in advance. I am also forwarding this letter to American Express, the Arizona Attorney General and Trip Res.com. I would hate to see any other customers be treated this poorly. Please feel free to contact me anytime at***********Sincerely-Kim Puente	
Jun 3 2008 	Great atmoshere and value for money at the Palms	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Palms in March 2008 for 4 nights on our 1st trip to Vegas (hopefully the 1st of many). It was a very last minute thing, and I was looking forward to it more than him, however, his opinion quickly changed ! I might just mention now that we like to be surrounded by luxury and comfort and this, along with a great atmosphere and central location often influences our choice of hotel ! Before leaving Ireland we noticfied the hotel of our late arrival (10pm). We actually arrived at 11pm, due to the fact that we had to pick up our rental car at the airport and this took longer than we expected. The hotel is approx 10-15 mins drive from airport. (and depending on the room you get you can see planes landing and taking off!) Even though we arrived so late, we were greeted kindly by the valet assistant and the bellboy and escorted straight to check in. There were no ques which was great b/c we were ready for bed after a long flight! The girl at check-in was lovely, very helpful and in good form and acknowleged that we were Irish and that it was St Patricks Day. We were pleasantly surprised when she informed us about the different hotels and spots which were celebrating the holiday ! She provided us with complimentry passes to all the clubs and recommended the NINE restaraunt for food. (I would not recommend it - I'll tell you why later!)We asked for a room with a strip view on a high floor and we weren't dissapointed ! We stayed on the 27th floor in the Palms tower. Although the rooms were pretty basic, its what we expected for what we paid(€260 for 4 nights-reasonable enough).The rooms were large and the bathroom was fairly sizeable too! I was delighted to find Aveda shower goodies and these were topped up daily !We hit the hay but woke up early the next morn! We ate breakfast at the buffet ( $17 for 2 people) which is in the main lobby area each day and I have to say it was surprisingly good value for money, I'm a picky eater and I had plenty to choose from, my boyf was in breakfast heaven when he saw the selection! After a day of sightseeing on the Strip we returned to find our room had been cleaned thouroughly. This was the case each day of our stay and we left a nice tip for the cleaning lady. We skipped dinner that night as we had a huge late lunch and we headed to Ghostbar. We loved it there !!! The atmoshere was electric and to top it all off the VIEW was amazing ! A must for anyone visiting Vegas for the 1st time ! We met two guys form New York who were lovely and we had great craic with them!**So, overall, so far so good !! Then....the only lowlight of the trip -NINE......Based on the reviews we read, my boyf made a reservation early one morning for NINE steakhouse for that night through the concierge, the guy was lovely and assured us that the reservation was made. We headed off to the Grand Canyon for a day trip, we barley ate all day as the food was mediocre and overpriced so you can imagine we were famished when we returned to the Palms at 7pm. Our dinner reservation was for 8pm, so we quickly showered and changed into our finery and made our way to the restaraunt. Upon entering, it is worth noting how apparent it is that you are in the company of wealthy guests and fellow diners (excuse me for being so blatent about it but thats just how it was) Really looking forward to our meal only to be told by a ditzy young lady who was no more interested in her job than the man on the moon, that we had NO RESERVATION under our name and that there were no tables available. After insisting that we had very much so made a reservation that morning, she proceeded to insult us even further by suggesting we were at the wrong restaraunt !! I'm sure I was showing how agitated I was at this stage so after calling all the other restaraunts in the hotel (and confirming that we were not eating in any of them), she told us to take a seat at the bar and wait to be accomodated on such short notice (Ehhh WE HAD A RESERVATION!!). So we waited ! We were served at the bar by a really lovely guy (who happened to be from Ireland but was living in Vegas for the last 20 years). He gave us complimentary drinks and offered us bar food appetisers while we waited but we declined. 35 minutes later and THREE trips to ask where our table was we were rudely told by miss ignorant to wait our turn while we watched high rollers be attended to immedialtley (and probably with no reservation too !!). This was soo not the service we were expecting so we left NINE to dine elsewhere. It kind of ruined our evening and for this reason I would recommend you stay away, or get your reservation in writing !!!On our last night we hit Ghostbar again, and had a really good time again, we decided to leave and check out the Playboy Club but got side-tracked and ended up in Moon in the Fantasy Tower !! Savage nightclub although I think it may be a little over-hyped but none the less we still had a fantastic night with breath-taking views of the Strip agian ! A far stretch from any night club iin Dublin!!On Friday after some more shopping and sightseeing on the Strip we decided to check out the pool and being Ditch Friday the place was really lively ! Great music, great weather and great drinks, one of the many hightlights of the trip, however we were checking out that afternoon so couldn't stay long but it was the perfect way to end a fantastic trip to Vegas !!Overall, I would return, great value for money, not on the Srtip but close enough to all the action for us!! Steer clear of NINE and you'll be fine !!!	
May 31 2008 	Perfect for 20's and 30's	Staff was helpful. Property was outstanding. Pool and spa were fantastic. Clubs, bars and restaurants were all above average with great service. Pool staff and poker room staff were exceptional. My wife and I stayed there for or 10th wedding anniversary. We are in our early thirties. Palms made for a perfect getaway.	
May 25 2008 	Ok but there are better choices	The hotel itself was nice but the staff (some) were not very helpful. We were in Vegas for 5 days, first 3 at TI and then we went to the Palms for the last 2. Bad impression right off when we arrived. We took a cab from TI to the Palms, when we got there there was no bell hop to assist with bags, it was 2 in the afternoon and there were not a lot of cars pulling in, so I lugged our bags (over 100 deg outside) to the front desk to check in and THEN a guy came up and asked if we needed help with our bags. Of couse I declined. The front desk staff was upity. Come on people you're working a desk at a hotel! The room service staff was very nice, the room itself was very nice and clean.We ate at &quot;9&quot; Steakhouse in the hotel. We did not have a reservation and decided to go ahead and have dinner seated at the bar. The service we got was awesome, best we had the whole trip. the bartender was very attentive and anticipated everything without bugging. I never sat at a bar for dinner and had such a great time, by the way the food was great also.. I probably won't stay there again but I would definately recommend the restaurant .	
May 23 2008 	Back to the Strip	We spent four nights at The Palms the fourth night free. We were very aware of the location as we try to go to Las Vegas once a year. WE decided to give it a try and we were not disappointed. Our room was bright and well located with a view of the pool and able to watch the planes coming and going. The pool area was always clean and well maintained. We went down every morning for a swim and had no problem getting chairs. The water is a perfect temperature. Service at the pool was great and the chicken wraps yummy! We ate at the Nine and it was delicious and pricey (best creme brulle). The casino was not kind to us we did better across the street at the Gold Coast and the Rio. This hotel is well secured and you feel safe there. Yes it is a young hotel but that did not bother us as we enjoy seeing people have fun at any age. Although we have only good memories of The Palms we will be back on the strip next year as there is simply more to do at your doorstep.	
May 20 2008 	No Snacks at the Palms!!!	Preface: Fifteen HOT GIRLS on a bachelorette party staying in two separate three room suites (includes two queen beds, one couch, king bed and two and a half baths) at the rate of $1000 per night ranging in age from 23 to 26.Vegas is a place where casinos and hotels love having hot girls, not to be conceded---the proof is in the pictures---stay at their hotels. The Palms, on the other hand, is apparently a place where real people with this common knowledge or even the knowledge of “treat people as you would like to be treated” don’t exist. The staff (if that’s what you would call it) is well, lacking in just about every area.Firstly, we arrived on May 2 at about 10:00 am to the Palms pool to find absolutely no chairs available---not exactly what I was expecting when we were paying $4,000 to stay two nights at this hotel. One lifeguard (who we named pretty eyes) did get four chairs for us (we tipped $20) but that was the extent of the poolside service that day. While it was the “Miller Presents Opening Ditch Fridays,” guest should always come first before shady locals that seemed to take over this place (I’m pretty sure we even spotted several “ladies of the night”/or “day” if you are staying at the Palms). After spending a couple of hours at the pool we tried to order food, but the waitresses created all kinds of loopholes to not serve us. The food runners told us a waitress would be by but none ever showed up. So, I ordered from the bartender but then I had to come back 15 minutes later to pick it up and then again, had to wait in line after people ordering drinks even though my food was sitting just steps away and I had already paid---absolutely absurd.Secondly, our rooms were supposed to be ready by 4:00 pm at the latest. At around 5:00 pm I called the manager at the front desk to explain to him that we had to get into our rooms because we had fifteen girls that needed to get ready. His response: “check in technically goes through 7:00 pm, but since you have 15 girls we can maybe get you on the list at one of our clubs.” The rooms were ready soon after but I felt like saying, “thanks [profanity], but we already have a table at Tryst tonight which absolutely blows away any of the Palms clubs---all I want is my [profanity] room.” Thirdly, the rooms look like they haven’t been updated in years. Best description I can give is old office furniture and lighting that is non-existent in the bathroom. The space was large and the comforters were nice, but that is the extent of the positives in this place. In short, don’t ever stay here but if you do get standard rooms.Fourthly, the casino is nothing special and the restaurant selection and staff combined equals a bad idea. Stay away from 24/7 (food is bland and they don’t want to serve you water---I will explain the water situation later). Lastly, and most importantly, this place must have a water ban. I don’t get it. They pretty much refuse to serve you water at the pool or anywhere else even though you are still tipping for it. I pretty much drank heavily both nights and drank during the day Saturday and sometimes a girl just needs a glass of water to prevent having a heart attack. I even ordered water at McDonald’s and they were out---I mean they ran out of bottled water and they didn’t have regular water and it’s a McDonald’s---unbelievable!!! The best part about it all is that they force you to throw away any drinks before you go into the pool. So even though we had just bought bottled water in their gift shop directly outside the pool, it had to go directly in the trash only for them to not serve us when we got in there. Oh, and the last day the door woman went through my friend’s purse and she had a 100 calorie pack in it from the plane and the woman goes, “NO SNACKS AT THE PALMS.” Not only is this ridiculous, but to use the word “snack” over “food or drink” is honestly just comical. Shows the level of intelligence you have to have to work here.Bottom line, everyone “working” at the Palms is looking for a handout. They want to get tipped big, but they don’t want to work. And sadly Palms staff, that isn’t how the world works---not even in Vegas. We were really excited because it’s so hyped up, but honestly that’s all this place is. If I were Maloof I would slowly fire, retrain and rehire every staff member working here from top to bottom. With the economy in recession, there is no way a hotel like this will continue to do well amongst such phenomenal competition.My fiancé and crew stayed at the Venetian and the rooms were phenomenal, the casino was beautiful and Tao Beach was amazing. If you are looking for a fun pool (which is really the Palms' only attraction), definitely check out Venetian.	
May 15 2008	9th Time in Vegas 9 hotels just stay on the strip	I just stayed at the Palms and it was an ok hotel. I went to Vegas with my 22yr old son and he liked this hotel a lot. I am of course older and felt just a tad out of my place. The price of the room and a view of the pool I wasn't complaining. Drab decor though. Went to Alize and was absolutely the best food I have ever had in Vegas. Ate at buffet ok, Garduno's wasn't impressed, 24/7 was fine for a quick bite, don't forget they have a food court and MCD's is always an option. But the best is Blue Agave for a margarita. Only thing I didn't like was they charged me a $1.00 a day to have a phone in my room that I never used, and also a damage/room deposit of a $100/day. I tried twice at check in and out to figure out what this deposit was for actually and was only told that it would be discharged from my credit card in 72hrs after I checked out of the hotel. Check in was a snap and so was check out. I was not impressed with the hired help at the front desk. The Bell boys were making crude comments to me when I gave the one guy who brought out my luggage his $1 tip. I only gave them one dollar because my son had one suitcase and I had a suitcase and a carry on. I had piggy backed my carry on to my suitcase, and when the suitcases came out my carry on was on my son's suitcase and not on mine. OH, you think they went through my cases. Yeah, I figured that too. I liked the casino here but the waitresses were a pain. They didn't help women I noticed, but the men got all the attention in the world.	
May 11 2008 	Past it's prime	We stayed at the Palms for three nights at the beginning of May 2008. There were several reasons why we decided on the hotel...1) The group we were traveling with had already booked their rooms 2) The nightlife 3) The pool. CHECK IN: Check in was painless. We were fortunate to meet DJ at the front desk who was extremely friendly and informative. He provided us with passes to the nightclubs and even upgraded our room to the Fantasy Tower superior. Our flight arrived early and we were checked in by 1 PM.ROOM: The superior room in the fantasy tower was nice. LCD TV, nice bathroom with jacuzzi tub, and two double beds. One of the beds was actually broken and in horrible shape. After going back down to the front desk and advising the staff of the problem , the bed was replaced within a few hours. It was extremely comfortable and wasn't a big deal. They gave us the option to change rooms, but it wasn't worth it after already unpacking.POOL: The pool area at the Palms is nice. We went everyday and the best day was definately Friday (Ditch Friday). Packed with people, yet alot of fun. Service was mediocre at best and I found some of the bartenders so overwhelmed that they were nasty to some of the people waiting. If you don't go on Friday, there are less people. CASINO: Very small with not enough tables. We gambled at the other casinos more than the Palms. Mediocre dealers at the Palms and absolutely no excitement here.RESTAURANTS: We had dinner at Nove Italiano and it was excellent from the food to the service. Worth the money. We also dined at the restaurant &quot;24/7&quot; and it easily had the worst service I've received at a restaurant in five (yes 5) years. SLOW, SLOWER, SLOWEST. Every customer in there was obviously upset and I can't see how they survive on tips. There is also a food court at the Palms with your average fast food and a coffee shop serving three dollar coffee (per cup). Not even Starbucks. NIGHTCLUBS: I think many people travel to the Palms for the nightlife. Well, look elsewhere, the Palms has been left behind by all the clubs on the strip. Ghostbar was cool with a view , but the guy to girl ratio is 65/35 and the drinks were about 10 a pop. Wouldn't care about the price, but the place just has a view now. Not that fun. We also witnessed a girl's purse and camera get jacked from her table when she got up for a few minutes. Security came and tried to rectify the situation. They found out who took the items but DID NOT throw the dude out. Come on. As for Moon. Again, nice view and same price on drinks. At least here you get a dance floor and a retractable roof. Other than that, pretty lame. Playboy Club was cool if you like a lounge type place. It's really nice but more like a place to gamble, smoke cigars and sip scotch while you take in the atmosphere. Last but not least Rain. I remember Rain three years ago when it was one of the best clubs in Vegas. Now? Easily one of the worst. Guy/Girl ratio was 80/20 (scary). Thankfully we had comp admission and did not have to wait on the line b/c the place....sucked. The Palms can no longer compete with the newer clubs/bars elsewhere in Vegas. CHECK OUT Just a few notes here. Our flight was departing very late so I asked if we could check out three hours past normal time, understanding that they couldn't let us stay too long. I figured a nominal fee but got a quote of $250.00 for the extra three (yes 3) hours. I also noticed some extra charges on our room bill for things from the in room bar that we never took. They were removed.SUMMARY The Palms is your average off the strip hotel. It's all hype that they have been living off of since 2004. If you go, stop by for DItch Fridays at the pool or have dinner at Nove Italiano. Stay away from the clubs unless you like to party with all men. There are so many other places to go in Vegas and the hotel is not convenient nor is it what it used to be. Horrible hotel? No. Mediocre with few bright spots, yes. I don't intend on returning.	
May 2 2008 	yeahhhhhh	Amazing place. Everything you need all in one spot. If you are ever in the area this place is a MUST. It is a little pricey but it is really worth every penny. I probably wouldnt recommend for children or wives but perfect spot for singles and young or older travelers who like to have a good time.	
May 1 2008 	Party but don't stay	Awful hotel. Nice party site but not a place to stay. Rooms are aout the quality of and size of a 2 star hotel. Every night we could hear normal conversation and traffic from the streat. We were on the 16th floor. The casino was dark and uninvting. There really wasn't anything enjoyable about the hotel as a place to stay.	
Apr 25 2008 	Business trip at the Palms	Stayed for 5 nights in April 2008 for a business trip. Check in and out was very smooth. Room very spacious, clean and comfortable. Lots of security. No balcony but good view of the mountains. Excellent toiletries including toothpaste, deodorant, etc. Food was very expensive - $2.50 for a soda in the mini bar and meals at the restaurants in the $40+ range. This hotel is for the elite young partying crowd, not for average people on vacation. There was constant loud contemporary music playing everywhere. People were very dressed up (like in a fashion magazine) all times of the day. It is a mile from the strip so you have to take a taxi for $11 each way (no sidewalks to walk to it). Pool area is small....I did not use it but others complained that there was no place to lounge. The casino is not very spacious and full of smokers...both cigarettes and cigars. There was no escape from the smoke as the reception area and several restaurants are a few feet from the border of the casino. The hotel has free valet parking which was very efficient. Every employee that I came in contact with was very professional and friendly. Although the accomodations were fine, I would not stay here again due to the location and atmosphere.	
Apr 20 2008 	Stay Away!!!	Unless you are 21-25 and are into the club scene, save your money!!! The hotel is the furthest away from the strip, the casino is a joke (run by kids) and the minimum bets are twice what they are at nicer casinos like the Bellagio and MGM. My wife and I were kept awake until 4AM by a party going on in the room next to us, and all the front desk could was to put us on hold! The staff are just as young and rude as the partiers that turn the resort into a loud, dressed-up frat party. I do not understand what resort these reviewers are referring to--but it can't possibly be the same Palms we stayed at. Save your money and stay at the Bellagio, Paris, Monte Carol, MGM, or the Venetian. The Palms &quot;took us&quot; for $1400 and we never gambled a dime there.	
Apr 9 2008 	Excellent All Year Round!!!	This hotel is perfect for the party goers...I absolutely do not recommend this hotel to families or anyone looking for a romantic getaway...The Palms pool is the place to be during the day, people are still partying from the night before and the music is pumped to the max and will get anyone going...There were 7 girls in our group and we had the best time ever!!! Just a tip, if you want to get a seat at the pool go down early and try and reserve some, otherwise they're all gone by 10am and you'll have to stand around...The service was great, absolutely no complaints at all...Rooms are spacious, clean, and fairly modern...If you have a chance book a diner at N9NE Steakhouse, the food is amazing!!! Trust me the menu has more of a seafood selection than steak...best lobster bisque ever!!!	
Apr 7 2008 	Great Time at The Palms	After reading some of the reviews on this site I was a little skeptical about staying at The Palms, especially since my husband and I love the Hard Rock. Now after our stay in the middle of March, this is now my favorite hotel in Las Vegas. Everyone we came in contact with in hotel, from the front desk, player's club membership, dealers and the waiter at Nove all went out of their way to make our stay a positive one. Everyone was extremely nice and helpful. The casino is a perfect size, you don't get lost going to the bathroom. Plenty of open tables and slot machines. The room was in the original tower and was very nice with a decent view. We got free passes to Ghostbar, Moon and the Playboy club. We saw Matchbox Twenty at The Pearl and enjoyed every minute of it. This is a great venue for concerts. We are in our early 40's and did not feel out of place at all in this hotel and will recommend it.	
Mar 23 2008 	Overrated	We stayed at the Palms for my friends bachelor party and I have to say that I was somewhat disappointed due to all the hype. I would much rather stay on the strip. If this hotel was located on the strip my opinion may be different.I've stayed at the Venetian, Bellagio, Mirage, and others on the strip and had a great experience. The Palms lacks in too many areas.The rooms at the hotel were serviceable. We were group of about 15 and we had 4 rooms and 2 suites. All of which were decent. One of the suites was outrageous.The spa was a joke compared to other hotel spas. The massage I had was decent at best.The clubs and pool were cool. Wish I was about 7 yrs younger though, LOL. I would stay away from the steakhouse. Way overrated and at that those prices there are much better steakhouse options in Vegas.Overall I would recommend this hotel to twenty somethings to early thirties who are more interested in being by the hot clubs instead of gaming, fine dining and nicer accomodations. I personally would much rather visit the Palms nightlife and stay somewhere with nicer facilities and a better location.	
Mar 13 2008 	Pretty Good	Booked junior suite for 6 nights in December on a deal from tripres.com for $72 a night. For the price, def worth it. However, if I was paying retail of around $200 a night, I'd look for something on the strip, since there's not much to walk to around the hotel, and the strip is around a 20-25 minute walk. Room was in the old tower but pretty nice, lot of room and new, very comfortable bedding. Didn't go to Vegas for the rooms anyway. Casino was nice but much smaller than other hotels. If one was looking for a more intimate casino experience then the Palms would be good. We went to Moon one night since my friend was betting $100-$1000 hands, so everything was compted and we got a VIP room. Clubbing isn't really my thing (I'm married) but the view was amazing and the $1000 bottle of Blue Label was pretty good (comped, thank G-d). My friend's ID and credit card were actually stolen from the club, but the casino caught the guy the next day so he got it back. All in all had a good time, but I think next time I'd def pick something mid-strip.	
Mar 4 2008 	Nightlife fun fun fun	It was my second visit to Vegas during my stay in the US. I stayed in the downtown are on my first visit and was a bit dissapointed with it! Thus, the location of the Palms is no so perfect, the facilities of the hotel made made my stay perfect! I spent there a whole weekend and enjoyed the nightlife. There are 4 nigght clubs with the great music and atmosphere. The view of Vegas from the playboy club is spectacular! I came to Vegas for fun and I got it, even by the pool during the day hours. The room was quite large with the good view and a big bathroom. Pool is a very nice place to entertain during the day hours. Restaurants are very good, classy! Service is outstanding, i felt very good in the hotel. The only let down, as I have already mentioned is the location. Too far from the strip. You should take a cab or their regualr shuttles, but it is not comfortabble.The price they charge for the rooms i think is ok . By the way Las Vegas is not an expensive city accomodation vise , and is considerabely cheaper than other major cities i visited in the US. I recommend this hotel for entertainment seeking people!	
Feb 28 2008 	Overrated - Stay away	After over 50 visits to Las Vegas hotels for business and pleasure in my life, I'd have to say that the Palms is the most overrated hotel I've ever experienced. I have stayed there 4 times and each time gets worse. This last time, we arrived for a conference and looking forward to a brief rest before heading out for a meeting. The front desk informed us that they had given away our prepaid room because we arrived there late. After a lengthy but futile conversation with the front desk clerk, we were referred to the assistant manager which led to an even more frustrating discussion about how they are legally allowed to give away rooms even if the rooms were fully prepaid. Luckily, we found availability at the Bellagio so we left. Stay away from this hotel unless you want to be treated like a number on their spreadsheet. The Palms is also geared towards a younger but shadier crowd.	
Feb 27 2008 	Palms Playboy Palace	The Palms resort is great for people in their early twenties to mid thirties. The rooftop club is mind-boggling, and the Playboy Club is pretty cool too. The pool-scene is nice, casino is small and the hotel is pretty far off the strip. We walked across the street to some HillBilly hotel to catch the shuttle to the strip as this was free as opposed to taking a taxi to and from the strip every day. The pizza and italian food in this hotel is horrible and over priced. The beds are really comfy and the rooms and bathrooms are kept really clean. I had a great time and slept well when needed. One more thing, regardless what building you are in, the higher up you stay, the more you will hear the bass thumping at night from the nightclub on the roof of the playboy tower. Keep that in mind especially if you go to bed early or have kids.	
Feb 10 2008 	This was a let down	This hotel is all hype. I would have left early but booked through travelworm and they were not going to refund my $$ if I checked out into another hotel. I don't like paying for simple services that are generally free in most hotels. $13 a day for internet and $25 for the gym is a little annoying. All the clubs and bars were decent. As a hotel guest you can get into the Ghostbar for free except on fridays and saturdays. The others charge between $20 to $40 to get in. The french restaurant Alize on the top floor was awesome, but extremely expensive. Great view of the city at night and very romantic. I will probably never stay here again. There are better hotels on the strip and if you like the nightlife here then just cab it!	
Jan 29 2008 	Stayed there with small children...	and had a great time. I was a bit concerned about going to a hotel with such a &quot;party&quot; rep with two small kids, but it was never a problem.We had booked the lowest tier room through an online discount site but were automatically upgraded to the Fantasy Tower. The gentleman at the desk said we'd be more comfortable with the kids in those rooms. The queen beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was huge. The room was also remarkably quiet - we heard no noise for the three nights we were there. The kids went to Kids Quest, a childcare facility right off the casino floor, for an hour each day while mommy and daddy gambled. The staff was extremely nice and we felt very safe with our kids there. The kids had a ball playing video games and ordering up slushies at the kiddie bar. We had a rental car, so the rest of our trip was spent out and about (there are lots of things to do with kids in vegas - hiking at Red Rocks, the children's museum, pinball hall of fame, chocolate factory). Whenever we came back to The Palms, it was only a short, easy walk to the room. The casino isn't horribly smoky during the day and shady characters were few and far between. At night the crowd does get younger and rowdier, but we were upstairs asleep by then. The closest we came to party animals was early Sunday morning - as I was exiting the elevator with my kids to go to breakfast a group of 20somethings were just coming in from a hard night out. Everyone involved found it amusing. A downside: The buffet was &quot;meh&quot; at best. We did a dinner and a breakfast there and were unimpressed. It's not worth it. Go to Luxor for breakfast or Red Rocks Resort (which has a great Kids Quest facility) or Spice Market at Planet Hollywood for dinner.	
Jan 27 2008 	Fun Party Hotel	I went to Vegas with my best friends to celebrate our 21st birthdays (b/c we're all born within the same 2 weeks.) We decided to stay at the Palms because we heard it was a great hotel for younger people. We heard right. There were lots of people in their 20s. The rooms were nice. We stayed in the old tower. The only problem was that there was not that much light in the room, so we couldn't see as well when putting on make up. The light in the bathroom was sufficient though.We had breakfast at the hotel every day. The food is great at the 24 hour café and it’s very reasonably priced. We went to Little Buddha one night. The food was great. Also, my friend described the steak at N9NE as the best she ever had! We didn't go to any of the clubs or lounges in the hotel itself, but we did get passes for free admission because we were staying in the hotel. The pool was nice, but it closes early, at 6pm. It’s not even sundown at that time yet :-( The pool also wasn't very deep, maybe 4 feet at most. There were red floaties for the pool and also floating tables with umbrellas. There was a great crowd by the pool. We had to wake up very early to reserve spots by the pool though. There are chairs that are reserved that you have to pay for, and lots of times, they were just empty b/c no one was paying for them. There are also cabanas you can rent for a day. One of the nights, there was a private party so they closed the pool early. But I guess that’s the price we had to pay for staying at such a popular party hotel.Overall, we had a great time at the hotel and when I go back to Vegas, I will definitely stay at the Palms again!	
Jan 24 2008 	A good experience	Normally running around $320 per night, I found an online deal to stay at the Palms for only $55 per night. When we arrived, our room wasn't ready and we were promptly upgraded to the new Fantasy Tower. These rooms were luxurious and very nice-- running close to $400 per night. The hotel staff was very accomodating. The only problem is that this hotel is very far from the strip and is unwalkable. The hotel offers shuttles every 2 hours, but it is all luck whether or not you will catch one. A cab ride to Caesar's will cost you $10-$15 which can get quite costly. Besides nightclubs, a casino and a few restaurants, there is not much to do here . . . there is virtually no stores or attractions like many of the other hotels on the strip. Stay here if you plan to spend a majority of your time in the nightclubs (Palms has 4) or away from the action of the strip.	
Jan 21 2008 	Great Clubs Poor rooms	Five friends from all over US met at the Palms for a girls weekend out. If you want the best club scene the Palms is the place. If you want a nice suite book some where else. The price was $600 a night and the room and furniture were old and worn out. The Ghost Bar and Playboy club was fantastic. Palms is not near the strip and has a very small casino floor. I would party there again but never stay the night.	
Jan 20 2008 	I loved The Palms	I was amazed to see all the negative reviews of the Palms. I stayed there in December and had a great time. I am a 45 yr. old disabled male and my room was the best accessible room I have ever stayed in. I did have a little trouble at check in but things were worked out and the staff was very helpful and friendly! I am a definite foodie and I love N9ne Steakhouse and Little Buddha. Didn't go to Alize this time but it is Fantastic!I also loved just hanging out at The Lounge and Ghostbar! Yes the Palms is geared toward a younger crowd, but I think it's more about being young at heart!	
Jan 19 2008 	Amazing Vegas Vacation! Palms Has it All!	The palms is off the strip but its worth it to stay there at least once! We stayed in the fantasy tower in a king size room, unfortunatly they were doing some construction so our view was somewhat obstructed but we could see the strip from far away and the luxor and mandalay. floor to ceiling windows, flat screen tv, the coolest thing was that you could hear the tv in the bathroom thru an overhead speaker! bathrooms were clean and gorgeous! bed was amazingly comfortable and clean. services were excelled. definatly try the N9NE steakhouse! its excellent! We won over $500 on one slot machine there, slots there have great payout! they offer a free shuttle bus to ceasers on the strip which was convienent. unfortunaly we went the week before the playboy club opened, i would have loved to have seen it! will defiantly go back! If you go stay in the fantasy tower, it is all new ana amazing! wild pool scene, amazing clubs and nightlife! the perfect vacation!	
Jan 7 2008 	Great time at the Palms	Got a buy one night, get one night free deal through tripres.comThe hotel is slighty off the Strip (about a 5 min drive, not bad at all, and we liked stepping away from all the hustle and bustle after a long day).We went on weekdays during a slow week and so were able to avoid the weekend club crowd.Our room was in the Fantasy Tower, and was VERY nice. Clean, modern, and comfortable bed, flatscreen TV. Tons of personal care items from Aveda and some Axe samples too.We had some noisy neighbors on the floor who would stumble in late after (I'm assuming, drinking, partying, gambling) talking and laughing really loud in the hallway for long periods of time, but other than that, it was a great experience.We got $10 in free slot play for signing up for the players club.Didn't try the buffet, but heard mixed reviews.	
Jan 6 2008 	somewhere between good and great	My wife and I booked one of the superior rooms in the Fantasy tower,($139 per night) on Jan 1st -4th. We arrived at the hotel 4 hours before check in, and were surprised to find out our room was ready. The room was very nice, clean, very comfortable bed, plenty of room. The view was just OK. ( only able to see small part of the strip). We had some friends with us who had booked rooms in the other tower and politely asked at check in if they could move to the Fantasy tower and were allowed to at no charge( Original room was $89). CasinoThe Casino is nice but small. Good selection of games but later in the evening it can be hard to find open seats. lots of $5 tables during the day and $10 and night. Dealers are mostly friendly. My main complaint with the casino would be the lack of cocktail service. Two different times I spent over and hour at a gaming table without ever seeing a cocktail waitress. I should also report that this was the first time in a very long time that I actually won more money than I lost over the length of a trip. FoodLots of choices, Had dinner at Nine Steakhouse, It was above average but with all the other choices in town there is no reason to eat there again. Room service for breakfast was good. Getting aroundCabs are a must, costs about $7 to get the the strip (Caesars) and just a few bucks more for most other hotels, I don't really mind paying this considering moving around the strip via the monorail is $6 per person for a single ride.Overall its a nice place with a good vibe if your looking to stay in a nice room at a moderate priced place you should be happy. There is nothing big to complain about but not much to brag about either. Its a great step up form places like Tropicana, Imperial Palace,Riveara or Circus Circus, But not in the same league as MGM, Mirage ,and Mandaly Bay. If for some reason you are the type of person who doesn't like to see beautiful women, stay far away from the Palms..............	
Jan 5 2008	The Views from the Playboy Club	I was wondering why the The Palms was so far from The Strip. When we got up to the Playboy Club and saw the views away from The Strip, I was blown away.The DJ was great and the place was fairly empty for a Thursday. Moon, the club above, was packed.The bunnies were short and cute, so they were not intimidating. There were a bunch of couples there.My advice is to dress up anywhere you go to Las Vegas, so you can get in quickly and be treated well.	
Jan 1 2008	Not bad for Off-the-Strip	This was a decent place to stay for the price we got--you Must have a car, however because there's no easy way to get anywhere else from there. The people were nice, the food choices were pretty good, my only complaint is that we booked a suite and there were only regular rooms when we arrived; and we weren't compensated in any way for that.	
Dec 27 2007 	The Fantasy Tower - a wonderful adult fantasy experience !	First off to really experience The Palms get off the casino floor if you want to experience The Palms. The small casino floor does feel more like a lobby - and really is nothing more than your entry way to your experience.The slots were loose which is what I like to play. We booked in an entry level ($150) room in the new BEAUTIFUL inside and out FANTASY TOWER.We were staying at Bills Gambling Hall for the week - but for Christmas Eve we wanted to dine at NOVE and enjoy The Playboy Club. NOVE has fantastic food, beautiful decor, amazing service, great drinks, and direct access to the elegant Playboy Club. We did our research and knew that staying as a guest (free admission and front of line to clubs) has it's NEEDED perks for us to enjoy the place (we are a gay couple in our early 40's).Everything about the new tower is high end, stylish, and fun.Now here comes the big get from this trip to Vegas.We walked up to the front desk to check in and the very nice young man managing the desk gave us a FREE upgrade to enjoy Christmas Eve in a Fantasy Tower PENTHOUSE. Did I mention this was a FREE upgrade gift. We had not yet even put a quarter in the slots.The Penthouse is 2,200 square feet.8 Flatscreens.Surround sound music system.Double sided fireplace.Walk-in closet.Three bathrooms.Steamroom shower - an AMAZING treat they do not list on the website.Jacuzzi.Party shower - lightshow and speakers.Full wet bar.Electronic controls for the sheers and curtains.And a frosted window between one bathroom and the dining room (marble dining table that seats 6) - that you can put your dancers behind for some &quot;shadow dancing&quot;.Room capacity for parties is listed at 62!Normal price - $3000.00We had a blast on The Palms - and how can you beat customer service like this. Yes I know this had to be a rare treat but I also know that we were treated like royalty everywhere we went.Service was fantastic.The Playboy Club was free and enjoyable for us.The Bunny cocktail servers and blackjack dealers are elegant and beautiful and pull off class in bunny ears and a cotton tail.The views - best I have ever experienced. We have stayed in the newest tower at Ceasers Palace - and being a bit off the strip makes all the difference in the view. Sunrise and sunset on the mountains was amazing - we could even see SNOW on the most distant peak Christmas morning.Other than the tricked out $3000 room for free - I still think this experience would have been a treat - adults should feel free to know they are the target market of the new Fantasy Tower and that you will be treated like royalty.Thank You Palms Mangemant for a wonderful experience.	
Dec 26 2007 	On the way down...	The Palms -- supposedly a four star hotel, was slightly less than a two star business class hotel in Switzerland or Germany. The room was large and light with a great view of the strip; high quality linens, comforters, feather pillows, high thread-count sheets and duvet covers, nice complimentary products -- but when you LEFT the room -- Food throughout was mediocre to terrible. Ate in the Mexican restaurant (allegedly New Mexico cuisine) and it was the worst gringo/mex I've ever had. Salsa spicey, yes, but definitely with a nice splash of tomato sauce or ketchup for more than color. The 24/7 cafe, ordered eggs benedict, eggs fine, English muffin fine, gelatinous canned hollandaise over all but the under-cooked hash browns. And all of this for quite a LOT of money -- two meals, two people, two margaritas -- 100 bucks. There is, however, fantastic and authentic Asian food just two blocks away in Las Vegas China Town.Music! Ah, lets not forget this! A loop that played pretty much the same stuff at the same time throughout the day -- the hotel caters to a young and presumably sexy crowd which might explain the music, but there is a difference between erotic/romantic and sleaze. You can get a good deal at the Palms, a good room for the price, but not a great experience.The Playboy Club is in the other tower -- and though I wanted to go, my boyfriend didn't have any non-sports shoes so that made the expedition unlikely unless he bought new shoes which he didn't need --	
Dec 22 2007 	Fun Place Great Suites	Suites in new section were awesome! Bathroom had a ton of glass to look outside while shaving, bathing etc, or hit the privacy screen if you must. Bath had the water pour in from the ceiling cool!We are in our late 40's but went to the Palms to see what the fuss was. We enjoyed all three of the clubs. Although a younger crowd and younger music we still had a ball. Get friendly with a host if your a player, they get you right in and comp you if you play enough.Some other viewers said the casino area was small we thought it was plenty big enough. You could even find $10 games on the weekend I don't think that is bad. Some of the local entertainment (Talent) was also great to watch. Both at the clubs and in the casino.The only bad part was the spa. It was dirty and not updated on equipment which was also lacking. This was a surprise as I know most young people like to work out too. My wife tried the massage but that was a disappointment too. if you want a great Spa try the new one at the mirage. If you want to party stay at the Palms. We didn't try the food as no one staying at the hotel was recommending it.	
Dec 22 2007	Palms was ok	The Palms hotel is located off the strip FYI. Not far at all but you will need to catch a cab or rent a car to make it there. I stayed for 5 nights on business in a Jr Suite in the original tower. The bed was decent, they had Aveda toiletries, free shick shaver for men, rhoto eye drops, and toothpaste. Wifi internet in the room was $12.99 per 24hrs.Elevators were fast and always working. In the evening you need to show your room card to the security guard at the elevator bank.Little Buddha restaurant was good! nice atmosphere, good food, decent cocktails. But I prefer Tao Asian restaurant in the Venetian hotel over Little Buddha any day. Much better food, drinks, and ambiance. I highly recommend it.The 24hr cafe downstairs at the Palm is great for breakfast (much better than the buffett on the casino floor). The workout gym is good but costs $45 for a 3 day pass or $20 per day. Mens lockerroom has the steam room, dry sauna, cold and hot plunge pools, outdoor hot tub, showers, and lounge room with fresh fruit and snacks while you watch tv. Assorted drinks are provided as well. The gym is open 6am to 8pm. Free weights and nice cardio machines with TV are all available.Parking is free at the Palms and they have a small food court with popular chains and a large theater complex.If i were going back, I would stay at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay	
Dec 18 2007 	Not as nice as before	I stayed at the Palms several years ago and was excited to stay there again after having a pleasant trip before. I was disappointed to arrive well past check in to discover our room still wasn't ready. Their idea of trying to compensate for our wait was offering us a smoking room rather than a non-smoking room which we requested. The staff at the check in desk were completely rude, unfriendly and not helpful. The bellman stared at us for several minutes before realizing we were standing there to check our bags while we waited for our room. No one was eager to help us get a cab or exit our cab like the other hotels we visited on our trip. Go to the Palms for the nightlife but not to stay.	
Dec 12 2007	It's sure not like old vegas...	Stayed here for our annual Thanksgiving Vegas trip. $59 for a Fantasy Tower room is a good value but, once outside of the room, the Palms' appeal falls off fast. I know the Maloofs are trying for a younger, hipper slice of Vegas with this joint, but they've completely chucked all the hallowed conventions of the Vegas experience. The nightclubs rule this place, followed by the concerts, with the gambling a distant third. The casino is a ghost town almost all of the time, and the poker room doesn't even offer tourneys. The room was great, with a very comfy bed and outstanding soundproofing. I tried the buffet only for breakfast - the food was good and the price was right ($7.99), but it didn't open until 8AM! This is a good place to sleep, but go elsewhere for a real Vegas experience.	
Dec 10 2007 	Ok but only met expectations	Good hotel, but located off the strip so you need to get a taxi everywhere.Famous for the H&amp;H tatoo studio. Nice casino, food average. Hotel has a cinema attahced, which is nice when you have had enough gambling. Clubs are really good, and as a guest you get a pass past the line for the bar at the top of the tower. Great views of the strip from here, and probably with staying the night just for this!What lets the hotel down are the rooms. The hotel is fairly new, but you could tell the furniture was already quite well worn. Also I specifically wanted a no smoking room, but you could the room have that stale smell of someone smoking in it. The rooms were not well cleaned, there was some trash from a previous occupant in one of the drawers.All things considered only met expectation.	
Nov 30 2007 	highly disapointed	This was a vacation palnned for myself and 2 daughters who have never been to vegas before. I have stayed at quite a few of the other hotels and have always been very happy. The room was very small, not even a place to set up a lap top. The bathroom was not clean, the soap dish has soap scum, the toilet had urine dried on it, the coffee pot still had the last guests coffee packet in it. The room service food was not only way over priced it was tasteless. The buffet was horrable, we were starving but could not find one food item that made you want to go back for more. No wher e on the web site did it say the pool and hot tubs were closed until spring of 2008 we would have stayed at one that did have the pool open. We did make the best of the trip but would never stay at the Palms again	
Nov 24 2007 	Nightclubs or Vegas hotel?	Good if you are in your 20's or so and into clubs and not particular about value or room amenities. Casino table games slow esp. daytime, rooms in original tower very ordinary, plain and dark. Service is fair but don't expect much or even a rare smile and I'm not very particular on this issue. Maybe they are tired from dealing with obnoxious and demanding celebrities( I didn't see any) . Gamble across the street at Gold Coast and shuttle to strip(not walking distance) is 15 min. walk to Rio and is free. Not really the&quot; Vegas experience&quot;. Food court in lobby is convenient and cheap. Only in room food options are candy bar(1) in mini-bar and cheapest room service meal over 20 dollars after tip and service fee automatically included. Ice is free on all floors! Stay at Mirage, TI, Mandalay which are much better. What they basically did here was build 4 discos/clubs and surrounded it with hotel/casino.	
Nov 24 2007 	Junior Suite -- should be renamed to "Corner Room"	My husband and I booked a Junior Suite with a special from a different website (TripRes). The rate was $59 per night and included 2-for-1 breakfast buffet, 20% off spa, and pass to Ghostbar or Rain. This was our first time to stay at the Palms, and our last two trips to Vegas were Bellagio (lakeview room). We wanted to try the Palms, and the price was definitely right. We had visited before and had breakfast buffet there a couple years ago.For $59, the room was fine. We have previously stayed at the Rio for $45 and enjoyed the suite much more than this &quot;junior suite&quot; at the Palms. We felt that the Palms Junior Suite was not really a suite and should be renamed &quot;corner room&quot;. It was not any larger than the other rooms on that floor (looking at diagram on back of door), and the bathroom was nothing special (toilet, sink, traditional bathtub with no jacuzzi or separate shower). The best thing about this room was that it had two windows facing the strip - not floor-to-ceiling wall-to-wall windows, but just regular hotel room windows. We could see the Playboy bunny all lit up outside one of our windows (room 18102) but never saw anyone swimming in the pools from those fantasy suites.Housekeeping brought an additional robe when we called as there was only one in the closet (seemed quite odd for a King junior suite - only one robe). The second day a complimentary copy of Playboy appeared on our coffee table as it featured the new Palms Playboy Club in this issue. We asked at checkin for a fridge (I'm a nursing mother and this was our first trip away from our daughter -- so I needed a way to keep my breastmilk cold before flying back home). When one never appeared, we called housekeeping and they brought one up. They said they wouldn't tell the front desk because the front desk would charge us for it, so we tipped the lady well. We did visit Ghostbar and had a drink. It was relaxing (around 9:00 on a Monday night) but we felt we enjoyed VooDoo Lounge better a short walk away at the Rio (it was two-story and felt much more spacious). We never used the breakfast buffet offer --- after inquiring at the front desk we apparently do not receive a coupon for that but rather must charge two to our room then have it adjusted at checkout. Too much hassle in our opinion. Nothing at Palms could have probably topped the brunch we had at Green Valley the morning we arrived anyway. The pool was closed but we could see it from our room. We were surprised since the pool is supposed to be &quot;the place&quot; at the Palms. The past two trips to Bellagio were December and we could always lay out there and enjoy the hot tub... but not in November at hte Palms. Checkout was smooth except that we had a $2 charge for phone. We used the phone two times to call housekeeping --- and get a $2 charge??? They deducted that charge but told us they normally charge $1 a day for phone usage whether you use it or not. Hot water was slow, very slow to get hot. I needed it one morning about 4:00 and finally gave up.Overall, to us, the Junior Suite at the Palms was nothing more than a normal hotel room on the corner of the older tower with a spectacular view of the strip from the windows. Rooms were convenient to the elevators no matter which room you had, and the parking garage was very convenient to the Palms Tower as well. Other places my husband and I have stayed in Vegas within our seven years together: Venetian, Flamingo, Luxor, Treasure Island, Imperial Palace (had two nights free there -- about walked out), Golden Nugget, and as previously mentioned Rio and Bellagio. To us, the Palms was just a room with nothing spectacular. That is why I rated it 3-stars --- nothing spectacular or special, yet nothing really &quot;bad&quot; except for slow hot water.This was a very quick trip -- our car rental from the airport was clocked in and out within 48 hours. We did enjoy seeing &quot;O&quot; again (fourth row this time) and saw Fantasy the second night. We enjoyed the day at Qua Spa (Caesars) and would highly recommend that spa (we chose it over using the POV $50 coupon at Palms Spa). In fact, I enjoyed it more than the Bellagio Spa (visited that spa almost two years ago after it opened in the new tower). Our two favorite meals were Sunday brunch at Green Valley Resort and dinner at Casa Di Amore. And as always, being from Texas, we had to get our In-n-Out Burger fix while there! Palms was merely a place to sleep for us before we anxiously returned home to our precious little one. :-)	
Nov 24 2007 	Surprisingly Disappointing . . .	I am a 25 year resident of Las Vegas and was happy to enjoy a hotel special at the Palms Hotel and Resort to play tourist. Around Thanksgiving and Christmas, many of the local hotels have unbelievable rates for high quality rooms, great views, etc. The Palms is an off-Strip hotel that opened in 2002 with a lot of hype. Celebrities and events for the rich and famous can be seen and heard there frequently, so we were looking forward to the “royal treatment” during our trip.The following is a very detailed review our suite. We were assigned to the 26th floor – Suite #26-102 (on the southeast corner of the Palms Tower – the original tower). I originally found on the Internet a Junior Suite at the Palms, regularly priced for $300, for an awesome price and booked it. All Junior Suites are 500 square feet and have a view of the strip. When we arrived to check in, we received a complimentary upgrade to a Grand Suite (regularly $500 per night) – a 1,000 square feet room with a King bed and two full bathrooms (could have been two adjoining rooms). The first side has its own entrance with a separate living room area. There is a desk, loveseat, and two chairs along with a TV armoire/closet combination. From the window in this room, there is a southern view of Las Vegas with a view of the Playboy Fantasy Tower (opened October, 2006).The loveseat in particular looked like it had seen better days. I felt it could have been steam cleaned or just plain re-upholstered with a fabric that is not so thin and would not look so wrinkled when used. The furniture in general is nice but a couple of pieces are starting to show some wear.Entering through a door in the room near the window, the second side of the suite included a large room with the King bed and TV armoire/refrigerator (stocked with saleable beverages) and safe. The second bathroom is close to the King bed, and there was an armoire closet containing two Palms robes. A second door near the bathroom can be using for entering or exiting. There was another window with a southern view of the Playboy Fantasy Tower, and then an eastern view of the Las Vegas Strip starting at the Mandalay Bay north to the Wynn Hotel – absolutely stunning. There is no room in the refrigerator to place your own beverages. Cost of mini bar menu items include: Nuts - $4, Candy - $3, Pepsi/Diet Pepsi/V8 - $3, Gatorade - $5, Liquor - $7, White Wine - $12, Champagne - $16, Red Bull/Domestic Beer - $5 and Imported Beer - $6. Items removed are automatically charged to your room; refrigerator can be locked so it cannot be opened. The bed consists of a duvet covered down comforter with sheet set and five pillows, four of which are wonderful down pillows. The mattress is above average – I would not say horrible nor fantastic. There is not a bed in the loveseat, and there are two separate temperature controls, one for each room. Interestingly, the suite is categorized as “Optional Smoking” though we had requested a non-smoking room. The front desk advised us that they assign the Optional Smoking Rooms to non-smoking guests all the time and that they find these acceptable. My husband is sensitive to cigarette smoke and he was not bothered by the room at all. Surprisingly, I, the lesser sensitive of the two, did smell a lilt of smoke on the complimentary robes in the bedroom closet and in the down comforter.The bathroom is very large with four sets of towels in both bathrooms. The towels are high quality spa towels. There is also a small coffee maker, a battery operated hand razor, and Aveda face and body soap, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, toothpaste, a vanity kit (sewing kit?), and red eye drops. Disappointingly, there was no exhaust fan in either of the bathrooms. However, the floor has travertine (?) and marble, and the countertop appears to be marble. There are full length mirrors in front of both bathrooms.I took a shower at 4:30 a.m. The tub handle fell into my hands. I was shocked to find that the water was lukewarm and by the end of my less than 5 minute shower, the water was cold. I left the shower shivering.Internet is available for $12.99 for a 24 hour period and can either be a wired connection or wireless. I did not utilize the Internet so I can’t comment on how it works.The overall cleanliness in the room was very disappointing. In both bathrooms, you could clearly see multiple water and ring spots (from a glass) that dried on the stone countertop. The coffee maker had a film of dust. The small, round table in the bedroom had a ring on the glass top. Trash from the previous guest was left in the room by housekeeping – baggage claim tickets with his name listed along with receipts. When I went to use the pen and paper in the drawer next to the bed, there appeared to be a pubic hair on it. The large window with the eastern Strip view had fingerprints on it.The casino itself is small. There is no particular theme compared to other casinos in Las Vegas. There is a nice variety of restaurants and a movie theater. I would not mind staying here if I were going to a concert at the Pearl. Though it has been a place of many celebrity sightings and events, perhaps the real luxuries are in areas we were not able to access. With regard to the service, it was hit and miss. Some staff members were wonderful. Unfortunately, some employees treated us in a bland fashion (surprising for people working for tips).The highlight of this suite is definitely the view. The room is very spacious with ample closet space. My husband and I were very grateful to enjoy the suite for such an incredible rate. However, since this hotel is listed as 4 stars out of 5, what a guest finds should be of the highest quality. I would be very upset if I paid $500 for this suite due to the cleanliness issues and cold water, as I have enjoyed Embassy Suite rooms more for a much lower rate. In all fairness to the management, I am writing a letter to the Executive Offices to voice my observations.	
Nov 21 2007 	An energy draining offensive waste of money!	An absolutely offensive hotel! Staff is rude, no management presence after 8 PM. There were 2 forms that needed to filled out to use a stapler in a meeting room next door to the business center. Linens provided in the meeting room were filthy, tables that were not ordered were stacked against the wall as if my meeting room was a storage facility. Front desk could not program a key to the meeting room, a locksmith finally came to reprogram the whole mechanism, not so much as an insincere apology for the room being opened an hour late. When I voiced my dissatisfaction with the lack of value in the $391.00 per night rate on the guest room in the old tower, I was told by one of the front desk staff members that I could go down the strip to Bellagio for $459.00 per night!I will never step foot in this hotel again!	
Nov 20 2007 	Palms def hits it right!	Seeing the Palms always on tv, I decided to change my hotel, since I usually always book at Venetian or Bellagio. (knowing that i stay there for luxory scene, but palms is more ritzy hip hop cool). When I got there, it was afternoon, not too busy,, but I liked that so I could see the place before it got tooo busy. Knowing that this is a hotel for fast, loud fun,, this hotel is straight out not designed for older people or couples who want quiet romantic times. A word the the wise who complain about noise in the middle of the night or loud clubs,, then dont book at a hotel thats on mtv every time you click the tv channel!!! Another thing that boggled my mind walking thru the casino is people with their kids! Las Vegas is not for children to witness half naked women going to clubs, drunken behavior or gambling, k? I saw a couple of people with their small kids, hanging around 11pm at night,, gambling, and stuff. And then THESE people i saw in the morning, and they were complaining about a noisy room? My room was dark wood finished, it had a comfy soft robe in the closet, my safe was cool, i entered a code, it locked. There was a bit of noise down the hall, and when i walked by,, a neighboring guest came out to see what the noise was, she stated she was here for business and had called security to quiet it down. As she said that,, there was security! Fast service. Noise,,, was gone! That was pretty accomodating. VIP services was very helpful when i needed information about clubs, restaurants, and even gave their truthful opinion about buffet versus cafe. 24/7 cafe has a lot to offer too, I did have a little wait for the food, (which VIP told me) but food was great. CLubs were fun, but i am a girl, i could see the men have a harder time getting in,, but that goes for all clubs in vegas. My total stay overralll was great, but if you want big generic rooms, with low quality tv's, no updated clubs, and old quiet people, go somewhere else. Palms definately offers fast paced, no time to sit and order a movie on the tv kind of stay. PS the beds are the most wonderful thing in the world! I have NEVER slept in such a wonderful bed ever! And,, you can actually call housekeeping and they will tell you the company that makes them. Now THATS service!!!	
Nov 12 2007 	Rates were good got an upgrade close to Strip	We got a good deal on Travelocity with an upgrade to a junior suite. We stayed here for 2 nights after our wedding. We were upgraded further upon requesting it at check-in. We went to look at the suite first and it was in the older tower (not the Fantasy tower). The room was HUGE with a large jacuzzi tub, but decor was dated and boring. I prefer modern rooms even if we lose the size.We returned to the front desk and asked to switch to the Fantasy Tower and were upgraded to a Parlor suite for an extra $100 per night. Smaller room that the other tower, but more our style. Flat screen TVs (3 of them), nice view, great tub, living room/bedroom style. I would not have paid $750 for the room per night (as advertised), but for an upgrade and a total of maybe $350 a night or less...it's a great room!! Food at the hotel is okay....no mind blowing restaurants. The breakfast buffet is a good deal. The pool area is nice, but the best I've ever seen. LOTS of slots...especially video poker. Only 2 craps tables :(Overall, the hotel is fun and close enough to the Strip to venture to other places and shows. The new Playboy club is nice. Great view from Ghost Bar.	
Nov 11 2007 	Great Party Scene Some Service Problems	The Palms is off the strip and it doesn't feature a theme. Facilities: The casino is not as impressive as those on the strip and during the day the clientele there is decidedly older. There are several excellent restaurants (including Budda Bar and a 24-hour diner.) The buffet is extremely reasonable and quite good.The pool complex is the highlight- it's huge, has a great vibe of beautiful people, a DJ pumping R&amp;B beats, and several cabana parties going on all-around you- the vibe is energizing. We did book in at the spa. The service was standard but the prices for what you get are unreasonable. The layout and aesthetics of the spa are not even close to being on par with what they charge- go somewhere else on the strip like Quo Spa at Caesar's. The club scene is madness- Rain, Ghostbar, Moon and the Playboy Club get very busy- except line-ups. It's well worth it- Moon's retractable roof and great music are worth the trip to the Palms alone- and the Playboy club is very posh and well done.Rooms: Better than your Vegas average- the Fantasy tower is getting a little dated though now- some of the furniture was beat up and it could use a paint job (the dark lighting helps hide this)- but it is still in very good condition. I was happy with the room. I did have a service problem that was never resolved. Right after check-out I discovered I left my keys and IPod in the drawer. I wasn't able to go back up to get them- I was staying in the Vegas area a few more nights at another property and they told me that housekeeping would phone me when they went in to the room and I could come back to get the items. They never called and I called them about 5 times only to leave voice mails that were unanswered and get transfered to unhelpful security staff because the housekeeping manager was MIA. The front desk eventually gave me a manager's # but the voicemail I left him was never returned. So- in short- they really don't go out of their way in regards to service- so be sure to not leave anything behind.This is probably the best option for younger party inclined folks who are filling to pay for cab fare onto the strip. If you want to be close to the other events/attractions on the strip- you'll be taking a lot of cabs if you stay at Palms.	
Nov 5 2007 	The best place on earth!!!!!!!!	Never had one bad experience with this place!!!!! If you are in Vegas-CHOSE THE PALMS!!!!!	
Oct 29 2007 	The ultra cool and the aged	I spent 3 nights there for a conference at the hotel. I wouldn't bother to go back. We were upgraded to a huge suite. Really, this was a large suite even by Vegas standards. One of their fancy $20,000 a night suites was down the hall. I saw the kids spill out in the morning - wow. The rooms are nice. It is absolutely quiet. The only knock on the rooms is that they are very dark. That must be a cool California thing. If you stay here bring a light for the bathroom. The casino is a little quiet and sad during the weekdays - lots of older folks. On the weekends the young LA crowd arrives. The problem is that I'm not a senior citizen and I'm not a 20-something California kid. This just isn't the place for me.	
Oct 24 2007 	Hate the Palms	From the moment I walked in this hotel, I knew that it would be a horrible weekend. First of all, the crowd was a mixed bag. You have the bluehaired grandmas that just got off their bus gambling and mingling in a place that is known for a young and hip crowd. Nothing made sense in this place! It seemed like they were trying to be the place for everyone and it really was not working for me. We waited 30 minutes in line to check in and once we got to the room, the keys did not work. So we had to hike back down to the desk to get our new keys. The agent at the desk was rude and did not seem as if she knew what she was doing. Once we got into the room (that was not the cleanest), we called the operator and asked for recommendations on restaurants. She had to put me on hold for 5 minutes to get the details of each place. We decided on Little Buddha and sure enough- I got sick from the food! We checked out the next day and went to stay at the Wynn- since the Hard Rock was sold out!	
Oct 20 2007 	my palms are full	phoned the palms,tranferred me to woman named Mickey she was real busy (mtv party going on but helped me anyway)very friendley over the phone.called her a few days before arrival to set up transportation ,went very smooth,check in by jorge was perfect ,corner room all windows best view in vegas off to a great trip.was not able to take a break by laying in bed,to comfy would fall asleep to easy hit every club in the hotel each one was fabulous,especially playboy(won a couple thou in a 1/2 hr.very fast room service,also the food was excellent.the waitresses,dealers,pit bosses bartenders,esp chris were the best I have dealt with in all my vegas trips period!partied at the pool all day sat (6hrs) unbelievable time dealers were fun pit boss gil was great.bar none my best trip to vegas yet,will not ever consider staying any where else on any future trip ps my girlfriend will not forget her birthday weekend vegas trip thanks robo over 40...	
Oct 12 2007 	Great Hotel Great Time!	I just got back from a long weekend with a couple of my girlfriends and we stayed at the Palms. If you are looking for a high-energy, young, hip place to stay then I highly recommend the Palms. We were upgraded to the fantasy tower when we checked in and given guest passes to the clubs. Our room was really nice--the Bose -high quality radio was a great perk, as well as the TV speakers that played in the bathroom. My only complaint was that any time we wanted to go to the strip, it was a $10-15 cab ride. We had a delicious meal at Nove (great restaurant, awesome atmosphere). Also, check out the Playboy club and Moon if you can.	
Oct 10 2007 	Are you kidding me?	We spend ALOT of time in Las Vegas. We have been there 4 times this past year and usually stay at the Four Seasons. This time I felt like kickin it up a notch. To make this short and sweet, the rooms are so Motel 6 but the property is great (ie: restaurants and clubs). We loved NOVE and the Playboy Club. I just was expecting more for a room that was $450 a night. We stayed Friday, then moved to the Venatian which had INCREDIBLE rooms for $499 a night. I'm talking about flat screens in each area of the room, luxury linens and quality furnishings.	
Oct 7 2007 	Nice hotel especially for young singles	I was surprised at how nice the hotel and rooms were; food was great at the Cafe 24/7 and Mexican restaurant, although the Patron margarita was ridiculously expensive at $13. The rooms are very plush and elegant, and I had great housekeeping service. My only criticism with the hotel is the lobby part of the casino. It was difficult to find when using the parking garages, and not fun to wander through the casino with suitcases, etc. It's obvious that the clubs, casino and restaurants are the focus for them.	
Sep 20 2007 	Worth a stay	I had reservations about the Palms, but compared to some of the hotels directly on the strip, it was more or less the same price, and decided to give it a try. Upon arriving around 12:00 p.m, we were told our room wasn't ready, but we'd be given a call when it was and were given a key to the pool. We skipped the pool and instead drove the short distance down Flamingo road to the strip and spent the whole day there. Around 2:00 p.m we were notified our room was ready, but we didn't go back to the hotel until after 10:00 p.m. When we checked in we were notified our room had been upgraded to a &quot;grand suite&quot; on the 50th floor at no extra charge. The room was great, it was more like a mini apartment, with a seperate sitting room, mini bar, and two bathrooms, one was a whirlpool. The room was clean and hansomely furnished with floor to ceiling windows providing a great view at night. As for the hotel, it was clean and didn't smell like smoke. Its size is not small enough to be considered &quot;boutique,&quot; but it's not massive like some on the strip. The size is just right. We tried the buffet which wasn't too expensive, but I'd skip it next time.The hotel's ambience was nice, there's a lot of young people in my age range, but you also see children and older couples as well. Guests are given free guest passes to their nightclubs'lounges. We tried everything but Rain because it was closed, but the Playboy Club, Ghostbar, and Moon were fun. My only complaint is about the pool. It's relatively small, and even though we went on a Tuesday afternoon, not the busiest of afternoons, it was still hard to find availiable chairs. On top of this, half of the pool had been blocked off with no visible reason as to why. That was stingy on behalf of the management.	
Sep 10 2007 	Good time	Nice hotel geared to a younger crowd although there were all types of people. Try to get a room in the fantasy tower which is newer. Oversized bathrooms which were nice, and the room itself was a decent size. Only ate in the buffet, which was good. Used the pool everyday, fun. Warning, the room rate I got was very reasonable, but food and entertainment can be pricey, so be forewarned. Also you'll need a car as the hotel is a good mile from the strip. All in all I would stay there again.	
Sep 6 2007 	$6000 on suite-Not satisfied	I stayed at the Palms Casino the weekend of June 22-24th with 5 of my close girlfriends. We were celebrating a bachelorette party and decided we didn't want just a normal room/trip so we all chipped in all the extra money we had saved for future vacations and decided to get one of the suites. When we had booked our trip we were told if our suite was not available we would be able to enjoy &quot;Ditch Fridays&quot; poolside. Upon arrival, our suite was not available which was fine until we changed into our bikinis and went to soak up some sun when one of the staff members told us that we could not enter the pool area without a room key. Frustrated, we returned to the check in counter which is by far the slowest line I've ever waited on and was instructed to wait for a room key and that our suite was almost finished being cleaned. Finally, after several hours of waiting in the hotel casino, our celebrity suite was available. Our suite was clean and equipped with the items we were told we would be provided however, the sink in the bar was broken. It did not turn on or off just dripped so we had to call service and wait for them to fix it. Our view was amazing with breath taking sunsets and sunrises. During our first day in the $3,000 a night suite our air conditioning broke at 5 o'clock. We called service to check it out and he was unable to fit it, stating that the unit was brand new and he would have someone else take a look. Needless to say, 3 techs and 6 hours later our ac came on. Imagine 6 girls who need to blow dry their hair and get ready to go out with no ac? Also, we were told we would receive passes into the clubs. We did receive the passes however, they were for all the nights we were not there! Why give us passes for Tues when you know we check out on Sunday? Our room service was always late and almost cold. I was shocked that you can spend so much on a suite, hundreds of dollars on room service, thousands gambling, paying entry fees into clubs, etc and to not be accomodated for such inconveinences is beyond me. Fortunately for the Palms we are all very laid back and wouldn't let our broken AC ruin a great night out at &quot;Moon.&quot;	
Sep 5 2007	Never Again	I'm a pretty small time gambler...and The Palms treated me that way. My girlfriend and I chose this casino specifically for the Playboy Club. When we checked in we were told that the club was closed for renovations. Isn't it new? Unless the club was being renovated by well-dressed men and women in the middle of the night, &quot;renovated&quot; meant not open for riff raff like myself. We were treated much better at Planet Hollywood and will stay there next time in Vegas.	
Sep 4 2007	Bad Security - Go with caution!	I didn't stay at the hotel but stopped for buffet. We arrived around 2:30pm. We went back to the car around 5pm to find that our car was broken into. They took our GPS system and all our luggage (just passing by from a camping trip). My uncle also lost his camera which he swear he left it at the buffet which they said they didn't see. The food was good but we were kicked out and they took away all the food. We arrived @ 2:30pm for lunch which we later found out that lunch closed at 3. Well the lady who took our money didn't tell us that but was busy collecting 15% gratuity b/c we have a group of 19. Later we were barely finishing the main dish and was ready for desert to find out that they have taken away ALL the food (no fruits or desert for us) and was kicking us out because they had to open for dinner at 4pm. They didn't even let us know that the food closes at 3:30 nor apologize for not notifying us. Would NEVER go there again!!!	
Aug 23 2007 	36h pure pleasure trip to Las Vegeas US - The Palms	This hotel is amazing. I think it was an ultimate experience for some one visiting Las Vegas for the first time. I had 36 hours to spend here on a stop over after a business trip and I had booked the room by just contacting the hotel manager and explaning that it was my first trip to Las Vegas and that I was expecting something special. I shoot in the dark, but it worked, I'll explain later.I arrived outside the hotel, amazed by the tall glass tower as is the new Palms hotel, there is also an older building, which I do not know if its a hotel complex or apartments. As soon as I stepped in to the lobby/casino, I was hit by the sound of slot machines and the amount of people, I will never forget that sound. It was a bit difficult to first located the check in desk and information, which I soon found out was just to the left, so it was not easy to see. The service was excellent and curtious. I received a lot of information, maps and free tickets to so many things, that I would need a week to go through them. I was booked on the 35th floor, which is a more special floor, like a club level, just the floor below all their suites and penthouses...or should I say playboy&quot;houses&quot; in this hotel (hint, hint). To that floor, there is a private elevator, that a security guard checks your room key.The corridor outside the elevator was really beautiful, and I passed two playboy bunnies on the way to my room, they were on their way to the playboy club that exists in this hotel, the club was amazing, and only VIP, so they did not let in to many there. Black and red velvet everywhere and it was really good music, and beautiful people. Back to the room, It was really a cool room, huge and with a lot of cool features; Bose stereo, B&amp;O Plasma, etc.. The beds were huge, even though I had asked for a queen. The bathroom was also very big, with a lot of space. The view from the window was ok, almost opposite of the other tower, and also facing the &quot;wrong&quot; way of the strip, but that did not matter, I was not there to stay inside.I did not try the room service, but I went to the nightclubs, and the one on the room, don't remember the name now, and I could actually check their webpage, but I'm to lazy, was really cool. A SPECTACULAR view of Las Vegas with a glass balcony that were floating freely in the air, it also had a small part of glass floor, so you feelt like you were sky diving. The hotel also had a tatoo place, but I just peeked inside to see. Looked cool.The casino was ok, since I compared to many of the other hotels I visited during these intense 36h., and I thought it was average. I did not like that it was right in the lobby area. The food court looked ok, I did not try it and there was also a movie complex inside the hotel. The restaurants looked good and also the food, but I did not eat in the hotel.It was not season for sunbathing, since it was in december, but I have heard from friends, that the pool area is very nice and that it is a lot of young people staying at this hotel and that it is crazy partying there when its season or weekend. I have also read that there are a lot of celebs partying here.The most expansive suite in the world is in this hotel; The playboy suite. Check out their webpage and you will underdstand why! ---	
Aug 20 2007 	Palm-tastic!	Stayed in the Palms for a few nights mid- July. One word. AMAZING!Staff were helpful, rooms were clean, spacious with incredible views (we were in on the 25th floor), the bars were great...sampled both Ghost Bar &amp; The Playboy Club. Although we never went to the pool, we could see it from our room, and it was lively to say the least. Free shuttle bus to the Strip was useful &amp; it was nice to escape back to the Palms and away from the madness there at the end of the day. Bathroom's were huge &amp; immaculate, and the Aveda toiletries were cool! Highly highly highly recommended!	
Aug 20 2007	What The Palms Is Really Like	I had to write something after reading the previous review. While I am sure The Palms is crazy during Memorial Day weekend and other big weekends, it was pretty low-key when me and my friends were there in early May. We really enjoyed our stay at The Palms and had a great time at their pool and clubs but I didn't want this other review to scare people away. And I must say, The Palms' pool party on Friday's is nothing compared to Rehab. I'm sure it was a little crazier b/c it was during a holiday weekend, but you can't compare anything to Rehab. Rehab is a must when in Vegas. Just make sure you get on the list or get in line early!	
Aug 9 2007 	The Hottest SPOT in all of VEGAS	Stayed at the Palms this year for Memorial Day weekend for the second time. If you are young and want to be in the heart of the action in Veags, The Palms really is the only choice. The pool scene is amazing and no matter what anyone tells you, &quot;Ditch Fridays&quot; at the Palms' Pool gives the Hard Rock's &quot;Rehab Sundays&quot; a run for their money. The beds are the most comfortable in vegas and the bathrooms in the fantasy tower are practically palatial. NINE steakhouse is an experience, and NOVE was just as delicious. If you want to go to Vegas and get wild, its worth it to stay in a hotel that expects you to do just that - you won't be bothered by staff if the pre-party in your hotel room gets too loud, or if you have people coming and going to and from your room loudly at all hours. If you are old or cheap, or planning a family or low-key trip, I would say stay away from the Palms. Its for the young, the hip, and the beautiful. Be prepared to not only see celebrities, but also to be swimming in the pool along side them and dining with them at NINE - We did!	
Aug 7 2007 	Enjoyable Stay	Just returned from a 5 day visit at the Palms. My husband and I were fairly happy with our stay. As most reviewers have mentioned, the rooms in the fantasy tower are large and clean. We were disappointed that there was only a mini bar and not a place to put items to keep cool. A microwave would have been nice too. *Check-in was prompt- yet the clerk did not really give us much information about the hotel. Do make sure to ask for passes to the hotel night clubs. *Mini bar prices were too high, so we asked one of the bell men were we could find the closest liquor store. He told us to go to the Gold Coast. You will enter at the casino entrance across from the Palms. Take a right and there is a shop with dozens of liquors, wines, beer, champagne, soft drinks and snack food at half the price of the Palms. We bought a 6-pack of beer and bottle of wine for $5.00. We also got some coconut rum for $9.00—not bad!! We made a homemade cooler by using the double paper bags they gave us and we lined it with the plastic laundry bag. We filled it with ice and it kept our beer cold all day!!!*Pool- get there early to secure a chair especially on Friday! The music was loud at times. The drinks were very pricey as well as the food. You can’t bring food in!I ordered the chicken Caesar salad and had them put it in wraps—delicious.*Nove Italiano- Wow- delicious experience- this lovely restaurant was located on the 51st floor of the fantasy tower. It had beautiful atmosphere—menu items are ala cart .The filet mignon was fabulous as well as the seafood pasta! Wine list was excellent!! Our bill for four was around $375. *Ghostbar- beautiful view, there was no where to sit, as tables had to be reserved. Beer and wine- $10*Moon- We only waited in line a few minutes as when the guy came to let a group go, he let us because we were guest at the hotel. We didn’t have to use our pass, as we got stamped at the Ghostbar. Again—we could not sit at a table because all were reserved at $350 minimum. The dance floor was very small and crowded. We enjoyed watching the girls dance above the dance floor. Drinks- beer and wine $12. At around 2am—we had to leave because it was so smoky we couldn’t’ hardly breathe.*Playboy Club—the only one in the world (hard to believe) this was not for dancing, only gambling (blackjack) we enjoyed a drink and watched others gamble. We really enjoyed seeing all the pictures (which changed every few minutes) Very classy setting. It was freezing in there though!! *Gambling- Don’t forget to join the club—you receive points and can redeem them. We were disappointed that even though we were told that we could get discounts at the restaurants in the hotel—they were not honored!! There are plenty of slots to choose from, yet I had no luck. The cocktail waitress did come around quite often. The small stakes Texas holdem’ was fun. The waitress was prompt and friendly. We ordered complimentary jager bombs and bailey and coffee!! The front table stayed full most afternoons until late in the evening.*Security- readily visible, especially around the elevators all afternoon and evening.*Internet- $12.99 for 24 hours- that is so ridiculous- for the price of the rooms—it should be free!! When we checked out and reviewed our bill we saw a charge for using the phone when we never used it. The clerk stated that there is a charge regardless if you used it or not. Also we were charged $25 for eating at the 24/7 café and we hadn’t. She did take that off our bill without giving us a hard time.All in all the Palms is a lovely hotel. It does, however caters to the younger crowd and especially the VIP. If you are into the celebrity scene—that may be the place for you!! It had a great view of the mountains and strip, It was, however a bit far from the strip. If you stay there-plan on spending some money cuz everything cost!!	
Aug 6 2007 	room was shabby.	The room was a junior suite on the 17th floor. Great view. The room was shabby and worn looking. Had some really nasty stains on the sofa and chair. Bathroom was clean and a great showerOverall not too bad just needs some care	
Jul 27 2007 	Fun and hip	My girlfriend and I booked the hotel at Expedia when they had the Stay one night get the second free promotion. We booked the Regular Room at the Palms Tower but when we checked in, we were offered a free upgrade to the Fantasy Tower. We tried checking in at 12 noon but were told to wait until 3pm. We were so glad that we waited for our room. It was amazing!We got a room at the end of the hallways, so we could see views of the strip clearly. We had two huge windows, one facing Rio and the other one facing Bellagio. It was incredible!The room was very comfortable and clean. Everything is spotless. The new rooms had a big plasma TV and bose audio system. The bed was very comfortable with huge down pillows. The hotel also gave complimentary passes to the nightclub there. Go to the ghostbar and you'll see amazing views of the strip from the 55th floor! The Palms have a free shuttle to the strip, but is only until 6.30pm and leaves the property every 2 hours, so you probably need to get a cab to go to the strip which averages around 10 to 15 dollars depending on traffic.Everything during our stay was perfect and the restaurant Alize had really tasty meals and friendly staff. We love the Palms and will definitely be back.(One thing to note though, on Tuesdays and weekends, the entrance of the Fantasy Tower will be surrounded by people waiting in line to get to the Moon or Playboy club.)	
Jul 23 2007 	Absolutely the best place (best value) to stay in Vegas	If you like to be pampered, you will love the Palms in Vegas! Customer Service is their top priority and it shows. Everyone went out of their way to please us and meet any special requests we had. Every employee was happy and pleasant to talk to. Everything in the hotel and casino is in perfect condition and clean. They have excellent options for restaurants and buffet. The pool is fabulous! Also, a variety of clubs to suit variety of ages. Still seems somewhat tailored to &lt;40 age range. We encountered one problem which was probably unique to our situation and they quickly offered free room service for our inconvenience. Our satisfaction was very important to them. Overall is was a great experience!	
Jul 20 2007 	Palms made the Perfect long weekend!!	A group of 11 girls (23-24) stayed at The Palms for Memorial Day Weekend and had the time of our lives! The Palms is the perfect place for a group of friends who want to have a good time. We squeezed in 5 and 6 girls per Suite with no problem at all - just don't tell the hotel that you plan on having more than 2 people stay per room or they will charge you an additional $30 per person per night. Sharing 4 keys between 11 people was annoying, but totally worth the savings. We contacted the Palms directly to get a special rate and also to ensure that we didn't have to wait at any of the lines at their clubs (Playboy Lounge, Moon, Rain, GhostBar).Friday - we ate at Nove which was pretty good Italian food, pretty expensive (but that's everywhere in Vegas). However, the benefit of eating here was that you could take a side entrance into Playboy Lounge and Moon (without dealing with lines of people). Originially they wanted $60 cover per person, but we simply asked if we could get in for free (since it was 11 cute girls) and they let us in for free, gave us VIP wristbands (saw John O'Hurley from Seinfeld), gave us all the Ketel One vodka we wanted, and were able to sit at a table without paying for bottle service. It was pretty amazing. They also let us into Moon for free - I recomend getting one of the Tables that is out on the balcony - it overlooks the entire Strip (very beautiful).The pool at the Palms on Saturday was pretty low-key and we went to Tao at the Venitian for dinner (AMAZING Asian food) - I reccomend it to everyone!On Sunday, we went to The Palms Pool and got out there pretty early (9am), which was an excellent idea because they had a &quot;pool party&quot; and it got packed very quickly. non-guests had to pay $45 to get in...We had a blast and would reccomend it to anyone wanting to get a tan and have some drinks and listen to loud party music with a huge amount of people. It wasn't as &quot;spring-breaky&quot; as it could've been; I feel like it was a lot of people 21 and older. There weren't any raunchy contests or people with no tops on.Half of our group went to see Cirque D' Solei &quot;O&quot; at the Belagio, which was pretty amazing but I don't think it was worth the $100 ticket.FYI: If you plan on going to the Strip and walking around to the different casinos wear COMFORTABLE shoes. It felt like a mile walk just walking from the Belagio to Ceasar's. We did take a break at Wild Bill's Casino because they had cheap beer (and we needed to rest our feet!)We were planning on going to Pure nightclub in Ceasar's Palace on Saturday night, but the line was insane (an hour wait at least).In conclusion, the Palms staff made us feel like VIPs in their hotel and we had an AMAZING time that we are still talking about to this day. The Palms is perfect for a bachelorette or bachelor party (we met at least 6 different groups of bachelor parties). It's also perfect for a group of guys or girls from 21 to 29 who want to have a good time. NOTE (especially for guys): be prepared to spend a LOT of money - nothing is cheap, unless someone else is paying for your drinks...	
Jul 19 2007 	If you fit the target audience - it's great	After using trip advisor numerous times, I wanted to contribute, so please bare with my first review.I stayed at the Palms in Las Vegas for 6 nights spanning June/July 2007. It was my first trip to Vegas, and I had read up quite a bit. I'm 27, and was quite frankly, looking to party and enjoy myself. I was interested in being around similar minded people. In that regard, The Palms was perfect. The rates on the weekend during the summer are pretty exhorbitant - $300 - $400 a night. Weekday rates were much more reasonable low to mid $100's. Overall, I averaged about $200 a night plus 9% tax. I certainly could have found cheaper, and I've no interest in throwing money away, but I felt I got value. What exceeded my expectation?* The room, though pretty basic amenity wise, was close to perfect. It was spotless and obviously either new or newly renovated. I run a lodging business myself, so I undertand the cycle of a room from new to the time it needs renovation, so while I give credit to the room for being in excellent condtion, it was basically new.* The nightlife at Palms. I expected it to be fun, but now there are three popular nightclubs in the resort itself. The new Moon clubs is very chic. The older Rain I guess is losing it's status to other clubs. I didn't go there, but saw a long line to get in, so it can't be completely washed up. Ghost Bar is a cool smaller venue, and also had quite a line. With lines to three clubs in a fairly small central area by Vegas Standards (this certainly isn't like MGM, Mirage, etc.), you really feel you are in the middle of something pretty much from 10 p.m. to about 5 a.m.* The guests at Palms. I already mentioned my age and desire to be around like minded people. * The Pool scene. This was a lot of fun. I went To the party on Friday and had a blast all day. Saturday, though not a party was almost as crowded and as much fun. It got a lot slower during the week - no surprise I guess. You had to be a guest to use the pool, except on Friday, which you a non-guest could buy their way in for $30 I think. I met quite a few people on non-party days who weren't staying at the hotel, but instead across the street at cheaper places like Orleans and Rio. Supposedly, a bribe to the guy at the door gets you in without a problem. The only thing I REALLY DIDN&quot;T LIKE at the pool was that if you left your chair for a while, they would give it to somebody else, even if you left some belongings there. Nothing like walking to the bar and coming back to find a stranger in chair. *Food court - Don't ask me why, but I was for some reason thrilled that there was a small food court with McDonalds, Sbarro, and some quick Chinese place. Sometimes, you just don't want to spend $20 eating a few bites from the buffet. What pretty much met expectations:* Restaurants, staff, overall cleanliness, etc. I'm not a gambler, but if I were, I probably would have been dissapointed by the size of the casino. It is a fraction of the size of others. Palms really is more about the party than the gambling. * Concierge got me tickets to see KA. Though I find it funny that she just ordered them off of the Vegas.com website. (Super, Great, Fantastic, Wonderful, show by the way) What missed expectations:* There was a kind of horrible noise coming from the bathroom. It's just a plumbing issue, but something nobody seemed interested in fixing.* Getting charged $5 for somebody to bring a package to my room. I certainly could have picked it u myself when I walked by the business center every few hours. It's a small amount, but felt as though I was purposely not told about fee. It's more the principle than the pain. * Getting dinged for a small bottle of wine I never had out of The mini-bar. Later, I realized it was because I took the bottle opener and must have done something to register on their computer system. * The promoted free shuttle to the Strip is pretty much worthless. It comes every 2 hours for about 10 hours out of the day and only drops you off at two malls (Fashion and Ceasers). The driver told me that they used to run non-stop, but usually just ran around empty, so they cut back. It's a $8 - $12 taxi ride. It seems to me that an intelligent hotel manager would make arrangements with the Rio and/or Orleans for a joint shuttle if they aren't busy enough. * $10 a night internet. I know I shouldn't complain about this, as it's becoming more and more common, and some hotels charge much higher prices, but sheesh... A high speed commercial internet connection to the hotel costs what.. $200 a month? A few pieces of $50 equipment? And 1000+ rooms? can't you just offer one small complimentary service that will make me feel good? You can even force a bunch of promotions to my computer screen - I won't mind. * Pepsi machine on floor. First, they would not Except bills under any circumstance, despite having the part to do this. Trying different floors to find a machine that would take bills (I never did find one), I learned that some floors have $3 Diet Pepsis and other floors have $2 Diet Pepsis. They tried to get me, but I outsmarted them. Take that Maloof brothers. So as you can see, the Palms nailed all the important stuff, and my complaints are pretty petty. I would love to stay there again. Actually, I'm going back to Vegas in August and tried to book again, but they bumped their rates to $550 a night on the weekend. Hopefully Hardrock will be as much fun at 1/2 the price.	
Jul 12 2007 	Great stay at the palms	I stayed at the palms in may. I have to say it was a great experience overall. The hotel room was a typical deluxe double and the beds were definately some of the most comfortable and inviting that I have ever slept in. The view from the room we had was spectacular at night as you could see all the way to mandalay bay. Service was prompt, we had an issue with our lamp and someone was sent to our room within 5 mins. Room rate I got was spectacular and enjoyed every minute of my stay at the palms. I was worried about the palms since I had read a lot of bad reviews, but I had a great time and would recommend it to all my friends.	
Jul 11 2007 	Wouldn't go back... I'll go back to the Hard Rock or on the strip next time.	I stayed at the Palms over July 1st weekend, Thursday-Monday. I must say upon first impression, I liked the place. I arrived on Thursday afternoon (I knew it was off-strip, so that was fine) and was impressed by the overall appearance. Check-in was a breeze, there was no one there, the casino was very empty, but it was Thursday. Room was nice, good design, clean. Immediately called housekeeping for more towels, robes, etc. We had three in the room, so we needed more. They arrived quickly, great! Then the shine began to wear off. I walked down to the casino level to look around, and noticed a LINE for the pool. It was 4pm, on a 105 degree day. I was taken aback by that. Went back up, I took a quick shower, and the drain was stopped up. Tried to brush my teeth, and the sink didn't drain either. Friends arrived, we called maintenance, and went off for dinner. After we came back, bathtub was fixed, but sink was not. Next day, after a day out, we came back to a partially cleaned room. New sheets, new towels, but trash was not removed, dirty glasses were left. Other friends arrived, checked-in and they were sent to a dirty room. We went to use the pool, early remembering the LINES, and after waiting 30 minutes to get the 1/2 of the pool area that was closed and finding empty chaises at the pool's edge, were told they were reserved. No signs on these. Blonde waitress said, oh I meant to put the signs here. Well, sorry, we waited for 1/2 an hour for opening, and we chose these. She got &quot;lifeguard&quot; muscle and after we expressed our disapointment with our stay thus far. we were allowed to keep them. Got back to the room that day, and the SAME trash was not emptied, same dirty glasses, but we had new sheets and towels. At the Spa, was ready to workout in the gym, excited to use a trainer, but was told he wasn't in this weekend. I said there is only ONE? Apparently so. Trash cans were over flowing in the gym, with empty water bottles. In the men's lockerroom, fruit basket had one apple. Asked for a banana, and was told sure thing. Came out of my shower, same apple left, trash cans not emptied. Said, could I get that banana? Oh, right, sure thing, they finally arrived. Rude waitress at the 24-Cafe. Sink still backed up. And to top it off, day of check-out, we called down to the front desk for a late check-out at 1pm, and at 1130am, they sent a family of 4 with 2 babies to our room to occupy it. I felt so bad for them. The hotel comped us our last night, and took off the internet charges, for about a $150 savings. The concierge was helpful and got us Celine tickets for the same day on Friday. Other than that, and the fact that, yes, it is a nice chic LOOKING hotel, their operations need a serious overhaul. I wouldn't recommend the Palms.	
Jul 10 2007 	Modern young and fun	My husband and I stayed at the Palms from Sunday through Tuesday in early July. Check-in was seamless, and we were upgraded from a deluxe guestroom to a junior suite. We were disappointed at first, as we were hoping for a superior guestroom in the newer Fantasy Tower, but our room was generously-sized (especially the bathroom--loved the Aveda amenities, plus toothpaste, women's razor and eyedrops) and featured two windows with fantastic views (one faced the mountains and the other faced the strip. I had read previously about the indifference of hotel/casino staff, but the staff I encountered during my stay were nothing but courteous and professional. The only customer service grievance I have is that I had left my mobile phone charger plugged in when I checked out of the room, and no one was able to return it to me (even after a visit to the front desk and multiple phone calls over the next two days). We visited the pool late Sunday afternoon, and were able to find a comfortable wicker chair for two. The pool definitely has a party atmosphere best suited to twentysomethings, but we saw a couple children who appeared to be having fun. We were unable to attend the nightclubs (we were given free passes and line passes at check-in) and restaurants due to time constraints, but did order room service. Delivery was fast and friendly. The food court offered a wide variety of fast food options, from McDonalds to Chinese to Pizza to Ben &amp; Jerrys. As for the casino itself, I noticed a mix of older patrons who may have been locals, along with the younger clientele. The decor is modern, yet classy--a departure from the traditional Vegas flash. A side note: I read somewhere that there's nothing for kids to do at the Palms, however, I noticed a storefront for a children's program just inside the food court. Overall, my husband and I both enjoyed the Palms and would love to return.	
Jul 8 2007	The good and the bad!	From check-in to check-out, there were some dislikes and likes. The cons: Customer service was pretty bad all around, from reception, Club card service, bar service, housekeeping... I was not impressed. My husband and are I are early 30's and we travel to Las Vegas about 4-6 times per year. We stayed at the Palms for the pool and the low price. At check-in, there were not ready for us at 2:30 pm and said they would call should anything become available. We never received a call, but we did check-in at 6:00pm. However, by this time there were no more King rooms available. So, when planning a romantic vacation with your spouse, it is strange to sleep in double beds. Although we were disappointed, the room was clean and nice view of the Palms tower and the pool. Housekeeping cleaned our room even though we had a privacy sign hanging on the door? Club Card service told us two different stories on earning points and they would not honor the points were earned? However, the pros: The pool is nice and inviting, the casino and rooms are very clean and the price was great. Next time, however, we will probably book elsewhere.	
Jul 1 2007 	Everything I expected and more!	As a graduation gift for myself ( MPA) and a birthday present for my husband I decided to book a trip to Las Vegas! I always wanted to stay at the Palms after watching Real World...so I did my research on Trip Advisor and booked the room directly with the hotel. They have special dates that have reduced rates if you go directly to their website. We arrived early and they checked our luggage and gave us a key to pool. We checked the pool out but decided to gamble instead. The buffet was amazing, we ate their every morning. The staff was great! We couldn't figure out our TV and withing 30 minutes someone was at our door. When we checked in I asked to be upgraded and she did without any hesitation!!! So save the money and book the regular room and then just ask at check in to be upgraded! We also recieved complimentary entrance to the Play Boy Club, Moon and Ghost Bar just by asking. I can't wait to go back and I will definately stay here. This hotel is great for young couples, singles and young adults that just want to have a good time. I would not bring my kids...nothing for them to do at this hotel.	
Jun 25 2007 	Fun Hotel for groups of friends	i stayed here for two nights on June 21st 2007. the Plams is offf the strip so you have to take a cab to go anywhere (or a long walk) Our room was in the Fantasy Tower (junior suite) and was well furnished, nice large flat screen tv, clean-large bathroom nice king bed. They actually brought us up a roll-up since there was 3 of us staying there.the pool is great, large and actually there are two of them with numerous lounge chairs and cabanas, but go early if you want a seat near the pool and reserve your chairs!!! On Fridays, it is their pool party and it is worth getting a cabana if you are with a group of people. There are really nice, especially the new ones.The food at the pool is good as well as the drinks, the service is quick, however it is pricey, but after staying at the Four Seasons for two days, the prices were actually around the same, so i guess it is the going rates for drinks around there. i ACTUALLY LIKED MY ROOM AT THE PALMS BETTER THAN THE FOUR SEASONS, service wise, the FS blows it away.Ate at 9 Steakhouse, and it was great, I have eaten there before (last 4 years) and it is still really good.The casino is fun at night, the lines for the clubs are really long, so if you can use a host or get a table(bottle) in order to not have to wait an hour to get in.Last year I stayed in the Palms tower (53210 room number) and I actually had access through the elevator straight up to the Ghost bar, so I didnt have to wait at all.I like the Palms, it is for a relatively young crowd, however I saw all different ages having fun at the pool and in the casino. Would not recommend for family's with small children.	
Jun 23 2007 	Nice hotel - not really trendy	I recently booked a stay at the Palms based on its reputation as a trendy hotel. I stayed in the Palms Tower, and my junior suite was upgraded to a &quot;grand&quot; suite. The room was clean and comfortable and the amenities were nice. However the room was no different than any of the thousands of Marriots around the world. Nor were the casino, or any of the restaurants any more trendy than other casino hotels in Vegas. The pool was nice, but not nearly as nice as other pools at hotels on the strip - and definitely not welcoming of children (though I did not have one). I think what's trendy about the hotel is the scene. However, most hotels in Vegas have bars and clubs that are at least as cutting edge as the Palms.That said, the room was comfortable, clean, and everything operated. My one maintenance request was fulfilled almost immediately. The one downside was the check-in/check-out. The line to check in was over 30 minutes long, and if I hadn't checked out via the television, the line to check out was at least as long.Its worth noting that the hotel is not on the strip, and cabs to the nearest strip hotels are at least $10. All things considered, I'll stay somewhere else next time.	
Jun 11 2007 	Don't Believe the Hype	We booked a one night stay through the Palms website for a Deluxe King room for $159/night. We were looking forward to staying at the Palms to enjoy the restaurants and nightlife. At check-in, we were upgraded to a Grand Suite free of charge. The Grand Suite is actually two adjoining standard hotel rooms, with some couches in place of the bed in one of the rooms. After dropping our things in the room were went downstairs to check out the restaurants and pool. The majority of the restaurants were closed for private functions the night we stayed, as was the pool. When we inquired about the clubs, we found that only Ghost Bar and the Playboy Club were open- again, the others were closed for private functions. My girlfriend and I gambled for a while- she found the casino workers at the roulette table to be very nice, while the blackjack dealer I had could not have been more miserable. Our night improved when we decided to leave the Palms and head to Pure @ Caesars to catch the PussyCat Doll Show. (recommended)When we returned to the Palms much later we visited Ghost bar for a drink. For a Thursday night the place was not very busy. The complimentary passes for hotel guests were the only thing that made the visit worthwhile. Had we paid to get in, we would have been disappointed. Grabbed a quick bite at the 24/7 restaurant . Food was ok at best.It might be nice to notify hotel guests when restaurants, clubs, etc are unavailable. Had we known our options at the Palms that night were so limited, we probably would have booked elsewhere.	
Jun 10 2007 	Great place for young people!	Lots of fun stuff to do for the young crowd. Only problem with the place is that its so far off the strip. But very nice place overall!	
May 28 2007 	Professional but Unwelcome	We booked 2 ngts stay in early April, a double room at the old tower (forgot the name); after reading lots of feedbacks and comments, and that almost everyone got an upgrade to the new tower, we asked the check in if we can have an upgrade; the guy did not even raise his eyes throughout the checkin and coldly answer: we do not do that here&quot;; Ok, so it is a nice start.After check-in, we try to get some info on the shuttle service at the concierge desk, the girl there was actually flirting with another staff and I waited at least 3 minutes before she finally realized I am just at the desk waiting, (well, I actually want to test how fast and how good the service was) She gave me the timetable, then immediately turn away and continue flirting!!!!The room: very small in size compared to other hotels, it is very clean, amenities is nice, housekepping did a good job; but all in all, it is like any other ordinary room in any city; I statyed in diff hotels in Vegas and almost everyone has their own small specialties, but Palms has nothing.Location: far far off the strip, not walking distance at all, has to take car for sure, we did not even take the shutlle because the schedule is really not flexible and finsh at 5, WHO in the world at Vegas will go back to their room at 5. Service: one word: BAD or NO EFFORT MADENOTHING impress me or lure me to go back to Palms, the location, food , rooms is very moderate. I will not say the staff are rude, they are professional, but cold and what [--] me is they do not make an effort to serve you right and make you feel welcome. I am on vacation, there are other much better hotels than Palms in Vegas to make you feel more comfortable and welcome.	
May 23 2007	Not off to a good start....	My hubby and I rented a party suite at the Palms for our 20th anniversary party with about 20 friends. First off, they called me the night before we left home to tell me that the current guest in the Celebrity Suite I had booked was refusing to leave, so they bumped me to the Hot Pink Suite. It was 350 square feet more room...but still kind of a hassle considering my invites had listed the suite name. Then, we arrived and there was no limo pickup as promised. I ended calling the hotel and after getting bounced around I ended up talking to someone in the transportation pool. He told me that had never received any info regarding my pick up. He finally drove down himself in a limo that hadn't been cleaned (glasses with lipstick prints on them in the drink holders). I complained about this when I got to the hotel and was connected to someone who told me &quot;he'd make it right&quot;. Then, when it came time for my party, the bouncer at the entrance to the bank of elevators that lead to the party suites refused to tell my guests what floor the party was on or what the room number was! He said, &quot;If she's your friend, YOU should know what room number she's in!&quot; Finally, they found the party, but needless to say were aggravated about wandering around looking for the suite! I called downstairs and the girl at the front desk, actually suggested that I come down to the lobby and register all my party guests as staying in the room, so I could hand out room keys to them!! That was just crazy and I told her so. Then, during my party my husband received a call on his cell phone confirming a pick up at the airport for 11:00 PM that night! What?! Evidently, this was the pick up that was supposed to happen at 11:00 AM that morning! Finally, I spoke to the event contact person who listened to my varied complaints and promised to do something to make it up to me. When I checked out the next morning, he had wiped out our room service bar tab (I never found out how much it would have been...I'm guessing under $500?) and reduced my room rate. So, they did comp me something but all in all, it was not exactly a smooth experience.	
May 17 2007 	First trip to Vegas and Loved It!	Arrived on Friday, and the pool was packed for their &quot;Ditch Fridays&quot; party. The rest of the weekend did not have trouble finding a chair, but we were always down there by 10:00. Great extra long towels and water was a perfect temp. Loved the 6 in. shallow pool to lay down in. Lucky enough to dine at N9NE, service was nice, macaroni &amp; cheese awesome as a side (my favorite). The &quot;do not disturb&quot; and &quot; housekeeping&quot; buttons by the door were nice to have and the beds were amazing. We looked forward to crashing in them every night. We stayed in the Fantasy Tower with a great view of the pool from our 11th floor room. Nice large shower and flat-screen TV. Casino was pretty standard, 24 hour McDonalds in the food court was nice after staying up till 2am gambling. Visited Playboy Club and Moon Nightclub on Sunday night and were pretty disappointed by how dead it was. Playboy Club was basically another casino with bunnies dealing the cards whereas we had expected more of a nightclub. Be warned, if you are expecting free drinks while playing video poker at Playboy Club, you must have $20 in and betting max bet every time or else you are paying for that $12 drink.Stayed with someone who was considered &quot; VIP&quot; there so got picked up by a green limo at the airport, free beverages in the VIP checkin, passes to all nightclubs in the resort, and just overall good service.	
May 17 2007 	Loved it!! Can't wait to go back!!!	This place was awesome!!! my husband and I went for our honeymoon. The room was amazing...the only problem we had was that the TV in the bathroom did not work. We called for them to come fix it and they never did. Other than that, everything was great. We had an awesome view. The pool was nice and clean. The hotel was not very crowded....that was a plus. We went to some other hotels in the area and they were mobbed with people. All the employees were nice. The Mexican restaurant inside the hotel was wonderful. Ghost bar was very nice. We went during the week so it wasn't too crowded....I cannot wait to return again!!!!!!	
May 15 2007	Good Stay at The Palms	Just got back from 4 night stay at The Palms. Arrived late Thursday night. Didn't have double room we requested but we switched the next day with no problem. Rooms were a good size and had really comfortable beds. Aveda tolietries were nice also and really liked super large bath towels. Went to Ghostbar and Moon night we arrived and had a blast. Really like the outdoor space and it is surreal to be partying high above the strip. There is a $20 cover that gets you into both clubs and Playboy club. Ate at Nove for dinner. It was really nice and food was great. Do not waste money at Bistro Buffet. Went there for breakfast and it was not good...cheap food and not many choices. Food court is convenient to grab quick bite. Pool party on Friday was fun. Gets busy so need to get down there by 10 to get a chair. Service at pool is really good and food is awesome. I would consider staying at the Palms again esp. b/c the rates are so good and they have a good choice of restaturants and nightlife.	
May 12 2007 	Problems at first- but finally fixed	I arrived at the Palms a little bit before check-in and the front desk person took my cell number and said they would call me when my room was ready. He said just to check my bags with the valet - well after waiting 20 minutes for someone to come to the bell desk I gave up and hauled my luggage through the casino with me. At 4:40 I decided to check about my room because I had not received any call. I asked to speak with the manager and he quickly apologized and told me that he would immediately send up a bottle of liquor and some mixers for my trouble. That was very nice, BUT after an hour of waiting for my refreshments I called room service to see if they were coming. He had not even put in the order yet! The assistant manager finally got the drinks sent to the room, and we had an alright stay at Palms. I got the feeling that the staff couldn't care less about you or customer satisfaction. However, one good thing was the eye drops they give you in the bathroom - it's a real &quot;eye-opener&quot;.	
May 5 2007 	Love the Palms I pratically live here...	The Palms is without a doubt my favorite hotel in Las Vegas (I'm a local). There's plenty to do (spa, movie theatre, AWESOME concert venue, not to mention FOUR club venues) and I love this place. The food is great, there's something for every price range. The rooms in the Fantasy Tower are beautiful. I stayed here in December for my 21st birthday celebration and I was NOT disappointed. I'm planning on spending my 22nd birthday here too!!!Beware, some of the security guards are totally power tripping (mainly the ones in the club and outside the towers checking for keys). The front desk staff is wonderful! If you want a great rate, try checking the online wholesalers; especially this summer. A lot of the websites are doing buy one night get the second night free promotions for week nights. I booked one online for $107 on the first night with the second night free!If you have small children, this might not be the best place to stay. There are activities for them (small arcade, movie theatre, childcare facility), but if you are trying to keep from exposing them to the 21 and up Vegas crowd, this is not the place. Most of the hotel caters to the senior citizen crowd during the day and the 21 and up crowd at night. If you don't fit one of those groups, you might be uncomfortable. Otherwise, it's a great time!	
Apr 18 2007 	Better than expected	Just got back from a 1 night stay at the Palms. I booked a stay in a superior room in the Fantasy Tower. Upon arrival I was upgraded to a premier corner room without even asking. The room was better than I anticipated. Large King bed, large flat screen TV and &quot;hip&quot; modern decor. Room was very spacious and probably more than I needed since I was traveling alone. View was great with two corner windows facing the strip; although be warned that the strip is probably a mile away if you intend to walk to it. My only complaint is the bathroom. Don't get me wrong, it is large and well appointed, but as a previous reviewer commented, the sink is an engineering disaster. It is impossible to wash your hands or even rinse you toothbrush without pouring water all over the granite countertop. I almost electricuted myself when I left the blowdryer plugged in sitting on the countertop as I tried to wash my face and noticed the water flowing all over the top surface.Besides this flaw in design, the room and service were very good. I would certainly stay there again.	
Apr 13 2007 	maybe a bit too cool for school	I was in Vegas on business with my girlfriend tagging along, and my company booked us at the Palms. I had heard about how youthful and trendy it had become, so I was curious. I'm 42, so not quite into the twenty-something scene anymore, but thought it would be a nice break from the depressing scene at most other casino hotels.It was definately hip and happening, but often annoyingly so. The areas around the fantasy tower felt like a meat-market neon-night club, with maybe a few too many twenty-somethings dressed all alike (guys: fashionable blue jeans, leather shoes, button up long-sleeve shirt with cuffs rolled back one fold, killer looking wrist watch, tassled/spiked hair. Girls: high heels, mini skirts and tiny dresses, tiny purses, hair ironed flat) and trying to see and been seen.There were bouncer-like guards posted at the base of the Fantasy tower, checking to see if people had room keys. This was reassuring, but it also added to the whole grease-ball-night-club-bouncer feel. I kept joking with my girlfriend that I was going to be denied access to our room because I wasn't wearing trendy clothes. We made great sport counting the number of guys we saw stalking about in the same style of trendy threads and hairdos. At one point we counted six before we could get 15 yards from the front desk.I had a room in the fantasy tower, and the room was wonderful. The LCD wide screen TV was nice when it worked (the digital channels tended to freeze up a lot), and the jacuzi tub was fantastic. The bed was comfortable. My girlfriend and I could not get the wireless keyboard/internet to work. The lighting around the entertainment center was sorely lacking, making it hard to see anything there. Bring a flashlight.I was thrilled at the assortment of soaps, toothpaste, shaver and other goodies there for you. It came in handy since we forgot some things -- saved us a walk through the meat-market to go get these things from the front desk.Food at the Palms' 24/7 cafe was so-so. For some reason it took a long time to get seated, even though there were easily a half dozen tables vacant. Weird... (is it trendy to make people wait nowadays?) and a snooty waiter made the experience even less memorable. We ended up finding a hugely better meal across the street at the otherwise boring Gold Coast Casino. There is a fantastic Dim Sum Chinese restaurant inside. Well worth the wait to get into that joint. (we do dim sum in Chinatown, Los Angeles and this was as good).Would we go back to the Palms? Probably not.	
Apr 11 2007 	Room = great overall = just ok	We stayed at The Palms for a friends' 40th birthday. The stay was just ok, with the exception of the room. Upon arriving, we waited at the front desk with no other travelers to check-in and waited, and waited, and waited. Finally, the girl said, &quot;Oh, I'm sorry. Are you waiting to check-in?&quot; Whatever, like she didn't see us. Anyway, she was kind enough to upgrade us to the Fantasy Tower and a beautiful suite. The room was clean and huge with three plasma tv's, separate living room, and bathroom with jacuzzi tub and the third plasma. It was indeed a very nice room with an awesome view which totally made our stay.Regarding our stay, the casino and restaurants in the hotel were quite boring. Not many people there. No real draw factor. There was a UFC fight scheduled for that week so the majority of the folks we saw were young and covered with tattoos. Not our crowd. The pool was open and non-eventful. Women walked around in small bikini's which I totally approve of, but walking around in 4 inch heels?????? Come on. There was drinking ongoing at the pool which is fine, but not when beer cans are being tossed around the pool and left there. We got a sandwich from the Vegas Sandwich Shop which was very good and not pricey, but I had to wait 20 minutes for it. It's a counter service sandwich shop, not a sit-down and several other people were just as angry as myself.The Playboy Club / Moon club is located in the hotel and saw some nice sites entering and leaving, but I'm not paying $40 for cover. Then again, you're in Vegas. Everything associated with &quot;partying&quot; is expensive.They have shuttles at a price to take you to the strip or airport, but found a cab was actually cheaper. They also have a movie theater located in the hotel / casino, but I just couldn't go since I could see a movie anytime at home. But I was quite tempted as there was nothing really to do at the PalmsWould I stay there again....probably not. Too far from the strip to actually enjoy Vegas and not enough to make me stay at the Palms.	
Apr 10 2007	would not go back if you paid me	asked for a room with a nice view was given a room with a view of construction site next door. there were holes in the comforter and chairs Stains on the carpet. the toilet had not be flushed (there was something floating.. i am sure that you can imagine) The bathroom plumming shook the walls to where i thought the mirror would fall. the front desk was very rude when we asked for a differnt room. Told that we would have to wait and speak with a manager who wouldnt be in until the next morning. we were only staying on night. Avoid Avoid Avoid.	
Apr 9 2007 	A Few things to know before you go!	My wife and I just got back from spending six nights at the Palms. I wanted to touch on a few things that I wish I had known before I left. We had a very early flight out of Philadelphia, I wanted to get to Las Vegas in plenty of time to enjoy my first day of vacation, when the Palms says check in is a three- they mean it! I knew that getting there at 10:30 am would be too early to check in, the front desk took my number and said they would call as soon a room was ready. We found plenty to do until 2:30 when I checked back at the desk where the female employee let me know that &quot;check in is 3 not 2:30&quot; after a six hour flight I really just wanted to check in a get a shower. Once we did get to our room it was great. We stayed in the fantasy tower which had a huge king size bed a hot tub and great views! I spent some time at the sportsbook which has very nice employees....keep in mind that you can't bet on NBA action as the owners of the Palms also own an NBA team. For food I would hit the cheaper spots like 24/7 and stay away from the high end places. We spent over $200 on a meal for two at Nove and the food was not that great. I would plan on hitting the pool, get there early as it gets busy by noon. The staff there is outstanding! If you plan on getting food or drink keep in mind that it is going to take A LONG TIME until you see your server again with your drink of food....if your really in a rush just hit the bar that is right by the pool. We did go to the Pearl to see a UFC event this venue is top notch. I am sure any event held there would be worth going to see. The Palms was a very nice hotel just dont plan on getting to your room anytime before three!!!	
Mar 29 2007 	Mortified Mom	Our family went from March25th - March 27th to have a nice weekend get~away and celebrate our sons birthday.. What a celebration..I checked in to the hotel at noon was told my room was not ready. The front desk agent told me that they would call me when the room was ready..We received no call and went back at 530 pm to check on the status of our room. We were given a room but it was not what was previously requested. After talking to the front desk and finding out it was a sold out evening we had to waut until the next morning to get an alternate room. The following day we were indeed upgraded to the Fantasy Tower into a beautiful suite thanks to Hotel Manager... The room was clean and huge. The kids enjoyed the three plasma tv's, seperate living room, and bathroom with jacuzzi tub... Very nice room... what I expected from this hotel. The only problems is the next day as we were cleaning up the toys getting ready to check out my husband found drugs in the room... I was mortified, thinking about the what-ifs...I know you cant control what goes into a room with people but the cleaning ladies need to do a better job cleaning. I also think if a customer had a problem perhaps they need to double check before reassigning a room to ensure it meets standards.I dont think I will go back to the Palms... Have stayed at almost all hotels on the strip and have gotten better service all the way around... beware if going with the kids...	
Mar 23 2007 	Pleasant stay at the Palms	My boyfriend &amp; I decided on the Palms for a 3-night, 2-day stay in Vegas in March. The rates were reasonable and we liked the reputation for attracting a young crowd. We had no problems upon check-in except receiving a room with 2 beds instead of the 1 king that we had requested. The woman at the front desk was polite and told us to check in the next day around noon, and we did move to a room with a king bed the next day promptly at noon with no issues.Our first room was 8-117, which overlooked the front drive of the casino and Flamingo Road. The room was spacious, the bathroom amenities were nice, and the beds were comfortable, though maybe not deserving of their &quot;Most Comfortable Bed in Vegas&quot; title. There are a lot of pillows, a thick comforter and two sheets. I found it a little excessive personally but wasn't bothered by it.Our second room, 30-112, overlooked the Fantasy Tower and the pool. It was also clean and exactly as described. Our one gripe with the rooms was that the air conditioning cools the area directly in front of it but really does nothing to cool the rest of the room. As it was March, this was not a major problem, but during the summer months it may be more of a hassle.As for the rest of the property, we ate at the 24/7 Cafe 3 times, twice for breakfast and once for a snack after dinner. The staff in the mornings was a bit surly and service was slow - a couple eventually stormed out on our 2nd morning there. In the morning, it was a completely different atmosphere - the waitstaff was pleasant and hurrying to help everyone. We also ate at the Panda Express in the food court once. It was overpriced but quick - something that can't be said about the makeshift buffet that is open until the new Fantasy Buffet is done. We waited in line for the buffet for 10 minutes while tables were open before leaving.We are not big gamblers but did use some of the slot and video poker machines and had no complaints. The Palms' casino floor doesn't have the dark, depressing atmosphere as some of the other casinos and is comparatively quiet. We also sat out by the pool one afternoon and really enjoyed the atmosphere and design of the area.My only hesitation about the Palms is its distance from the Strip. We spent $10 on a one-way trip to the Strip each time. There are always cabs waiting in the front drive, so it is no problem, but the time and money adds up. If you don't want to see any of the other hotels and want to take advantage of the Palms' restaurants, clubs, and quiet casino floor, by all means, stay here, but if you are a first-timer like we were, I would recommend staying on the Strip and saving the Palms until you are a Vegas veteran.	
Feb 12 2007 	Fabulous Hotel - Stay Here!	Have stayed in various hotels in Vegas, but this is one of the best! Staff were very helpful and our suite was fantastic - value for money too! Will definitely stay again.	
Jan 20 2007 	Great Nightclubs..Watch for the elevators	I stayed at the Palms resort on business from January 14-17 2008. The rooms are very nice with oversized pillows and down comforters. The nightclubs were the best part about the casino. The lounges had nice lighting and a cool atmosphere. The casino itself was VERY smokey. If you are non-smoker you will feel like you smoked a pack of cigarettes every morning when you wake up.A group of us got stuck in the elevator going up the Fantasy Tower. The hotel handled this in a horrible fashion. We had to call the fire department to help us. We were stuck for over an hour without air. Bring your cell phones with you in the elevator in case you have this problem. Apparently, the elevators are weight sensitive. This was the third &quot;elevator mishap&quot; in two days. The Palms is off the strip so you will need to take about a $10.00 cab ride to the strip. Overall, I would stay at the Palms again.	
Jan 19 2007 	Palms is a must... and affordable on weekdays	Booked a room on Travelocity the day before and got the same rate as at the Palms website. The Palms was one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Vegas, though I have to admit I usually prefer a cheap room to save money. Here are the highlights:* Easy access- it's right off the freeway at the Flamingo exit. There's a ton of daytime traffic, but no foot traffic so the left turn to the valet was easy. Check-in was smooth (3pm Monday) and the easily accessed elevators (Fantasy Tower) had a security guy who made sure only guests could go up.* Room!- The second you walk in you know you're at the Palms that everyone raves about. The room was very up-to-date, with nice linens and duvet, flat screen tv, Bose wave radio alarm clock by the bed (thinking about buying one now!), desk next to the window, bath that was huge, with marble counter, whirlpool bath/shower and the shower head was the highest I've ever seen. Usually I have to stooop to take a shower but this one was up there at over 6 feet and had great pressure. Comfy towels, close up swing away mirror and lots of goodies like body scrub, special shampoos and lotions, even a new razor and toothpaste! And this was the lowest priced room they have!* Food- went to the Italian restaurant which was expensive (steaks started at $44) but it is way up at the top (53rd floor) with a great view. They have an extensive Italian wine list. The 24/7 Cafe next to the casino had reasonably priced food, good quality, fast service and multiple big screen plasmas to watch if you're alone!*Clubs- The Playboy Club was awesome despite the $20 cover but most people were going to Ghostbar and guests get in free. They have a separate elevator and access is really controlled. The club is small, with a bar running most of one side. Lots of RESERVED signs on tables, so you might need reservations. The view out on the big pation was incredible. It's on the 55th floor and there's a plexiglass window in the floor that (if you have the guts) you can walk on! It was freezing out there (29 degrees) during this extra cold weather and they had no heat lamps. Come late March it should be more comfortable.Other things I can tell you is that there is a parking garage just off the east side of the hotel- make a left at the light before you get to the Palms- and it is close to the casino and the elevator. The slot machines weren't too loose, though I won on the huge Wheel of Fortune machine. The pool area is currently closed but looked awesome.The room has a well stocked bar but since the prices are outrageous don't touch anything, because when you remove a bottle you get electronically charged for it instantly! Then you have to explain why you didn't want it!	
Jan 16 2007	A big NO for the Palms	We booked a room in the old tower and the front desk lady upgraded us to a deluxe room in the new Fantasy tower. It was very nice of her,although she acted like she was on ecstasy or something,she was crazy and forced over-smiley....that's the Palms vibe i guess.We stepped into the room and it was a WOW room!!Dark and modern,comfy bed and beautiful bathroom. Then,you open the water in the bathroom's sink and it comes out that you cannot even wash your hands as the tap is too far away from the sink so you end up splashing all'over the sink's top...I mean,really splashing...tons of water..that's a bad construction thing!!After a while the room even if beautiful started to be boring and wannabe hip, we we're never very happy to go back in there. The loud music in the elevator is really annoying unless you're a 21/25 years old kid drunk or on drug,wich is your typical customer you have at the Palms(I'm 33,gf 31).They've just renovated their cafeteria,wich used to be called Sunrise cafe' and used to serve terrible food.Now it's called 24/7 cafe and the food it's still really disgusting. Oh...the staff have some attitude too.I guess mr Maloof need to take a vacation,he always looks tired in the pictures,so that he can comeback to his pplace more relaxed and clean iit from the mess a little bit.Did pretty good at the craps table,but no more Palms,thank you.	
Jan 3 2007	Bad service don't bother	valet service, the worst my husband and I experienced. Lazy valets, unsecure, our windows were wide open when we went to pick up our suv, they weren't open at all when we dropped it off. We were going to eat lunch at 24/7 cafe but couldn't get service, not even seated, a couple that were standing ahead of us were treated the same, left also. This hotel is overrated, over hyped, don't bother.	
Dec 31 2006 	wonderful stay	We stayed at the palms the 21st through the 25th. We had a great time. We had a rate of 89 and got a free up grade by just asking it was our anniversary. We had lots of free tolietries and they gave us an electronic razor everyday. the staff was friendly. Yes its off the strip but most the time the cab ride was $6 or $8 dollars so not bad. the cab to the airport from my house was $25 for me and my husband. Anyway there b-fest buffet is great its only $5.99 but it ends at 10 am and they close right at 10 am. on saturday they have brunch that is $11.99 it is not as good as the regular buffet. but there breakfast one is great. the cheapest i found., They also have a lunch and dinner buffet. The staff was friendly, i was able to get show tickets at the normal price, but they were curtious, held us a cab whenever we needed it. The room also was wonderful, nice soft bed, big jaccuzzi tub.Anyway for the price we paid we got a great hotel. There were hotels in the same price range, new york new york, but they looked a lot older, New york, new york was great to visit, but not to stay the night. I felt very happy about our stay., i would recommend anyone stay there	
Dec 19 2006 	Loved The Palms	I will admit I was a little hesitant about staying here after reading so many negative reviews, but I found an awesome deal through Expedia for the Thanksgiving holiday that we couldn't pass up. When we checked in, we asked if they had any room upgrades and we were accommodated. The frony desk staff was very courteous to us. The suites they gave us were at the end of the hall and overlooked the Strip. The rooms were very nice and clean. The Davies Gate product in the bathroom was great too. Numerous reviews mentioned that everyone was young in the casino, we did not find this to be the case when we were there---the average age of our group was 40 and we actually felt pretty young compared to a lot of the people that were there. We were also given complimentary passes to the Ghost Bar. What a fantastic view of all of Las Vegas - go up there and check that out - it's beautiful! All in all, I would definitely recommend staying at The Palms.	
Dec 10 2006 	The Palms: Rudest hospitality ever	Upon booking the room at The Palms, I realized it was pricier than most of the hotels. The Palms was also WAY off the strip. But, I thought, what the hell...my best friend had just received her Masters Degree in Architecture &amp; I had made some pretty big strides successfully that year and I thought why not splurge. I was sure it would be worth it. WRONG..the staff was arrogant, rude, &amp; snobby from the time we arrived. This is certainly not a &quot;customer friendly&quot; type of hotel. Basically, we were bothering the staff even simply upon checking in. The key to our room never worked. We had to go back down to the lobby and get a new key programmed everytime we tried to re-enter our room. The staff was very eager to explain that we were basically idiots and somehow desensitized the key...EVERYTIME ourselves. Security was rude, valet, front desk. Literally, nobody was friendly. It was bizarre. Also, as we were sitting playing slots one evening, at The Palms, a homeless man sat next to us and proceeded to steal our cigs and a bag. Literally, and then took off. We are like.. &quot;Hello...SECURITY&quot;. Did not feel safe, nobody cared if you were happy. You could get kinder hospitality at a prison.	
Dec 2 2006	wasn't impressed	It's just a hotel. However there is a Sonic within walking distance if youre hungry, and if you want to gamble the Gold Coast is right across the street.If you can get motel 6 prices it's worth a stay. They do have a nice pool that closes at 5:00 pm.	
Nov 27 2006 	Shakey start.... turned out great	We booked a king bed for thanksgiving week on Expedia a couple of months in advance. when we checked in I asked if we could upgrade (after reading other reviews) and they said it would be $30/night - and that would put us in the Fantasy tower, but not a better room necessarily... so we turned it down and went to our original room. I was a little upset when we walked in because it was 2 double beds instead of a king. I called the front desk and she told me to come back down and she could move me to a king, but it was still being cleaned and would take an hour.... when I got to the desk they told us the room they thought they had, was no good 'cause of a broken faucet - so if we wanted a king we HAD to upgrade to the fantasy tour... we did and when we got to the 2nd room, it also had 2 beds instead of 1 king but this time there was a jacuzzi tub! so we called down to the desk AGAIN and they moved us to a lower floor - but at least it had the king size bed, and the jacuzzi - all in all, we never got charged for the &quot;upgrade&quot;. The jacuzzi was relaxing and the ameneties (ionic cermaic hair dryer, disposible elec. razors, etc) were a nice touch. The Concierge was a little clueless (she gave us wrong directions and knew nothing of the 1/2 price ticket booth), I love coffee bean (more than starbucks) and there was one in the Food court. The pool was closed, the spa was too expensive, and RAIN (our favorite club) was closed for the season. But we ate at Ni9N, The Cafe, and the Buffett - Delicous, Good, Aweful.We decided $40 was too much cover (for a couple) to peek inside moon or Playboy club.	
Nov 22 2006 	The Palms was awesome!!	I made a reservation for the Palms from Nov. 19-21 for a little escape to Vegas. We arrived early in the morning so we just drove around and checked out some of the sights before checking in since it was so early. The check-in was painless with awesome customer service. Erin, the check-in agent, gave us service with a smile! We had only reserved a regular king room, but she upgraded us to the new Fantasy Tower with a superior king room. It was quite a surprise since we only paid $39/night. She also included plenty of coupons and free admissions to the clubs at the Palms. The Fantasy Tower is very modern and very clean. There is a doorbell for every room which is disabled if you press the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; button inside the room. There are no signs to hang on the door handle anymore which is awesome. The room is very spacious with big tiles and nice clean carpeting. There is a plasma tv, a bose radio, two couches, a desk with chairs, and a huge comfortable king bed. The windows are huge with a great view. The bathroom has nice granite countertops and the tub is huge with whirlpool jets. I could not believe that we got this room for the amount we paid per night. Overall we would definately stay here again!!	
Nov 14 2006 	Great Place if you are young - don't go otherwise!	We stayed at the Palms for Vegoose - Halloween weekend Friday and Saturday. Being in our 20s, this place was awesome. It was all people our age out at the pool looking to have a good time. Service was good enough and rooms were perfectly fine. Stay at this place for the cool vibe and younger crowd. I doubt I will stay anywhere else while I am in my twenties. I can see how a couple in their 40s would absolutely hate it.	
Oct 29 2006 	Getting tired of the bad service	Another let down at the Palms. This time in the new Luxury Tower. Generally no difference from the original tower.Everytime I stay at the Palms somethings under construction. Last two times it was the pool (which is now complete) and now it was the site adjacent to the Palms (construction is also 24 hours; book your room facing the old tower or get a higher floor; Rm 28225 is especially good with a fantastic view for the same price; we had friends staying there)....anyways, got in the room, bloodstains on the sheets, stereo remote had no batteries and the stereo has no external controls which prevented its use. Room service of champagne and choc. strawberries was ordered in advance to suprise the girlfriend. Didn't arrive. Once room service was reminded it was another 45 minutes until delivery. The box spring was also uncovered and looked like hell with big paper tags still stapelled to them.Will likely no longer stay at the Palms. THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay is MUCH better.Besides the lacklustre room, the pool is finally complete and the cabanas are nice (each with its own TV and stereo controls; though ours didn't work). Spa treatment was adequate but nothing memorable and the service at Nine was bad as usual (though the food was as phenomenal as ever!!!).Little Buddha food was also very good; service stank. Our server was a southern gal with seemingly no idea what sushi was. Suprising, considering its a sushi restaurant!Check-in/out staff was equally poor; I dont think they grasp the concept of the &quot;hospitality&quot; industry. Not even a smile; plus they tried to charge me for t-shirts and hip flasks from the mini-bar; neither of which were taken in the first place.Generally speaking I will go back to the Palms for the tatoo shop, the gambling and the atmosphere (plenty of hot women and the occasional celebs; Jenny McCarthy, Chriss Angel, Joey Porter, Caprice) but will likely never stay there again.	
Oct 20 2006 	palms dont waste your time or $	Went to Palms casino las vegas to go to the Playboy Comedy club. Previously purchased tickets for 10/14 on Ticketmaster. We arrived 1/2 hr early as requested. Waited in line 1/2 hr past when show was scheduled to start. About 30 people entered before the whole line, I presume guests of someone more important than those who purchased tickets. The seating was small seats one next to the other as many as they could fit in tight rows. The 1st comedian from E soup was funny. Everyone else sucked. Do not waste your $$. The Palms was filled with drunk 20 year olds. We left after the show and in the taxi line was everyone else who was not 20 saying the same thing. We all did not like the Palms at all and would not go back.	
Oct 16 2006 	Great stay...we'll definitely be back...	My wife and I took a couple days during the week to head to Vegas for our 11th anniversary. My wife is a celeb nut, so I figured our best bet would be the Palms...We arrived in Vegas via car...an easy 3.5 hour drive from our home in North Phoenix. Dropped the car with valet...the hey-boys from the bell stand promptly took our bags and we were off to check-in.The only hiccup in our stay was at check-in, but it ended up being just fine...better than fine. We had reserved a king, non-smoking room...just a regular room. They didn't have any available. They had a non-smoking room with 2 double beds...umm, it our anniversary, doubles ain't gonna cut it. Or they had a smoking room with 2 queen beds. Better but not ideal...So my wife, who is an expert at subtlely working people and getting what she wants, went to work on the girl behind the counter. By the time we left check-in, the manager in charge of the check-in area had released a grand suite to us...all for the low, low price of $129 a night.The room was great...great view, great lighting, comfortable furniture, great flat screen TVs with Bose surround, cool bar, great shower with jets everywhere. My wife was in heaven with the tub...big enough for 2, it had jacuzzi jets everywhere and filled from a hole in the ceiling...too cool.Night #1...We ate at Gardunos the first night since we just wanted some light fare...the mixed dips and rolled tacos were amazing. Then we headed upstairs to the ghostbar. Kind of a disappointment...some convention was at the hotel and you had a room full of 50-year-olds wearing shiny tinsel wigs or giant foam cowboy hats and glow stick hanging from their necks or glow stick belts. And the staff at the door was breaking their own rules of not letting groups of guys larger than 4 into the bar. We were hoping for a more even mix of folks and a younger, slightly less glow stick wearing crowd. We left and hit the slots...Night #2...We ate at N9NE...the steakhouse and had an awesome dinner. My wife had the parmesan crusted lamb chops and I had the filet mignon of course. We also ordered the crispy fries, which were way too crispy and came in a pile so big it looked like a tumbleweed. How many potatoes had to die for that nest to be made...We split a bottle of Martinelli Pinot Noir...definitely worth the price, no matter the price. We then decided to give ghostbar one more shot. Much better the second time around. All the conventioneers were gone and the crowd was roughly 50-50 male-female.Will we be back? Absolutely! We wont be staying anywhere else in Vegas.Other Vegas hotels we've stayed at for comparison...Las Vegas HiltonRitz-CarltonFour SeasonsLuxorAladdinFlamingo	
Sep 18 2006	Treated Like A Rock Star The Palms Is The Best By Far!	THE PALMS IS THE BEST IN VEGAS. Let me start with if you want the great treatment BOOK DIRECTLY with this and all other hotels you want to take care of you. We have stayed at the Palms twice now and both times been spoiled. 1st time December 19-20th 2005 booked our room at a rate of $59 on the palms interenet Hot dates. We valeted our car upon arrival very friendly valet staff, however the return of your car can take 5 to 20 minutes so be patient or self park which is a breeze. We came in and were immediatly greeted by very friendly girls in both cases that we stayed at the front desk. While I held a $20 tip in my hand asked if there were any available upgrades as this was a special day for my husband and I. She said she would take care of us and we did take care of her and really appriciated the kind service. We had great bellman both times quick and friendly and we tipped him well. We were very happy to be given a beautiful 800 sq ft suite with seperate living room and bedroom and giant bathroom with jacuzzi we were on the 52nd floor and had an amazing view with floor to ceiling windows the large windows you see near the top of the building with a view of Gold Coast and Northern Las Vegas Beautiful actually I sat for hours enjoying the night view both times. We were in aw of how great this was for the money and didn't even want to leave the room. On our 2nd stay we came after staying at Bally's for 3 nights at $159 a night which is a nice room at Bally's but no Palms over march 9 - 14th 2006 Nascar Weekend we came for just one night at the Palms and again upon check in were greeted very friendly and I told her of our long weekend and we just wanted to celebrate our 2nd honeymoon since we had not been able to make it the prior year. She told me she would take care of me. Please note this room was booked online via palms hotel hot dates at only $69. We were amazed and our jaw dropped,we thought we had it good the first time. we were given an 1100 sq ft room with two seperate entrances, two seperate bedroom and living room, bar, 2 large seperate bathrooms, walk in closets mirrors galore on the 51st floor and at the very end of the building right above the Large P on the side of the building that says palms. We had an amazing almost 360 view of Vegas the strip all of it was incredible and an amazing bed and of course huge floor to celiling windows and in the liviing room a complete other view of Gold coast and North Las Vegas. Once again we spent most of our time in the room as we felt like rock stars. We have been very lucky at the Palms and will be returning in November of 2006 and hope to write yet another wondeful review. Restraunts were good went to Little Budda it's pretty good allthough I am from Santa Barbara, CA where we have the best sushi in the world and I've been to NOBU too. Gardinos the mexican restraunt is good try the chicken quesadilla it feeds two easily. Food court is good variety too. Both times I never made it to ghost bar but Ive heard its all hype and my sister said that you are not aloud to dance??? what is up with that? Rain sound really cool. and I can't wait to try Nine someday. I went into Hart &amp; Hunnington and asked what a 1 inch STP (like the oil) symbol would be and was quoted $400 by a rude girl who seemed too busy with her friends socializing. She was the only rude person I encountered. Although I am a fan of INKED the show I see they have a lot of trouble keeping staff in the reception area and know that a tiny tattoo so basic could not cost more than $150 tops.. So I have not had the chance to get my tattoo and each time I am there after that there is a line a half mile long waiting for the shop to open and people wanting to buy T-shirts kinda crazy. I'll pass on the hype all though I think Carey Hart is great and smart guy wtih not just Sports talent but also he is talented in Business, plus a killer chick 4 a wife. Palms Casino sportbook is my favorite seriously some of the best odds in town on sports, and Monday Nite Football is a hoot with great giveaways and wagering. The casino is small but I like it and the bar. I am not sure of what people are talking about when they say the staff is rude. They were over friendly if anything GREAT JOB GEORGE KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK. I've stayed at the Hard ROCK 4 times and been Upgraded to killer suites 3 of those times, see those reviews too with photos. BUT the Hard Rock staff with exception of the front desk, and Cuba Libre (she was very nice each time) but the rest needs some help on there training of how to treat customers, cashiers, player club, Restraunt staff, housekeeping, cocktail waitresses, gift shop employees cashiers, bartenders, sports book people all a bit snooty if you are not a celeb or rich folk. Hard Rock could take a lesson from George Maloof and his staff at the Palms. Are you listening Harry Morton Jr. and Senior, by the way love Pink Taco food BUT the place is always FILTHY They sould hire some bus persons to clean that place, thanks Harry a bunch for listening, I'm sure we will return to see u too. Okay back to THE PALMS. Okay my only complaint with the Palms and also the Hard Rock was for these beautiful suites they were not fully cleaned, I mean they were not dirty but in each stay, I found 1 time a dirty sock on the side of a chair. another time a grape sitting on the floor, and one time at the hard rock a used bar of soap in a box in the shower YUK. Now be it I realize these are large rooms, but I feel these hotels should be aware of the job of the Housekeeping. And I did call to let housekeeping know allthough it was so minor NO Biggie at all. Oh yeah and our first stay at the palms we had asked for a late check out and front desk said ok, I had a DO NOT DISTURB on the door and returned to my room from gambling downstairs to find 3 different housekeepers in my room I was furious and sent them out and called front desk which at that point were not helpful but we let it go as nothing was stolen. My main complaint is with the housekeeping the rest of the hotel was very nice. And the housekeeping Managers were very nice, not their fault. On our second stay my only other complaint was when I got home I looked at my visa charges to see that I was charged an additional $85, when I called the hotel they said it was for the entire mini bar contents and also Movies, Well we rented no movies on the tv and never even opened the mini bar as we saw the price list on the out side no thanks. I was however immediatly helped and they told me without a single fuss that they would reverse the charges and they did within a week the charges were reversed. So that was good. Also I heard no noise what so ever like I have read in other reviews of thin walls... maybe we were lucky?. There was some construction going on but you have to realize these construction people may start early but that is because it can get to a sweltering 116 degrees in the direct sun by 12 noon and can you imagine being a construction worker and having to deal with that plus they make next to nothing for that. Sooo give the constuction a break it is only to make Vegas more beautiful next time you return. People who dont like the noise, bring ear plugs you are in Vegas and people love to party be prepared. Also I was lucky enough to come back for a 4 day stay at Buffalo Bills in Primm at the state line one night which was very nice compared to Whiskey Petes and Primm Valley Resort and then stayed at The Tropicana the other 3 nights over 4th of July weekend 2006. Please note Tropicana has a beautiful Pool for summer time with swim up blackjack and a huge waterfall lots of fun we go every summer to stay at the Tropicana. But that weekend I came to the Palms to go to the Pool with a friend that was staying there and also to make some bets for the Daytona 500, we went out to the pool and asked what was going on as it was packed. Well we lucked out it was the Grand Opening of the NEW POOL and the 1 year anniversary party of the awesome Vegas magazine &quot; 944 &quot;. It was a rocking party with a live DJ Break dancers in the middle of the pool on a stage. And also we were able to find plenty of places to sit. Allthough there were alot more men to the woman there everyone seems to pretty in some way or another but I was happy to see a crowd from young to old and we saw DAX from Punked (I know wow big deal thats what I thought too).The Pool staff was very friendly too and I'm not bad looking but also I'm no Pam Anderson but they still treat you as kindly there as if you were her. I had been to the pool before construction and thought it was the best. Now it is AMAZING beyond the best pool I could imagine. If you have the chance I reccomend visiting this place and have a blast. Please note if you want an upgrade book through the hotel, have tip ready in hand and in sight and most of all for your best bet book it Sunday Though Thursday when they are not too busy. Parking is a breeze self park next to the food court entrance always plenty of parking. And Please Remember to TIP EVERYONE That is everyone including your housekeepers, Front Desk, Restraunts servers, Cashiers, Bellmen, Valet, Bartenders, cocktail waitresses, Pool attendants, taxi drivers and anyone elso who has been of service to make your stay special. TRUST ME a good tip will go a long way and THEY WILL REMEMBER YOU. I hope this has helped your view of the Palms. Ive read some very harsh reviews and Really I'm shocked, BUT I'll be back in November to let you know if we are 3 for 3 at the PALMS. THANKS GEORGE MALOOF U ARE SUPER AWESOME. Love the Logans...of Santa Ynez Valley, California.	
Sep 13 2006 	Good overall review but lacked something....	We recently returned from a 5 day stay at the Palms. We were out for a bachelor party with about 12 guys. This group is more of the corporate america group, not the wild and crazy strippers and getting arrested group.Front Desk:I forget her name but she was great. Upgraded our standard rooms to a Playboy Tower room and a Junior Suite. The others in the party were also mostly upgraded as well. Check-in was quick as could be.Pool:Best part of the hotel, period. They did a great job renovating the pool area. Friday is their big pool party and it was a great one. Not TOO crowded like the Rehab party is at the Hard Rock, but crowded enough with a good atmosphere.Our waitress Alice, was very good and attentive. We rented a cabana on Friday and got one of the Caves. So worth it with a big group like that, although I cant see the value other days.Atmosphere:Kind of dead. I definately expected more out of the Palms. The casino was never crowded, even on the weekends. The center bar was pretty lame. It just lacked the life of the Hard Rock.Restaurants:N9NE - We had a big party (18). They were supposed to set for 17 but only set for 15 so we were crowded. They didnt do much in terms of accomadating us.The food was very very good, but I have eaten at better steakhouses in Vegas (Charlie Palmer). The steak was rare when we were told medium rare-medium. It was even tough to cut it was so rare. Maybe it had to do with the large party but I would guess 16 of us ordered the Rib Eye. Appetizers and sides were amazing.Little Buddah - My favorite Restaurant on the whole trip. What a gem this place is. Everything was great; atmosphere, food, service...all top notch. We all mostly ate sushi except for some hot appetizers. Everything was great. Cant wait to go to the Buddah Bar in NYC, its sister restaurant.Diner - Okay, at best. Service was SLOW. Strange in Vegas. Wood was okay. Fine if you're just grabbing some eggs in the morning.Food Court - Ben and Jerry's Phish Food Shakes - YUMMMMM.Spa:I only used the gym and ammenities but everything was clean and in good working order. Anyone I know who went for a message loved it.Rooms:We had a room in the Playboy tower. Well designed and clean. Nothing to complain about. We couldnt figure out how to turn on the jets in the jaccuzzi bath though I dont think anyone would have really used it. The speaker in the bathroom was a nice touch.Nightlife:Typical Vegas stuff. I swear all these clubs are run by the same person. Same scene, same type of music. I hate hip-hop and thats all I heard. Ghost Bar was all hip-hop all the time and one big sausage fest. Rain was a cool looking club but the music just got to me after a while. Please play some house music. I wear pants that fit.I dont think I am forgetting anything else. I enjoyed my stay there but if given the choice would go back to the Hard Rock before the Palms. Sunday night at the Hard Rock was jumping when we left at around 1. The Palms was absolutely dead when we walked in.Celebrity Sightings...Lance Bass at the pool party. Sug Knight in the casino. Tim Duncan playing blackjack at a $15 table. A BUNCH of basketball players I didnt know.	
Sep 6 2006 	Had a great time	My husband and I went to celebrate his 32nd birthday. We picked this hotel because we have heard good things about the hotel as far as the great bars and pool. Our sole intention was to have a fabulous time. We pulled into the valet and I was immediately impressed. The valet not only rushed over to open my door but also offered his hand to help me out. He then assisted my husband with the luggage and asked if we needed bell service. I'm sure this sounds pretty standard but this is the first time I have pulled into a valet and wasn't immediately scribbled a claim check before the valet was off to the next car. My husband and I got to the resverations desk (we stayed during the week and booked our room at a rate of $95). My husband asked if there were any complimentary upgrades available and Harvey (the reservations clerk) told us not to worry he had already fixed us up with a nice room. Again, we were pleasantly surprised with the great service and headed to our room. Harvey had put us up in a grand duluxe suite that was apprx 1,000sq ft with 2 bathrooms living room and huge master bedroom with jacuzzi tube. By far the best thing about this room was the bed -- it was simply a piece of heaven!! I am not particularly a picky sleeper, I dont have any back problems and can pretty much sleep comfortably anywhere, so to have this bed catch my attention is definitely noteworthy! I absolutely loved this bed and hated having to leave it.As far as the casino goes -- it is a smaller casino, which can be both a good thing and a bad thing. Though it is smaller it still maintains all of the excitement and energy that any larger casino would hold. The casino hosted a welcoming ambiance and staff was always friendly and helpful. We did some gambling here, but we always venture out to different casinos so the size did not really bother us. Tables here were a little on the high end ($15 and up for craps) and we did not find our favorite slot machines here, but there were plenty others to choose from. Our only complaint was the waitressing service. We waited about 40min for our first drinks. I believe the cause of this was a convention in a nearby banquet room which diverted all of it's waitresses to serving the needs of these people. We were slightly annoyed.For the evenng of my husband's birthday we celebrated at the ghost bar. The view is magnificent and breathtaking. Get there early so you can stake out a seat before they are all gone. Free seatng is limited. They do, however, have tables that can be reserved for people purchasing bottle service which is well into the hundreds (a little pricey for the average). We also managed to join a pool party one night, which was also a lot of fun. Lots of cozy cabanas for couples to relax in. We found one and watched the live band and did some people watching and took in the whole experience from the comfort of our little cabana!Overall, our stay was pleasant. We were very satisfied with the service. The &quot;complimentary&quot; upgrade exceeded our expectations and proves that the hotel cares about it's guests . We will definitely stay again.	
Aug 27 2006 	I loved this place!	I really enjoyed my stay here. A lot of the reviews here seem to center on the &quot;personality&quot; of the hotel staff. I didn't encounter any issues with that. To the contrary, I received a warm welcome at check-in, and at valet was surprised to be greeted by name when I came back to the hotel in the afternoon. The only &quot;grumps&quot; I encountered were the guys checking the room keys at the elevator. They never smiled, but I think that's a &quot;I'm a tough bouncer&quot; kind of thing, it just cracked me up every time I saw them, like trying to make the guards at Buckingham Palace laugh or something...The room was nice. Very comfortable bed, nice bathroom, nice TV. I did not encounter any &quot;neighbor noise&quot; even though they mentioned the hotel was sold out for my stay. The only negative is that the air conditioning didn't seem cool enough for me in late afternoon, although later at night it was ok. Maybe the sun coming through the sheer curtains all day heated the room up.Nice casino, I'm a video poker fan and they had a good selection. I had no problem getting drink service, it was frequent enough for me. One time the waitress had gone off somewhere, just hitting the change light on the machine brought a slot person around and they sent over the waitress right away.I didn't eat at the property much, so I have little to comment on. I like the fact that you can grab a quick and inexpensive bite at the food court. Vegas Subs is there and they are one of my favorites in town. And my one meal at the breakfast buffet was only &quot;ok&quot;, nothing to rave about. But at $6 it's one of the cheaper options in town. I'll definitely be back at the Palms.	
Aug 13 2006	Palms - Not all that I expected.	I didn't know too much about the Palms Hotel and Casino except that it was featured on the Celebrity Poker Showdown last year. So when I found out that the NAPOA conference was taking place there and that we were supposedly getting a &quot;special $99.00 a night&quot; rate, I didn't know what to expect. I went to several travel sites (Travelocity, Hotels---, Expedia, etc.) and the Palms was actually rated a 4 star hotel and the rates varied from $109/night to $139/night. My husband then went to trip advisor and read some not so great things like that the walls are paper thin, the beds are uncomfortable and the staff not so friendly. Well after a 5 night stay, here is my impression. First, the check in person, Ryan, was a bit snobbish. I handed in my confirmation slip and he didn't even bother looking up and just asked, &quot;name?&quot; He also didn't ask me if I wanted a non-smoking room or floor and put me on a smoking floor which was all right most of the week, but there was one day when the air conditioning vent blew out cigarette smelling air. The walls were fine, I didn't hear my neighbors until the last day when my neighbors started screaming at 6:30 am, but a couple of knocks on the wall stopped. I thought the beds were very comfortable especially since I got food poisoning and spent two days laid up in bed. I must say that when I mentioned the food poisoning to the staff at the Spa and Salon, they were very sympathetic and suggested that I make a report with Security just as a precaution, but the Security Booth person was a little loathe to take the report. I had a peppermint pedicure there with Stella and she was great! I also had a deep tissue massage with Alicia and she was very nice. I had a cut and color, I don't remember her name but she did a beautiful job. I also complained once to the manager, Scott Coleman about the air conditioning and not being able to get a soda out of the machine and he was very nice and said he would send someone to look at the a/c and would credit me with two sodas from the fridge. Well, no one came to look at the a/c, and he never followed up, and he didn't credit the sodas either. I was also told that there were a lot of celebrities there, I didn't see one. I did see Robert Thompson, the announcer from Celebrity Poker Showdown and he was very nice. Oh yeah, on Friday, at about 9:00 am, they started blasting music from the pool area and that I did hear from the room I had on the 27th floor. All in all, I could take it or leave it.	
Aug 4 2006 	Loved the hotel	Great pool area, great pool service! Upgraded to suite!Small enough to get to pool within 5 mins...Little Buddha, very good. Ghost is a little overrated. Would stay again and again.Very few kids, golfers and the much undesired drunk chubby conventioners that over populate the strip hotels.	
Jul 20 2006 	Great Hotel 	Stayed here at the end of June for a couple of nights. I found the Palms to be a fabulous hotel. The pool area is incredible and great fun for singles and couples, the new section they have added is awesome - service is a little slow around the pool but all in all we loved it.The bars and restaurants in The Palms were also top notch. Ghost Bar was amazing, very friendly staff and such an amazing view. The clientele was great as well and the music was perfect.N9ne steakhouse lived upto its reputation of the best Steak house in Vegas.The Casino floor and the food court was a little tacky. Bottom line if you want a great location, great room, great pool, bars and restaurants this is for you, but if you want to gamble - pop in a cab and take a 5 min ride to the strip.This place is very hip.	
Jul 19 2006	Not Great...	My husband and I planned a group trip here with some friends. All of us have been to Las Vegas several times, and all of us felt dissatisfied with the Palms. The first frustration came when my husband wanted to book a cabana by the pool in advance. After calling three times and being transferred to voice mail and leaving messages (which were never returned), he finally insisted on talking to a manager. The manager finally helped him and booked the cabana. When we went to the cabana, there were no drinks or snacks provided (which were supposed to come with the cost of the rental). I asked several of the staff who were either confuesed or said that they were &quot;out of stock&quot; on the snacks, and just gave us two bottles of water. So...I went to pool entrance and asked if I could bring my own snacks down from the hotel room, since they were &quot;out of stock.&quot; They guy looked at me kind of funny and said they weren't out of stock and would take care of it, which meant we got a pathetic little excuse for a fruit plate and that was it. For $200 a day (on a weekday so who knows what they charge for the weekend), I personally expect better treatment and ammenities than that. Some other gripes about this place concern the room. It was small, the furniture looked pretty well worn, and there were stains on my pillow case (yuck). The waitress we had at the Mexican Restaurant was horrible (zero personality and it was painfully clear that she did not want to be there). On our final day I waited in line for twenty minutes to get a latte at Coffee Bean (with two people in front of me), and when I took a sip of my drink I almost barfed. The milk was totally sour and when I sent it back I heard the barista say something about the milk having an expiration date of June something (it is now JULY). And as others have mentioned, the 24/7 Cafe food was awful. While there were a couple of nice people there, I found the majority of the staff to be less than enthusiastic. I guess you have to be Paris Hilton or Lindsay Lohan to command any true respect or hospitality from this hotel. Bottom line, there are many many other hotels that I would recommend over Palms. (We stayed at MGM last month and really enjoyed it...no snotty attitudes over there).	
Jul 19 2006 	Most overrated hotel...EVER!	Booked a room at the Palms on the 2nd week of July, 2005. Check-in was good and friendly but that was pretty much the highlight of my stay there. I have no idea how this place became so popular, guess you have to be either rich or a celebrity to understand. First the room was pretty plain, almost a room I expect to see in a motel 6. The walls were very thin and I could hear almost everything that was going on in the rooms next to mine. The housekeeping also wasn't the best as they often missed a thing or 2 and once threw out a plastic bag full of souveniers and flyers that took me all day to collect from a Trade Show. The Casino was below average and didn't lay out nearly as many different table games as the other casino's. The cocktail service was pretty slow also and their player's club isn't the greatest either. As for food and entertainment, the Ghost Bar was alot of fun, as was Rain. The 7 steakhouse was very good also with a great atmosphere. The food court was lacking but on a positive note, there was a pretty decent multi-plex theatre there. All in all, a thumbs down for me.	
Jul 15 2006	Rude Rude Rude	Visited the Palms Hotel in Las Vegas June 25, 2006 and found it to be one of the worst casinos in Las Vegas. The staff was unusually rude and the casino was dirty an unkept.After 1 hour we switch our reservations and stayed in another hotel/casino. Would never return to the Palms.	
Jul 2 2006	I'll return to the Palms!	My Mother and I, who are both quite picky, thoroughly enjoyed our two-night stay at the Palms. The staff was friendly, and their services (valet, room service, bellman, Palms Club staff.) were first-rate Our room was quite luxurious, with a gorgeous fully-appointed bathroom (including jacuzzi tub!), and the comfort of the beds and bedding was heavenly. Our family is customarily comped at another hotel in Las Vegas, but in spite of that I plan to stay at the Palms in the future - we loved it!	
Jun 30 2006	Ripoff!	My son was assigned a locker in the Spa to place his belongings. Guess what! Somebody broke in and stole his money. The same thing happened to another guest. Upon inspection, other lockers had previously been broken into and repaired and reinforced with metal. Interesting that he was give an old locker. He received no satisfaction from the management (after 3 days of speaking to all the managers, etc.) and wished he had called the police. Was it an inside job? STAY AWAY!	
Jun 29 2006	not a five star	Went when the pool was supposed to be finished but it was only partially done and it seems everything at this hotel is only partially done well. Check-in was not efficient with separate lines for each counter, but the front desk person Lori, was wonderful. Went to the pool and found the lounge chairs all full at 5pm. Had pool attendants trying to find chairs for all the guests with little luck. Cocktail waitress was friendly and helpful with suggestions in town. Dinner at Little Buddha was great when it came to the sushi part of the meal but terrible for the cooked portion. Service at Little Buddha was also mixed with a waiter who was very friendly and but forgot to bring soy sauce for the sushi. The security entrance to Ghostbar is annoying even as a hotel guest with a free pass, the bouncers tried to get everyone into the same line and pay the entry fee, but the view and the bartenders are great.The room was nice, but there were no bathrobes, scales, or make-up mirrors. The beds were wonderful, but the noise kept me from fully appreciating them, especially at 4am when drunk 20 somethings came back from partying and were shouting in the hallways and slamming doors. The in-room web was a waste of time and money- the screen has such poor resolution it was hard to read anything and the keyboard had to be so close to the tv that it made typing nearly impossible. Overall a very mixed experience.	
Jun 28 2006	Would Not Bother Staying Here Again	My husband and I (both in our early 30's) decided to stay here on a Sunday night because of the low rate. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful. We went to the 24/7 cafe and had an awful experience. The place wasn't too crowded, but it took a very long time to get our food (tuna &amp; chicken salad sandwiches) When the food did arrive, the french fries were cold &amp; we asked that they be taken back &amp; switched out for some hot ones. They arrived a few minutes later, but my husband and I both felt they were the same ones just thrown into the fryer for another minute. While we were there we saw somebody else send their food back as well. I know it's a cafe, not a four star restaurant, but we still wanted some good food for our money. Later that night, we tried the Mexican restaurant Garduno's. The food there was a little bit better, but not much.We had the free passes to the Ghost Bar, so we went to check it out around 8:30. I wanted to go up early just to see the view &amp; avoid the crowd. The people they have working there think are the coolest people around &amp; have some bad attitudes. We had one drink, walked outside &amp; enjoyed the view, and then decided to leave. If you are into that kind of scene here in L.A. (bars on Sunset Blvd.) then, you'll probably like it here. We are more into bars where you can just walk in, not stand in line &amp; prove to some dork that you're cool enough. The best part of the room was the bed (very comfortable), and the bathroom was very large with a nice assortment of toiletries. I did notice the walls were very thin.We probably will not stay here again.	
Jun 13 2006	Whoever said this is not the place is not right!	Ok so I read the reviews, and feel it is required of me to write somethingThis hotel is for you if,a) you want to partyb) want to have func) age between 21-40d) want to be off the strip but still be accesible to ite) money is not a big issue (if it is goto the flamingo)My girlfriend and I stayed there June 1-4 and had more fun then a barrel of monkeys!we booked a superior guestroom and it was certainly worth the few extra bucks the bed was super comfy the amentites were great (the jacuzzi tub especially) the 32&quot; plasma and the general apperance was wickedstaying in the fantasy tower is definately the way to gothe clubsghostbar awesome set up good vibe the dj's are not very good (at least when I was there who goes form funky co medina to weezer to nin?)Rain big shiny flashy and lots of good effectsmusic again not great didint really gel with the whole ambience but everyone was dancing so it cant be that badgetting the passes with the room is very handy and one of the big reasons we stayed there....my advice show up early and be kind to the bouncers they will take care of you...dont be an obnoxious [----]the food24-7 is a good palce to eat when you need a bitealize is pretty spectacular..we did not have a res just showed up at around 8 and was able to get a really great seat with a perfect view of the strip...the food is magnificent youll be looking qat about 200/couple (well worth it, cocktails are a bit pricey $12 for a rye and coke) desert was really good it was a fancy smore's (and i mean fancy)the staffvery courteous and nice...to anyone who gets bad service all I can say it must be a case of reap what you sow..we loved it every part of it..the poolwas almsot finished but half of it was still under construction..no biggie i think they said it opens june 15...good timesfor shows we went to Zumanity...very cool the couple couch is worht the price IMOwe also booked a twilight helicopter tour...they called us a couple hours prior to us leaving and asked if we would be interested in rec'ing a free upgrade to fly into the canyon for a champagne lunch..wicked...got the flight for half price ...now here is the kicker they say this happens all the time....as not alot of people book that trip...so my best advice is book a cheaper flight and hope for an upgrade as it is likely to happennow go have fun!!!!	
Jun 12 2006	Wonderful time!	Our overal experience was pleasant. When we checked in they upgraded our room for free to the Grand Suite, which was a HUGE bonus! The room was spacious, clean, and extremely comfortable. The pool was under construction which caused for a bit of of a headache. Everybody was squished in like sardines, however the pool staff were extremely helpful and quick to meet your needs. My only complaints were that the valet was very slow and the Little Budha Restaurant basically threw all your food at once from appetizers to main course. We were in and out in 30 minutes....not the most relaxing dining experience. If you are up for a fun quick moving young atmosphere... this is the place. No kids, gray haired folk, or annoying &quot;honeymooners&quot; to be seen.	
Jun 12 2006	Should've stayed 5 years ago!	We booked a junior suite and received a free upgrade to a bigger suite with a view from a very helpful young man at the front desk. The room was huge and amazing with a comfortable living room, comfy bed and jacuzzi. We had dinner at Alize which was perfect and next time we'll try to get a table at Little Buddha which was impossible this time since it was last minute and around New Year's. The Palms casino has the loosest slots in town! We made up for part of what we lost at the blackjack table. At night the casino area was really happening and there was a huge line of kids for the clubs...made me wish I'd visited the Palms at the height of my party days and not my late twenties! All in all a good hotel but best suited to wild young things and definitely not families and seniors.	
May 24 2006	Wonderful stay!	Been to Vegas over 40 times and have stayed just about everywhere, and this was the best hotel hands down.1.Check in was friendly and fast.2 Room was very nice with the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on.3. The casino is great if you are a video poker, some of the best odds in Vegas.The strip can't touch the Palms for % payback.4. Never did I have to wait for a drink during my gaming sessions.5.The pool was very nice as well even though part of it was under construction.The workers were very disreet and the area was sectioned off so it was like they were not even there.6.It's The little things that make this hotel one of my best stay in Vegas such as the in room safe, Davies Gates bath products, the newpaper on you door every morning, the coffee maker, Free HBO &quot;didn't miss Sopranos&quot;,large bathroom I can go on and on.Now me and my wife are in our 40's and this is more of a hip joint, however there were plenty of people our age group there.I think the weekend brings more of the young hip and freaky.We were there Sunday thru Thursday.Not many &quot;Hey dudes whats up&quot; there during our stay.Thank you Palms for a great vacation!!!!	
May 15 2006	Three words for this place ~ dump dump dump	If you want to pay top dollar and stay at the equivalent of a Motel 6 than this is the place for you. The standard rooms are smallest rooms I have ever stayed at in my life and the bathroom was disgusting with chipped porcilien in the tub, the PLASTIC shower curtian had mold on it and the tile floor look like a two-year- old laid it down. The casino and the casino bar never had more than 10 people in them. I have a bigger pool in my back yard, and with the pool crowd 97% all dudes, I would of thought there was a gay convention in town. We finally had to leave the pool area after a fews hours because it was hard to relax with all the JACKHAMMERING goin on. The Ghostbar is WAY overrated, Rain was decient. One positive, 9 steakhouse was excellent. One of the best steaks i have had with a nice atmosphere. Needless to say we stayed for the one night we were locked into and then checked out and moved to the Mandalay for a $100 less a night, wich is always bustling with activity. Bottom line, my friend booked this hotel because of all the hype that has been built by MTV and when we got there the place was dead and the accomidations were terrible. The Maloof brothers have to charge top dollar because there are little gaming revenues to help offset the expenses. You can't hype like this and have a shoddy product. This hotel is not here to stay.	
May 8 2006	Not satisfied at all with Palms	Talk about a real-time review. Its 4am right now and I can't sleep. Why? Because I am in the Palms Hotel and the stupid construction team is working outside ... yes ... they've been breaking the local law by doing heavy construction work (complete with truck beeping, hammering, and dumping) since midnight. Whats that? City law prohibiting construction work before 7am? Aw forget about that. So I wont be sleeping tonight. I've called the front desk 2 times and they've confirmed the 7am law, and said the 9 group owns that area next to the pool, but nothing has stopped. In fact its gotten louder.Aside from this, we were given the Hotel Guest &quot;Free entry and No line waiting&quot; ticket that all hotel guests get for RAIN nightclub. That was an utter mess. Instead of actually having two lines - one for hotel guests and one for visitors, they had 4 lines which merged into one big huge pile of people. For nearly an hour we had to force our way forward among the non-hotel guests and try to get in front. There must have been 300 people in a huge disorganized crowd and security was just randomly letting in 5 people at a time. Absolute total disregard for the Hotel Guest rule. Pissed all of us off to no end. Terrible.Lastly, we put the &quot;Do not Disturb&quot; sign on our door for the 2 days we were here. You know, the one where the housekeeping ladies are supposed to see it an ... NOT disturb you? Instead of doing this, we were awoken at 10am after not getitng to bed until 5am by some idiot housekeeper asking us if we wanted to have our room cleaned. This was followed by a phone call by the head housekeeping lady asking us the same thing. This was followed by yet another door knock an hour later. This was followed by a phone call from the SAME housekeeping head asking us if we still planned to check out on Sunday. Apparently she thinks she doesn't have to follow the rules.So lets recap our stay at the Palms:1) We got terrible service entertainment-wise as we were cattle hearded in with a bunch of nonpaying visitors.2) We got disturbed FOUR TIMES after asking not to be disturbed3) We got no sleep because apparently 9 Group and Palms ownership does not have to follow city regulations and does heavy construction literally in the middle of the night right outside the hotel room windows.The beds were nice though. Wish I could have actually enjoyed them.	
Apr 19 2006 	Amazing Hotel! Request a room in the Fantasy Tower!	After quite a fiasco at our first choice hotel, we decided to switch to the Palms. The reservation desk was friendly and very accommodating, matching the rate of our previous hotel. They gave us a terrific room in the new Fantasy Tower. We had a great view, huge bed and an amazing bathroom with Jacuzzi tub. The atmosphere of the casino was young and upbeat and the staff extremely friendly. The Palms buffet is average, but if you’re looking for something quick, you can get anything you want at the food court. The nightclub Rain is awesome, and Ghostbar is a really cool place to have a cocktail.As for access to the strip, it’s really not walking distance, but the hotel offers a shuttle to Caesars and the Fashion Mall every two hours (but only during the day). A cab will run you about $8 - $10, including tip. We would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 13 2006	The Palms is the best hotel for the young rich party crowd	I love this hotel! We were treated like rock stars. We got upgraded to the salon suite. What a GREAT Room! We went to Rain and Ghostbar - they ROCKED! We took limos everywhere. The hotel staff was more than helpful and were always available to answer questions. The gambling areas are smaller than the stip hotels, but I didn't care. We were there to PARTY!	
Apr 4 2006 	Pleasant Experience	I have to say that my stay at the Palms was very enjoyable. I stayed there while attending a tradeshow and so didn't get out much. The staff was very pleasant, checking-in, out and during my stay. Room Service was food and service was excellent.The best part of my stay was the incredible bathroom. It was huge.The worst part of the stay was probably the paper thin walls and distance to the strip.I would recommend this hotel to my friends.	
Apr 3 2006	Terrible Awful etc	Where do I start with this place? I have never stayed here but I wouldn't. I have visited the Ghost Bar. I have gone to the movie theater. I have ate at the 24/7 cafe. And each and every time I have gone to valet my car, ask a question, get a drink or food have recieved the worst attitude. One time I got sick in the restroom and lost my cell phone. When I went to security, they didn't know what had happened. It wasn't until 4 pm the following day, that they finally &quot;found&quot; it. I would never go to this place. Yes, the ghost bar has excellent views of the strip. But the people that work there are terribly rude.	
Mar 13 2006	never again	got there at 9am no one at front door to take my bags doesn't even have automatic door openers.asked for jacuzzi room got a small standard room even though there were 12 available. place was empty i mean 20 people in whole place 3 people on the crap table,was told things would pick up at 2'00,stayed after 2;00 never did pick up left for the rio.gambled later that night still no real action on crap tables got the lousiest rating in 15 yrs checked out next morning no host there to check me out told vip do what ya can which was nothing didn't even comp my breakfast.only two places to eat the rest are mexican food. i'd stay down town over this place.	
Feb 27 2006	WOULD NEVER STAY AGAIN! NOT EVEN IF YOU PAID ME!!!!!	Do yourself a huge favor and don't ever stay here. This has got to be the most over-rated, stupid place I've ever stayed in my entire life!! I'm embarrassed to say I even walked through the front door of this joke of an establishment. The Maloof family should be ashamed and embarrassed by the way their staff treats their patrons. Let me explain ...First ... the hotel staff has this &quot;I'm too cool&quot; attitude going on and are NOT helpful and VERY rude!! Upon arrival, we were NOT greeted very nicely, and the front desk girl Marci acted as though she was doing us a favor by checking us in. I mean it sure feels horrible to pay all that money for a room and feel like your NOT WELCOME and are INCONVENIENCING the staff when you go to check in. Quite frankly, if this were my hotel and I witnessed an employee treating a guest like this ... I WOULD FIRE THEM ON THE SPOT!!!!!Second ... I go to the bar, and this typical dork of a Vegas bartender acted as though he was just too cool to pour me a drink. I stood there and waited, and waited, and waited patiently to place my order. The funny thing is, is the place was dead slow at the moment, I was the only guy standing there, AND THIS LAME BARTENDER JUST STANDS THERE LOOKING AT ME LIKE HE HAS NO CLUE AS TO WHAT I'M DOING THERE. And to add insult to injury ... I finally ask to order a drink, and before he takes my order, HE GOES AND CLEANS A TABLE FIRST!! Funny!! Where does Maloof find these people?? I mean I get better service at McDonald's than I did at The Palms ...Anyway ... the list just goes on and on with this dump!! I JUST DON'T GET ALL THE HYPE!! I mean I guess all you have to do these days is get a few rock stars to stay at your hotel, get a dumb tattoo show on VH1 ... and forget about good old-fashioned customer service. They should call this place The Rosey Palms for how hard they jerk you around!! ... I'm so surprised that people fall for all the superficial, shallow hype and stay at this place ... and embarrassed to say that I did. And I'm beyond surprised this hotel remains so successful despite the lack of good management. I'd stay at Circus Circus, Motel 6, or sleep in a parking garage off the strip before I would ever stay here again. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!	
Feb 25 2006	Great Time	Hotel was awesome, real clean and basically everything was new. Check in people were very helpful. guest suite in the fantasy tower was very nice. bathroom was huge and had everything you would expect, granite,etc. had a great time. the only knock i have in the buffet downstairs - i almost puked when i ate the salmon. but the little buddah sushi bar was great... will be back for sure	
Feb 19 2006	A great stay at the Palms	I enjoyed stayiing at the Palms. If you had an issue or a question you were treated with priority if you were a Palms guest. The beds were heavenly. The Palms is out of the hustle bustle of the srip traffic and made it easy to get around.	
Feb 14 2006	Good Time at the Palms	My husband and I stayed at the Palms for 2 nights in the beginning of February. It was a short trip but we had a great time! Our flight got us in around 10:00 in the morning but we were still able to check in early without any problems. Our room was nice and our bed was very comfortable. We ate at the buffet once and didn't really enjoy it; we learned out lesson not to go back. We didn't spend a lot of time at the hotel, and mostly spent time on the strip. We went to Ghost Bar the first night, which was great - gorgeous views and good music! Overall we enjoyed our stay, but would like to stay on the strip next time.	
Feb 12 2006	Overrated!	Hotel is catering to the rich and famous! Even though you might drop 5000 there they seem to cater to the celebrity bunch! The service was terrible everywhere and they even closed the elevators down to get to our room for a VIP (someone famous). I definitly would recommend the belagio or the venetian. We ended up leaving the palms early to stay two nights at the venetion and two at the belagio. My take is to see someone famous who acts bigger that you and won't even say high is a joke!	
Jan 23 2006	Warning:Wicked Witch of the Desk!	I felt compelled to finally write about my Palms experience as I owe it to my fellow travelers, who have helped me tremendously in choosing pleasant accomodations!...Upon check-in for a 2 night stay, the front desk clerk, Marci, greeted us coldly and annoyed with the ever so welcoming &quot;Last name?&quot;. Extremely hostile, she punched at the keys on her keyboard, it was obvious she was agitated to have to 'deal' with yet another pestering guest. I asked her for a price adjustment as rates had become less expensive since I booked w/ travelocity. &quot;No, there's nothing I can do for you&quot;, she barked. After a few minutes of unneccesary debate she revealed that the only way it could be resolved was through my 'outside' booking source. Not a great first impression but nonetheless, we kept a positive attitude, we were there to relax and enjoy, right?! Our bell man assisted us w/ our bags and was great: very helpful, efficient and COURTEOUS! We had paid for an upgrade to jacuzzi suite at the front desk and soon came to find that Marci had chosen a suite w/ a view(we had requested a nice view)of the building power generator on a floor just beneath noisy drilling/construction. Still we decided to make the most of it...my fiance went downstairs to order champagne for us at the bar. After five minutes of watching the bartender acknowledge everything but him, he was finally greeted with a head nod. He ordered bubbly and seeing as the bar had no other guests, tipped very generously to make up for the lack of business. He did not receive so much as a simple thanks. It was beginning to feel that perhaps we weren't exactly welcomed at the Palms. Long story short: Upon check-out, we decided to try our luck with Marci again. It turns out our prior experience was not a circumstance of her just &quot;having a bad day&quot;. Greeted AGAIN angrily by &quot;Last name?!&quot;, not a 'how was your stay' or 'how may I help you?' She totalled up our bill to an outrageous total. It turns out she charged us for nearly the entire refridgerator worth of spirits and mixers although we consumed nothing! We proceeded to tell her we had used it for our leftovers from dinner one night but did not use one item and asked why we were still charged. Infuriated, she scolded us, &quot;it's a mini-bar NOT A FRIDGE, I have to charge you.&quot; I was stunned! We argued until reluctantly, she told us &quot;half off is as good as I can do&quot;. I was furious! Finally, she said she would send someone up to our room to make sure we hadn't consumed anything, and it would be figured out by the time we returned to get our bags(which were kindly held by the bell desk for a few hours). Upon returning to the front desk, we inquired about our bill with a different clerk, who informed us that not a thing was done to reverse a single charge. We were shocked and felt terribly mistreated! The new clerk apologized and said it was no problem to reverse all the charges...we could'nt believe how easy it was resolved after all this turmoil Marci put us through! Overall, the negatives strongly outweighed the positives (bell desk and the comfy beds)with this hotel. We could not wait to get home so we could finally relax and try to recover from our nightmare experience w/ Marci! For all the publicity this hotel gets, we were FAR from impressed! I worked in the hotel industry for five years, am extremely understanding and rarely complain. This was the worst customer service I have EVER received.	
Jan 7 2006	Almost perfect	I had a 1,000 sq. ft. suite on the 53rd floor( I was upgraded; my lifestyle is much closer to Timex than Rolex) with drop-dead views of the strip that even extended to the suburbs beyond.The room was a study in understatement- tastefully decorated with teak accents, a bed and linens of regal quality, and a master bathroom with jacuzzi that borders on the cavernous. The off-strip location is ideal for those with a car who want to avoid the crush of strip traffic and be able to park within a minute or two of the hotels entrance. Try that at some of the 4,000 room strip megaliths. The buffet was good to very good depending on the night chosen, but the real standout--worth a detour in their own right--were the half-pound burgers at the 24/7 coffee shop. One drawback of note:literally inescapable music(of a volume disruptive enough to drown out my cellphone ringing) everywhere on the premises.Excluding the aforementioned caveat,this hotel has it all.	
Dec 25 2005	Don't Bother !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I am not sure where to start. Stay was for 3 night's in a run down suite. I think I will some it up with &quot; SPEND YOUR TIME AND MONEY SOMEWHERE ELSE&quot;	
Dec 18 2005	Less than expected	I stayed at the Palms over the Thanksgiving week. I had high expectations as the hotel is listed in a hotel class of 4 out of 5 stars. It did not meet my expectations, the hotel/room/food/service were not on par with other 4 out of 5 star hotels I have stayed. The first request was hyper allegenic bedding. Seems I was the first to ever request as it sent the service staff in to confusion. After several hours, the result was to go with two blankets, remove the comforter, and get very large foam pillows. I ended up going to the mall to buy two pillows. The rooms are not that impressive. The bathroom is not impressive with a normal size small tub. It took three nights for the service staff to replace the light bulb that was out in the bathroom. The second issue was the contruction. There is a new hotel tower and and condo going up right outside. At 7:30am the jack hammers started and constant beeps from construction vehicles backing up. If you want to sleep late make sure you are not on the side of the construction. The third issue was the billing of the telephone system. I reserved on one of the travel sites that clearly stated all non-incidental charges and taxes were included in the prepayment. The Palms charges a mandatory incidental charge of $1.00 per day on the phone. Also, it is per day meaning if you stay 5 nights you are charged for 6 days. I would have ignored when considering, I was spending several thousand at the hotel for food, room, and gambling, but I brought it up since they had double charged me for my internet usage. The staff were very discourteous and pointed out that the fine print that you sign when you check in clearly stated the charge was mandatory. For food we tried the breakfast buffet, Budhua, and the restuarant at the top of the hotel. The breakfast buffet was good food and value. The buffet food tasted better than the food at their award winning restaurants. The view was good at the resturant at the top of the hotel. Go somewhere else for better food and service. In the casino, I played at the blackjack tables and did not see anything better or worse than the other casinos. Overall, for the price of the Palms you can get much better rooms, food, and service at other hotels.	
Nov 28 2005	Nice hotel a few minor annoyances	We stayed at the Palms for part of our Thanksgiving week vacation because we found a good deal at hotels (about $60/night). We moved there from Treasure Island, which I would recommend more highly. We arrived at about 1 PM and were allowed to check in without a problem. The room was very nice; nice bed, nice bath amenities, free magazines, very comfortable. The casino was a lot of fun. I agree with people who have said that the slots are loose here. We didn't do a whole lot of gambling (just nickel slots at a few places) but we had the most fun playing at the Palms.We also loved eating at their 24/7 cafe. Delicious food, reasonable prices, and friendly service. We had a delicious and huge Thanksgiving dinner there for about $12/apiece. The problem with the Palms is that it is pretty far from the strip (a couple of miles--and a not very nice walk over the interstate) and a shuttle ran only about five times per day (every two hours from 10:30-6:30). The only reason I knew there was a shuttle at all was because of TripAdvisor reviews. I read in the previous review that there was a shuttle to Rio (a couple of blocks from the Palms) and maybe Rio has more frequent shuttles to the strip, but I would have never known about this because the Palms doesn't do a great job of communicating which services they have available. The staff doesn't tell you anything unless you ask, and I didn't see any of this information in the hotel service guide in the room. The staff was generally pretty nice; we dealt with a couple of fabulous people, but others were a little chilly.Overall, though, we had a fine time and it is a very nice hotel. And the staff was happy to answer questions; you just need to know which questions to ask.	
Nov 21 2005	Didn't like the Plams	I was curious to stay at the Palms because of all the publicity it gets. However, I was pretty disapointed by the end of our trip.First, we showed up around 3:30 pm to check-in and told to come back in an hour because there were no rooms ready yet. We decided to get an early dinner and went back to the front desk around 4:30pm. Still, no rooms were ready. After being asked to come back two more times, we were finally able to check into our room just after 7pm.Second, there was no pool available. The Palms website and their television show advertise how great and inviting the pool is. Upon arrival, we were surprised to find out that the pool was &quot;closed for the season.&quot; Not only was it closed, it was under construction!! We were told by the staff that we could walk up to the Rio and use their pool. We opted not to walk up to the Rio, too inconvenient. Then we found out the evening before we were scheduled to check out that there was a shuttle that went back and forth between the Palms and the Rio. Rest of the stuff was small but all added up to a bad experience. Stuff like, bad service in one of the restaurants, mediocre food, and no hot water on one of the mornings.While checking out, we asked for some kind of compensation but they refused. The front desk attendant urged us to send in a comment card and assured us that the owner reads every single one. I hope so. Our trip was six weeks ago and I have yet to hear from anyone who works for the Palms.	
Nov 10 2005	small rooms high prices unhelpful service	I stayed at the Palms on two occasions, for two bachelor parties, once in 2003 when it was still a relatively new kid on the block, and again in May 2004.On both occasions we had reserved, in addition to several standard rooms, a Junior Suite. During our first visit the Junior Suite had included an entertaining area and an in-room stereo. The second time around, the room had shrunk in size and could barely be called a suite -- though the price had increased.On Saturday afternoon, after our reservations for another club on the strip had fallen through, I spoke to the Palms' concierge about whether she could arrange admission for Palms' guests to either of the hotel's clubs. She was less than helpful, despite the thousands of dollars we were spending to stay at the Palms as guests, and our night would have been spent waiting behind a rope line were it not for a few well-placed bribes to Rain bouncers (such is Vegas).The salient exception to this was our experience at The Nines steakhouse (located inside the hotel and casino), which had exceptional service and even worked with us to create a custom menu.Though the Palms has a well-deserved reputation for being one the best places to party in Vegas, based on my last experience, it is better to visit, not to stay.	
Nov 5 2005	Fantasic service - comfy beds - great atmosphere	After three trips to Vegas I think I have found my favorite hotel. This service at this hotel is wonderful. After being treated like a second class citizen at many a hotel on the strip it was nice to have staff that truly cared about your stay. Some of the mega-hotels on Strip could care less about the awful room they put you in when you clearly paid for the suite - it's all about volume for them.We arrived on an early flight around 1pm. Fortunately our room was ready. As Hurricane Wilma escapees we were quite pleased since we had come from a place with no power and water for 5 days. The staff was super accommodating. Not only did the bellman bring up our bags he seemed truly interested in our experience and suggested we call the belldesk if we had any questions about the hotel or things to do. And the concierge desk was the highlight. Brandi was supremely helpful and patient in helping me make dinner reservations around town. She even had a great attitude when I would change my mind - a lot. She helped us find a laundry service so we could get some clean clothes!!! Can't say enough about the Concierge desk. The crowd at the Palms is a little younger and I definitely felt more at home here. Especially after checking out the new Wynn hotel where the age range jumps about 40 years and the pretentious wanna-bes abound. Oh and the people with the home video cameras who just tape as they walk - weirdos.The casino was fun. The Blackjack dealers were entertaining. The music being piped into the casino is current rock and not too loud. And $10 tables at night is a perk. At least I can choose to lose my shirt at a slower pace if I want. The rooms are very nice and the bed is heavenly. The sheets, pillow top mattress and super soft down comforter just make you wanna sleep all day and party all night. The hotel delivered on it's celebrity status too. We saw at least 3 Hollywood notables at dinner and the clubs. All in all a great 20-30 something hotel with great people. My husband and I were a little sad to leave - expecially since I still don't have power. Thanks to WILMA!!!!!	
Oct 28 2005	Comfy beds easy to get in 	We stayed at the Palms in Oct. 2005, the staff was very, very accomodating &amp; friendly. I highly recommend the rest. &quot;Little Buddha&quot;, located in the Casino, the food was excellent and the rest. had an awesome decor. The bartenders mix you up some great drinks, that they recommend!! The hotel also has a food court for late night munchies or an inexpensive snack. The rooms were very, very clean &amp; comfortable...although we weren't in it very much! No problems getting a cab for the 7 days we were there, no long wait lines. The place is full of beautiful people and has more of a younger crowd, it was a lot of fun. We will stay there again next year. The only bad thing,,,,,the pool was closed, due to renovations, bummer. Go see &quot;Larry&quot; at the sports book bar &amp; have him make you a &quot;Kryptonite&quot;, tell him Michelle sent you!	
Oct 12 2005	Nice but doubt I'll stay again	I stayed at The Palms 10/6 - 10/10/05. There was a mix up while checking in (around 11:30PM) and it was well after midnight before we had a room. Our room was booked for the following night so we had to move the next day. We were promised an *upgrade* but it was identical to what we had.There were never enough towels which was a nuisance. The room was clean, the toiletries plentiful but other than the comfy beds, nothing special. The walls are indeed paper thin and you can hear everything going on around you. The pool was closed and we weren't told until the third day that we could use the facilities at the Rio, right across the street.The elevators are fairly fast which is nice. The coffee pots in the room make 1 cup at a time and you're only given 2 pkts a day. The food court came in handy for a quick breakfast and more coffee. We didn't try the restaurants but lunch at the Fantasy Market Buffet during the week is a superb deal! $7.99 and you wouldn't believe the variety of food. We got on the VIP list for both Rain and the Ghostbar by calling the concierge desk.The shuttle has an odd schedule but taxi service is readily available. Personally, I'd rather stay closer to the strip as I've done in the past. One last suggestion - unless you want to feel like a sardine, don't put more than 2 people in a room .	
Oct 9 2005	ripped off on casino floor	We were playing black jack at table near entrance and profesional stole back pack! when we reported to security they were useless!! Watch your back and bags!	
Sep 28 2005	The Palms- Almost perfect.	I stayed at the Palms from Sept 19 thru the 25th of this year.The taxi from the airport to the palms was over $20 with tip. From the Palms to the airport to leave Las vegas it was about $9 with tip. I walked up to check in with no line and was on my way up to my room in under 30 seconds. The room was on the 5th floor and had two double beds and a bathroom that was big enough for two people to get ready at once if needed. The bed was very confortable with the sheets being really soft. Mattress was a little hard but i am used to a waterbed which is why i think it felt that way. The shower had great water pressure and the water itself stayed hot the whole time. One problem in the bathroom was if you turned the cold water faucett in the sink a little to much the pipes rattled big time. The biggest problem i had was that the walls are a little to thin as you can hear doors slamming,the conversation of the room next to you and you know when they are taking a shower because you can hear the water running. My room was on the Club Rain end and you could feel the vibration of the bass if you went to bed before the club closed. I did not care as i did not go to Vegas to sleep that much. Room service was great and reloaded me every morning with towels and shower supplies.There are plenty of upscale restaurants to choose from and a food court for those like me. I was at skin every day laying out by the pool which is smaller than i thought it would be. Be warned, they are doing major construction at skin so there is no peace and quiet as they were and are tearing down the buildings to add a 33 million dollar expansion for the pool area next year. A life guard told me that Skin will be closing two months early this year so they can complete the project by next spring. The new Palms place they are building also blocks the sun for about 90 minutes every day so the pool is in complete shade during that time. Small mixed drinks were $9 with a large costing $13. Service was great and fast even when ordering food. Skin also closes at 5pm which means you have no where to go after that if you want to stay outside and get some more sun. I was at Rain on Thursday and Saturday nights and had no problem getting to the bar and getting drinks even though the club was packed. I never waited more than a minute to be waited on. Yager Bombs cost $11 if that is your drink of choice so i assume the other drinks are in that range also. They need to bring the Go Go dancers back though as they are fun to watch. Yes they pack the people in but that is the fun of people watching. I played the slots and never had to wait that long for a cocktail waitress to ask me if i wanted anything. They were very friendly and struck up conversation when they had the chance. Everybody who i talked to that worked there from the desk to security was friendly and answered any questions i had. They have a free shuttle that takes you to Caesars Palace and the fashion mall but it stops running about 6:30pm. Bus to Caesars cost $1.25, Taxi to Caesars was about $7 with tip and i walked to Caesars which took about 25-30 minutes. Checkout was no hassle but they do charge you $1 a day for line service for your phone even if you did not use it. My overall experience was very good and i can not wait to come back when all the construction is done because that pool area should be awesome.	
Sep 14 2005	Palms Rocks	On our first trip to Vegas we were sceptical of staying off of the strip, but we were not disappointed. A hot chick at the front desk (who will remain nameless) informed us that it was our lucky day and upgraded us to a suite in place of the deluxe that we paid $80 a night for (us and our buddy's room). Our Rooms were AWESOME ! We had a living area with a bath and also a bedroom with a private bath. The Suites are on the corner of the building so we had 3 sets of windows with awesome views. The bed was better than the one I have at home. We hooked up with a girl and she told us how to get into a private party at the Skin Lounge and drink for free and then transferr to rain with no cover. The night was awesome and we bought only one round of drinks at rain. I recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Sep 11 2005	It was terrible	The palms is very overrated. The staff is rude and non helpful. The bathrooms in the casnio areas were gross. Club Rain is advertised as the #1 club in vegas. It was the worst club I have been to in the 5 years I have been coming to vegas. The club is beautiful on the inside but they allow to many people in at one time. You can forget making it to the dance floor or the bar for that matter. The line for the bathroom is at least an hour wait. The security staff were pocketing money and allowing people to enter no matter how full the club was. I also saw several people being pushed and almost falling down because of the heavy crowd. I stayed in the club one hour, was unable to make it to the bar or dance floor. I left and went to Studio 54 and had a great time.	
Sep 10 2005 	The Palms - A Great New Hotel Keeps Getting Better	The vibe at the Palms is contemporary, accessible, sexy, and comfortable. My room was clean, large, and yes the bed was very comfy. I had an upper floor room that had a great view of the strip, the mountains, and the city lights. There is a cafe and buffet, plus a variety of restaurants and a really good food court. Little Budda (Asian Food and Sushi) is awesome and so is the Mexican Restaurant. The staff at the reception desk is very professional and the Casino Floor is a relaxed place to do some gambling. They have a shuttle bus that will take you to the Strip, or it's an easy 5 minute drive if you have a car. The Ghost Bar is a rooftop bar and patio that has incredible views (admission is free early in the evening). The pool is nice and there's a spa if you're into pampering. Also, the Palms has almost finished a second hotel tower that will include a live music venue and more restaurants. A third tower (Palms Place) is planned for ultra luxurious condos that will increase the resort's hip quotient. The Palms is a very cool way to experience Las Vegas.	
Sep 9 2005	Good value	For $99 a night, this hotel was really a good value. Though the hotel is clearly off the strip, I was pleasantly suprised by the rooms and overall experience. The bathroom was large and fairly well lit, though there is only a tub/shower combination. The room itself was good size and the bed was very comfortable. The general color scheme of the rooms (with muted beige tones) was also pleasant. We did not have much problem with noise outside the room at night. The restaurants in the hotel are also of a high caliber. N9ne, for instance, was fantastic but extremely expensive. Unless you can get a better deal at one of the more spectacular strip hotels (e.g., Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, The Hotel, Wynn, or Venetian), I would not hesitate to recommend the Palms. (For instance, while I like the Bellagio better than the Palms, the Palms is a clear winner over the Monte Carlo.)	
Sep 2 2005 	great stay!	After reading the past reviews on our site, I did get a bit worried before going...Overall I have to give them a 95% score...positives:- Rooms are great, George that works upfront upgraded up to the 51st floor suite...beds are amazing!!!! We never ever heard anyone else next to us...- casino was very very clean!- poker room was great, the dealers were great and the table bonuses were great... just make sure to get a players card before loggin in to play, you get 1.00 per hour for playing, so it can be used for food.- saw lots of celebs, to many to list, but was over 10-12 people.- we did like the cheap food at the food court..ie pizza mcdonalds etc...- sports betting area was perfect- ghost bar was off the hook, dj made it happen with all the old school mixes... great view on the balcony, BUT they need fans out their with water to cool it down... just way too hot to wear long sleeves and slacks and try to stay out there/ If u want to get on the VIP - make sure to check out (---) - sign up and you will get on the list.- also who every complained saying you cant get to your room via he elevator was wrong... there are two sets of elevators and as long as you have a room key you can go up with no problems.Negatives....- waitresses were super hot!!!! (we love the outfits)!, but most of them have no clue how to smile.... very boring.... lot of us that play poker talked about the one waitress who smiled all the time, usally got tipped 2 1.00 chips.... but the others were snobby.- very loud fire alarm kept going off every day around 6pm-9 pm over n over... they were doing GFI testing for the new buildings they are adding onto the palms/ just very poud and annoying and sucked theycouldnt turn it down.- last night staying they forgot to clean our rooms- internet doesnt work... if you plan on brining your laptop, call ahead to make sure they give you a room that has the connection.- closing the pool at 5 sucks!	
Aug 31 2005	The Palms was fabulous!	This was our first time in Vegas. My husbad and I arrived at the hotel without knowing what to expect. We were immidiately upgraded to a Junior Suite on the 20th Floor with no extra cost. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable and we enjoyed the great views from both windows. The walls are thin so beware. We heard a lot of couples &quot;enjoying&quot; themselves but we didn't mind. The casino is smaller than the ones on the strip which was great because the cocktail waitresses were able to make their rounds. Bring plenty of money because drinks are expensive if you have to buy them! We had a great time at the Ghost Bar and Skin. We never had to pay a cover or wait in line. ..you need to dress to impress! We were able to attend a birthday party for a famous celebrity and met many more in the lobby. The Palms was fabulous and we will definitely be back!	
Aug 19 2005	The Palms is beyond awful!	We were booked for four nights and lasted one. My wife and I couldn't help but notice that the casino floor seemed to be testosterone heaven as evidenced by the packs of young men running around looking for &quot;action&quot;. I also don't think I've ever seen a Tattoo parlour (!) in the middle of a casino before like the one at the Palms. Scads of young people were lining up in droves for entry into the night club and bars. Trendy as it may be, nevertheless one wants to get some sleep. We went to bed around 1am only to be awakened by the loudest carry on going on in the suite next to us. The door was slamming and opening constantly as people came in and out. Loud bass driven music thumped mercilessly through the wall.People were shrieking and laughing so loudly that it sounded like we were next to a room full of hyenas that were being tortured. We phoned the front desk to ask to be moved only to be told that the hotel was sold out and there was nowhere to move us to. They said they would send security to quiten things down but if they did they obviously were completely ineffectual as the party was still raging away when we left at 3am to move to another hotel. The vacuous young front desk clerk agreed that we shouldn't have to pay (duh!) but didn't even apologise.The only upside was that I hit a jackpot for several thousand dollars before trying to go to bed which allowed us to splurge and move to the Bellagio which was sublime in every way.	
Aug 12 2005	The Palms is the best!	My husband and myself stayed at the Palms for 2 night in August for $89 per night. We arrived at the hotel on a Sun a.m. approx 11:00. It was too early to check in at that time so we were advised to return after 1:00 pm. We enjoyed their Champagne Brunch ($12.99) and returned to the front desk at 1:15 or so. Upon checking in, we were pleasantly suprised that we had been upgraded to a Junior Suite at no extra charge. The elevators were conveinently located. We had a Junior Suite on the 6th floor which had two large windows, one facing south and one facing east, both with great views of the strip and pool. The room had a refreshment center/mini-bar. It also had a sitting area with a couch, table, and chair. The restroom was very well-lit and spacious. It had a shower/tub with Neutrogena toiletries and robes. The most impressive thing about our room was the bed. It really does live up to the Palm's claim that they have the most comfortable bed in Vegas. I probably spent more time in this hotel room than any other room I have stayed in before! We did order room service/dessert one late night and it arrived promptly and was delicious. We dined at one of the hotels restaurants, Little Buddah, which is an upscale asian/sushi restaurant. Their sushi and service was fabulous. We really enjoyed relaxing at the property's casino bars and people watching. We have visited this property before to gamble, but this was our first time staying here and DEFINITELY not our last.	
Jul 24 2005	Great Views-Don't Miss It!	We visited the Ghost Bar Lounge at the top of the Palms on the 55th floor! The views were gorgeous! We went in around 10:30 p.m. It's a great place to go have a drink and &quot;watch people&quot;. There's a live DJ and dancing too! The outside of the club hangs out over the hotel! We hoped to see Sacramento Kings players or the Maloof's but weren't fortunate enough to do so! Had a great time though!There's a see-through floor that you can see down through to the pool area! Cool but scary!We got our VIP tickets (Reservations) at Travelnice. They were free. There's usually a cover charge.It was well worth the trip up!We had breakfast at the Sunrise Rest. at the Palms too (overlooking the &quot;Skin Bar and Pool) and enjoyed great food! They were filming a commercial at the pool. Cool place to hang out! (All of the chairs and floats were &quot;Kings Purple&quot;!A &quot;must see&quot; for Kings fans!)	
Jul 15 2005	Poor Service	I've stayed at the Plams a few times, but this was the last. Overall, I enjoy the hotel &amp; atmosphere. The rooms, casino &amp; pool are nice, but the service sucks. Order two drinks at a time because there is never a cocktail waitress around, and the dealers are rude.My last stay I was charged for various items in the mini bar I didn't drink, so check your bill when you check out.I was also charged for a night I didn't stay there, and everytime I call to correct the problem I get the run around. Next time I'll stay at the Hard Rock, same atmosphere, but better service.	
Jul 14 2005	Rooms bland hotel is trendy	the rooms at the palms are bland and average at best. i wanted to try out the palms because it had a 5-star rating on vegas.com, so i was expecting something along the lines of the venetian or mandalay bay. i upgraded to one of their junior suites and was still disappointed! i can't even imagine how bland the regular rooms are. prices can get super expensive at weekends, but if you can find a night or two for under $100, i guess its worth it. just don't expect anything greater than a regular hotel room....other than the room, the palms is nice...nice casino, cheap restaurants, and long lines for the nightclubs and bars at night....	
Jul 5 2005	First horel this trip	Stayed at the Palms in June this year, this was the first of two hotels on this trip, the other being the Orleans, with a five day trip to visit family in Salt lake thrown in between Vegas. Back to the palms, Very Very good hotel and rooms, mostly good staff, some a little snooty, but not to the point of being a problem. The beds in our room were possibly the best hotel beds that I have ever slept in, bathroom great and the whole thing very clean. However the casino had little or no atmosphere, which was disappointing, the pool was loud but we expected that after reading some reports before our trip, the food from the various eating stops were only average if that, for Vegas that is. This Hotel/Casino has a lot going for it but could do a lot better.	
Jun 15 2005	Enjoyed my stay	I have stayed at most of the strip hotels. This hotel is for the younger crowd (or young at heart). I would not recommend this hotel if this is your first trip to Vegas since its location is so far off the strip. If you came to Vegas to party and you want a clean/comfortable room, and pretty good restaurants, this is the place for you.	
Jun 14 2005	One dealer spoils it all	My wife and I are from Thailand and have been visiting Las Vegas yearly for the last 10 years each time staying at a different hotel. We have heard a lot of good things about this hotel and therefore decided to pay a visit - but what a pitty that one dealer can spoil it all. To initiate a conversation or perhaps because we look like obvious foreigners from Asia we are often asked by dealers - 'where are you from ?' - Well sitting at an empty black jack table at the Palms - my wife tried to initiate a conversation with the dealer in the same way by asking the same question that are being asked us every day by dealers - 'excuse me where are you from ?' - but to our surprise his response was - 'why ? does it make any difference ?' - We left immediately and would never return feeling embarrased that we may have offended him in some way.	
Jun 12 2005	#ONE	The Plams do have the loosest slots, you just have to know which ones to play, their staff on the casino floor are freindly. Why not try the poker room early mournings, or sit on a slot machine betwen 2:00 and 3:00 a.m. by the poker room and you can catch a free show of the out of towners leaving the casino after a night of drinking.	
Jun 12 2005	Dont take kids to the Palms!	Just got done staying at the Palms. Took a 15 and a 12 year old and they were bored stiff! This is definitely a young adult place. We did not see one child in their age bracket the whole 4 nights we were there. The pool was unappealing, due to the size. Their was no arcade for them. There were some upsides to this place. The beds were awesome! Never got a bad meal there. Little Buddha is all what they say it is. The hotel is connected to a top movie theater and the staff seemed to keep an eye out for the 2 boys the whole time we were there. The pool parties at night were a little loud, but the kids enjoyed seeing the celebrities that were there. I would return next time with just my wife, but if kids are involved, shoot for the Strip, such as the Luxor, Monte Carlo,Mandelay Bay.	
Jun 9 2005	Great time at the Palms	We were worried after reading some of the reviews here but were pleasantly surprised during our stay. We are both in our late 30's and stayed at the Palms to try something different than the usual &quot;Strip&quot; visit this time. It was an easy jaunt across the street to check out the Rio for a couple of hours, but we spent the rest of our time at the Palms. We stayed Monday through Thursday and had a blast. The staff were all freindly and willing to help at all times. Cocktail waitresses were everywhere and we were never without a drink when we wanted one. Slots were loose and dealers were freindly, helpful and all around great. The lines for the clubs were tactfully routed so that there was always access to the elevators. The pool was clean and the pool staff were attentive, cheerful and helpful. Rooms were clean and beds were extremely comfortable. They didn't miss a beat during our stay and we will definitely be back.	
Jun 1 2005	The Palms = Overrated	We were excited to stay at the Palms. In short, I received 1 drink in a dixie cup while gambling. A fight broke out on the casino floor for about 7 minutes. The room was the equivalent of a Holiday Inn but cost $350. The walls were so thin I should have charged the neighbors rent. They didn't even care when we checked out early....OVER RATED. Terrible service like this will last only so long.	
May 31 2005 	Stay Somewhere Else!!!	This place is a joke compared to the other hotels we visited such as Rio, Paris and Caesar's. No class whatsover - just a bunch of year long spring breaker's in residence. The place is noisy, the cocktail waitresses in the casino hardly ever show themselves to the general public and if you want to get back to your room after a night out on the town, you have to push your way thru a huge crowd of drunk and obnoxious twenty-somethings waiting to get into the clubs. There is only one elevator to the guest rooms and it is totally blocked by these out of control idiots. God help the Palms if there was an emergency. Hundreds of innocent people would be trapped because of their lack of concern. The Fire Dept. should shut them down. Most of the employees give you the impression that they can't stand their job which doesn't say much either. Don't waste your money. Go to someplace nice!!!!	
May 9 2005	Stay somewhere else	This is a tough one. While I would not ever recommend the Palms for an overnight stay, I do recommend that you visit the casino, steakhouse and the clubs, particularly the Ghost Bar. Why not stay? My experience:First, the room was not ready after the prescribed check-in time. They took my cell number and said that they would call when a &quot;room in your rate class&quot; is ready. I took it as a bad sign when they never called and indeed, my &quot;rate class&quot; ($400 per night) got me a room with a beautiful view of the air conditioning units on the roof, three bright spot lights right outside the window and a front seat to the construction of the Palms condos. I had requested a King bed and got two doubles. When I called and asked if a King room was available, I didn't get the runaround or any excuses and definitely no apologies, just a flat out &quot;no.&quot; You certainly don't go to Vegas to catch up on your sleep, and the Palms goes to great lengths to ensure that you don't sleep too late. It started my first morning when I thought someone was banging pipes right outside my window. Indeed, they were, at the construction site. Alllllllll morning long.I was awakened Saturday morning at 7 by a maid vacuuming right outside my door. It wasn't that the vaccum was particularly loud...it was her walkie-talkie turned at full volume so she could hear it over the vaccum's motor.I'm not sure exactly where they spent all the money building the Palms, but it certainly wasn't in their walls between guest rooms. I heard every cough (I am convinced the guy had emphysema), conversation and phone ring from the room next to mine. After a particular noisy spell (at 5:00 in the morning) my travel companion noted that the neighbors must have gone to sleep. I was able to inform her that they were not asleep and in fact had left the room...I had just heard them confirming on the phone that a car was picking them up. The worst was when they showered...it sounded like a water cannon being shot through a tin can between the walls. And each afternoon, we had to call housekeeping in order to get our room cleaned-up. The second time I called, I was informed that housekeeping works the rooms through 4:30 (or maybe 5)...saying, without really saying, that I needed to be patient. I would understand the need for patience except for the fact that I was calling at 5:30.I went to the Palms fully in the knowledge that it attracted a young crowd and that the hotel had a reputation for being a bit snobbish in the classic French model. Therefore, the loud, drunk meatheads yelling obsenities down the hall at 3:00 in the morning didn't really bother me. And I actually found the staff to be responsive and pleasant...very un-French like. But for $400 a night I expected a bit more from the hotel...no, a LOT more. My advice: Vist the Palms, stay somewhere else. P.S. In my business, I entertain a lot of clients at some of the most famous steakhouses in America. However, none -- not one -- even comes close to the dining experience at &quot;N9NE.&quot; The fantastic service was exceeded only by the food. If you go to Vegas and want a great, memorable meal, you must go to N9NE.	
May 2 2005	Loved Playing at The Palms	We stumbled on THE PALMS quite by accident last year after hitting the Starbucks right next door. We stopped and played, and played and played. They have slots there I haven't seen elsewhere, or at least hadn't at the time. We love the 50x poker machine (right near the entrance to the movie theater) We signed up for the players card. Since then we had offers to stay at THE PALMS for free and we finally took them up on the offer last week.We stayed 2 nights at THE PALMS (other night was at THE ORLEANS). We got in so late we opted not to book the room for the first night - I knew the OH was going to be playing, so why bother. They were nice enough to give us the room early. The beds are VERY comfortable, but if you are like me and like a firm pillow, you won't find one in the room, very soft-was hard to sleep even with two.I was a bit surprised on the day we were going to check out to hear a loud BANG against the window early morning-scared the crap out of me! Thankfully the drapes were closed as it was the window washer and he sure would of gotten an eyeful if they hadn't been. Mentioned it to the front desk, they didn't seem concerned - said they don't know when he's coming???? Told them it would of been nice if they would know and then tell people before they get scared out of their wits!The food at the buffet is typical, though they do have some Middle Eastern food during lunch, which is unusual in Vegas. If you like Middle Eastern it's not all that bad, but I would highly suggest a short jaunt over to BASHA on the corner of Maryland and Flamingo - we found this little hole-in-the-wall a few years back and go at least twice when we are there - food is FABULOUS and the warm, freshly made baklava (fingers) are to die for.We also ordered late night from the Mexican rest there - it was awful and it went uneaten for the maid to take away in the morning. It was too late to contact the rest. that evening, but told the front desk upon check-out - they said there was nothing they could do, speak to the rest. mgr - there as well, nothing they could do unless we wanted to eat there again - we declined. We would of rather the gift certificates back - out $30It wasn't crowded at all in the casino, esp. during the day - though I've been on a weekend evening and it does get crowded with a very young crowd. What I like about THE PALMS as well is that you don't smell cigaratte smoke being that prevalent - unless you get someone sitting in close proximity, which does and can happen.All in all, we like THE PALMS and would most definitely stay there again if they want to put us up for free. With the players card and the points you can accumulate you can use them for food, rooms, etc. We didn't have to pay for anything with using our points and we still have about $200 worth of points left on our players cards for next time.	
Apr 4 2005	The bedding alone is worth the stay!	While I did not quite fit into the hip twenty-something demographic, I did realy enjoy my stay at the Palms:Pro's:1. Amazing bedding. I loved the pillows and the comforter. There's nothing like sinking into a comfy bed after a long day, and these are the best beds I've stayed in so far in Vegas.2. It's a small casino and I like that. The mega-resorts are overwhelming and easy to get lost in. I like the small feel.3. Despite the small feel, everything you need is here: restaurants from the standard coffee shop and buffets, to fast food to groumet. There's a movie theatre onsite. The spa is nice.4. I don't have kids, but they seem to have a drop in day-care area where you can leave your kids for five hours max. I don't know the cost, but what a great idea. If I had kids, this would be a major plus!5. Great bathroom. The vanity is great for applying make-up.6. Our room had an amazing view of the strip!7. Despite reports to the contrary, they do have good games there if you stick to video poker and look for the games that say over 100% return. But they are a casino, and most of the slots will cost you money. Most people do lose in Vegas. But the odds on the video poker and slot games are in general better than you find on the strip. Beware the table games though. 6:5 blackjack is a joke.Cons1. As others have noted, the walls are thin. I am a heavy sleeper, so not a big deal to me, but I did hear our neighbors in the morning, and I could hear everything they were saying even though they did not seem to be talking loudly.2. If you are not young and hip, you can feel out of place. I did at times. As an overweight female the place can feel intimidating. 3. The lines for the night clubs make it hard to get back to your room at night; it is a little hard to navigate.4. What's up with the 6:5 blackjack?5. The poker room allows smoking, where most of the other Vegas poker rooms are now non-smoking	
Mar 30 2005 	Hammering at 8AM??	I will never stay here again. After being out until approximately 5 o'clock in the morning (which is to be expected in Vegas, right?)my boyfriend and I were rudely awakened at 8AM to the sounds of HAMMERING coming from the upstairs room. We called the front desk to inquire about what on earth they might be doing at that ungodly hour, we were told they were installing carpet in the floor above us. &quot;At 8AM,?&quot; we asked. We were not happy, to say the least. Especially since we were facing a 7 hour drive back home to San Luis Obispo which was not going to be fun on less than 3 hours sleep. I went down to the front desk at check out and politely asked to have our room comped for the previous night since we considered that to be quite a disturbance. The girl who &quot;helped&quot; me was a real witch, to say the least. I waited while she chatted with some of the other employees and clicked away on the computer. Once I received my credit card bill, I found that the room charges had NOT been removed. It took several phone calls to finally get a refund and everyone I dealt with was rude. Besides all that, I found the hotel decor to be boring. There was nothing special about it. Also, my boyfriend and I were playing poker late one night and they had one of the side doors open for cleaning reasons. This was in January, and a ~freezing~ gust of wind was coming in and bothering everyone sitting at the table. We politely asked if they could please close it (afterall, we were spending hundreds of dollars at that table!) and finally one of the pit bosses shut it, but not without rolling his eyes first. Very professional!	
Mar 27 2005	Only for the young and stupid	I have been going to Las Vegas for almost 20 years, and this is the noisiest and most obnoxious place I've ever experienced. Only for the Spring Break Crowd. The Steakhouse is first class, but all other food outlets should be avoided. I never felt safe there with so many drunken kids hanging out around the clubs.	
Mar 26 2005	Nice place to stay	We stayed at the Palms for one night after staying three nights at Harrah's on the Strip and it was a welcome relief. First thing noticed was how quite the casino was. There wasn't all the noise from the slot machines compared to other casinos on the Strip. Since we were only staying one night, they upgraded our room to a junior suite, which was a corner room with two large windows with a wonderful view of the strip. The bed was very, very comfortable compared to the hard bed at Harrah's. We ate at Little Buddha, which was delicious. We went to the Ghostbar, and being with a group of 5 girls, we got in free. It was a very nice (and trendy) bar with a great view of the Strip, but I wouldn't have paid the $20 cover charge to get in. Drinks were $12.50 for a martini and about $8 for a mix drink. The hotel was a lot quieter than I thought it would be. I wished there was more action going on around the pool, but I guess it was out of season.	
Mar 15 2005	The Best Casino Resort In Las Vegas!	Wow! That one word sums it up! My wife and I (both mid twenties) had the pleasure of staying at the Palms during our one week vacation to Las Vegas. We stayed the first part of the week at the Palms and the second part of the week at the Golden Nugget (review to come). We had a Grand Suite on the 37th floor. First, check-in was quick and efficient. Our room was ready for us at around noon. We went up to the 37th floor and we were floored with the beauty of our suite. 1000 sq ft of luxury. The bed and linens were the best. The towels and bathrobes were soooo soft. The jacuzzi tub was huge and the two bathrooms came in handy for both my wife and I to get ready. Again, the room was FABULOUS!!!!!We had a great time in the casino as well. I am not sure how to explain it but the casino had a hip/cool feel about it. It was open and airy with excellent music playing throughout the casino. The cocktail service was great (remember to tip well). We were able to get on the VIP list for the Ghost Bar. I was shocked with the size of the line especially for a week night. If you can get on the list DO IT as the queue can be long and it was great not to have to wait in line. My first impression of the Ghost Bar was that it was smaller than I imagined. The music was good though and the drinks were strong and reasonable (in line with Boston and New York prices). I loved the huge outside balcony. Make sure you stand on the glass window and look down. A little freaky especially after a couple of drinks.For food, we ate at the buffet for breakfast and lunch as well has having a meal at the 24hour coffee shop. All of the food was wonderful, the made to order omelets at the buffet are great.I would encourage everyone to stay at the Palms. If you are not staying there at least take some time to check out the casino and maybe the Ghost Bar. It is a cool place that doesn't feel like a strip mega resort even though it has all the features of one. It has an intimate cool feeling that will make you feel at home.	
Mar 3 2005	Nickel and Dimed	Get ready to be charged for everything - even using the hotel facilities such as the gym. The service is spotty, and the bouncers managing the crowd in line for the clubs are down right mean and rude - they are unavoidable because they are stationed as you get off the elevators from your room.	
Feb 17 2005	Over -hyped	Don't believe the hype on this Las Vegas &quot;Resort&quot;. My wife and I stayed there for 5 days in January and were terribly disappointed. The Hotel caters to the young -money- has- no -value -crowd. If you are not a high roller or a celeb you are treated as if you should feel honored to be allowed on the property. The &quot;famous&quot;Ghost Bar is a joke in my opinion. $20 to get in and $8 for a bottle of beer....and the Secret Service wannbes that act as security personel are arrogant and rude. And the Rain Nightclub...more Secret Service wannbes that are rude and arrogant and so overpriced it makes Manhattan nightclubs seem inexpensive. The view from the Ghost Bar is nice, but like everything associated with this hotel..WAY OVER HYPED. Frankly, my wife and I have had better views from hotel rooms on the strip. The 9N Steakhouse is world class. A bit pricey but the service and quality of the food make this restaurant a wonderful dining experience. The staff at 9N should give the other hotel staff and &quot;security guards&quot; some lessons on hospitality and service. The other restaurants in the hotel are very good and the service is well above average. The dealers at the blackjack tables were cordial and some interacted very well with the players. We had fun at the tables. I can't report on the &quot;famous&quot; Skin Lounge or pool area as it was closed for the season, but we did visit the spa and fitness center. Again..pay to get in and frankly I've been in better equipped YMCA's and JCC's. Just a bunch of over-hyped fluff all the way around at this place. They normally charge $299 for a Deluxe Room with one king size bed. I have stayed in Holiday Inns for $80 that had better appointed rooms. My wife and I are in the upper income bracket and go to Vegas expecting to loose at the tables and spend like drunken sailors but we expect to be appreciated and made to feel good about dumping our money in a place. Folks, I strongly suggest you don't waste your money at the Palms. Mandalay Bay, Ceasars or just about all the other hotels on the strip will give you a better time for your money. When another hotel opens in Vegas that caters to this type crowd the Palms will be hosting Bingo conventions. For a romantic get-a-way with real class stay out at Lake Las Vegas at the newly opened Ritz. Even the Hyatt is nice, but a couple of clicks down from the Ritz in terms of overrall class and service.	
Feb 2 2005	2 baby boomers loved it	Although it seems that the Palms has a reputation for being the party spot for the twenty something crowd, my husband (52) and I (45) enjoyed our stay the week after Christmas very much. We were not among those lined up for the Ghost bar at 10 or 11 p.m., but we did enjoy the cafe in the morning for a reasonably priced breakfast each day. We encountered friendly and helpful staff throughout our 4 night stay. The room was clean and quiet with a very comfortable bed. The movie theater on site was a good alternative to the slots when we needed a break from gambling. The shuttle service to the mall and Ceasar's was a good start, but we would have liked for it to run more frequently and to have a couple more stops. Another nice thing we noticed: No pesky time share-type solicitations for &quot;free tickets&quot; if you listen to a presentation.	
Jan 14 2005	Hard Rock is better	I’m a huge fan of the Hard Rock Hotel, but we decided to give The Palms a try on one of our all-girls trips to Vegas last year because of its reputation. This place had some positives and negatives.Positives—the rooms are simply gorgeous. Understated elegance. That is the main reason I give this place an above average rating. Beds were unbelievably comfy, bathroom was beautiful and spacious with some great toiletries. Also, since The Palms is a smaller property, there is a more intimate feel to it. Easy walk to the pool, casino, restaurants, etc. The ghostbar is a blast, be sure to check it out, but the cover charge is a little ridiculous if you ask me.Negatives—the pool stinks. It is small and there is an unfriendly vibe. I’m used to the Hard Rock, where you hang out in the pool with a drink in your hand and make friends you wind up meeting up with again later that night! This pool scene just wasn’t any fun at all. Their 24-hour café wasn’t too great either. Head to the food court instead, you’re better off with a slice of pizza. Overall, the clientele and staff at the Hard Rock are just more fun and down-to-earth, but just as hot! I’ll visit The Palms for their clubs and restaurants (I really want to try N9NE!), but I most likely will not stay there again.	
Jan 7 2005	Enjoyable	Stayed here over the New Year period and bumped into Maroon 5!That makes it an awesome stay in my book!	
Dec 24 2004	21st Birthday and Loved it!	I just came back from Vegas and I stayed at The Palms for one night and at the Paris for two nights. Check in at the palms was a great ...check out was very fast too. The casino was kinda lonely from 1pm to around 8pm...but the then the place was full! It took us like a hour and a half to get into Rain which was totally worth going to. The staff was really friendly and nice. I would go again for the weekend only.	
Dec 15 2004	Very Nice for those of Us Who Prefer Off-Strip	Stayed at the Palms part of Thanksgiving weekend and it more than met all our expectations. Everyone we encountered working there was friendly and helpful. However, we did not do the club scene there. We drove in from Southern California and it was easy to find, parking in and out is easy, check in and out was quick and efficient. We like being a little way from the strip, so if you want to be on the strip, this would not be the hotel for you. The room and bathroom were very clean. It is true, the beds and the linens are the best I have encountered in a hotel, period. The food court was nice to have, we had nice breakfasts in the coffee shop (crunchy french toast was awesome!) and enjoyed the Mexican restuarant. We were on the 24th floor facing North and the view was terrific. Oh yeah, believe it or not, we don't gamble, so did not use the casino, so have no idea how it compares to others. We would definitely go back.	
Dec 13 2004	Snotty Club Attitude shouldn't be for guests of the Hotel	We went to the Palms for a couple of reasons. Firstly this hotel and casino is geared toward the 21-35 crowd. I am 24 and so are most of the people I traveled with. The hotel is said to have some of the hottest chicks....and they were....and best &quot;scene&quot; for our age group.The The Palms is home to Ghost Bar and Rain two bar/clubs that are supposed to be pretty cool and fun (w/ lots of hot chicks)....we wanted to go to these clubs and figured it'd be cool to have a have a &quot;home base&quot; at that hotel so we could kinda....have it all under one roof.We arrived around 10 or 11 on Friday night. After asking our host if we could get on the list for either club we learned that the list was closed and we would have to try for tommorrow....could we put our names down now for Saturday night.....no, was the answer, we would have to wait till tommorrow..... After having played a little on Friday night and Saturday day we asked again about admission and were denied comps (which is OK cause we really didn't play THAT much) but were told we couldn't get on the list (just to avoid the line...not free) We asked if we could buy a table for bottle service...also unavailable....This information only came, by the way, after a chain of people who gave us similar responses.....&quot;I can't help you with that, you need to talk to.... so and so...&quot;Furthemore, I tried to get a spa appointment and they were full....which is OK...but when I asked them to put my name down in case of a cancelation they said they have a very strict cancellation policy and nothing would be available. I later walked down to the spa and had to ask them to write down my name and number and to call me should there be a cancelation. It was like pulling teeth.... The staff was generally snotty and not very helpful....no one smiled or said hello, no one helped me with my bags or asked if my stay was OK...we were confronted with the snotty, self-important, ----- attitude that you expect from a bouncer at a club...but certainly not from the staff of a hotel you were a guest of.	
Dec 12 2004	Palms is nearly perfect!	The Palms is nearly perfect! Lively casino, every restaurant and entertainment option you can imagine, and the best beds and linens I have ever experienced! Some of the reviews on this site seem a little one-sided and the Palms deserves nothing but 5-star ratings. I was extremely impressed with every aspect. Check-in was great and the overall staff is the friendliest in Vegas. Will definately return and will be a loyasl and pleased customer for life! Best joint in Vegas!	
Nov 18 2004	Palms meets expectations	I stayed here mid-week in mid-November 2004. Check in and out went easily and quickly. The room itself was nice; call it upper-level Westin caliber. Bathroom spacious with cool lights that started dim, then got brighter (good for middle of the night trips).Design of the hotel was great, not gaudy as apparently some reviewers are looking for. Spa was good, good facilities (steam room, sauna, that shower that dumps water on you thing, jacuzzi, the usual gym equipment). Unfortunately, it was too chilly to enjoy the pool, but it looked nicely done. Went to the Ghostbar. Nice place, but in the end, it is just a nice bar, so the cover charge is a little silly. It's not like a huge club with light show or band or anything (not that it has to be, just that that's the type of place I would expect a cover). Also ate at Little Buddha which had a phenomenal interior, and pretty dang good food (although the menu was not quite as adventurous as I had hoped). If you stay at the Palms, and eat elsewhere, at least have a drink, or even just poke your head into Little Buddha. I gave this four stars, keeping in mind what it is: a trendy hotel off the Las Vegas strip. It’s no Ritz, nor did I expect it to be.	
Nov 12 2004	Overall a good hotel	I have stayed at most of the Las Vegas hotels. Overall I enjoyed my stay. The room was average but nice. The bed/pillows better than most Vegas hotels. The casino was very average. The steak house and french restaurant Alize (located on the roof of the Palms) were very good, though a bit expensive. Nice spa, great massages for the price. The nightclub rain and the ghost bar were fun for the 21 to 35 crowd. Location of the hotel a minus. The pool is average at best, but with a cool young crowd.	
Oct 28 2004	Loved The Palms	After reading the reviews from some of the people here re: The Palms I was a little concerned because I had already made reservations. I'm not sure where those people stayed, but it definately was NOT The Palms! I loved it. Customer service was fantastic. The rooms are pretty basic, but the high thread count sheets and down comforters more then made up for it. Everything was clean. Everyone was friendly. We had a great stay at The Palms!	
Oct 27 2004	Definitely not all that	I definitely have to agree that it's not worth all the hype. I believe the hotel thinks way too highly of themselves and doesn't have the level of service it should in catering to guests that aren't celebrities. The rooms have paper thin walls and you can hear the conversations of others at 3am, which is always pleasant. The lobby area is small, which to me was nice because it wasn't as overwhelming as some of the larger hotels. The salon was great, especially the woman who does the pedicures. I'd say overall I wouldn't return to this hotel.	
Oct 20 2004	I Disagree ....	I stayed here in September 2004 and really liked this hotel, I dont know why everyone is so dismissive. Ok, so the reception area / casino isnt as impressive as say the Aladdin or Bellagio, but if your looking for a casino, its got all you need, ie. machines, tables, etc! The room we had was fantastic, we were only on the eighth floor, but the views were amazing. Being away from the strip meant that you could get the full scenic view from your bedroom. The bathroom was immense, with a &quot;movie star&quot; type mirror (with bulbs around it) covering a large part of the wall. The beds were VERY comfortable and the rooms always felt clean and, even though the sheets werent changed every day, they always made the bed back to how it was the night before. The pool area was lovely to just chill out and relax. The music wasnt overly loud, the pool was never over-crowded and there was always somewhere to sit / lay as the area is so large. The waiter service was a bit expensive, but there was nothing to stop you walking over to the bar to get your drinks to save on the cost. The hotel is positioned just off the strip, but there is a free bus that runs from the hotel about four times a day and drops you at four locations on the strip and also there is the local bus that stops right outside the hotel, runs every 10 mins and only cost $1.25. We had a fantastic time when we stayed at The Palms and I'd recommend for anyone to stay here ... just dont expect it to be a wild party house, its just a nice hotel to stay at.	
Oct 13 2004	Palms Hotel -Britney loves it why?	Wife and I spent two weeks at the Monte Carlo Hotel on the Strip but decided to visit the Palms Hotel where Britney always seems to stay to see if it really matched its 'millionaire' image. Well in our view it does not. It's location well off the Strip means there are few passers-by and the interior decor seems dull and uninteresting. The cafe decor and seating resembles an airport with plain walls, hardwood floors and utility-style furniture. We glimpsed the pool area where Britney is often seen desporting herself but we were unimpressed both by its size and unexciting location. Inside the hotel it is dark and did not seem to have any buzz and compared to other hotels on the Strip it lacked atmosphere. Definitely would not recommend it for either individuals or families though it does seem to provide a few apparently swinging night clubs. Sorry Britney can't see why you would choose this hotel.	
Aug 30 2004	Way to much hype!	I had expected much more of the hotel. There was too much hype. I went to the club Rain on Thursday night. I waited 40 minutes on line. Everyone around me had free passes for admission. When I asked one of the Rain workers how I can obtain one for the future, he shrugged his shoulders. He acted like he was too cool. The music was great. No long lines for drinks. That was a plus. Then a fight broke out and I was crushed between two guys. I was very unhappy and wanted to leave ASAP. I would not recommend going there. There are better places in Vegas!	
Aug 17 2004	Tight slots BIG disappointment	What a disappointment! We specifically went to the Palms because of the supposedly loose slots. Nothing could be further from the truth.............the machines just ate our $ and in no time at all we were down to zero. We got no play from the machines and we tried many of them. I thought the place was a bit shabby and don't understand what all the hype is about. There are far nicer hotels in Vegas. We certainly won't be back!	
Aug 2 2004	Would NOT Return	Our stay at The Palms was mediocre at best. We are in our twenties and thought we would have a great time, but it didn't live up to the hype at all. The sheets on the bed had several holes in them and when I told the front desk, they didn't offer to change them. The rooms are very boring compared to other rooms on the Strip. Also, Nine Steakhouse was very over-rated and the service could have been much betterOverall I would not return, there are alot better places to stay in Vegas.** One positive - the casino was pretty cool	
Aug 1 2004	Check me out please!	Have been to Vegas lots of times and thought I'd try the Palms. They did give me a military rate, but it was still overpriced, in my view. Room was okay, but I did not like the casino at all. It was dead in the place and I was never offered a drink for five hours. Also, we ate at one of the bar/restaurant places and it stunk like puke. Food was overpriced, atmosphere is lousy. As a matter of fact, everything there is overpriced. We checked out after one night. I would NEVER stay there again. I prefer the Golden Nugget for value and quality.	
Jul 29 2004	Food poisoning	ordered room service. A house salad and got FOOD POISONING. Didn't get compensated at all.No worth the $$ or the hike.	
Jul 26 2004	Doesn't live up to the Hype	We ate at Little Buddha...service was horrible but the sushi was good. Don't look for conversation with your tablemates...I'm young but even I couldn't stand the loud music that drowned out any possibility of conversation! And our waiter kept dancing...less dancing, more service please! We were most shocked by the line for Ghost Bar. It wrapped around the entire casino floor. Our waitor said most people waiting in line would wait 7 hours and never get in...which is just sad. The slots are supposed to be good here, but they were just as bad as every other large trendy casino. If you want good slots, walk across the street and catch the tram to the Orleans...I won 60 bucks on a 5 cent slot machine! That's practically impossible. Have fun!!	
Jul 6 2004	TI is way better	I didn't stay at Palms, but I did make the long track there just to see what all the hype was about. It wasn't worth it. It is a plain, very narrow, and boring hotel that is not even on the main Las Vegas strip. It really benefitted a lot from the free advertising it got from MTV's Real World. I actually had a much better time at Treasure Island aka TI. I hung out at their new club called Tangerine and was inches away from Carmen Electra, as well as Mikael Pfiefer (spelling?), Gervis from Survivor, and others. Their whole scheme is a lot better than Palms, and even the atmosphere is hip without trying too hard like Palms. I also enjoyed Caesars new club and their drinks were good too, just a little overpriced (8 bucks from one drink?) .	
Jun 20 2004	Sad Sad example of modern hype	Horrible boring hotel with the most sullen, unhelpful staff ever. What other hotel offers staff that answers a guest's Thank You's with &quot;Uh-Huh's&quot;. The poor teenybopper service is further aggravated by the gross, stomach churning food the hotel calls food. The Casino is empty and not exciting in the least (and this is a weekend in early June mind you, not exactly off season). I seriously recommend staying in another one of the more established hotels like the Venetian or Bellagio. They cost around the same and are infinitely superior hotels. At the Palms, there is nothing to do and you are far away from the Strip. Staying at the Palms for the scene is just a bad idea...unless your idea of a scene is to gross yourself out. Just save yourself the expense..you do not get treated better at any of the nightlife spots at the Palms for being a hotel guest (you get free entry before 8 pm! Who goes out at 8 pm??). Just stay away from the Palms! The Maloof brothers sure have their work cut out for them.	
Jun 10 2004	Loved the Orleans	Have stayed at the Orleans twice and hope to stay again. People were nice, rooms were clean and the food was good. 	
Jun 6 2004	Best Hotel Ever	Well... I recently stayed in this hotel at the end of May 2004... I am only 15, but I have to say that this was a wonderful place to stay... I could honestly live there... it was great.. 	
May 25 2004	Pretty nice	We were at the Plams in Nov 2003. The hotel itself is nice, WONDERFUL beds and pillows. I would stay there just for the linens! The spa is very nice as well. The food is fairly good and there are lots of choices from a food court to mexican to sushi and salads. The Ghost bar didn't seem all that imprssive to me or the group I was with. The Steak House is excellent, although spendy. The casino is pretty small and it's better to go to one of the bars to get your&quot;free&quot; drinks than it is to wait for a cocktail waitress. Cabs to the strip are pretty spendy and it's a long walk. Other than that, it's a fun place. 	
May 4 2004	Perfect first trip to Vegas	My husband and I celebrated our 3rd anniversary in Vegas April 25-28 and stayed at the Palms (the first time in Vegas for both of us). We absolutely loved it! Check in/out was fast and the staff was curtious and helpful. The breakfast buffet was good, especially after a long night of partying. The Ghost Bar was amazing and even though there was a line to get in, we did not have to wait for more than 10 minutes. And the beds truly lived up to their reputation, we literally melted into the soft sheets and down pillows every night. The only thing that could have made this hotel more perfect is if it was on the strip, or at least a little closer.	
Apr 21 2004	Disappointing - not the best in Vegas	I stayed here late July, 2003.First, the good: we were upgraded to a junior suite (without asking) upon check-in. The bed and linens are very luxurious - the nicest in any hotel room I've seen. The bathroom was large but with a standard shower/bath combo. The furniture in the room is very nice and the suite was big, however you can tell it was just 2 standard hotel rooms made into 1 suite with connecting door. The sitting room had a nice CD player. I think we would have gotten more use out of the suite had we gone with friends and entertained in the sitting room. With just my boyfriend and I, there wasn't much reason to hang out in the other room.The bad: this hotel is NOISY. The walls must be paper thin. We could hear people in other rooms all night. The pool lounge did a sound check that was so loud we could hear it clearly through the outer walls/windows. The lobby/casino/bar is full of 20-something club kids. I expected this but they were still annoying. We tried to go to Club Rain between 12:00 and 1:00 am and they were closing! The security at the elevator said we couldn't go up. This was on a weekend! For a place that's supposed to be the coolest place in Vegas and is known for it's nightlife, we were pretty disappointed that things closed down so early. The Ghost bar was long closed at that point. The service at the diner was slow and inattentive.However, we did get free spa passes at check-in and the spa was really posh.Overall, my experience was mixed. It wasn't awful but it is not my first choice for Vegas. The great bed is hard to enjoy with the thin walls letting in so much noise.	
Apr 19 2004	Had a great time!	Stayed at the Palms April 3rd through the 6th 2004. I'll give you the pros and the cons. First the pros. PROS: 1) There are hardly any kids or old folks . 2) The rooms are clean and the beds very comfortable. 3) The pool is small, but the view was always very nice. 4) N9NE Steak House- best meal I've ever had- try the filet. Little Budha was also very good. 5) Best party atmoshere in Vegas. Everybody goes there. 6) Star watching-I saw 18 celebrities partying there during the weekend. CONS: 1) The casino is smaller than most. 2) Lines for the clubs are ridiculously long. Get there early. 3) A little off the strip.	
Apr 12 2004	The Greatest hotel in Vegas	We reserved our bedroom through Expedia. I was worried about potential problems that could occur at the ckeck-in. Everything went so quickly, I had to congratulate the staff about this great check-in!!! We got the exact room as promised from Expedia's website, on the 18th floor with a beautiful view of The Strip. The bedroom was clean, the bed was fluffy (400 threadcount bedsheets), nice marble washroom. We paid 100Us for a Sunday night stay. This is a very hip hotel, where cool and beautiful people hang out. We tried the mexican restaurant and it was delicious. We also went to the Skin pool in the morning, the water temperature was perfect!!! I would definitively recommend this hotel to anyone who wish to have fun in Vegas. The only downside is that the hotel is off the Strip, so be prepared to walk 15 minutes to get to the action!!!	
Apr 11 2004	great smaller property	The Palms hotel is absolutely my favortie Vegas hotel now. I love how small it is and easy to navigate. I get so lost in some of the big casinos and it drives me crazy. The rooms are beautiful and elegant and the staff is wonderful. The only thing I can't figure out is why the pool was closed in early March. The weather was plenty warm enough. Ghost is really cool but very expensive and we couldn't get into 9 to eat but it looked awesome. The breakfast buffet is crappy, but at $5.99 is cheaper than alot of other hotels of this caliber. I only paid 109.00 per night mid week through Trip Reservations and thought it was a great deal. It isn't on the Strip so you have to drive or cab it over, but I feel that there is plenty to do without leaving. Garduno's Mexican is crappy, too, if you are used to good Mexican food.The gift shop is really cool compared to alot of other places. Neat stuff in there. Definitely for the hip crowd--Hard Rock types will love it but there isn't as much action here as there.	
Apr 6 2004	Rain In The Desert is UNREAL!	I did not stay a the Palms, but I did party there. CLUB RAIN is the best night club in Vegas. Let me tell you it was the best party scene I have been around since Cancun when I was in college. I will let you in on some helpful advice show up early or plan on waiting in line for a long time to get in. We had a hook up on VIP and just walked in but there were about 150-200 people waiting in both VIP and general public line to get in so that was nice. Like anywhere else in Vegas Money talks and it also helps you to get in faster or a VIP suite upstairs, so do a couple hot females to flert with the bouncers. The whole scene was hot, hot women every where! The dance floor is unreal water cannal around the dance floor, huge smoke mechines comedown from celling and even fireballs shoot across over the dance room. Don't be surprised to see a few famous people when you are there. The night I went Donte Hall from the Kansas City Cheifs was there also the UFC CHAMP was there, Sirius form the Realworld and even Tyrice from 2 FAST 2 FERIOUS, POLO model was a guest DJ. All and all the best Vegas party ever.	
Apr 3 2004	Sweet Spot in my Heart	I saw Paris HIlton here and she Farted on me! I loved this dump. I didnt have the cash for a room but they didnt seem to mind that I just crashed on the floor out by a table and some puke. It was sweet. I ate a table scrap that fell on the floor and a guy not with the hotel kicked me in the belly. The hotel security took care of him and even gave me some soup. I highly recommend this place if you dont have money for a room in vegas.	
Apr 3 2004	Tight slots	I did not stay here but I was curious about the reputation for &quot;loosest slots&quot; in Vegas. Well, the &quot;loosest slots&quot; is a myth!. After dropping about $300 on the dollar slots and winning absolutely nothing, I wandered around observing other people playing the dollar slots and the results were pretty much the same....NOTHING! Do not play the slots here....EVER!	
Mar 13 2004	Don't waste your money	The Palms is easily the worst hotel I've ever stayed at in all of my travels. The pros of the Palms are the pool, Ghostbar and the housekeeping staff. Every thing else is absolutely awful. Customer service does not exist at this hotel and the service in the restaurants is some of the worst ever experienced. The layout of the hotel lobby is ridiculous and the entire place is far too full of itself overall. Once the MTV hype wears off, good luck to the Palms, the worst hotel in Vegas.Don't stay here.	
Mar 4 2004	The Palms is the place to be!	The Palms is first class all the way! At first it doesnt look like much but the rooms are awesome and the nightlife is out of this world. Even met a movie director there!	
Feb 25 2004	shady business practice	I made a reservation for a 3 night stay at the Palms. I forgot to cancel the reservation and the Palms charged my credit card for the entire 3 night stay. Not just a cancellation fee mind you....but as if I had checked in and stayed (taxes, fees, etc.). Apparently this is legal as long they have it in some document somewhere. All I can say is &quot;Buyer Beware&quot;. Also....if you are not twentysomething this really is not the hotel for you...this place markets and caters to the MTV generation greatly.	
Feb 24 2004	Alize bombs	Dinner at Alize ( gourmet restaurant on the top floor of the Palms hotel) was supposed to be the ultimate ending to my valentines weekend trip to Vegas. The food was delicious. However, that was the only good thing. Tables are a mere inches apart which means you get to listen to everyone elses conversations and are constantly bumped by the waiters as they try to serve dinners. At one point ,after leaving our table ,the waitress wispered something to the bus boy and they both rolled their eyes indicating they were less than thrilled to be serving us. I guess the request for decaf coffee was to much for them to bear. In any event we were made to feel totaly out of place and uncomfortable. When paying $100.00 per person for dinner I don't care how good the food is I also expect service and ambiance. At Alize don't expect either.	
Feb 16 2004	Great for the young 20-30 crowd	This was a great place to stay. We were there in the off season (early Feb), but it was still full of activity. To save some $, we packed 5 in a room, and had them wheel in a cot for $25 a night. The best part about staying here, as opposed to just going here, is you get some VIP access. It's not much, but it counts- you get front of the line or VIP line service at both Ghost Bar and Rain, as long as you are there before they fill up. Note that this can be really early, like 9:00 PM for Ghost Bar and 11:30 PM for Rain on Fri/Sat, but it beats waiting in the lines you will see if you show up later. As for the rest of the place, the rooms are nice, the $6 buffet is good on weekdays, though on weekends the $12 &quot;champagne brunch&quot; is a bit of a rip off. Also, the casino is small, so it doesn't have the impact of some of the bigger places on the strip. All-in-all, this was without a doubt a great decision- staff was friendly, even the bouncers/security. Coming from NYC, where they can be a litte bit rude and holier-than-thou, it was great to be able to ask questions and get helpful answers from the doormen. If your friends say they don't want to stay off the strip, slap 'em on the head, because you're just going to end up going here at night anyway, and it was great to just come out of the club, hit the tables for a while, and then head upstairs to bed, rather than deal with the hordes fighting for cabs outside.	
Feb 12 2004	Good for 21- 30 year olds...	We had requested a non-smoking room and they did not save us one.. we checked in at 11pm. We complained and they gave us a juniour suite... Smoking but slightly nicer. The beds were amazing: awsome pillows, soft bed and did not have the typical stained bedspread... instead a down comforter with a sheet style cover that was obviously changed each time... The steak house is really good and expensive... filet $40... 1 1/2 lb australian lobster tail... $145! Make sure you make reservations otherwise you will eat at the bar like we did... even on a Tuesday! Gohstbar is okay (Tuesday) No line but steady... very small on top... Go to the rain on weekends... Overall, its a great place if you want to party there and not have to travel very far... Casino is small and a lot of idiots play there... I perfer the mandalay Bay over all......	
Feb 3 2004	the management company	This is a review of the management company. I was coercec to a timeshare talk at the palms. It was supposed to be 1.5 hours. 2.5 hours later we left very unhappy. We were toget 3 tickets to a magic show( 62.50 reported value) and 3 more at cost (10 to 15 dollars). They gave us 3 and wanted 48 dollars for the other three claiming that was the cost. We went to theater and found we were in balcony seats and their cost was 25 dollars. So buying extra tickets meant we paid for allthe tickets...they lied outright. And the seats were balcony only and upgradable for 45 dollars. If this is how they manage...beware	
Jan 5 2004	Palms was truley awesome	I cant beleive half of the previous negative reviews I read prior to my stay at the Palms. Myself with six friends (All 26-28 years old) stayed at the Palms from Decmeber 25th to December 30th. Ive been to Vegas five times before this trip and this trip was definately one of the best yet (largely due to the Palms). To start with the check in was fast and the staff was very friendly. Our rooms were decent with great views of the strip. And the rooms are priced quite reasonably. Although I didnt do so good at the tables, the dealers were okay and the waitesses were great. Rarely had to wait for a drink while playing at the tables. The first night there, someone from the front desk or bell captain?? hooked us up with a Palms Limo to take us to our late evening destination. Free of charge (mind you we gave a nice tip to the driver). Little Budha restaurant had fantastic food. The Ghostbar was really cool with an awesome view of the Strip. Not only was one of the girl bartenders at the Ghostbar extremely attractive but she was really nice as well. The bouncers at Ghostbar were also really friendly. Club Rain was intense. Outstanding lighting, effects and sound system. Bartender at Rain even bought one of my buddies a round to thank my buddy for tipping him decent throughout the night (and it was only average tips). Because of the Palms we will be heading back to Vegas this summer to stay and party some more when the Skin Pool lounge is open. Will have to check out nine steak house as well next time. If your young (twenty- thirties) or young at heart, this is the place to stay. With most new hotels in Vegas you get lost with the utter size and amounts of people. The Palms is smaller and makes things more personal. Well done George Maloof in creating an awesome place in Vegas. Will return for sure!!!!!!	
Dec 28 2003	Awesome hotel!	The Palms was awesome! I stayed at this hotel 1 night in December 2003. I booked it in August, and I was looking forward to it. I had seen a little of the &quot;Real World Las Vegas,&quot; which I must say was an OK season, and the hotel seemed so cool that I just wanted to stay there. I had read mostly negative reviews on this website prior to my trip, which made me iffy about going, but my experience fortunately didn't turn out negatively. Thanks to Travelworm, which offered it for only $75 a night, and which I must say gives very good hotel deals a lot of the time, I stayed in a nice standard room with pretty nice views of the Strip. The beds are nice, living up to its reputation. The bathroom was also very nice. It had so many toiletries! Downstairs, they had a very good food selection! They had Little Buddha, Gardunos, Fantasy Market Buffet, and a food court with McDonalds, Panda Express, and Ben and Jerry's. Little Buddha was expensive, but good. Gardunos' Sunday Buffet for $12.99 a person was so good with its big variety of good Mexican food! I thought it was also cool how the Palms also had a movie theater, although I never went inside to see one. The Palms also had a parking lot, not just a parking garage, which makes life easier. At night, they shine various colors at the tower, and at the top, there's alternating colors, which makes it pretty. So, overall, it was a good experience, and if I were to be in Las Vegas in the future, I would definitely consider staying here. Hopefully, I and other people never have to have a bad experience there. I do have 2 complaints though. (1) It's off the Strip. It'd be nice to be on the Strip. (2) I wish that outdoor deck of the Ghostbar on the 55th floor could be open to families during the day. It'd be nice to just be there, and see the views when the bar is not in operation	
Dec 2 2003	The Palms is a disaster	I looked forward to staying at the Palms, but my experience there was a disaster. For one, the mini bar in my room charged me for sixteen items upon opening it, eight of which were removed from my bill with a phone call, but the remaining eight had to be dealt with during check out. The girl who handled the check out treated me as if I were lying about the 16 items that were apparently removed within the same minute. They were eventually removed from the bill, but not before that particular front desk employee basically accused me of being a thief. Room service covered the chocolate mousse my friend ordered in bleu cheese instead of whipped cream.The guest elevators were nearly impossible to get to on saturday night, as they are brilliantly placed between the entrances to two popular attractions at the hotel. The bed was nice, but I would never stay at the Palms again, and I wouldn't, in good conscience, recommend it to anyone else.	
Oct 27 2003	Can't Trust the Palms	My wife and I like to gamble once in awhile for special occassions. We have several favorite casino resorts that we frequent and are compted our room in return for our play. With that in mind we wanted to try somewhere new. We had heard that the Palms had very friendly slots. Based on that I arrainged a trip to the Palms for my wife's birthday.I called the Palms VIP services and talked to their senior host, arraigned to have a credit line set up, validated that we would have a complimentary room based on our past level of play, players cards when we checked in and a special suprize in the room for my wife's birthday.There was a limo at the airport, I will give them that. When we arrived. There was no room reserved. No credit line set up. No players cards. Obviously, the only surprise for my wives birthday was how badly the VIP staff did. Not once during the 3 day weekend did he call or check on us.Biggest surprise! When we checked out they presented me will a bill for 3 nights @ $365/night. I guess even though we dropped +$5k in their house it wasn't enough for them.I talked with the executive manager for the Palms. He said he would call after he talked with his VIP staff. So far, one week no call.You make up your mind. How does the Palms treat their customers?	
Oct 20 2003 	Nice place	Pros: - Nice, clean hotel. - Very friendly staff- Younger crowd - Priced well, upgraded to suite at no extra costCons: - Clubs are a pain to get into (some people are into two hour waits for a hot scene, I'm not one of em) - A little off the strip, no other decent casinos very close by	
Oct 9 2003	Weak! Pool is the smallest 	Be aware that GhostBar is the ONLY evening club open at the Palms on Sunday and Monday. We tried going in on Monday evening, but were turned away due to a private company's convention party. We heard from other hotel guests that GhostBar's view is great and drink prices are outrageous, but it was boring due to no dancing. POOL IS RIDICULOUSLY SMALL! This would be the worst place to be in the summer when it's packed because there is hardly any seating. Pool is an old-fashioned kidney shaped with Flintstone-type cheesy furniture. They've tried to make it look retro, but it looks like furniture picked out of a swap meet. This hotel caters to singles 20-40. We hardly saw any children. Children would be absolutely bored here. My husband and I (in our early 30's) stayed at the Palms Sunday, Sept.28 to Tuesday, Sept. 30, 2003. Arrived at 11:30 am and had to wait for our room until 3:30 pm. Understand that check-in is 3 pm and that the hotel is only one small tower. We were used to staying at the large hotels on the strip, so this was surprising to not immediately get in our room. They do not have a complimentary changing room, so if you want to change into your bathing suit, you get to do it in a bathroom stall. We ate lunch at the Cafe and watched the football games at the Blue Agave Bar. The food at the Cafe was actually better tasting than Gardunos. We were disappointed in the bland food at Gardunos, but the service was great. Didn't try the buffet because of other reviews and figured they were right, since Gardunos sucked. Blue Agave bar had great melon margaritas, chips, salsa and seafood appetizers. Little Buddha rocks! Sexy trance music and awesome sultan-lair decor! Average food. Drinks are best priced at Cafe and Blue Agave. Drinks at the pool are $9-$12 for smaller sizes. Tip--get a drink from Blue Agave in a plastic cup and take it to the pool. Will save extra moola. Casino is soo small. Sports book is a joke. If you want to see football on a big screen, you've got to pay $10 cover for a private party with cheerleaders. There were small tv's everywhere. If you want a great sports book, do Caesars or MGM, period. Weak location off the strip, can walk to Rio for buffett or carnival. A shuttle will take you to various locations on the strip. Room was clean and decorated with plain, bland furniture. Had nice view of strip. We have never slept so much and so peacefully on any vacation. The beds, sheets and pillows are phenomenal! You can get purchasing information via email or simply call the Palms' housekeeping. One thing this hotel has going for it is the restaurant decor...very creative and inspiring. Cool thing; daily paper and itinerary at your door. Check the itinerary, because it'll tell you if/when guests get into clubs complimentary. All employees were really cool, smiling, extra friendly and helpful. Great current music plays constantly everywhere. Quickest elevators; probably because the hotel is so tiny! Wouldn't stay here again and this is what we are telling our friends: &quot;The Palms is worth looking at, but don't stay at this hotel unless there's some big shinding going on with lots of celebs. Otherwise, it's the quietest hotel I've seen in Las Vegas. They have done quite a remarkable job marketing the place, now they need to live up to their advertising.&quot;	
Aug 28 2003	Enjoyed My Stay At The Palms	Arrival:My partner and I moved to the Palms from another hotel on 8/3. We wanted to splurge a little on our last two nights, so we reserved a junior suite. All of the suites are located at the east end of the tower so you get a great view of the Strip. The room was very spacious, with windows on 2 sides. There was a large sitting area with a couch and coffee table. The bathroom was spacious and to my surprise there were soft terry robes hanging on the back of the door, a nice touch. The combo in-room safe and mini-bar were a nice touch. There was a coffee pot and coffee for that morning first cup.Word of caution: We left the blinds open on Sunday night to enjoy the view as we drifted off to sleep, only to be awakened by the window washer! I guess he has seen everything ;&gt;)Parking:Valet parking was a breeze and the check-in desk is right inside the door. Lines were not too long and the front desk clerk called us on our cell phone when the room was ready so we could pick up the keys. The east parking garage is located close to the tower elevators, so we wound up parking there when we went out. This saved time waiting for the car from valet and saved some tip money too!Dining:We ate at the buffet which was quite disappointing. The food was mediocre and the seating was a mile away from the food. There are so many other great buffets in Las Vegas that I would recommend passing on this one.On the other hand, the dinner we had at Gardunos was delicious and the service was top notch. Try the marinated steak, you will not be disapointed. Minor complaint: Way too much air conditioning and ceiling fan breeze in the non-smoking section facing the pool. This caused the food to get cold too fast.Gaming:I enjoy playing poker, blackjack, pai gow and a little slots. My partner is a total slot player. We both signed up for the Club Palms card which was quick and easy. I played for a very short time in the poker room or as I like to call it, the smokey closet with some poker tables in it. If you are a poker player take a trip over to the Mirage or Bellagio and leave your gas mask at home.Slots are slots so I don't have too much to say about them, but I always win more in Vegas on slots then in Atlantic City. Vegas in general gives you much more slot action for your buck.The blackjack games were fun and I won a couple of hundred dollars playing the multi-deck (4 i think) shoe games. They allow resplitting up to 4 hands and doubling. They had 2-deck blackjack, but you were not allowed to hold the cards. Nothing beats downtown (Especially the Horseshoe) for single-deck hand-held blackjack.Played several hours of Pai Gow and broke even. This game is always fun and offers low-risk action, fun people to joke around with (well not always..lol) and free drinks. Give it a try, the dealer will always help you set your hand.Other:The pool was very nice and like most of the hotels, closes by 6:00pm. This hotel also has a modern movie theater and food court easily accessible from the casino floor. This is a nice touch if you want to grab a quick meal and a show. I am not much of a bar fly so I have nothing to report. You can buy those great sheets that others have mentioned at the gift shop.All in all I enjoyed our stay at the Palms. I would pass on the poker room and the buffet. Definitely try Garduno's. I wish I had stayed longer so I could have tried Nine and Little Buddha, but I guess we will save that for next time. If you can, spring for the extra $$$ and get a mini suite, it's well worth it.Enjoy!!	
Aug 17 2003	Off The Chain	The Palms Casino is definitely the place for the 21 to 35 crowd. The room was very spacious and nicely decorated. The bed linens were very comfortable and nice (not that standard floral polyester crap). The Ghostbar was very cool. The pool area was cool...beautiful women, nice beverages. Room service was very quick and the calamari was tasty.	
Aug 16 2003	Don't waste your time and money	I had met up here with a friend of mine and must say that our experience staying at this particular hotel was aweful. I have stayed at many hotels on the strip ranging from 2 to 4 stars and I have never had such a negative experience as I did staying at The Palms. The employee staff are very rude, even when you try to be very nice and courteous to them. The Ghostbar's design is flawed making it difficult to walk around without being stepped on. About the only one good thing about the Ghostbar was the view outside. The rooms are very very average, with beds and features comparable to those found at Excalibur's standard (Excalibur I like better). It is also quite a pain to get to the strip for people, luckily we did not face that problem because we rented a car. Also because it is considered a trendy hotel, the drinks and food are extremely overpriced. You can also probably see the whole hotel in about 3 minutes. Save your money folks, I'm in my twenties and single and thought I'd have a better experience with the hotel aspect of the trip. Try the Hard Rock, or better yet stay on the Strip itself, it'll save you a whole lot of time, money, and headache. Trust me when I say that!	
Aug 9 2003	Check-in problems	Had reservations for two rooms. Easy check in for one room. The other room took hours. Kept being told that the room we had was still occupied. Finally, put in a room down the hall. Very nice rooms once we got in.Good video poker and excellent food.You will need a car to get to the Strip.	
Aug 6 2003	Rudest Employees Ever		
Jul 29 2003	Weird Check-In At Maloof Place		
Jul 22 2003	best place in Vegas		
Jul 14 2003	If you're under 30 and no kids you'll love it		
May 5 2003	Great for the young crowd!		
Mar 21 2003	False pretensis		
Mar 7 2003	GREAT place to stay in Sin City		
Feb 18 2003	First Class		
Nov 28 2002	would not recommend this hotel		
Sep 9 2002	Palms - a vacation from Vegas		
Nov 17 2009 	spettacolare		
Nov 7 2009 	Superbe...		
Jul 24 2009 	espectacular!!		
Jul 9 2009 	????????????????		
Jan 11 2009 	??????		
Jul 4 2008 	Super !!		
Mar 13 2008	Ganz ok		
Nov 29 2007 	L’ hôtel pour faire la fête en VIP !		
Sep 6 2007 	Where the sexy people stay!		
