	Great Casino!	It's got some of the cheapest tables on the strip - with $5 minimum bets on let it ride and roulette and other card games. Very useful for those new to casinos and those who dont want to lose all their money too quickly!	
	Don't overlook this hotel due to location...	I've stayed at this hotel 3 times and really like it. I took my mom for her (58th) birthday last year and she also loved it. The room was nice, clean and the bed was comfortable - we especially loved the pillows ;-). Yes, it's off the strip but there is a bus stop right next to the hotel and for $5 you can get a 24 hr unlimited bus pass (which you can purchase on the bus). If you don't mind walking it's definitely doable.This hotel also has a wonderful 360 view and a revolving restaurant (it's pricy but remember you're also paying for the view and quality of service). We had dinner there which was really good and the waiter was really nice and attentive - even gave my mom a free slice of bday cake.The only negative was the woman walking around taking souvenier pictures - it's was really overpriced and when I said I wasn't interested I didn't finish my sentence she literally grabbed the photos and walked away - not really nice. I almost complained but decided to not let it ruin the night.Just to give you some comparisons of my experience. I've also stayed at the Rio (nice too but it's a mile from the strip and not walkable due to the highway - I tried it and regretted it they do have a shuttle for a fee) and Sahara (simply, won't stay there again) So far, I definitely prefer this hotel. Not as expensive yet the service you get doesn't show it.	
	Northern Strip	If you want to be right in the thick of things, this isn't the place for you. We, however, didn't want to be. A great smaller hotel and everyone who worked there was simply wonderful. The service level was extraordinary, and I'm hard to please as I work in customer service.	
	Good Vegas Hotel	Good quality rooms, normal Vegas Casino facilities, about 20 minutes walk to centre of strip.	
Nov 26 2009 	Great value and still as good as the last time	The first time I stayed at this hotel was in Jan 2005, when I travelled to Las Vegas by myself and I'm please to say returning 4 years later the standards have not slipped. This hotel is out of the hussle and bussle of the main attractions of the strip, however for the price and quality I don't think anything anywhere else can beat it. If you are someone that wants a decent place to stay and not pay over the odds then this is the place for you. The pool area is great, the choice of food places is great and you'll find that the prices are slightly cheaper than that of other hotels. This time I took my friend and to be honest we didn't mind the walk to the main part of the strip, as it allowed us to view other parts of the strip that you may not bother to go to when you have everything to hand with the hotels that are located centrally. There are shops close by and an internet cafe across the road. Taxis are cheap and not too far from this hotel there is a large shopping outlet, which you will need a taxi to get to. Since 2005 they have created a mono-rail, so if you don't want to take taxis and plan to do several stops on the strip this is a great way to travel. With the exchange rate falling, things are becoming slightly expensive, however still cheaper then the UK. A dinner buffet in most hotels will cost you aboout $22 p/p, however the Stratosphere does a meal deal where you can have a buffett breakfast, lunch and dinner for a set price and if you are a quest you do get a discount on the buffett prices. We spent a lot of time at the pool area during the day and the barman certainly kept us amused. The bar offers snack food which is great if you want a quick bite. Overall this is a great place to stay not only if you are on a budget but if you'd rather splash out in the casino then on your hotel room.	
Nov 25 2009 	The view has gone	We did stay here the last night of our trip to this part of the US. The rooms were good, service was fine. The shopping area was a little outdated, quite odd simple shops actually, not what you would expect.The stay included unlimited number of trips up the tower for the view of the Vegas Strip. I realised that the construction in progress a little down the Strip will eventually ruine the nights' view from this tower. Its unique selling point will at some stage be gone, when they continue to built up this high in front of the tower.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great Hotel	I read a lot of reviews about the stratosphere hotel and was initially skeptical. However it is a great place to stay.Our stay was as cheap as chips. Our entire stay (3 weeks) averaged out at about $50 (US) per night which was great.The location to the strip is a little far but walkable. We walked it every day to burn off all the food we were eating. You could also catch the deuce for $3 each, catch a taxi to the strip for $15 or get the monorail. But do not be deterred by it's location.The casino itself looks like all other casinos inside with all the poker machines.The rooms were nice and serviced daily. They do not include a fridge, kettle or microwave which was a little dissapointing.The pool was ok but the food serviced was closed for winter which was a little bit annoying. We managed to get some food from the pool before the service shut and the food was great.Overall it is a nice basic hotel. If you want something fancy, go somewhere else but then you will end up paying $100 per night more for the added benefits. This place is great for a cheap getaway and leaves you with money to spend on the more fun things on holiday rather than wasting all your money on a hotel room.	
Nov 24 2009 	Very comfortable and great value	My wife and I from Scotland spent four days at the Stratosphere Hotel in June 2009 andfrom the Car Valet to Reception the welcome was helpful and friendly. The Room onthe 17th floor was adequate with a large comfortable bed, and clean linens with goodpillows, and fine towels. The facilities were good and swimming pool large and well equipped. The Buffet was as good as you wil get in most Las Vegas Hotelsand was execellent value whatever time of day you chose to dine and special priceswere on offer. The Tower Restaurant was just a wonderful experience and the service was second to none with the Manager paying all guests a table visit and chat.	
Nov 23 2009 	Good hotel Clean rooms grotty area	All in all a very good staythis hotel isnt in the best area to be honestbut in saying that we had no problemsihop and dennys just yards awaymonorail at the sahara about a 10 min walkroxy's diner is a must, they do a great roast beef duece stops just outside for either downtown freemont st (5 min bus ride)or you can catch the 108 bus to the fashion outlet mall as wellrooms were very clean and sheets changed towels etc changed no complaint thereluckys cafe open 24 hours and u get free admission to the tower as wellall in all a very good hotel if u dont mind being that end of the stripi found the best nightlife downtown anyway to be honestfreemont street is a must !!!!	
Nov 23 2009 	Great hotel	I sayed in Stratosphere hotel for 3 nights and the room was great. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. If you stay in this hotel you also get free entrance to a Stratosphere tower, where you can enjoy panoramic view and take a ride....Insanity is the best :)	
Nov 22 2009 	What a great value! Best Price for a really nice hotel!	I stayed with my friend at the Stratosphere hotel. This wasn't my first stay, I went there with my family several times. Every stay was simply GREAT! I really love the value you get in this hotel. Okay, it isn't in the &quot;heart of the Strip&quot; but you can get there very fast. We had a very spacious, clean room and paid only $40 per night! This is an amazing deal! Furthermore, we ate at the &quot;Top of the world restaurant&quot; which was an amazing experience!! We loved, loved the view over the whole city and the food was great! The service was brilliant and the staff very friendly!! If you stay at the Stratosphere don't miss the restaurant and the bar on top of the tower! Try to make reservations, it can get really crowded, especially on the weekends. We really liked the pool, it offers sunbeds and also towels for the guests. Even if not located in the middle of the strip, Stratosphere is a really nice location to spend your Vegas expirience. Why not saving a little money on accomodation and spend the saved money on gambling or nightlife? Stay at the Stratosphere, it's a great place!	
Nov 20 2009 	fun hotel at an affordable price	Stayed in this hotel with my two sons from nov 12th to 19th. The staff were excellent to deal with and the rooms were clean comfortable and most of all a haven of quietness at night.The location is at the end of the strip but the monorail is less than 5 mins walk also the public bus stops in front of hotel and of course the taxi is also an option.I found the location perfect as you tire of the constant hustle and bustle of the main strip. Would i recommend it to a friend most definately YES.	
Nov 20 2009 	Beware of the parking garage scam	I stayed at the Stratosphere Casino and Hotel nov 6 &amp; 7th 2009 and found the place very nice except the parking situation . Parked in the wrong area which had no gates blocking it and my vehicle was booted and 3 large security guards forced me to withdraw $100 cash to have it removed , I felt extorted and reported it ti the Gaming Commission and in the future I will be staying downtown where the appreciate longtime customers . Joseph Padilla  Flagstaff , AZ	
Nov 18 2009 	Fun Times	If you like bright lights and excitement within an elevators ride but a nice quiet room, this is the place to go :)	
Nov 18 2009 	DO NOT GO HERE	It is important to note that I was a VIP guest as the result of accumulating so many points on previous visit. Antiquated hardware throughout The free suite I was given was adequate but the toilet ran after flushing unless you jiggle the handle or remove the toilet cover and go inside the tank. Peeling paint in the toilet area. This was in a suite. Housekeeping Ridiculous how do you sleep in?Housekeeping is a very efficient operation here. Efficient to the point of discomfort. If you hang the do not disturb sign on your door they will call you that morning at about 1000 hrs to ask you when they can clean your room. YES, they will call between 10 o'clock and 11 o'clock to wake you up to ask when they can clean. There seems to be no designated cleaning time as they show up sometimes as late as 2 o'clock in the afternoon. So you can get up and go out and come back in the afternoon and your room is just as you left it in the morning. Room ServiceDefinitely a hit or miss proposition. Sometimes they get it right and sometimes they don't. What is funny is after they get it wrong and they realize it they will call and ask you if everything is okay. They never call under normal circumstances only if they check and realize they forgot something you asked for. This is the ghetto/hood of hotels in Vegas as the result of this some people will be suspect of you. Do not be surprised if you are insulted by someone who works there until you identify yourself as a paying guest. You can assume the cocktail waitresses and the bellmen have been burned numerous times before by the hood element/low roller contingent that permeates this hotel as they treat you like a suspect not a guest until you tip them. Do not bother complaining about anything as I can most certainly tell you that you will be blown off. It gets to the point where you just get tired of asking for the same thing over and over again so you stop asking. I guess this is the strategy they wear you down.Fitness CenterDo not waste your timeThey give a lot of points but when you order from their gift catalog ignore the pictures as you will not get what is depicted in the picture. You will receive a product but not what is depicted in the photo. Not worth the shabby treatment. I would rather spend my money someplace where they make you feel welcome. Keep in mind I have VIP/High Roller status here so I got the best of what they had to offer for free and it was still certainly not worth it. One more thing... complain about anything and you will very diplomatically be blown off	
Nov 18 2009 	on the edge of a dicey part of town but cheap !	we booked the stratosphere because we needed a one night stay before goinjg to Zion and Bryce. We knew that it was at the far end of the strip and hadn't planned to walk around, but we were still a bit taken aback by the area. It looks like lot of construction was planned, started and then stopped. Some locals mentioned that we shouldn't walk around at night because it is on the edge of the &quot;bad part of time&quot;. (I still don't know what that means !) I imagine that since there aren't a lot of people walking around, the area might be a bit deserted and therefore provide opportunities for street crime.In any case, the room rate included complimentary tower admission. It was an outstanding view, but pretty scary. Then, we went to watch the rides on the roof. I don't ride roller coasters and the thought of dangling over the edge on two of the rides was not something that was remotely interesting. It was actually sort of frightening and entertaining at the same time, in a sick kind of way. But, several people seemed to be enjoying themselves, so I guess that's all that matters !From all of my research, I have come to the conclusion that most of the name casinos have cheap rates for really bad rooms. To try to avoid that, we paid an extra $5 to get a deluxe room. The Stratosphere has taken to adding a $7.50 resort fee, probably so that they can low-ball the room rate for comparison purposes and then make it up in the resort fee. At least they stated it in the reservation, so I expected it. In any case, we pai $28 plus the resort fee and tax, so my expectations were at the motel 6 level.And, that's exactly what we got ! The room had been recarpeted, repainted and the furniture updated. Therefore, it was clean and neat enough. There was a small table and two chairs; the table was rickety and I was afraid it would break apart, but it didn't,The bathroom was dated - the tiles were lie Home Depot construction grade, some sort of cultured marble vanity top and old fixtures. The towels were thin and coarse.Overall, we knew about the poor location relative to the Strip, had low expectations and paid a little more to at least be able to sleep in a decent room. I would have to say that if you know what you are getting into, if you get a cheap rate, it's not too bad. Its location enabled us to quickly get on our way to Zion and Bryce.	
Nov 16 2009 	VERY GOOD VALUE CLEAN AND COMFY	My husband and I just returned today from a 7 day stay at the Stratosphere. The room was in Tower One. The absolute best beds we have ever had in a hotel, pillows and linens were superb. He was sick for two days, he knows what a good bed feels like.The room was average but was very clean and we had very good maid service. Plenty of steaming hot water and really nothing to complain about. Was a very good value. Would stay there again. Would have like to have gotten a free upgrade, but they did not offer. Is not that far from other attactions and just a short drive.	
Nov 16 2009 	AWESOME hotel for the price	We stayed for 4 nights while attending a PubCon at the Las Vegas Convention Center. The hotel was easy to navigate, easy to find, and the staff was attentive and pleasant. Our room was neat and remodeled, with great beds and linens, we were extremely happy on the 7th floor of the Premium Elevator Tower (not sure what that was called.)The ONE downside to our stay was the &quot;out of the way&quot; location - they really need to extend the monorail system down to the Strat, it would make it the perfect conference hotel! We moved to the Luxor for the weekend after the conference and the rooms were not very clean, dirty streaks on the wallpaper and the carpet was gross - if you need to pick between the two, pick the Stratosphere!	
Nov 14 2009 	Christmas trip	cheap, clean for what it was. I mean its Vegas. Ate breakfast at excalibur, buffet was small at strat. 	
Nov 14 2009 	Avoid this hotel	I stayed at the THE STRASTOSPHERE CASINO in Las Vegas and someone left a safety pin on the carpet in the room i was staying in. I accidently stepped on that pin &amp; blood came out out of my foot..The casino did not want to pay for my medical bills much less compensate me for my injury. I would not recommend The Strastosphere Casino Hotel if you visit Las Vegas .	
Nov 13 2009 	It was ok but I don't think I'd stay there again	Rooms were ok. Beds were comfortable. Smell of cigarette smoke was overwhelming in the room (was supposed to be non smoking). Service was good. Casino was ok. Buffet was not worth it.	
Nov 12 2009 	Nightmare in Las Vegas	My husband was going to celebrate his 50th B-day with his sister. He planned on staying a week. He spent 2 nights in the hotel. The room was extremely small, even for one person. The air conditioner didn't work and the circuit breaker tripped everytime he put in more than 1 electrical item in an outlet. The deal breaker was when he was informed that there was no hot water on his floor and they didn't know when it would come back on. They didn't offer another room or anything. He said the service in the restaurant was &quot;really, really, bad!&quot; We've stayed often in Las Vegas, but usually at our timeshare. We learned our lesson!!	
Nov 11 2009 	Nice rooms but way too far from the action	I liked the hotel itself, the room was pretty and clean and did look recently remodeled. The only complaint I had was that it is such a distance from the rest of the strip that you had to take a cab to get anywhere which did make the low rate for the room not seem as low. Having never stayed here before I didn't think it looked THAT far from everything but once we tried walking we realized that in the middle of summer those couple of blocks to the Sahara to catch the monorail seem like 10 miles! I liked the hotel quite a bit, the casino was decent i just didn't care for the location. i wouldnt stay here again solely on that fact.	
Nov 10 2009 	The best in its class	OK, so it is not the Venetian or Wynne, but we thought the Stratosphere was great. All the staff were fantastic, rooms good size and kept very clean. Lots of options to eat and with a bus stop right outside you are in the centre of the strip in 10mins and in Freemont street in 5! The pool area is good and the tower is amazing. One thing, this is NOT a quiet hotel. If you want a lobby to relax in, go elsewhere, but if you want great service, decent room with lots to do we would highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 8 2009 	stratosphere	nice pool, great casion, nice restaurants, attractions at the top of main tower, not far from main hotels on strip	
Nov 7 2009 	Basically sound but deteriorating	Our 3rd visit to the Stratosphere just a couple of days this time. In a year there are some signs of a downward trend. The buffet while good value at $24.99 a day has gone down in quality and variety. It was amongst the best previously in my opinion. Our room upgrade never materialised and the one we received was very drab and dark and ill equipped compared to previous visits. The comps and cash backs have significantly reduced. The slots were much tighter. The staff were very helpful friendly and polite. Its position is now compromised having become a sleazy area at night and appreciably away from the main strip attractions. Very good value for money however and its acceptable for a short stay. Free gaming lessons in the morning and cheap tournament places always available. Use the Deuce Bus to travel the strip $7 / 24hr unlimited usage - goes right out to the Premium Mall at the opposite end of town,	
Nov 7 2009 	Beware of the Stratosphere  you get what you pay for!	First of all, all rooms have not been remodeled. Be careful on the tower they put you in.I checked in and upon arrival upgraded to a Spa Room. I requested Non-Smoking.When I arrived I was hit with smoke as I opened the door. The toilet was not working.I called the front desk and they said they would send some one t fix it, I said no, because it could happen a second time. They then said they would move me to another room and text me the message when it was ready. I never received a message, so at 5:30 pm. I went to the front desk.I was assigned another room, however the bath room was not cleaned properly.All around the toilet rim was yellow and the tub had several hairs in it. Long story short, they did re-clean it upon my request 1 hour later.I am Not picky and only want a clean room.Also, this is at the end of the strip away and located in a shady area according to the locals.Even though management was friendly, it doesn't make up for the hotel.I was also warned about walking around this are in the early the evening hoursI would never stay there again or recommend it to anyone!	
Nov 6 2009 	Fab hotel and such a bargain!	My partner and I stayed for five nights at the Stratosphere hotel in August. The hotel was friendly and clean and our room was spacious and well equipped. The staff were friendly and informative but didn't jump on you as soon as you walked through the door with your luggage, which was nice. I liked the fact that it was right at the end of the strip as we got the beauty of the whole strip by day and night when travelling along it. The only thing i wouldn't recommend is attempting walking the length of the strip in one go, as it is approx 6 miles each way!!! The buffet restaurant in the hotel was a bargain and served so many different dishes that even the fussiest of eaters would find something they enjoyed. I would definately stay at the Stratosphere again. A thoroughly enjoyable experience that i look forward to repeating!	
Nov 5 2009 	A Holiday Is What You Make It! Quit moaning over the little things and have fun!	We picked this hotel as it was cheap and cheerful - away from the noise and bustle of the main hotels (about 3-4 miles up the strip), but also about the same distance to downtown! We went on 20th October for 2 weeks for my partner's birthday and it was fantastic! The staff were extremely friendly. Although is wasn't as glitz and glam as the major 'named hotels' - you're paying less than half the price and for a bargain accomodation which is very clean, topped up everyday with fresh towels, bed linen and tolietries. Freezing pool in October - hot jacuzzi though! Great Craps dealers and hostesses - never without a glass in your hand! All casinos in Vegas are smoking - this one is no different to the rest - if people want to moan about it, save your gambling for the airport is all I can say as that place is full of slots too for non smokers!$20 day all day buffet in the hotel, aswell as Denny's across the road which I would highly recommend for a wholesome breakfast ummmm...$7 deuce passes for all day bus travel - highly recommended!$15 dollars for a taxi to end of strip - if you pay more, give less tips!Go to Tix For Tonight for Half Price Show Tickets - never pay full and book the same day!Must try trips:Le Reve, Cirque De Soliel - fantastic show approx $80 eachMarriage Can Be Murder - murder mystery dinner show $35 eachDivas - transvetite impersonators $40 eachCSI Experience $30 each - great for CSI fansTitanic Exhibit - $25 eachGondolas - $16 each - great if you like cheezy rides where they sing to you!Free Must See Shows:MGM Grand - Lion Habitat - anytimeFlamingo - Flamingo wildlife habitat - anytimeBellagio - Fountains - after 3pm every hour on the hourMirage - Volcano Erupts - 7.30pm and every 1hr 30 minsTreasure Island - Sirens TI - nightlyCaesers Palace - War sceneWynn - waterfall show - dailyFantastic holiday not sure how much grand canyon and hoover dam trips were as we hired a car - but definately worth a visit!Whoever goes to this hotel, remember the important thing is to enjoy yourself - your holiday is what you make it! We loved every minute and hope you will too!	
Nov 5 2009 	Very Nice Treated like a King!	Customer service is everything and they understand it. The new management have turned this hotel/casino around. Excellant customer service. I stayed here last year and was not that impressed but I had 2 free nights so I decided to use them. From the telephone booking, to the free upgrade to the top floor when I checked in, to the free all day buffet(without asking for it by pit boss Brian Jacobs), to help making correct bets by pit boss Chuck, to Joel and Johnnie and the others teaching me how to play Crapless craps(a lot of fun), to Security directing me to great Tacos inside the hotel, to the Cabbie teaching me how to get down the strip by taxi without spending a fortune and how to get back without spending a fortune on taxis, to the great maids(the room was spotless). The bedding was very clean and extremly comfortable. Water pressure was a little low but it was in the morning. I gained 10 punds in 4 days. Great buffet. Great all you can eat tacos(real mexican tacos in the sports bar.) After checking in I did not leave the hotel/casino for 27 hours. It is right in the middle between the strip and downtown. Easy to get to both by bus or taxi. I took taxis. $8 to get to Ceasars if you take Industry road instead of the strip. Then get a Taxi at Imperial Palace to get back for next to nothing if they take the back street. A cabbie taught me this. The Casino was brightly lite and clean. The pool was open and great. There was a free full Gym but I did not get to use it. I would add some $3 dollar tables. I went downtown for that. Sometimes you just want to play for fun and not think about the bets. The property and parking structure had security on bikes with bright yellow shirts patrolling all day and night. I felt very safe walking around and leaving my car. I would keep Starbucks open 24 hours. They open at 5 am. Because of the time change I was up at 430 am. I asked Brain Jacobs where I could get a great cup of coffee. Without me asking, he walked over to the bar area and made sure I had a fresh cup of coffee. THAT IS CUSTOMER SERVICE! I will be back.	
Nov 4 2009 	WHY such bad reviews?	I can't understand WHY the Stratosphere is getting such bad reviews..I didn't realize they had the rooms I'm reading about! My husband and I hit Vegas up every 6 months. This past July, we drove to Vegas from the east coast. We stopped over in Phoenix to see family, but our BIG destination was VEGAS! Everytime we come to Vegas, we always try to stay at the Stratosphere...(there's been 2 occasions we stayed elsewhere because PH was just a few bucks more per night...we do our gambling at Strat though!) We always stay in the premier tower and NEVER have any problems...we had adjoining rooms for 3 days with our teenagers and the window in their room was big enough to stand up in, not to mention the amazing view at night! I don't have a single complaint about this place. Housekeeping came by every day. Yeah, it's further down the strip..take the money you saved on the room and get rental car, take the duece or a cab...we chose to walk some days! Who wants to stay in a room when there's soooo much to see in Vegas?!? As far as safety is concerned, our vehicle stayed parked at the property the entire time. We went out to get things all hours of the night, and never felt threathened. There was almost always security patrolling the grounds..even on bicycles. No theft or damage to our vehicle or belongings. No need to feel unsafe :o)My teenagers loved the big shot and the observation deck. It was the very first thing they wanted to do when we checked in..they went up a second time at night before we left..what an amazing view!! The pool was nice..big towels were provided. We ate at Roxy's, Lucky's and a few breakfasts at McDonalds. We planned to eat at the Courtyard Buffett for one day, but the $20 all day deal is for players club members only. We called down before we went and they told us our kids could eat for the $20 per day as well..but that was untrue. They broke the too-good-to-be-true news to us when we went down there. My teenagers are so little, they wouldn't eat $20 worth of food in 2 days..so that wasn't too big a deal! Some of the shops were closed the past few times I was at the Strat. The casino has been one of the better ones to us. My hubby enjoys blackjack, while I'm a slot monkey. We always have a good time and there is never a shortage of cocktails if you TIP your waitress! All in all, the Stratosphere is middle of the road. It's not Planet Hollywood (Prostitute Hub) but it is safe, clean, comfortable and very affordable! We enjoyed our stay and have booked our next trip for March, which we will be staying again at the Stratosphere. It's gonna take more than a few bad reviews to keep me from staying here again!!	
Nov 3 2009 	Take yourself to another Sphere and not the Stratosphere	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights from 24th Oct 09. From the outside this hotel looks very impressive with the imposing tower. However, the inside is disappointing , the lobby is situated in a very noisy gambling area. There is no breakfast buffet restaurant but several fast food eateries in the casino &amp; retail areas.The flagship restaurant Windows on the World, although expensive is excellent and is highly recommended.The rooms are small , basic and disappointing. The retail area is shabby and several of the shops closed. Very disappointing especially when you have visited other hotels on the strip. This hotel is also not conveniently situated, being at the far end of the strip. Budget hotel probably best visited 10 years ago. Needs refurbishing and better air conditioning in the casino to remove the smel of cigarettes.	
Nov 3 2009 	nice	It was good for the price that I paid. Clean and close to airport and shopping Malls.I would recomand it to friends.	
Nov 2 2009 	Honeymoon in Vegas - Awesome stay but will go closer to the action next time	We stayed at the Strat for our honeymoon in Oct 09 and really enjoyed out stay. Didnt win a darn thing, but thats how it goes! We highly recommend Fellinini's Restaurant over Top of the World, prices are waaaaay better and the filet mignon was butter tender! AWESOME...the rides at the top of the Strat were great, Roxys Diner was awesome...Luckys was okay, service was slow. The room was very nice, large, we were on the 8th floor with a view of the casino roof, I think, and the strip. Recommend a higher floor. Pools were closed almost half our stay due to inclement weather (77 degrees???) lol...but were from MI so thats warm to us! The pools were nice though. Overall great stay...BUT next time were in Vegas we are staying somewhere mid-strip because it was ALOT of walking and a $25 taxi ride to the south end casinos. The duece is good though only $3 per person one way or $7 all day per person.	
Nov 1 2009 	las vegas vacation	first time in vegas,with the wife and my 14yr old daughter great holiday hotel very good ,very clean and tidy pool area great even the pool bar staff very good looked after you.even downstairs in the casino ,kids not allowed near tables and slots but my daughter never got asked to move.eating wise only 1 meal in hotel at luckys great meal,but for breakfast we went to dennys at the back of hotel or the ihop ,5 mins walk from the hotel both pretty cheap and coupons in the magazines you get everywhere for money off for meals.didnt try the buffet,not big eaters.traveling vegas go by deuce bus 3$ oneway or7$ 24hr pass ,taxis cheap but mount up stop start.did all the strip but found it seady in places with mexicans giving cards for girls to your hotels they hound you.even to women.did fremont street fantastic with the light show and the free shows,go to the california for something to eat,starter primerib dinner and a pudding for 7$ a person we went twice great value carnt go wrong.on the strip ti show was good then the fountains of belgegio and the volcano at mirage all free shows would recommend but their is always something going on on the strip great even for people watching,will go back to vegas in the near future but instead of getting a package holiday will just get flights and get accomidation when we get their because you can get great deals..on hotel rooms even for the 5 star hotel wynn and encore...mr j p hooley batley west yorkshire england....	
Oct 30 2009 	You get less than what you pay for!	Old, worn, dark, depressing, odorous are the overall adjectives that come to mind when I think of that hotel. The worst part for us was the small, inconvenient window in the room. When checking in we were asked if we would like to pay $20 extra a night for &quot;60 square feet&quot; more room and free entrance to the tower. We were told it would also put us on the 21st floor versus the 8th floor. We paid the extra. Upon arrival to our room we immediately called the front desk and asked to have our room changed. We were unhappy with the small window and extremely claustrophobic feel of the room and the bathroom. (the bathroom was so small that the sink was in the living area) We were told by the front desk that all of the windows in the hotel are that size so moving would not make a difference. The next day we found we were blatantly lied to as we passed open rooms on the 8th floor that had large windows and much larger bathrooms. Luckily we were only staying 2 nights. There is no coffee pot in the room. The extremely tiny bathroom floor was sloped downward from age so that you feel dizzy when you are sitting on the toilet. As frequent travelers looking to find a deal, we have never ever stayed in a hotel of such poor quality. We planned on spending an entire day at the spa but seeing the quality of the hotel we decided against it.	
Oct 30 2009 	Get what you pay for-decent hotel	Hotel is decent. Good value for money. Nice buffet, great pool. The tower bar and restaraunt is lovely. Rooms are basic but clean. It is a 15 minute walk to the fashion show mall 10 mins to the start of the strip. Worth it for the savings. We walked back at 3am a couple of nights and area was busy and safe. Close to Freemont street and the Premier outlets.	
Oct 29 2009 	you get what you pay for	for the price, it was a fairly decent hotel. the bed was clean and comfortable. the room was kept tidy though i'm having doubts with the carpet. we stayed in a premier room, a few bucks more than the most basic room. i don't think there's any difference with the basic room, the view perhaps? we had a view of the strip, or rather what's left of it coz we could see more of the obeservation tower. check-in was a breeze and staff was efficient and courteous. dining options were above-average and if those were not enough, they have a mall area at the tower with fastfood options. this hotel had a tour lobby which was great, as you don't have to wait outside of the hotel (like some) while waiting for your tour bus. you could also use the fitness center for free which i appreciate. all in all it was not bad.	
Oct 29 2009 	loved the stratosphere	Went to Vegas in early October and stayed 3 nights at the Stratosphere. I've been to Vegas alot and have stayed at various places such as Belagio, Imperial Palace, Flamingo, etc. Stayed at Stratospheret o save some money and wasn't dissapointed at all. Rooms very nice. Beds VERY comfortable. Stratosphere itself very nice, clean place to stay. We went up to the top of the needle which has a fantastic view of the city, went on one of the rides that dangle over the tower which was fun as well. As far as the location, it was fine. Definitely some walking to the main part of the strip, but enjoyed the walk. Close to the Sahara which has $1 blackjack which was fun. Our last day we bought an all day bus pass for $7 so was able to go to the far end of the strip (Mandalay Bay), then later at night took the bus downtown which is very quick from the Stratosphere. We didn't eat at the Stratosphere so can't comment on the restaurants there. Overall, no complaints about the hote/casino at all. Would definitely stay here again. The price was great.	
Oct 29 2009 	We checked out 2 hours after checking in!	As first time visitors to Las Vegas, to say myself and my girlfriend were excited about our trip would be an understatement. The fact that every ounce of that excitement was gone as soon as we stepped into The Stratosphere sums up how bad this hotel is. First of all, the location is atrocious. It's based in an extremely seedy area and there is a constant sense of danger. We counted 3 crime locations (based on the police tape) within 100 yards of the hotel entrance! It is also a 3 mile walk to the heart of the strip (The Bellagio, Caesars Palace etc.).Secondly, the smell is vile. As soon as we entred the casino/hotel lobby we both looked at each other as if to say &quot;do you get that smell too?&quot;. When the elevator doors opened on our room floor, we both gagged at the smell that hit us. It's quite difficult to describe, but the best I can do is to say it smelt old and dingey.Thirdly, the room was useless. I drew back the curtains as soon as we entered the room, only to be faced by a 15 foot wall. There was absoutely no natural light whatsoever in the room. The smell also lurked in the room!We literally checked out 2 hours after checking in without even asking for a refund; we just wanted the hell out of there! We booked into the Paris hotel which was perfect!	
Oct 29 2009	Can't wait to go back!	Loved it - not too tizzy, or &quot;themed&quot; beyond the boundaries of taste to witihn an inch of its life. Yes, it's right up one end of the Strip, but we liked this. Being away a little from all the hustle suited us just fine. If you are inclined you can walk the length of the Strip from the Stratosphere, or you can use the Deuce - a cheap bus that meanders slowly along. Our room was great - 22nd floor, great view, clean, very comfortable beds. All the staff were very frinedly, helpful and courteous. We ate in several different areas of the hotel as well as having room service on our first night and enjoyed them all. The buffet was great value with plenty of choice of food. The bar prices were very cheap compared to toher hotels on the Strip.	
Oct 28 2009 	A nice first time trip to Las Vegas for my friends	I took a group of co-workers to Las Vegas for their first time and we stayed at the Stratosphere. On booking, we were looking for price deals and I knew this property was offering the nicest rooms at a $30.00 a night rate. Circus Circus and Hooters had similar deals, but the rooms were in their motor courts.We were pleasantly surprized! The rooms were basic but clean and well cared for. The hotel had many ammenities and we felt a sense of safety as a group of women traveling without male companionship. Staff were friendly and helpful. My friends are not seasoned gamblers, but the casino workers took the time to explain the games to them in a kind, friendly and courteous manner. The slots payed off well and they have a large selection of the latest multi-wager penny machines. We had several meals in Lucky's and Roxies and enjoyed the quality and quantities of the portions we were served.The resort's only downfall is its' location. You must take a bus or taxi to any other attraction you want to visit. A $12.00 cab fare for four will get you to go to either the strip hotels or Fremont Street. It was a small price to pay for the value received.I will be taking another group of nurses to Las Vegas in February, and plan to stay at the Stratosphere again. I normally book the Mandalay Bay, but this property is the best bang for our bucks!	
Oct 28 2009 	The greatest ride !!!	nice roomsdecent rates...Roller coaster on the top off Hotel/Casno Tower!!!!	
Oct 27 2009 	Stratosphererooms good price for the value	The service was great through out the hotel. I liked the free valet service which was convienent. The rooms were nice,clean, and surprisingly quiet. The beds were so comfortable I was pleasantly surprised and I booked through Orbitz and was surprised they gave me a nonsmoking room like I requested. The amenties such as iron, hair dryer, and room service came in handy. The pool was very relaxing but the drinks were kind of expensive. I wish that we would have gone to the happy hour in the Stratosphere all you can drink for $20. We paid that for two drinks at the pool bar. If you want to save money on food purchase an Ultimate Rewards card and eat breakfast/lunch/dinner for only $20. The location was near the end of the strip, we took a taxi ride which was convienently located in front of the Stratosphere and in five minutes we arrived at the Mirage/Treasure Island. It costs about $10 each way. Or you can walk about a mile if you want to save money. We choose to take the taxi to get us to the Mirage quickly, I had booked the Cirque De Solei Beatles Love show. The show is AMAZING, I will be going back again to see this. My husband and I aren't gamblers so I surprised him with a kayaking trip in Boulder City,Nevada. I booked this with the Boulder City Outfitters. We drove 45 minutes from the Stratosphere to The Hacienda Hotel where we were to meet our kayak tour guide. Boulder City Outfitters can also pick you up from your hotel in Las Vegas. We chose to meet there that way we could drive directly home. The kayak tour starts out at the base of Hoover Dam and is a 11 mile kayaking tour down Black Canyon. Our guide Scott was great ,had the best personality,and was very informative on kyaking and nature. He took us to different hot springs where you can sit and relax. This is an all day kayaking trip and I would not recommend driving a long distance afterward.	
Oct 27 2009 	Wonderful Service!	We only spent one night here, but the service and friendliness of the staff could not have been better. They offer nice perks for hotel guests with various discounts and trips to the tower. If you have any reason to visit the concierge, do so! They were fantastic. The only downside is that it is far from the other hotels on the strip. We stayed in three different hotels (Paris included) and this is our first choice when we come back to Vegas.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent Value for Money	I have just come back from 1 week in Vegas. It was my 2nd time to Vegas but first time at the Stratosphere Hotel - excellent value for money. The hotel is slightly away from the others on the strip but we took the Deuce Bus everyday to all the other hotels. $7 for 24 hr ticket. The bus stop is right outside the hotel and stops at every other strip hotel. We also took the Deuce to the Las Vegas Outlet Centre where you can pick up some nice bargains. It drops you off right outside. We also took it the Fremount St again it drops you right outside.When we checked in we asked for a room upgrade and received one to a bigger room for no extra fee. Hotel has lots going on and would recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 25 2009 	Awesome!	Absolutely amazing hotel! Cheap, clean and wonderful staff. The outdoor roof pool was great and the rides on top of the Stratosphere were good fun. The cocktails were delicious (&amp; free!) and pancakes at 4am? What more could a girl want?!	
Oct 23 2009 	super	stay in the stratosphere last week have to say rooms were cleaned every day and great value for money,staff were very friendly and helpfull would reccomend to anyone	
Oct 22 2009 	Stratosphere Hotel and Tower	Really fun and place to stay in. The tower is free when u stay in hotel. The shows r buy1 get 1. Nice casinos. BIG rooms and really comfortable bed. Nice bathroom with over sized tub. We did not have a view form our room, it was a concrete wall. TV, no refrigerator. There was alot of room for one. The hotel and casinps are really big so the signage is what helped through the place. Great restaurants. Gifts shops were really cheap. Check in and check out was ok. Really busy. Hotel is at northern end of strip so either there is a couple miles walk or a convienent bus u can take for a small fee. The tower and rides were amazing. The shows were unforgettable. If i were to stay in Vegas again I would stay here. Price was to our budget also. Nice east way to airport too. Valet parking and self parking was kinda confusing. But the staff is very helpful.	
Oct 22 2009 	Affordable Las Vegas	We were at the hotel for a week in October. Great sized rooms, well maintained and cleaned to a good standard. We opted for a Delux Towe rView Room. It's worh a bit extra as you get a view of sorts. Excellent all day buffet at the hotel. For a special treat - Lunch at the revolving resturaunt on the 108th floor is a must. The staff were all very helpful and friendly. Good range of eating and shopping outlets at the hotel. there were ony two negatives that we had relating to the hotel.1. Very noisey (MUSAC) acroos whole pool area on the 8th floor. - Turn it down- or zone it please!!! Overpriced drinks at pool as well. The pool itself was lovely- but what a pity about the excessive noise.2. Wi- Fi acces very overpriced at $11.95 a day. ( Walk up the street 100yard ad get it free at a local mote or Dinerl!!!!)	
Oct 20 2009 	No Complaints Here!	This was my second time visiting this hotel. For the price (29.00) a night, you can't beat it. I stayed there with my children ages 8 and 14 and they loved it. The hotel is off the strip, and you do have to either walk or catch a bus to get to the main part of the strip. The rooms were very clean, I was impressed that I saw all the decorative pillows and comforters being changed out daily. The front desk was more than helpful. When I checked in they gave me a ton of ideas of things to do in Vegas with kids. My check in went very fast. My kids enjoyed the rides at the top of the hotel, and the 24 hour McDonalds in the hotel was a godsend! The pool is nice, and it qas quiet. It's by no means the biggest most expansive bad boy pool in Vegas, but if you are there to lay out in the sun and get wet every once in awhile, it's perfect. Overall I have no complaints about this hotel. I would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Oct 19 2009 	Unimpressed	We kind of walked into this one - my husband and I booked The Stratosphere for two reasons - a) it was cheap for a &quot;place to sleep &quot;at the end of our honeymoon, and b) it was close to the little white chapel where we were originally going to renew vows. We ended up not doing b) since it was kind of a rip off, and a) proved to backfire as well.I remember staying here when it first opened and I thought it was awesome. I was also 15, so my memory was obviously a little cloudy. This was probably the smokiest casino to walk through which was a turnoff when we first walked in. I paid a little extra for a high floor room with a view - I was a little ticked when my &quot;view&quot; was of the backside of the hotel facing the 'burbs and mountains... not the strip. But whatever, this was just a place to sleep while we explored Vegas so we didn't let it get us down.Take note that this hotel is pretty far away from everything you're probably in Las Vegas to see, unless you want to go to IHOP, get a tatoo, or hit up a quickie wedding chapel. We didn't eat at the hotel (except for a Wetzels Pretzel) but we heard a few bad things about the buffet which made us less enthusiastic about trying the in-house cuisine. It's pretty expensive to eat at the top of the tower, and there wasn't a very good selection on the menu to make it worth our while.I guess everyone has their pet peeves when staying at a hotel. Mine are cleanliness and thin walls. The room was relatively clean, but there were definitly hairs and mystery clumps of stuff in various places in the room. The walls were INCREDIBLY thin. Our next door neighbors woke us up by having the loudest whinist conversation at 3AM - we learned their life story until someone called security to shut them up for about ten minutes before it all began again. Luckily the very comfy bed came with very thick pillows which we put over our heads so we could get a little sleep before heading back out for more fun the next day.There are definitly better choices with comparable prices farther up the Strip, and you can find great deals right in the heart of the Strip if you do some research.	
Oct 19 2009 	Superb hotel	We stayed at the Stratosphere for the first time this year following a friends recommendation. We have visited LV many times before staying at a range of hotels from Wynns on the strip to Vegas Club on Freemont Street but our stay at the Strat was the best stay ever, yes even better than Wynns. The atmosphere is fun (unlike Wynns) the suite we booked was fantastic . We enjoyed it so much we never left the casino and when we moved to another hotel later, we went back to this one as we enjoyed it so much. Don't worry about the negative reviews, this place is great value for money and good fun.	
Oct 18 2009 	Not worth staying here	Rooms not well maintained, desk not helpful, rooms not really cleaned daily. Stayed with kids and grandkids at this hotel and everyone wanted to leave. Went for a grandsons baseball tournament so 12 family's--none happy. Location is bad, not really safe to wander around after dark --lots of drunks etc. Absolutely no reason to stay at this hotel. Lots of much better options.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good Stay - just some small issues	Booked the Stratosphere 6 months prior to arrival, tried to contact the hotel on several occasions beforehand but no-one wanted to deal with my quieries, asked for the front office manager email address but they wouldnt give it??????8 of us arrived at the hotel, the receptionist where very friendly and check in was very quick, and we all where put on the same floor. the staff at the buffett were excellent, maybe could have had more variety for breakfast food. we had dinner in top of the world restaurant, service was very good, main course let it down slighly, views from the top were excellentthere were 8 of us all guys so plenty of drinking done, $60 a round, but the bar staff where NOT FRIENDLY, one of the guys kept giving us dirty looks and refused to serve us, maybe we should have tipped him more. aksed to speak to the manager but he refused to get him and told me to go to the reception if i wanted one. the bar was filled with prostitutes who would come over and ask if we would like fun, we didnt mind as we had a laugh and a joke with them. but what i found strange was that the bar staff seemed to be telling the girls who to go and talk to, maybe they knew the guys with the most money. IF MANAGMENT ARE READING PLEASE ADDRESS. service got that bad that we refused to drink in that bar of the hotel, we did find a local bar at the back of the strat, called dinos, very cheap and a fun bar with loads of friendly peopleluckys is good for food, the burger place is ok. i would head back to the strat, maybe if the bar staff got better. went to the superstars show, dont go it was terrible	
Oct 18 2009 	Fun get away	We were out visiting family in the Las Vegas area and we always stay at the Stratosphere. We tend not to wander the Strip, been there done that, and wanted a hotel that we could relax in and really enjoy Las Vegas and it's beautiful desert. I love that there is ample parking and the hotel staff is always helpful. We had a problem with the TV remote not working, we thought it was maybe the batteries not working, but they came up w/a spare remote and a tech to see if there was something more with the TV. Once they realized it was actually the TV the tech quickly fixed it and was extremely courteous. We've never had a problem at the Stratosphere and will always stay here whenever we visit Las Vegas. The views at the top of the observation deck on the tower are fabulous! The city itself has many wonderful museums and parks, explore them you'll see that Las Vegas is an amazing destination.	
Oct 16 2009 	fun times	i loved everything about las vegas including the hotel it was a bit further up the strip so a bit quieter but not away from all the action. clean, tidy, comfortable &amp; staff all very friendly &amp; helpful whenever needed. would definately go back if wanted to keep the spending down for shopping.	
Oct 16 2009	Wedding at Chapel in the Clouds-Top of the Stratosphere was PERFECT!!!	We got engaged in Las Vegas in May 2007 and decided to go to the Top of the Stratosphere to see the view of Las Vegas...it was AMAZING...it is just breathtaking up there (especially at night!) I said to my fiance, &quot;I wonder if you could get married up here!&quot; There it started....the planning process! We decided we wanted to get married at the Top of the Stratosphere in Las Vegas! So we did...23 family and friends ended up joining us on May 26th, 2009 and I wouldn't have changed it for anything it was just as I had pictured it =D The view was incredible-we LOVED IT! and our guests definately had not only a wedding they would never forget, but also a trip they would remember for the rest of their lives =) I will now break down my review of the Stratosphere...it is kind of complicated..overall I give it 5 stars-I almost don't want to give it an average rating at all, because at times they went above and beyond for me. For example we had 23 guests and their small chapel only seats 20 people-they upgraded us to the larger chapel for FREE...which I thank them from the bottom of my heart for..I just can't imagine 3 of our guests having to stand after flying from Michigan to Las Vegas to attend our wedding-so that was sooooooo nice of the Stratosphere to do for us!!! When we first started the planning process it was all through email, when you live in another state and you are getting married in Las Vegas....you have to do EVERYTHING through email...you kind of hope for a speedy response..sometime I would get a response the next day, sometimes it would take a week or more! Sometimes if I really needed an answer I would go over my wedding coordinator, who wasn't getting back to me, and send an email to person in charge of Chapel in the Clouds, because she ALWAYS got back to me either the same day or the next day =D Sooooo emails were kind of a pain, but once I figured out that contacting the person in charge (Adel) worked quicker...I contacted her with most of my questions =) Our Minister, Richard was the NICEST guy EVER!!!! We couldn't have picked a better Minister if we tried-the minute we met him, I just loved him! He was great and calmed any nervous feelings we had. He performed a beautiful ceremony and even posed with my grandma and her Elvis shades (I'm a big Elvis fan so all my relatives put on Elvis sunglasses/sideburns at the end of the ceremony to surprise me haha) Richard was a complete sweetheart and I can't thank him enough for making our ceremony so perfect! I wish I would have remembered to give him a big hug at the end of the ceremony. Our Stratosphere Photographer-she had a chip on her shoulder from go, not sure if she just didn't want to be there for the whole whopping 30 minutes she was paid to be there or what, but she was rude and not very pleasant to work with. (I'm not saying it was necessary, but I mean how hard is it to be nice for 30 minutes on people's wedding day!) She wouldn't let any of our relatives take any pictures with flashes on, therefore nobody who took pictures besides her pictures really turned out in the chapel. We were then rushed out of the Chapel and up to the Stratosphere Observation Deck, which is fine cause we were going up there anyways and she took some more pictures, however she managed to get the &quot;No Smoking&quot; sign in most of our pictures. However, I will say any attitude she had didn't bring us down one bit...Richard (the minister) the gorgeous chapel, and THE VIEW of Las Vegas...completely made up for her =D The next day we went to view our pictures and pick the ones for our package (we were to get (1) 8x10 and (3) 4x6's with our package) each additional picture was priced ridiculously high for example (1) 4x6 was $10 each! YIKES...we bought 9 more...so it was $96 and some cents with tax! Anyways our 8x10 was a beautiful picture of us on the observation deck overlooking the strip...with the &quot;No Smoking&quot; sign next to us and I asked if they could please crop out the &quot;No Smoking&quot; sign because I can't see that hanging on our wall with the sign you know...LOL and the woman told me that she wasn't sure...WHAT?! I could crop that out easy with Photo shop myself! Give me a break..anyways she told me she thought they could after a few minutes of looking at it, but that it would have to be shipped to us and that would be an additional $15 for shipping and handeling! I asked when she thought that would get to us and she said probably within 4 to 6 WEEKS! I was stunned...since the picture was supposed to come with our package that we were being charged an EXTRA $15 and it would take 4-6 weeks to get it! Geesh....anything to make a buck I guess...I'm REALLY glad we did the Las Vegas Strip Photo Tour with Toner Photography though for our wedding pictures...we would have only had a couple professional pictures if we went with Stratosphere pictures alone. YIKES! Overall I wouldn't have chose to get married ANYWHERE else in the world-the setting was perfect!!!!	
Oct 15 2009 	good hotel	it was my first time staying at the stratosphere hotel. it's way at the end of the las vegas strip, but it's not too shabby. it's a pretty hotel and the rooms are great. 	
Oct 15 2009 	Lots of walking	Rebooked at the Stratosphere, from The Trump because the Trump didn't have a casino in it. I would never had known that had I not been reading a comment on Trip Advisor. If you stay at the Stratosphere you can go up to the observation desk for free. On the 2nd floor is a Mcdonalds. If you want coffee while getting ready in the morning, you will need to bring your own. The hotels don't provide a coffee maker and if you want a small refigerator, it will cost you $10.00 a day. Had we known how far the hotel was from everything, we would have bought a 3-day Monorail pass. Would have been cheaper. You can take the Deuce (bus) up and down the strip, plus downtown, but it stops frequently. There is an Ihop between the Stratosphere and the Sahara if you want a cheaper breakfast. The Grand Lux Cafe in the Palazzo is a sister cafe to the Cheesecake Factory. There are a couple of good restaurants for lunch, in the Flamingo Hotel that are reasonable. Don't miss the Titanic Exhibit in the Luxor. It will be there for 9 more years. You will see artifacts that were brought up from the ocean floor. Saw the Beatles Love show at the Mirage, The Jersey Boys at the Palazzo and Lance Burton at the Montel Carlo. The Jersey Boys is the number one rated show and it was the best show I think I have ever seen. If you see anymore shows, save this one for the last because no other show will come close to being so good. Next time we will stay at either the Flamingo or Paris since they are more centrally located. On yes, don't miss the fountain water shows at the Belliago. We never saw the same show twice.	
Oct 15 2009 	way more than i expected	i booked my room at the stratosphere 7 months in advance and paid for it in full. When i arrived i was told they had just given away the last room in the type i reserved but not to worry. they gave my husband and i a free upgrade which was great. we were there for our anniversary and on a tight budget. we had lunch at the Top Of The World and were treated to free champange since it was our anniverary. the stratasphere is a great hotel with outstanding emplyees. i don't have a single complaint and will be returning next year. we also won a little money off the slots there to they are not as tight as most of the others.	
Oct 12 2009 	Wet Carpets and Waiting	For our family trip to Las Vegas, we had looked online at various hotels to spend our vacation at. We ultimately decided on checking in at your hotel for the Friday night of the 9th, before we departed during the morning of the 10th. The previous two nights, the 7th and 8th of October were to be spent at the New York, New York. Ultimately, our reasoning for this was to experience different hotels/casinos, explore both ends of the strip, and have a cheaper hotel for the Friday which as well, in the price allowed us to head up the Stratosphere tower which was an attraction we had wanted to see.Our trip up until the 9th was really quite perfect, however, when we arrived at the Stratosphere things started to go south. The area this hotel is in is very sketchy and feels like you are on a side street instead of being on the strip. Checking in went smoothly, and the online reservation was easily looked up and we were booked into a room very close to the pool as requested. However, when we got to our room, we had noticed that the floor was soaking wet and the entire room smelled very strongly of cleaning product. We called the front desk from the room phone, and we were told to wait outside of the room as new cards would be brought up for us immediately. Ten minutes had passed of us waiting outside of the hotel room with all of our luggage and bags so we proceeded to call the front desk again, asking if we could come down and pick up the keys, as waiting in the hallway was not how we wanted to spend our last real day of our vacation. We were then informed that they had just called in for the new keys moments before, and they would be up shortly, and that we should not come down to the front desk. More time passed, as did another phone call down to the front desk, resulting in us again being told they were on their way. We finally got our keys delivered to us outside our room thirty minutes after we had called the front desk. Thirty minutes of having to stand outside of the room, with all of our bags and luggage waiting for a room key.We then proceeded down to our new room, which was conveniently only two doors down. Unfortunately, the floor in this room was again soaking wet, and the room smelled very strongly of cleaning products. At this, we headed downstairs to the front desk, to speak with the manager. We arrived at the desk/check-in area where the manager was, and had been acknowledged by her. She informed us that she was logging on to her terminal, and would help us shortly. We stood there, at the front desk for around 5-10 minutes before we were addressed again by the manager. She was sitting directly in front of us, doing nothing this entire time. At this point, we were fed up, and asked to be refunded for our room and that we would be staying at a different hotel, at this time the manager snapped back at us, asking us why we wanted to receive a refund. At no point prior to this were we asked why we had come to see her. We then stated what had happened with our first room, how long we spent having to wait for a key, and how our second room had the exact same problem. After a bit of discussion, we were checked out of the room, and a refund was issued. We finally got out of the hotel around 4:00pm. We then had to take a monorail back to the southern end of the strip, ($15 for the three of us) and check back in to our first hotel, which cost us $140 more for the night than we were expecting to pay if we had stayed at the Stratosphere. As well, we lost out on our opportunity to go up in the tower for free, which would be included with our room due to checking out from this room and service problem, and decided against paying $15 each to the hotel where we were treated so poorly. After checking back in to the New York New York at around 5:30pm, we headed up to our room to rest after our long journey of checking into the Stratosphere. Needless to say, our last day of our trip was ruined, and we boarded our plane the next morning at 9:45am to head home.	
Oct 12 2009 	I heart Las Vegas	Like many other people that have wrote reviews on here about the Stratosphere I was also very worried about what we were going to face when we eventually reached the hotel. But like everyone else we were pleasently surprised. We arrived 2 hours late (thanks Virgin) mid afternoon no queue at rception so checked in straight away needless to say it then took us 10mins just to find the right elevators (un beknown to me we'd booked a premium tower room) which had seperate lifts. Our room 04-11-18 (dont ask bout the way the room numbers work cos i still dont know!) was big with a huge king size bed which I must say was the comfiest ive ever slept on. Bathroom was also nice and big with a long vanity shelf for all my slap! Large window which even tho we didn get a great view was stil nice to get some las vegas sunshine. Room cleaned daily some days it wasnt cleaned til mid afternoon but at least it was still cleaned. Used both the pool on floor 8 and also the 'european' pool on floor 24 both pools fine tho the euro pool on floor 24 was quite difficult to find and once we were there it was free for women but my fiance had to pay 10%, dont think he was too chuffed! bewarned if ur going to the pool to relaxe quietly then sunbathe elsewhere once it hits midday the music by the pool is pretty loud but u get used to it.People are right the casino was a bit grubby and it did smell a bit but then smokings not been banned there yet so think thats the only reason I noticed the smell.Didnt really eat in the hotel except for the buffett breakfast which was awesome an quite reasonable ($13 all u can eat) Mcdonalds and Starbucks in hotel too. The main bar in the middle of casino did all u can drink cocktails daily between 4pm-8pm for $20 which we thought was quite good until one of the bar staff got our drinks wrong an we had to fight just to get it changed- they were the only staff that wernt so helpfull everyone else were amazing. Had one night of luxury eating at the Top of the World restaurant (which revolves) at the top of the tower. This restaurant is very pricey but well worth it (we spent about $200 for 2 courses) the view and food is phenomenal (we ordered gigantic 14oz steak). if ur going make a reservation the first day u get there as its very popular. we requested a table by the window which even tho we were told it wasnt guaranteed we managed to get one which really made the night. As for the location which seems to cause some concern for many people, it is at the end of the strip and it is in a slightly run down area but there was never a time I felt unsafe or uneasy whilst walking to or from the strat hotel. As for homeless people or beggars i dont actually remember seeing that many of them and even the ones we did see didnt bother us at all. The monorail is about a block away its jus round the coner from the Sahara, the only thing I would say is that if ur going to use it go thru the sahara to get to it rather than round the back entrance i felt more uneasy there than i did newhere near the strat. however i found that even just walking to the monorail was tough work (it was 107degrees when we were away) so if id had to walk further down the strip i prob would have passed out so i suppose i can kinda c why the location bothers some. we found it easier jus to get the Duece bus which stops just round the corner from the strat an wa sonly $7 for 24hours and it stops at every hotel along the strip. Some days it does take longer to get down the strip depending on day of the week/ volume of pasengers but it was jus too hot for us to walk a great distance!I would definatly recommend the stratosphere hotel to people looking for doing Vegas on the cheap, this was our first time in Vegas and i think if we'd stayed in a more central hotel it would have been too overwhelming.it definatly broke us in gently lol. However saying that i think next time we'll stay in a more central/luxurious hotel (ive got my eye on the MGM Grand) but would definatly go back to the Stratosphere if we were going to be Las Vegas regulars! ha ha.If uv booked and are worried then please dont cos the strat's fine for what u need it for, its clean with easy access to the strip. I love vegas so much that even tho weve booked to go to the Maldives for our honeymoon next year im trying to persuade my H2B to book vegas instead! ;)Definatly do the Top of the World restauant its pricey but worth itDont try an walk from the strat hotel unless ur going in the winter	
Oct 11 2009 	would stay there again	The hotel itself was clean and had good service. It is off the strip but within walking distance to a monorail which will take you all the way to the other end of the strip. 72 hour monorail unlimited pass was only 30 bucks and well worth it. It also has a bus stop right outside the hotel to go to fremont which is awesome, fremont had $2 coronas and a great atmosphere. What the hotel lacked in location, it made up with the all you can drink deals it had from 4-8 daily for $20 bucks (martinis, margaritas, and draft beer only but still well worth it). The pool was nice and quiet which was nice cause you can party anywhere else in vegas obviously, the rooms were clean...there is a liquor store almost next door with good prices, only downside is the hotel doesnt give you a mini fridge in the room...you have to rent one for $5 bucks a day.	
Oct 8 2009 	25th Birthday Celebration	The room was on the small size, the beds were comfortable. There was not much to do in the hotel itself. The hotel was at the end of the strip and I was not comfortable with the surrounding neighborhood. I wouldn't stay there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	A dump in the rough.	We stayed here for my husbands birthday. We normally stay at NYNY, but thought we would stay at the other end of the strip--just to check it out. Needless to say, it was a curiosity that was satisfied before we even reached the hotel. The hotel itself really wasn't that bad--an attempted room rejuvenation in 2005 (I believe) did little to cover the age of the hotel, though the bed was incredibly comfortable--so that was a plus. The gambling area smelled like your grandmothers basement, and actually felt muggy. All the blocks around the hotel looked like the projects, and to get back to our room at the end of the night we had to turn down approximately 15 requests for cigarettes and money from bums. The location and surroundings really have done this hotel in. It's too bad, it must have been a pretty nice place at one time.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great time for great price!	My fiance and I stayed at the Strat since it seemed close enough walking distance to little chapel of the flowers, where we were getting married that weekend. The rate was great, the room was big enough, nice linens, very clean. Bathroom was spacious and the hairdryer actually wasn't so bad! Staff was very helpful, the shops, the rides, the food..it all was great!!! Def. prepare to do some walking if you're gonna tour the strip, this one is alllll the way at the end!	
Oct 8 2009 	Worse than I imagined	The location was at the far end of the strip. Not near the monorail so we had to take the bus which wasn't a problem but the concierge had us go across the street to catch the bus which landed us way far away from where we wanted to go. Long line to check in at 11 PM. Fire alarms going off in the middle of the night with no explanation or apology and rooms were not cleaned until 6 or 7 pm every night. Will never stay here again. Bellagio here I come!!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Fun at a low cost	This hotel is an excellent choice if looking to have a good time at a low cost. The rides on top of the tower are great. The hotel itself is a bit far from the strip, but it is pretty cheap to get a cab. The rooms are clean. Great pool!	
Oct 8 2009 	Inexpensive off the main strip showing its age.	We stayed here for our first trip together in twelve years. Having never been to Las Vegas before weren't completely sure what to expect. This hotel was very inexpensive so that is why we booked it. It is off the strip, but not that far. You can also ride the DEUCE bus for cheap up and down the strip from right outside the hotel, so don't let the fact it is off the strip deter you. The hotel was clean, but it is starting to show its age and there was alot of remodeling going on in the casino at the time. We paid to stay in a room above the 14th floor, but we ended up on the 5th floor. Also our second night there water began leaking from the ceiling in our room and we had to be moved to another room, also not on the 14th floor or above, and when asked about compension, we received only an apology.All in all, I would stay here again if you are looking for an inexpensive place to stay. Do not expect alot as far as the customer service goes though.	
Oct 8 2009 	Pleasantly suprised!!!	Been to Vegas many times before and always have stayed at the MGM, but my family were staying at the Circus Circus RV park, so we chose the Stratosphere for its location. Wow I liked it better than the MGM. Rooms are beautful, updated, (we were in the premium rooms, sound expensive but were only $48 a night!). Normal restarants that everyday people eat in, great pool area and loved the casino. Had a great time, and have already booked my next trip to Vegas with them in Dec.	
Oct 7 2009 	Alfs solo flight...	Right let's begin, the flight was long but when I entered my room it was all worth while, tip top air conditioning with a great bed and an awesome View of the strip. The casino was ace and the birds were drop dead gorgeous. Also the buffet was value for money but I was comped so I would say that. The one downside is you stay at the top of the strip which is about 4.5miles long, and trust me it's a long walk in the heat and the taxis aren't cheap cheap like the budgie! Excellent value for money and I know you wouldn't be disappointed. 	
Oct 6 2009 	A Positive Experience on Three Separate Visits	This is rather a belated review and is submitted to dispel any feelings of apprehension which may be generated by some of the negative reviews of the hotel and its location. My friend and his wife recently booked a 10 night stay at the Stratosphere based on my recommendation and, after doing so, were somewhat perturbed by some of the reviews on the Trip Advisor Website. The number of negative reviews represents a fractional proportion of the vast number of guests who have stayed at this hotel and have had a very positive experience which includes my wife and myself on two separate visits and latterly a third visit with extended family. These visits were in March, 2007 (4 nights),June, 2007 (7 nights) and October, 2008 (8 nights). The hotel represents great value for money. The rooms were spacious, clean and comfortable. There is a choice of restaurants/diners within the hotel and in particular The Courtyard Buffet which caters for breakfast, lunch and dinner and offers a wide choice of dishes to suit every taste and is very reasonably priced. The Champagne Brunch on a Sunday is not to be missed.You have immediate access to the Stratosphere Tower with its panoramic views of Las Vegas and The Strip in addition to the three &quot;white knuckle&quot; rides at the top of the tower - not for the faint-hearted.The location of the hotel is at the North end of The Strip but did not present any problem at all. The &quot;Deuce&quot; bus stops immediately outside the hotel and will take you up The Strip or alternatively to Downtown Las Vegas and Fremont Street. The light show at Fremont Street is not to be missed. You can buy two types of ticket on the bus - a one way ticket or a 24 hour pass. During our visit the one way ticket was $2 and the 24 hour pass was $5 although this will possibly have increased now. If you are moving up and down The Strip or to Fremont Street, the 24 hour pass is the one to buy. A big plus as regards the location of The Stratosphere is that you will not have a problem boarding the bus outside the hotel. As the run up The Strip progesses the bus gets busier and busier and if you were staying in a hotel in the centre of The Strip, boarding the bus is not so easy. The hotel has an open swimming pool which was fine but we only used this for an hour on one of our visits. If it is your intention to sit around at a swimmimg pool then Las Vegas is not the place for you. There is so much to see and do. Sitting around at a pool seems to defeat the purpose of coming to Las Vegas. Our first visit was for 4 nights which just wasn't sufficient and on returning home, we immediately booked for a further 7 nights some 12 weeks later.	
Oct 5 2009 	Awesome hotel	My review is based upon one nights stay, but boy what a night. Check in was simple and painless, we booked 3 rooms for my family and they were all modern, beautiful, clean with all the mod cons you would expect in a room. We didnt have much of a view, but we were told this when booking and agreed it was ok because we only paid $27 dollars a night per room. The beds were the most softest and comfy and l cant think of anything negative to say. The most awesome part is free admission to the tower, the views are amazing, my son was brave enough to pay the $12 to go on the ride at the top of the tower 1000ft above ground. Even though we were only there one night, l would certainly go back without any hesitation	
Oct 4 2009 	Nice surprise	When we booked our stay at the stratosphere I was a little apprehensive due to some of the reviews. We were pleasantly surprised from the moment we checked in to the time we left. We had split our vacation up between two properties and after we left the stratosphere and got to the other property (which was almost twice the cost) we were sorry we left. The service staff were wonderful. Everyone was friendly, helpful and courtious......from the staff at the check-in desk, to the bell hop, to the waitstaff, to the guy who gets your taxi......we have no complaints. They spent the time to explain the layout of the hotel, where we could find everything, what promotions were available, how to use the rewards card, etc. The room was very nice. Nothing elaborate, but clean and fresh. The bathrooms were very roomy with a lot of counter space (ladies!!) and the shower was wonderful. The buffet was reasonable, a nice selection of dishes, and the wait staff were always available. We didn't get to the italian restaurant but heard that it was very nice. The pool was a nice size and not overly crowded. There were always chairs available. There is no shade, however, unless you're lucky enough to get loungers with an umbrella, but who wants shade at a pool anyhow?! The casino floor was easy to navigate, and there was a nice selection of slot machines, tables for black jack, rouellette, etc. We went up to the top of the tower at night and the view was great! It 's free if you're staying there at the stratosphere.We went downtown one night, it only cost about $8 by taxi, and it was a lot of fun. The stratosphere is a bit out of the way being at the north end of the strip but if you're not looking for all that hustle and bustle everyday, it's worth it to stay there and spend a bit of money for monorail ride or the bus or even a taxi to take you to the strip if you want to go. It's a nice place to relax as well as to gamble without all the crowds. We plan on staying at the stratosphere the next time we go to Vegas.	
Oct 4 2009 	Breathtaking both the city and the hotel	although this hotel is a little off the strip, their prices are extremely good value. The choice of food was good and the staff extremely helpful. The crowning glory of this hotel though was the Stratosphere tower, especially at night, it's surreal to take in the grandeur of Las Vegas at a height of 1300 or so meters (if I remember correctly). would definetely recommend to a friend.......	
Oct 4 2009 	Scabies!!!!!Bed bugs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Do not go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	My husband and I stayed at the stratosphere from September 29, 2009 to October 2, 2009. The experience was horrible. Right from the beginning when we entered our room there was urine and tissue in the toilet. I started to call the desk then, but my husband insists i am too anal. Well starting about 2 days later began noticing skin irritation on my thigh. I thought it was from my underwear so I paid it no mind.The following day my husband began complaining about a rash on his thighs. He thought it came from his pants. The day after that I tried to take a bath in the jacuzzi and couldn't sit in the water because of the burning sensation. The irritation had spread down the back of my legs. So I tell my husband and we compare our skins, which have the same exact rash and bumps. We put 2 and 2 together and called the front desk. We told them we think we've been bit by bed bugs. So they sent security up to take pictures and take a report. He confirmed that it looked as if we had been bitten by something that had caused us to get an infection. Keep in mind we have pictures and videos of all of this. They offer us another room, and that room had a sink leak. The sink was leaking some awful smelling water. Then they offered us another room which was a romance suite and that room was alright, but the cold water to the jacuzzi didn't work. I just said forget it, it was our last night there and also the worst. I was so irritated I couldn't stand any type of heated water and couldn't turn on any cold water. Wow!! They offered us a buffet the next day and to have 3 days taken off of our stay. I immediately called an attorney. We got home on Saturday Oct 3, 2009 and went to the doctor and found out we have SCABIES!! So not only did we get bit the [--] up. It's contagious!! We have 3 small children. 7, 4, and 1. I am livid. I am trying to keep my one year old at a distance so she won't get it and it is so hard, she doesn't understand. I advise anyone not to stay at the stratosphere or the Sahara. I met a woman while I was there that had bites all over her. The Sahara offered her $1,300 and some comedy tickets. A lot more than they offered me. I really thought the stratosphere was nice. Well at least from the pictures the look nice. If you can afford it, it's worth it to just go to one of the newer hotels. Cheaper is not always better. And if you are on a tight budget and absolutely can't afford it do a timeshare. They offer deals for 4 days 2 nights for $99. That's what we should have done, but we didn't find out until we got to vegas. I have to info if you want email me at tiabrunson@yahoo.com. If anyone has had the same experience with stratosphere contact me and we can file a class action suit. They cannot keep getting away with this. We'll update you on our case as it is still new.	
Oct 2 2009 	International Visitors Beware	My wife and I stayed in the Stratosphere early September. We are from Australia and booked our accomodation on line and payed by credit card. This was the last time we paid by credit card. When we arrived we paid cash for the remaining balance on the room and cash for all other purchases made during our stay. When we departed I phoned the desk just to make sure there was nothing outstanding. On our last credit card statement we received three separate charges from the Stratosphere totalling $144.77. We have no idea what these are for and I have now sent three e-mails over the past week asking for an explanation but have received nothing in reply. My recomendation is that if you are considering staying there, pay by some other means other then a credit card. I will now have to phone then to find out what these charges are which means I now incur another cost.	
Oct 2 2009 	OMG Where do I start?	Firstly Buyer beware, when you book a room online (In their words) &quot;They do not garentee that you will get the room that you pay for, it is simply a request&quot;. Oh and i should note that when you book they make you paay for the first night upfront.We &quot;requested&quot; a King bed, non smoking strip view premier room. When we checked in they said &quot;We are booked out of the king stripview premier non smoking', Instead they gave us a SMOKING Stripview room with 2 doubles. OMG!!!!! This room STUNK!!!! An Ashtray would have smealt better!!!, When we complained they didnt realy care, they basically said Tuff, take what your given. We will move you to the room you requested tomorrow. OMG Overall i was EXTREMLY Disapointed about our stay and will NEVER recomend this hotel to anyone!The only good thing was the pool i guess, oh wait i forgot... it closes at 7pm....	
Oct 1 2009 	quality/price very good	quality/price very good quality/price very good quality/price very good quality/price very good quality/price very good quality/price very good quality/price very good quality/price very good quality/price very good quality/price very good sorry i have not enough vocabulary	
Oct 1 2009 	Great Hotel much better than others in same ratings	Have just got back from staying 9 nights at the Stratosphere, and I must say after reading a lot of reviews, before going, I was hesitant. But dont be, checking in was very quick, we arrived on Monday afternoon. When getting to check in the girl was very helpful, and told us we could upgrade, which we did.Our room was on the 16th floor, bedroom plus lounge and fridge, with 2 windows overlooking the mountains, and that cost us an extra $200 for 9 nights, which I thought was very good, room very clean and maid came every day, we could not have been more pleased.We opted for the $19.99 all day buffet most days at hotel, and I must say the choice was endless, breakfast excellent, mid-day excellent, evening meal excellent and had an excellent carvery, with different cuts of roast beef, and turkey, what more could you ask for the money.The hotel is away from the main strip, but we opted for the Deuce bus, though a bit slow, for $7, you get 24 hour pass to ride on or off as many times as you like. And the bus stop is just outside the hotel.I would say the only down side to the hotel is the location, it is not in the best of areas, ok during the day, but be careful at night, there are some undesirables about.But it is nice to get away from the main strip, from all the crowds, and that is what you get staying at the Stratosphere for the money you pay it is could value, we know its not a five star hotel but its better than the hotels near by, Sahara and the Circus.Just one last thing I would say the staff and all the Americans we met where most helpful and polite, and should be proud, they made my wife and myself most welcome.	
Oct 1 2009 	This place should be called the CRAPosphere!	I reserved a &quot;Romance suite with a view of the strip&quot; two weeks prior to me staying here at the Stratosphere. Upon check in, the lady at the front desk informed us that the suite I had booked two weeks ago was not available and they had changed our room to a &quot;Star Suite&quot; instead. When we asked her what the difference between the two rooms were she told us the romance comes with an open tub to the living area and the star suite did not. We were in Vegas for our one year wedding anniversary so the open jacuzzi tub was our selling point on booking this suite. After explaining this to the lady, she went to speak with her manager and about ten minutes later comes back and tells us we are going to get a romance suite after all. GOOD. We were charged a $7.50 resort fee daily during our stay here, yet this place is nothing spectacular. We stayed on the 12th floor and had a view of the rooftop of the 11th floor. The carpeting in the hallways is old, and all bunched up in areas. The windows in the rooms do not open so you can not get any fresh air into your room. Our room was a large size but nothing spectacular. This is the only suite I have ever stayed in that came with plastic wrapped plastic cups! No glasses at all. The tub is seperated from the shower which was expected, but what was not expected was the mold inside and on the sides of both. Absolutely disgusting. My husband and I didn't even use the tub the entire stay because if there is mold all over it, it couldn't be very clean. The wall connected to the shower had been molding and rotting away to where there was a hole forming on side where the wall paper and dry wall were missing.The only good thing about this place was the room service. It was quick and not very expensive but my food arrived to my room nice and hot and tasted good. The location of this place is horrible as well. They fail to mention you are about a 2 mile hike to the general fun parts of the strip, be prepared to drive or catch the deuce if you plan on staying here and seeing the strip. It is across the street from Fun City Motel. Very classy! I've stayed at suites all over in Las Vegas and would recommend any of them compared to this Craposphere. For the $400 you will pay for a weekend here at the Stratosphere, you can book a nicer, cleaner, more conveniently located suite at either Palms Place, or The Signature Suites at the MGM. Both are very good values for your money. Don't waste it here!	
Sep 29 2009 	poor location	we paid for strip veiw &amp; adjoining rooms but on arrival didn't get strip view. They changed our rooms but one wasn't ready. We waited 3 hours &amp; they brought us the other room keys then went to the other room to find that the keys didn't work. Called down to the front desk &amp; security came &amp; opened it up &amp; it wasn't even made up. He called down &amp; they gave us another room on a different floor. The next A.M. we talked to the manager &amp; they moved us all to the same floor beside each other. We were a family of 6 with kids. It is too far from the strip to view much of it &amp; too far to walk to other attractions. Wouldn't stay there again.	
Sep 29 2009 	Moldy bathrooms hidden charges dirty carpets	I guess for the cheap price on priceline.com I wasn't expecting too much, but I truly wasn't expecting a ton of mold around the bathtub, dirty carpets, and hidden &quot;RESORT&quot; charges for this dump. The casino is pretty nice, but the hotel portion is a dump. There was construction and we had no hot water from noon-2pm during my stay. The only view I had out of the window was of construction. I wasn't made aware until after I got home that I had access to a free ride up the tower. No one told me this, and everything I read said it was $15. I would avoid this hotel and go to the tropicana instead. The other complaint I have is that I purchased an all you can eat buffet for $20 a day which was a great deal except for the fact that they had 250-300 degree pancake syrup on the buffet. I got a drop on my finger and ended up with a third degree burn. Several other people were burnt on the buffet as well.. Even after paying the $8 a night resort fee, they wanted an additional $12 for me to use the internet.	
Sep 28 2009 	A clean value no-frill hotel	I booked this hotel through Pirceline and paid only $40 for one night. At first, I was worried about the quality of the hotel, since it is only a 3-star hotel. However, my view changed when I checked into this hotel. The hotel is very clean, which is a big plus for me. The price is very good as well. The restaurants / food options at this hotel are better and cheaper than Treasure Island I've stayed at. There are couple of things everyone should be aware of: 1) Location: it is a little bit far from the strip. If you don't mind taking the deuce, it should not be too costly to get to the strip. 2) Booking surcharge: when I checked in, they told me that there is an additional $7 daily surcharge for using the gym and the swimming pool. I know that Treasure Island also charge a surcharge to use these facilities. However, Treasure Island DID NOT force people to pay this, whereas the surcharge at Stratosphere is obligatory. On the other hand, there is a very nice outdoor swimming pool that is available at the hotel. Overall, I might not stay at Stratosphere again. Even though the price was reasonable, after the daily surcharge and my taxi fare to get to the strip, it is not much cheaper than other options on the strip. If you plan to stay at the hotel and use all the fitness facilities, it might worth checking out.	
Sep 27 2009 	Would have been 4 stars if not for the Resort Fee!	The Stratosphere is not in a good location. We wanted to walk around a little (not go to far) and see what was around the hotel, but nothing was. We could walk to Denny's and that was about it. If we kept walking, we could have walked to the Sahara, but turned around first. The area is a little sketchy. Our room was a premiere room and we only paid $29 a nite for 4 nites. Then, they add a $7.50 a day resort fee. For what? For nothing we used. This is just a way to lure you in for a great price and then just add a fee, in which you have no choice but to pay. Our room was comfy and clean. Our view was of the parking lot (which we could hear clearly car alarms going off). We were on the 14th floor. Again for the price, not too bad.We did not gamble in the Casino, but it was never smokey or loud. We didn't have to walk all the way through the casino to get to the elevator, which was nice. The bathroom was sort of remodeled. The tile around the tub looked new, but the faucet was original. The counter was Corian and plenty of space, but the flooring was original. We got body lotion, shower gel, hand soap, shampoo and conditioner, all of which smelled great.The parking was adequate and free. No problem finding a spot near the parking elevator.Check in was fast and service friendly. Elevators plenty and quick. Good signage throughout. There were cute shops and eating establishments (McDonalds) on the 2nd floor.All in all, the hotel was pretty much what we expected. The room was nice, the location not so nice. The pool was nice, but not worth the $7.50 resort fee.I would recommend the Stratosphere if the price was right.	
Sep 27 2009 	Love this hotel and feel it's excellent value for money.	This was my third stay at the Stratosphere Hotel &amp; Casino. I don't go on holiday to make judgement on the hotel as I spent 85% of my time visiting the resorts rather than hanging out in the room and not taking advantage of the country i'm visiting, but I have to say that this hotel is brilliant and excellent value for money. There is no illusions of grandeur here; there rooms are basic and kept clean every day. The staff are friendly and helpful. The facilities at this hotel are great - there is a pool and gym to use, which I didn't take advantage this time. Staying at the hotel meant you get discounts for the tower and rides as well as the shows. There are several restaurants in the hotel, which meet all different tastes. My particular favourite is Roxy's Diner which is a 60's style diner and the very talented staff sing to you.The hotel is walking distance from a few hotels at the top of the strip and about 10 minutes in taxi from Fremont Street. I would say that it is perfectly situated because it's away from the heart of the strip and a lot quieter. I'd definately recomment this hotel and those who have gone on my advice have really enjoyed it.	
Sep 27 2009 	Does exactly what it says on the tin!	We were a group of four adults &amp; two 18 year olds and stayed at The Stratosphere for a week at the end of September. We booked the hotel because of the exceptional value it offers. OK, it's not 5 star and OK its at the far North end of the Strip, but we couldn't really fault the place for the money we paid. Our room was a 'Premier upper floor' and was spacious, comfortable &amp; clean - with a good view overlooking the Fremont Street area to the North.Facilities for eating, drinking and entertainment in the Casino, restauants, pool and bars were more than adequate and we took advantage of the numerous promotional deals on offer. As far as the location is concerned, we didn't find it a problem - we quite enjoyed the fact that we could get away from the hustle &amp; bustle of the main strip area. It was easy to get on the Deuce bus, monorail or to take a taxi to wherever we wanted to get to (Downtown and the Strip). The monorail was the quickest and easiest. We were aware through tripadvisor before we arrived that the local area isn't one of the best, but we honestly didn't feel at all threatened or vulnerable in the immediate vicinity.In summary, we would recommend 'The Strat' to anyone who is looking for a great value hotel that provides everything you need without being flash.	
Sep 26 2009 	Good location value for money	I used the casino in here and the room just to sleep and wash. The view from the top is fantastic.	
Sep 26 2009 	Grat hotel/casino at the end of the strip	Stayed here for one night when visiting Las Vegas. We chose a &quot;Romance Suite&quot; on the 26th floor, the room was big, the bathroom even bigger, and the jacuzzi opening up into the living area was a nice touch. We had a view to the tower and part of the strip.One thing, that really wasn't that romantic was the thin foldable wall into the bathroom. You could hear EVERYTHING when someone was in the bathroom, really - I don't want that, especially not in a romantic suite.The hotel in general is old (from Las Vegas standards), I think it's from the 90-ties. It could use a freshen up, but the style is ok and it offers a good value for money. We had lots of fun in the casino, the service was good and we really didn't miss anything.We had dinner at Top of the world, I can recommend that. The view is spectacular, overlooking Las Vegas and The Strip. The food and service was great. After that we took a trip to the roof, the rides are incredible - we stayed on the observation deck, that was just enough for us :-)	
Sep 24 2009 	stuck in 1972	booked a suite at the stratosphere, based on internet reviews and pictures... rate was great so i guess beggers cant be choosers, but room was straight out of a bad B gangster movie, the smell was terrible, and the view... on the parking lot despite being on the 18th floor. beware when you prepay on line, they still hit you with a tourism tax upon arrival...we checked out, now at the Terrible's clean, cheap and super friendly!. one more thing, the restaurent on the top of the tower is way over rated and hyper expensive. 180 USD for 2 for your basic meat and potatoes and a couple of glasses of wine.... view is great, but you get the same with a cocktail at the lounge.... oh, and also wifi access is 11USD... free at the terrible's...	
Sep 24 2009 	Value for money	Clean basic Las Vegas hotel - no frills. Free entry to the Stratosphere tower. Located at the end of the Strip - main casinos and attractions not within walking(&lt; 15 min) distance. The monorail however is a good option and starts at the Sahara Casino across the street (USD 13 for one day unlimited use). WiFi 12 dollars for 24hrs. Fast check-in and check-out. Free parking, noisy aircon.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Value	Great value hotel. A little dated even though website stated that these rooms had been updated in 2008. Beds great, bathroom a little ropey. Fantastic value for money and located well with a bus stop right outside the hotel to have easy access up and down the strip. Casino good fun. Lucky's restaurant - extremely slow service. Check in good, little waiting. We checked out earlier than booking with no issues. Pool great and service good. Would stay again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Way better than I expected!	Can't praise the Stratosphere enough! From the check in service to the room cleanliness I could find no fault with this hotel. We paid about 27 per night for 5 nights in September and on arrival they didn't have two non-smoking king rooms together, so they gave us a free upgrade! The pool area was spotless, the guest relations desk were great. I'd recommend making as much use of the concierge as possible. We had questions for them every day and they were incredibly helpful and even booked a tour for us. The buffet is excellent value for money but one tip - get a rewards card as soon as you get there. You get a 25% discount in the buffet restaurant and it's definitley worth it. We ate there every morning and on three days we ate there in the evening too. For $19.99 you can eat there unlimited all day. Stratosphere offers a brunch buffet so don't be surprised to find spaghetti bolognese on offer for breakfast! Service in the restaurant is excellent and I recommend a visit to Roxy's Diner, on the casino floor. Great food (again, better value if you have your rewards card) and the servers even sing classic hits for you!! I'd definitely stay there again.	
Sep 23 2009 	good hotel not so good location	if you want to go to Las Vegas and stay on the strip you have to know that this hotel is at the end of the strip. it is a good and clean hotel with big rooms . it has an incredible restaurant at the top of the tower and many attractions. Also they have organized good shows cabaret and of course dont miss elvis presley. the swiming pool is great and it has also a jacuzzi. good luck	
Sep 23 2009	Stratospere Excels After Hotels.com Screwup	Arrived at the Stratosphere exhausted after a drive from Napa and tried to check-in. I was told that hotels.com messed up the reservation and made it for the following day. I was then told the rate was much higher for that night, which erked me but I kept my cool (cant say the same for my sisters crazy friend), and the front desk agent brought the MOD (Christopher) out to talk to me. He wa very personable and professional, and so was the front desk girl who helped us at first (never got her name but she was from Hawaii and also very cute), so I decided to stay. Anthony the bell-hop, who was also very nice, showed us to our room which had an awesome view of Vegas. The next day I went to the pool and was very impresed. There is a topless pool on location as well, but it is a pain to get to and the only girls that I seen topless weren't worth the time to make it up there. Parking is a pain but thats what valet is for. Overall a very noce hotel. Thank you to all who made my stay very enjoyable.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Hotel a little far from the strip	I stayed 4 nights and it was great, the hotel is huge and the rooms are great. The area near the pool is cool and we have fun there. There is a fitness center and lots of shops on the 2nd floor. Everybody is really nice. The only problem is that the hotel is far from the strip, a car is needed to move and visit Las vegas.	
Sep 21 2009 	A great hotel at a good price no complaints	Stayed here with a friend for one week on our first trip to Vegas, the hotel stood out at time of booking due to its price. We were pleasantly surprised when we arrived that everything was as expected. The twin room was pretty big and the room was clean, cool and tidy. The hotel is big and the attractions on the roof are an added bonus for the thrill seekers out there.The only criticism is the location, its about a 2.5 miles (4 km) from what you would call 'the strip' and by that I mean the big casinos like Paris, Caesars Palace, Bellagio, TI and Wynn. Getting about is easy enough as we got the monorail from Sahara, which is about a 10 min walk away. Monorails are frequent and journey is approx 20mins. You can walk up the strip no problem, but we found that it took a lot of time stopping at traffic lights (intersections), it took us almost 2 hours to walk up on a busy 'fight' night. There is a bus stop right outside the hotel too, so you can hop of the bus called 'The Deuce' but again the traffic can make the journey take an age.There is not much nearby to do apart from the Stratosphere and the Sahara in the form of entertainment or eating out. We found a local 7-Eleven Gas (Petrol) station that was good for snacks, water and donuts.We enjoyed our stay and would stay again, but if you are looking for something close to the popular hotels and casinos and you don't fancy walking or getting bus / monorail then the Stratosphere may not be for you. For someone in the mid 20s it was no problem.	
Sep 19 2009 	a room without a view	we chose the romantic suite so we could stay at the hotel and spend our days resting into the room. But our room was on the 6th floor, and had no view... all we could see was a white wall and a ceiling... even after asking for changing, they kept us in the same room...	
Sep 19 2009 	great for the price	We recently came back from Veges after spending a week there and staying at the Stratosphere for most of our stay....... after reading all of the reviews we were expecting the worst.... however it was fine, in fact more than fine. We got a very cheap deal for our 6 night stay, our room was on the 17th floor, it was clean, spacious and quiet. The hotel had efficeint check in staff, helpful conceige and was generally a nice place to stay. The hotel has 2 swimming pools 1 on level 8 which is nice, and then 1 on level 24 - now this one is free for ladies to get in and gents have to pay..... it took us a while to figure out why... its a topless area to sunbathe!! oh also Roxys diner does the best milkshakes....... we also ate at the top of the world restaurant at the top of the stratosphere tower, it was pricey but very good food and the views of vegas were fabulous. Location..... ok so yes you are right at the top end of the strip, but the Sahara hotel which is 5 minutes walk has the monorail station which takes you right to all the hotels along the strip - about 5 or 6 stops in total, it runs until 2 or 3am and we found it very efficient. The Stratosphere has a Starbucks so every morning we got our lattes and wandered to the monorail...Grand Canyon..... this is a must do... we went with Pappilon on the first class sunset tour, it was amazing and by going slightly later in the day, when the sun was just setting we saved ourselves from the 42 degree heat - there is no shade in the grand canyon. Other must do..... go and see dolphins at the mirage and the white lions and tigers there too, i could have stayed there all day watching them.... play on craps... its hilarious and we actually won by doing nothing, we weren't big gamblers in vegas we were more interested in seeing the sights so when we did gamble it was just for fun. Shows.... we went to see Jubilee at Ballys which is the longest running show in vegas i think, with the showgirls, lots of bling and feathers and also Cirque du soleil - mystere again the oldest and original - there are 6 cirque du soleil shows in vegas. Both shows were amazing. At the end of our trip we stayed for one night at the bellagio....... OMG amazing..... definately a great way to end our holiday... I cant wait to go back...	
Sep 18 2009 	great holiday spot lovely pool restaurants and casino not as tacky as some	we really enjoyed our stay...the all day buffet was great value and had a good selection of food, nice pool to relax beside with a reasonably priced bar, bizarre american hang ups about toplessness aside,roxys diner was lively, staff helpful, room spacious although we got talked in to paying for an upgrade when we got there as they had &quot;overbooked at our price level&quot; but we ended up with a great room. was handy having the retail floor for 24 hour Mcdonalds in the hotel....yarm Angus burgers!Only disadvantage was quite a long distance down the srip to the hub of it all but not a major prob	
Sep 16 2009 	Treated in a brutal way by security personnel	We stayed in this hotel on August 23rd. The room was quite nice and clean, but the way we were treated in the compelling stratosphere tower (part of the hotel) was simply brutal. At the security at the entrance of the stratosphere tower we were treated in a very unprofessional and impolite way by the security personnel. The responsible officer behaved very impolitely and shouted to me and my wife and both our (10-year-old!!) children. When the metal detector went off, he behaved in an even more crude way. His behaviour was a classic example of misuse of position. He did not respond to my questions about his misbehaviour, nor did he make his apologies. I understand that safety in the hotel has to be ensured, but this should be done with respect for their guests. If you want ot avoid these disappointing experiences stay away of the hotel or don't pay a visit to this tower. I complained on the website of the hotel, but simply did not get any reaction at all.	
Sep 15 2009 	Sad Priceline chose this hotel	We did a priceline thing where we name our own price. We did $90 a night for 3 stars or better and it chose the Stratosphere. We didn't think the STrat was 3 stars and we were a little disappointed when it chose the Strat for us. My husband and I had only been to Vegas one other time and we knew this was probably was only going to be our only trip to Vegas. The hotel is old. The lights in our room flickered on and off before they came on. It was kind of like a horror movie. We were on the third floor in the Regency tower and our window had a wonderful view of the roof and a generator. We showered with flip flops on and didn't walk on the carpet. The upholstry was stained. Housekeeping wasn't done cleaning our room when we checked in. They forgot shampoo and soap in the room and we called down for it twice and it never came. The bed was comfortable. Very comfortable. If your not a frequent Vegas traveler I would reccommend getting a NICE hotel off the strip for the same price and using a rental car to drive to your destination on the strip. All of the nice hotels ... Belagio, Wynn, etc have free self parking. I really wish we would have stayed at a NICE hotel off the strip and driven to the stip. The parking was free. The pool was ok. Not super clean but not super dirty. No free wi fi. I would never stay here again. There are just a lot better options.	
Sep 14 2009 	first timer	we stayed at the statosphere, I wasnt expecting much but was very pleasantly surprised.We upgraded to a suite for the whole 18 nights whcih meant we had a seperate room apart from the bedroom. It only cost us another 60!!! The room was spotless and the room service second to none, no matter wath time of day we left the room when we came back the towels and linen, bins emptied.The hotel itself is a little out of the way (at the end of the strip) but it never bothered us at all. To be honest its not as manic as all the other hotels so it was nice to come back to a bit of sanity!. We went to both of the pools adult pool, 24th floor which was ok but not worth the $10 for us as we couldnt sit in it too long. The other pool was fine with a much lager pool and eating area, I didnt see any children either.The best part of the holiday for me were the trips, I am so glad we booked them, the Grand Canyon fly, helicopeter, boat trip and then a walk around on the top was fabulous well worth the money as a once in life time think.We also did the lake mead and hoover dam trip, a much cheaper day and also brilliant.We did a few of the big shows but to be honest we enjoyed the Frank Sinatra and Barbara Streisand, &quot; The show that never was&quot; which is on at the Riverea, this was briliant she not only sounded like her but you would have thought it was her to look at too.We were all escorted in, in couples and sat at a table, (just as it must have been back in the rat pack days.) The artists shook everybodys hand as we left this little theatre. Unfortunaltey we didnt get too dressed up (we judged it by the previous big shows we went to) I am soory we didnt as it would have been appropriate for the occation.The last day we went to the resturant at the top of the tower, we only did brunch as we had spent up and the brunch is 1/4 of the price of evenign meal, another fabulous and excellent service with value for money.	
Sep 11 2009 	Very Clean For an 'older' hotel!	Great rooms - they were very clean (we had two separate rooms far from eachother on the same floor); I was quite surprised, being that the hotel has been there for quite some time and I found a SWEET deal on a similar website &lt;hint&gt;. :)We ate in one of the casino restaurants -- way over priced. Find somewhere else OFF the strip for a much better value.The View from the rooms were marginal - make sure when you check in that you ask for a room that faces the strip - you'll get a better view then a back-side industrial lot!Make sure you ride up to the top while you're here!! (they typically give you a free ticket to ride to the spire!) The rides are nominally priced, also, worth the $36 per person for all the rides! Definitely good bragging rites when you get back home!!All in all, I enjoyed it, the rooms were clean, amenities were there (workout gym is on the same level as the shops! AND they don't charge you extra to use it!). The pool is nice, too!!	
Sep 9 2009 	can't say enough	We recently got back from Vegas and want to share our experience with your readers. This place sure exceeded my every expectation in every aspect. The room was basic, but what else do you want in a place to plunk your head for a few hours then back to being out-and-about?? Above all, it was VERY clean, neat and tidy and everything worked as it should. The view from both our rooms was very good as well. The hotel eateries were above par and entertaining and the food...oh the food...they sure know how to prepare a fabulous meal!! The Back Alley girls dealers were very unexpectedly very good at what they do...and that includes being knowledgable, helpful and most importantly very easy on the eyes!!! Wow, I have nothing negative to say about The Strat and will be my first choice for when I return!!	
Sep 9 2009 	Nice enough to want to return	Just wanted to say that it was very nice to stay at the end of the strip where it was easy to get around from. All the amenitys were right there and it was not at all congested with people. Which is why i would return to stay at the stratosphere again.Good food and entertainment. The machines pay o.k. but I am not much of a gambler anyways.	
Sep 8 2009 	Very very average and not a walking distance to the strip	We stayed there for 4 nights - i am not big on fancy shmancy hotels, this one is average -normal rooms, nothing outstandig, counld have been cheaper than what we paid. Hotel's casino is definitely not the best one in Vegas and i do not recomment waisting any time there... Location is not good - too far from the strip, however, you can get around using public bus, which comes every other 20 minutes... Buffet was quite good, but nothing really esle to admire. I would recommend searching for some better/same price deals closer to the strip!	
Sep 7 2009 	ANother good visit - but casino / public areas in need of a little TLC	This is the fourth time we have stayed at the Stratosphere in the last 5 years. We like it here because it is quieter then some of the big strip hotels and has provided easy access to expressway, downtown etc that you don't get down on the congested part of the strip.The check in this time was much quicker then any of our previous visits (which is a good improvement as we have waited up to 45 minutes before). We booked an NWA world vacations room with our airfare (worked out to about $25 per night + the resort fee charged for the two night stay of $7.50 per night). Cheap accomodations. We were give some sort of an upgrade as we ended up in a mini suite with a separate sitting area in a regular size hotel room - divider wall - was a nice room, clean with two tv's and a fridge. It was clean and comfortable as we have come to expect here. Great valueThe pool area is now much nicer then the adequate pool area from last visit. They have spent some money on new surroundings and chairs and it shows. Enjoyable simple pool area.As my title suggests though - the rest of the resort - from the casino to public areas is slipping a bit and showing signs of age. The casino itself is much less fun then before wtih many of our favourite games missing - it is much more sparsely filled with video poker / slots then last visit - although we did like new 'video blackjack' game where 6 or 7 people sit around big screen to play real rules blackjack. Washrooms, tower area, common areas are all starting to age and less clean (especially washrooms) then last visit. Fortunately we found cocktail service to be as good as before (one reason we come here) - way better then other strip hotels and almost as good as outlying hotels and downtown hotels.Good visit - recommend for cheap, comfortable accomodations.TIP: If you are gambling at the stratosphere - use your points / comps at Arizona Charlies - owned by same group but the comps go a lot further at other locations - free breakfast most days from gambling the night before on our way out to see the town - decatur or boulder depending on which direction you are going. The comps don't go far (if any) in Stratosphere and to be quite frank we have not found the food or restaurants to be that good at Strat anyways - so we usually eat elsewhere with ACG coupons.	
Sep 6 2009 	Excellent accomodation with everything at your fingertips	We stayed in the Romance Suite and were pleased with how luxurious the room was. The bathroom alone with it's spa bath was the size of a small unit and the king size bed was very comfy. It also had a sofa bed and two tv's. We also had a bar fridge and coffee machine.The whole room was very big and was more than enought size to fit my Husband, myself and our five yr old.I loved the fact that the stratosphere had everything at our fingertips. My son loved the Mcdonalds , the buffet was excellent and Roxy's dinner was great service and wonderful food. The other food outlets on the shopping floor were also very tasty and affordable.While staying there we had the opportunity to see the American All Stars show which was brilliant. We also enjoyed the viewing deck on the tower. We however were not brave enough to try out any of the thrill rides.We also loved the fact that the bus which takes you along the strip was just outside and was very convenient.The only down side to our stay was the laundry facilites. While it was great that they were free to use, there were not enough dryers and out of the ones they had only two worked and dryed the clothes properly. I unfortunately had one that took over 3 hrs and my clothes were still damp even after being on the hottest setting. The other thing I felt the hotel lacked was shade at the pool. We enjoyed the pool but as for umbrellas to shade the chairs they were few and far between and sitting near the pool soon became very hot and uncomfortable expecially when trying to rest and watch your kids.Overall our stay was wonderful and would stay here again	
Sep 5 2009 	Great value for money	Recommended to single travellers and groups of friends. This hotel is located on The Streep, but at least 20 min from most of the other Casino hotels. The hotel offers convenient shuttle service to the middle of the Streep (Planet Hollywood hotel) and back. You can save time and money taking this shuttle instead of walking to major hotels or taking &quot;crawling&quot; Duece service . The pool is great. The hotel has lots of enterntainment, restaurants, cafes and bars. The bar on the ground level offers unlimited drinks between 4 p.m. and 8 p.m. for $20. Great deal! The hotel is very close to the Premium Outlet Mall (5-7 min cab ride) and the monorail (5 min walk) and downtown.	
Sep 3 2009 	Pretty good for a 3 star	a group of friends preselected this hotel and therefore I booked the same hotel.I think, considering the hotel is a 3star, it is pretty good value for money. It may not be the most glamouros hotels in Vegas but they are only a short taxi ride away (or 20mins by foot).Rooms are a decent size and clean - not the trendiest furniture (throughout the hotel that is) but the bed was comfy, bathroom always clean.When I stayed in March they just opened the new pool which looked pretty good from top of the Stratosphere Tower (compared to the other old, existing one)Staff was very friendly, the casino downstairs not very glam but good enough to lose a few bucks at the end of a good night out.When I stayed in March they just opened the new pool which looked pretty good (at least what I could see from on top of the Tower)Since you don't need to sleep much when you go to Vegas - this hotel is more than good enough to drop of your suitcase and go back to shower and change clothes!PS: I dare you do the rides on the Stratosphere tower! :-)	
Sep 3 2009 	Reasonable hotel but a little distance from The Strip	We recently stayed at the Stratospher Tower in Vegas.Check in was easy as we were the only ones there. On arrival we were offered an upgrade to a room with a strip view. It was not that expensive so we said yes. However on getting to our room we found our strip view was blocked by the large signiature tower at the front of the hotel. So if you are offered this on check in please confirm with them which room you will get as it may be possible that your view will also be block. Our strip view was very limited.The room was a double queen size room. Good size but furniture was dated. Apart from the two beds, we had a table and two chairs. The TV was and old CRT TV and was housed in an old cabinet. Think 60's and you will get the picture.The room was also a duplex room so it had a door joining the apartment next door. Although locked, we could hear everything that was going on from the talking to the TV going on, which did so every morning at around 5. Either early risers or late to bed? Regardless of this, it would be wise to ask if your room is a dual entry room in order to avoid this.The staff were friendly. The restaurants in the hotel were well decorated, and clean. The hotel is a little distance from the main hotels on the strip and you can either take a walk which can be up to an hour, and bear in mind it was 40 C when we were there, this can be hot and tiring. Failing that you can get a day ticket on the Deuce which is a but that travels the length of the stip and allows you to hop on and off as you like. A day ticket is US$7 or a three day ticket US$15. Well worth it.The hotels here are amazing, and I think next time I would recommend staying on the strip though be aware that a lot of the major hotels have major clubs within them, so they may be noisy. We walked past one, I think the Venetian and it has a club which looks out onto the stip and you could hear it so not sure how far this noise would travel in the hotel. All in all it was a pleasant trip. Lots of shows to see. Just be careful of the gambling as it is easy to have your money eaten up.The strip during the day is pleasant. At night the people wander around with their drinks and seem quite drunk and it gets loud and a little roudy. Daytime crowd much better.From Vegas we did a day trip to the Grand Canyon and Hoover Dam. Long day of about 14 hours but worth it.Oh and internet at the hotel is expensive. US$5 for fifteen minutes.	
Sep 2 2009 	Stratosphere didn't refund reservation fee	I booked a suite January 2009 for our trip August 2009. But by July we found a better deal for Excalibur Hotel. I cancelled the Stratosphere reservation and received an email confirmation with the cancellation number. I trusted that the reservation charged to my account was going to be credited back. Credits reflect on credit card accounts in 3-5 business days and I got busy I totally forgot to check back. September 2, I saw a charge from Stratosphere hotel on my credit card for $2.84. The first time I called their accounting department the person I spoke with told me the charge was for something authorized at the front desk but she doesn't see what for. I told her we cancelled the reservation and never stayed at the hotel. She was very rude. She said she didn't see that the reservation was cancelled and that since this is the first time it happened, as a courtesy she will credit my account. Courtesy?!?! I told her I could give her the cancellation number I got from email. But she declined. After we hung up I called back to speak to the front desk manager to see what was the charge for and was told that since the reservation was never cancelled on their system I was charged for one night plus taxes. Meaning the reservation fee of $103 was never credited to my account and the $2.84 I saw just charged was for taxes. And the accounting person told me she'll credit me $2.84 as courtesy?!?! For sure she had seen in the system I was charged for one night! I called accounting again and this time had to be angry at them to give me back my money. This 2nd accounting representative was also very rude. She hung up on me after she angrily said my account will be credited back. I had to call back to ask her to send me an email confirmation from her that my account will be credited back. They make you feel like you were trying to cheat them when infact they are trying to cheat you. Not even an apology from them. What a customer service!I'd NEVER even consider Stratosphere Hotel the next time we go to Vegas. To think we usually go there as a big group.	
Sep 1 2009	Nice with a touch of mold and cigarettes...	My recent stay at the Stratosphere was ok. It could have been great though. I work for an airline, and was able to take my Mom to first trip to Vegas. Looking online, we decided on the Stratosphere because of the prospect of a great view. We arrived at the hotel without a hitch by taking one of the many pay shuttles that are at LAS. The cost was $16.00 (one way). We arrived at the hotel, and checked in, and then went on up to our room which was in tower three on the tenth floor. Upon exiting the elevator, we were bombarded with the stench of mold and stale cigarette smoke. I did not complain to management or anyone concerning this, but I did mention it in the survey they ask about.If you are traveling with children to Vegas, be careful of this hotel. They have two swimming pools, one is topless and they say that its adults only. Ways to get around? If youre on a budget, go with the Mass Transit. You can get a 24 hour access pass to the buses for only $7.00!	
Sep 1 2009 	Just AMAZING ; we'll be back for sure !!!	We stayed at the Stratosphere from august 22 to 26 2009. We chose a TOWER PREMIER room, which was situated on the 21st floor with a view of the Strip. We were more than pleased by the room itself : it was very clean, well decorated, with a big bathroom... We paid a little price for our stay at this hotel and the room was over our expectations.The SERVICE was the major positive point of this hotel : everyone is smiling, caring, and making sure that you are satisfied. The room was cleaned perfectly and different personnal touches were left in the room every day (extra towels, extra lotions or shampoos, extra pillows...). The concierge desk is useful, with competent employees that will help you no matter what you're looking for. We also ordered room service a couple times and the food was always excellent, the service amazing and quick, and they even called 15 minutes after the delivery to make sure our order was OK. The menu is available 24hours and there is plenty of choice, from sandwiches to more elaborate meals like Dijon salmon in pecan crust or a 12 oz T-Bone. If you feel like having a cozy and relax evening in your room, trust the room service for your meal, you won't regret it.The VALET PARKING is just the best thing. Every hotel in Vegas offers free valet parking. But at the Strat, we were served by nice and competent employees, ready to give us information about the city or directions. It is well worth the tip.The casino is less crowded than at the other resorts, it is not smoky at all and big enough to please anyone. It is not as glamourous as the Bellagio's casino, but hey : at least you're not walking on the feet of a bunch of tourist that only came to your resort to visit it. As in many casinos, the drinks are free, as long as you're playing...We went to the Top Of The World restaurant and enjoyed a nice dinner with a splandid view of the Strip. It is a bit pricy but you expect that from a classy restaurant. Try the Duck Ravioli with the Foie Gras : it's EXCELLENT ! We also accessed to the Tower's observation deck and did the rides (BigShot and X Scream). There was no waiting for the rides and they are a thrill of a lifetime ; don't miss that.Some people say that the Strat is far from everything : that's not true. It is at the north end of the Strip, so yes, if you don't have a car you will walk a lot to get to the south end. But we kind of enjoyed being a couple blocks away from the noisy, crowded, traffic jammed mid-Strip at night time. We rented a car so it was not a problem. And even if you don't have a car, there are a couple of monorails (some free, some expensive), there is plenty of taxis and also buses... You're never out of options.In other words, is we ever go back to Vegas (which is almost certain), it is sure that we won't hesitate to book at the Stratosphere. We visited the Bellagio, the Wynn, the Mandalay Bay... They are gorgeous, but you have to manage yourself through the lobby surrounded by hundreds of tourists in their flip-flops taking pictures at every step... I wouldn't pay that much money for a luxury resort in Las Vegas. They are just TOO crowded and you won't enjoy the things you paid for. Stick to the Stratosphere, you will be pleased !	
Aug 31 2009 	Wicked couldn't ask for more!!	I spent 15 nights in the Stratosphere this month and it was brilliant. This was my second trip to Vegas and this time i wanted to be 1/2 way between the strip and Fremont and thats what i got. On my last visit i stayed in the Terribles and that was a good hotel also but was much further away from Fremont it was closer to Sams Town. The room was fantastic it was of a good size and the beds were so comfortable i found it hard to get up on a morning. The staff were friendly at the front desk and the housekeeping staff were lovely, my room was cleaned daily if i requested. The pool was brilliant as well as the topless one at the top of the hotel. Women go free woo hoo, i do not like bikini lines. But be aware of the perves that pay $10 to watch you! Ice machine was on every floor and free. Lifts were very spacious and the quickest ones i've been in. Make sure you take using your room key to the best advantage because you can get to the top of the tower to watch the rides for free, others have to pay a fee and also the gym is pretty neat.The only downfall to this hotel is where it is based for some people, you have to walk a little to get on the strip. Not that i mind this, but my feet did at the end of my trip with all of their blisters. The monorail is very good in Vegas but it's a shame that it only go's so far, if it done the full route of the duece my feet would not have suffered so bad. That is my main concern of Vegas the transport, especially the deuce(bus) it take approx one hour to get down the strip.If you go to Luckys you can even get a takeaway, which is good if you do not want to eat in. I loved the vegetable spring rolls and chips with chilli sauce. AddictiveIf i stayed in Vegas again i would stay in this hotel. The staff and my room fely like home, i didn't want to leave.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great restaurant horrible casino...	Did not stay here but my husband made dinner reservations for the restaurant &quot;Top of the World&quot; at sunset, and we went up a little early and killed time at the casino. View from restaurant was amazing, food was fine but pricey like everything else in Vegas--you pay for the view. Casino was a dump, the worst we saw in Las Vegas, dealers were incompetent and rude, smoke was much worse than other casinos. Surrounding neighborhood not good. View was worth it but not the place to hang out otherwise.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great hotel for the money a bit away from the action	The hotel was clean, staff was courteous and it felt very comfortable and safe. Breakfast buffet was great, lunch not so much. you can walk about 4 blocks to the really fun parts of the strip, but you might not want to do it late at night. Rooms were really comfortable. The pool was nice but again, nothing great. I think that there are obviously much nicer places to stay in vegas, but the cost of this for the quality was really great. We got a free trip up to the tower for all in the room. I think you can ride the 3 rides for all day for 45 dollars or so.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great for the $$$	It has been a while, but, I have stayed @ the Stratosphere twice now. It is a bit away from the other hotels, however, you can get a 24hr. bus pass for $7, that takes you the length of the strip including Freemont St. (old Vegas).If you are just using the room to sleep and shower, it's great. I wouldn't stay @ this hotel if I was goint to be spending an extended ammount of time in my room. It's clean, cheap, the pool and bar area are fun, and the staff is friendly and efficient.I also did not see many children at the Strat, which I thought was great. Vegas is about gambling, drinking, and partying. It's definately NOT a place for kids. Disney is a better choice for a family vacation.I have also stayed @ Treasure Island and am staying @ Mirage this year, but, I would not rule out the Strat for future trips due to the savings factor alone.	
Aug 27 2009 	AMAZING HOTEL GREAT VALUE	The Stratosphere is a ffantastic hotel &amp; great value due to its location just off the main strip.We got a taxi to the strip which wasn't very expensive. Rooms were huge with lovely big bathrooms &amp; great views of strip from panoramic windows. Nice big pool area with space to sunbathe.Scary rides at the top of tower, I managed 2/3, the rollercoaster that hangs over the edge was awesome!! dont think about it just do it!!!!Literally never sleeps, people sit in the casino all day &amp; all night!Did a fab helicopter trip over strip &amp; the trip to Gand Canyon is well worth the money, even though its a very early start!Overall this hotel is great value for money compared to other hotels in Vegas &amp; as you can go in every hotel anyway I would stay here again.	
Aug 26 2009 	My 30th Birthday Celebration	The room was nothing like the picture. I wasn't expecting the Ritz but the room was old and our view was of the garage. Only local channels,no real cable channels. I am so glad that we bought a Timeshare further down the strip. We will be staying there anytime we come in.	
Aug 24 2009 	Do Not Stay Here!	After reading many reviews on this website because we had never been to las vegas we decided to book 8 nights at this facillity. I can tell you I was extremely disappointed with the hotel in numberous different aspects. First off if you look at the stratospheres website it looks like a totally different place than what it acutally is. It is acutally very very far from any activitives you are going to want to do which are all located in the central area of the strip and this hotel might as well be in downtown. It is located in a very bad part of town. It costs at a min. $20.00 for a cab ride to places like the flamingo or anything central. The cabbys laughed when we mentioned the area and said that it is very bad they call it naked city because all the strippers used to lay on the roofs of the houses there but now its all run down and very bad. The hotel is very old as well and needs updating. The room was supposed to be a &quot; suite &quot; for our wedding honeymoon stay and it was FAR from a suite! Was very small, the &quot;jetted tub &quot; was pathetic, old and nasty! The A/C was probably the worst part. It is designed in such a way that it faces the wall not you!! It also is controlled by motion censors that turn it off when the air either reaches temp or there is no motion in the room. Well, at night time there is no motion and it is horrible. And when you are out all day and night and you come back to a hot room it is very frustrating. They came to the room said there was nothing they could do and that was it. The next morning after sweating all night we tried to get a room change. We explained to them it was our honeymoon and we expected a &quot; suite &quot;. They seemed ver understanding and said that would take care of it no problem, they would move us at no cost to us. They showed us a room that was GREAT! It really was a true suite. My wife loved it and started packing our bags. I went back down to finalize everything and was told it would be no problem that it would be another 150.00 for the weekdays and 300.00 a night for the weekend. I became frustrated and asked to speak to a manager. The manager just smiled at me while she continued to state that same thing as the last rep. My wife got mad and we decided to check out of the hotel right then.They seemed to not even care if we stayed there or not. We moved our wedding party to the flamingo and had a very enjoyable time. The good things about the stratosphere were the roller coasters although they were somewhat pricey, what isn't in vegas. Also, there is a 50's diner in the hotel where they sing every few minutes it's pretty neat. Anyway, I would highly recommend ponying up the extra cash to stay at a more centralized location. Enjoy!	
Aug 24 2009 	not bad but a little bit to far on the strip	we spent there 3 night in august. The price was really competitive, that's why we picked it. but pay attention as it is located far north on the strip so you'll have to take a cab or bus to get to the other well know hotels and casinos (by the way, the bus always gets stuck in the traffic so it may take 30 mins to get to the centre of the strip). our room was nice, clean and spacious. we also liked the swimming pool and there's also a free gym for the hotel guests. finally, do not use their internet stations: most of the time they do not work but charge you anyway (it happened twice to us and we had to go to the reception to get our money back). Free parking.	
Aug 23 2009 	Fantastic suite great value for money - but Las Vegas not for families	We stayed 2 nights in a Romance Spa suite (huge room and bathroom with jacuzzi) with a connecting 2 queen bedroom for our kids, on the 16th floor, for less than the price of a Holiday Inn in LA. So great value for money, and staff were efficient if not particularly friendly. Our 11 year old loved the 'extreme' rides at the top of the tower, and we saw an amazing magic show at the Sahara next door, complete with disappearing tigers.BUT!! I'd wondered whether to include Las Vegas in our fly-drive of California/Arizona (yes I know it's in Nevada, but you get the picture). I'd heard that there was more to Las Vegas than gambling, drinking and shopping. that it was now 'family friendly' - well don't believe it! To start with the hotel: you can't avoid crossing the (enormous) casino floor to get to the restaurants, the tower, the shops etc. It's smoky and seedy (grim-faced loners playing the machines with all their luggage next to them....) If the kids so much as stopped for a second to look at the roulette table as we crossed the floor to have breakfast, we were pounced on by the security guards and told to keep moving. The 'family' pool area has practically no shade, in temps over 95, and again, when we went within 10 yards of the bar to order food, we were barked at by the barman. The major Strip hotels (Forum, Circus Circus, Bellagio etc) are amazing to see. But overall, I found the extravagance depressing, and the atmosphere totally un-family friendly. I couldn't wait to leave and get to the Grand Canyon. Now there's a real wonder of the world, made by God not property developers.Conclusion: if this is the kind of thing you like, you'll love it. Just don't take your family.	
Aug 19 2009 	Fantastic room....fantastic views....get the premier suite though	the room was fantastic. The staff were friendly, given a book of vouchers. The down side was the casino was shabby in comparison to other hotels. However as we had the premier suite it was the best we stayed in in Vegas. We stayed in the Luxor, and the MGM, and our friends who stayed at the Venetian also thought the room was great, wirlpool bath, 2 televisions seating area ect. This hotel is at the end of the strip though...but the monorail is within easy reach. If you stay at the hotel you can get to go up the tower at any time free...rides at the top are a must...even if you only watch!!!!!! and go at night as well to see the Vegas lights.	
Aug 19 2009	1st time in Vegas - loved it! I'm going back	We had a family vacation with our kids in Vegas. We stayed at the Stratosphere. We had a huge room with 2 double queen beds that were very comfortable. We stayed on a higher floor (21 and up) - and there was no noise. We had the possibility of view of the Spring Range Mountains or the Vegas strip. Price was unbelievably cheap, 38$ US/night This was a great family hotel - the staff was efficient and pleasant! There's lots of interesting things for the kids to do at this hotel - they will not be bored. I will be returning at this hotel, since I had such a wonderful time in Vegas - what a great city!	
Aug 19 2009 	Excellent hotel	Excellent hotel, stayed at the Stratosphere for 8 days and loved it that much went back 2 years later for 8 days....the hotel was grand, the staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms were excellent nice and big not what I'm normally used to. I would defintley recommend this hotel, I recommended this hotel to a friend of mine and she stayed there back in June 2009, she loved it that much she has decided to go back and get married there in 2012.....	
Aug 19 2009 	Awesome hotel just a bit isolated	Arrived in Vegas for 1st time on a friday night.Staff upon arrival were unreal very friendly and helpful and we were checked and into our room in 20 minutes max.Place was buzzing.Stayed for 5 nights before going to NYNYThis hotel can not be faulted. The staff food and restraunts all wonderful esp the 50's Diner with the staff singing away. The rooms great strip view.The only problem is as this was our 1st vegas trip i found that without a car and relying on the Deuce the hotel is out of the way. This does make it conveniant to downtown which is a plus but as most of our time was spent sightseeing the strip so not too conveiniant, Apart from the location this is as good as any other hotelWe had a great time here and i would consider staying again on service and vibe of the place alone.	
Aug 18 2009 	Too far from the strip attractions.	The hotel was clean and nice. Check in was uneventful. The rooms were clean and very comfortable. The casino within the hotel left a lot to be desired however the amenities and shops were good. The location is quite a way from the main action on the strip be prepared to use public transportation or a taxi.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great value	Very inexpensive thanks to an early reservation, but they give you their least attractive rooms when you book early. We got a handicapped room with roll in shower, which wasnt very pleasant.. The room itself was good, but rather small.They have a free guest laundry room, which is nice!	
Aug 15 2009 	Great value for your money....clean hotel very comfortable beds	I prefer to stay a bit off the strip. The hotel was great for what you paid. The rooms were large, and very clean and very comfortable beds. I guess they remodelled the rooms in 2005 and 2006. The staff was quite accomodating. I booked a deluxe room and got two queen beds. The difference between the deluxe (I was on the 8th floor) and the premier room is that the premier room is on the higher floors with a view of the mountains and the strip. But if you have unlimited access to the Tower why do you need a view from your room then?The only drawback may be that you have to walk about five minutes to the monorail (which is in the Sahara Hotel). I highly recommend you take the monorail if you stay at the Stratosphere. I purchased a three day pass for $30.00 The neighbourhood itself is not that great and there are some broken beer bottles on the street and some homeless people that may or may not harass you.Although I felt a bit uneasy taking the monorail back on my own and the thought of having to walk back yourself, I did not have a single problem as a solo traveller during my stay at there. Also, the good thing is that I did not have to wait that long for the elevators (unlike the previous hotel I stayed at right at the strip). I would definitely stay at the Stratosphere again	
Aug 15 2009 	Great hotel for the price!	After reading some of the reviews for the Stratosphere, we were a bit apprehensive about staying here - especially as we got a midweek deal for $15 per room per night.Needn't have worried - rooms were roomy and clean, even though we were in the less plush &quot;Tower II&quot; part of the hotel. If you're going to be around the hotel (especially if you have kids) it's worth considering the unlimited all day buffet. If you sign up for a casino card, then you pay just under $20 for the buffet and another family member can eat at the same price. That really worked out for us!The hotel is at the far end of the strip, so you might want to catch the bus to the centre. However, all of the parking on the strip seems to be free so we just drove and parked and saved ourselves the bus fare. Stratophere Hotel was best bargain of the holiday!	
Aug 15 2009 	Can't beat it for the money	July 27th, 2009 We stayed at the stratosphere after making our reservations online. The check in was a little bumpy because we booked through hotels.com and not direct. The clerk confirming the reservations was irritated and difficult. She wanted us to pay more for non-smoking rooms together which we had confirmed before we started our trip. First night we kept hearing noise that kept waking me and the family in both rooms. The next day management comp us a free show for the whole family and got us rooms together. The rooms were roomy and very clean with really nice bedding. Slept like a King every night. The show was great and kids got pictures with the singers. The Mc Donalds on property was a bigger help than I thought it would be with returning to the hotel late after going to various shows each night. Don't forget about the pool on the 8th floor---but go early or late because the sun can be brutal in the afternoon sun. Book your rooms Sunday through Thursday and save the money.	
Aug 14 2009 	Excellent quality for a low price. Tower views are outstanding and the attractions!	We could only stay 2 days but we left very happy! You cannot skip going to the top of the tower! Views and Xtreme attractions are amazing! I will be back!	
Aug 13 2009 	Total Value	I was surprised that the hotel was so nice. The quality is comparable to a Best Western, Holiday inn, La Quinta etc. The staff were very nice (except for one problem) and when we had a problem with our room we were given a free upgrade no questions asked. Although it is out of the way, you can catch the Deuce tourist bus right outside the front door or walk 1.5 blocks to the Shara and jump on the monorail, it takes about 10 minutes to get to the busier part of the strip. ---We had a room with a jacuzzi that overlooked the living room in our suite and you could watch tv from the tub. This was a very good value - got it for 36/night.	
Aug 12 2009 	Excellent Hotel...3* price tag with 5* service...	After reading the bad reviews about this hotel, all I can say is that they must have stayed in a different Stratosphere to the one we did!! If they wanted a 5* Hotel in the middle of the strip...thats what they should have booked! We saved a substantial amount of money over the fortnight compared to the prices of the central strip hotels. It was our first time in Vegas so we had nothing to compare it to, but we couldn't fault the hotel...it is what it is...a 3 star hotel, not trying to be anything its not. From check in to check out, every staff member we spoke to was friendly, attentive and nothing was too much for them. I'm sure the tipping made a difference but you all know how it works in the hospitality industry! Our room was very clean, housekeeping were always present around the hotel throughout the day and if you left a DND sign on the door in the morning, they would leave a voicemail for you to call them when you were ready for the room to be serviced. The pool area was great, complimentary towels and always plenty of sunloungers no matter what time you went out. Fair enough there weren't any designated swimming lanes BUT...your on holiday not practising for the Olympics!! The staff were great around the pool and the food was really good. They have a great choice of restaurants, we ate in Fellini's, the food and service was perfect. We also had food in the Top of the Tower restaurant, we had lunch instead of dinner because it was half the price, the food was nice but still expensive. It's worth going there though for the experience of being in a revolving restaurant 800 feet high. We didn't have chance to eat in Roxy's because the queues were always too long..which speaks for itself! Very popular. The observation deck is free and unlimited for hotel residents, definately the best view of Vegas. The rides are not free; they are $15 for each ride. When we checked in we were given $5 free slot play each which was a nice touch and from that we won $23 between us. We watched 'American Superstars' in the hotel which is half price for hotel residents. The show was a lot of fun and great value for money at only $19.99 each. The hotel is a fair walk from the strip but its definately worth doing it at least once to take everything in. We didn't use the Monorail, just the Deuce bus service which has a stop right outside the Casino side entrance. At $7 for a 24hr access pass it is definately worth the money and we used it almost every day. We never waited longer than 15 minutes for a bus and the drivers are very entertaining to! The Fremont Experience is close to the hotel and you can get the Deuce there aswell. Only advice is to avoid the Deuce if your in a rush to get somewhere. We decided to get a cab to and from the airport so we didn't have to make any stops or changes, it cost us $40 the day we arrived because of roadworks but only $20 on the journey back to the airport. The only negative comment I can make is that we were approached a few times for spare change when we walked to the general store. As long as youre polite and stern, they just thank you for acknowledging them and leave you alone. However, this is no reflection on the hotel just the area it is in. We hope this review helps you if your planning to stay at the Stratosphere, you can still go and see all the other more expensive hotels, you just know when you put your head down after a long day...your still in Vegas and paying a lot less than everyone else for the same experience! To put the money we saved into perspective, we were able to watch David Copperfield, Jay Z, American Superstars, KA Cirque Du Soleil and go to the Grand Canyon!!!...not a bad sacrifice for staying in a 'supposedly budget' hotel ;)	
Aug 12 2009 	Well worth it for the price!!	We stayed in the stratosphere end of july/start of august. after reading reviews here i was a little sceptical as reviews concerning check in and distance from the strip worried me a bit. if you are heading there soon, you have nothing to worry about!! we checked in around 5pm and it was easy and took around 10mins to queue,be served and be in our room so no complaints there. the room was modest (we had a oversized luxury studio), but we wasnt expecting anything major so the room was a pleasant surprise (comfy bed,fridge and it was clean - its vegas, how much time are you going to spend in your room?!) the distance from the main strip is a little way, but again, its been a little exaggerated by some on here. me and my girlfriend walked to the fashion show mall virtually every morning and it took around 25mins which after a night of drinking and eating was quite nice to do! the days where we didnt fancy the walk, the sahara is5mins from the strat and the monorail is easy to use and fairly cheap ($5 per ride or $13 per day) the restaurants in the hotel were good too,we ate in fellini's twice which was very reasonable and the service was great, roxys looked good fun-we didnt eat there but there looked to be a good atmosphere and everyone in there always looked happy! the bar in the hotel casino is also very friendly/fairly cheap compared to most on the strip and if you take advantage of the 4hr happy hour then you cant fail to have fun! the rides on top of the tower are a must too, very high but well worth it ($30 dollars for a tower pass and ride passes). the 8th floor pool is lively and fun, not too cold which has been the problem in some places .as its on the 8th floor it can get very hot in the daytime up there so we tended to get there around 5 for a couple of hours but again - who goes to vegas to lay around a pool all day-thats what spains for!!we had a fantastic time there - ok, its not as plush as the bellagio and its not perfectly located, but for the ridiculously cheap price, what more can you want from a hotel in vegas?	
Aug 11 2009 	Top Of The World - Top of the Strip	Stratosphere is located at old end of town closer to Downtown, and the old end of Vegas.It is a fair hike to the high end of town but well suited for our purposes. Really enjoyed the Top Of The World restaurant for wife's birthday. The best of the rides was closed due to wind..........a gentle breeze. Pools and gymnasium very good. Rooms comfortable but a bit pricey for this end of Vegas.	
Aug 10 2009 	Beware if you come here with kids !!!!	Went to the Stratosphere in July with my family on the &quot;Breakfast Package&quot;. Booked two rooms which includes two breakfast buffets per room. Went down on the first morning only to be told that only people over 21 qualified for the included breakfast. A bit embarrasing and ended up paying again for the kids. I went through the booking process again to see if I had missed some small print but no, no mention of anything at all. It seems if you can't gamble, you can't have the food !!We were in a room on the swimming pool level. Rooms were fine, just an awful view of the multi-storey car park. To give room its due, the triple glazing meant there was no noise from the cars. Overall though, came away feeling I had the wool pulled over my eyes and had been ripped off. Not a good feeling.	
Aug 10 2009 	Will absolutely never even set foot in this hotel again	The customer service is terrible. They are rude and dismissive. I had people taken of my room, specifically telling them to change the key b/c they were not to be allowed in. I came back and hotel security had still allowed them in the room. Their defense was &quot;There was not note in the computer specifically stating they were not to be let in.&quot; If I took their name off, and changed the key, do I really need to say more for you to do your job and not allow 2 random people into my hotel?	
Aug 10 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised!	My husband and I booked the Stratosphere for a week, August 2nd-9th, for a rest and relaxation trip. We have both been to Vegas numerous times so the location was not an issue for us. We got an incredible deal through Allegiant Air which we couldn't pass up, so decided to go for it and take a chance.We arrived at the hotel at around 1:00 in the afternoon, check-in went smooth and there was not a long wait. The check-in clerk was very nice, took extra time to go over the different rooms they had available. Hubby and I decided to upgrade to a Player's Club Room which only cost us an extra $15 per day. It had a brand new mattress, new bedding, updated decor and fridge. Our room was exceptionally clean (my only real &quot;must have&quot; in a hotel). Granted the room was not overly fancy by any means, but it was spacious, comfortable and clean (can you tell I like clean rooms?) In fact the entire hotel was incredibly clean. I was always seeing staff sweeping, dusting or vacuuming. Overall the hotel itself is modern and I did not get the sense of it being run down in anyway. Of course there was some wear &amp; tear here and there but with the amount of people in and out of these mega hotels there surely would be!After getting settled we took a tour around the casino/hotel area in order to get familiar with our surroundings. It has four restaurants (Back Alley Bar and Grill, Fellini's, Roxy's Diner and Lucky's Cafe) a Starbucks and the buffet on the casino level and a McDonalds, Mexican restaurant, Ben &amp; Jerry's, Fat Tuesdays, a Weitzel's Pretzel place and Chicago Style hot dog restaurant on the upper level. Also, there is the Top of the World restaurant high up in the tower. We ate at Roxy's Diner which had excellent food, great service and decent prices. The waiters and waitresses sing 50's &amp; 60's songs which was a lot of fun! My husband acquired a new crush on Gidget, one of the waitresses at the diner. She sat next to him and sang a bit of a song while we ate! Too cute! We also ate at Lucky's Cafe which was also very good, great portion sizes, the prices weren't too bad and the food was great. We also tried the buffet one day and did the $19.99 All You Can Eat-All Day Long deal. It is a great deal that is for sure but we found that we over ate the entire day and didn't want to come home with an extra 10 pounds to lose! Overall, it was an okay buffet. The food was just so-so, however, they did have a great selection of different dishes so there is something there for everyone. We also ate at the Mexican restaurant upstairs. It was good as well, not the best mexican I have had but the prices were also decent and we received huge portions.Our main goal was to relax by the pool during the day and work on our tans. The main pool is on the 8th floor and has awesome views of the surrounding mountain ranges. We were always able to find a lounger, they have a vast amount of them surrounding the pool area. There is not a lot of shade to be found and there are only a handful of umbrellas for people to use for shade, so my advice would be to get there by 9:00 am if you want to secure an umbrella for the day. The pool area also have cabana's for rent as well. Monday-Thursday an all day rental is $50 and Friday-Sunday is $125. The cabanas were basic but they did have a mini fridge stocked with bottle water, a flat screen tv, two loungers, and free rental of the pool loungers. We did not rent a cabana because we were always able to find a quiet corner of the deck and an umbrella to use.The adult only pool is on the 25th floor. You must be 21 or older to go into that pool area because it is a European style pool (topless sunbathing). We decided to go check it out one day and we both just loved it. It became our hang out of choice! It was much quieter and had a more mature vibe to it. We especially liked it because there were no screaming kids! Pure bliss! The view from the 25th floor was amazing as well. The service was excellent as the bar tender got to know everyone at the pool because there were not very many of us. Great service by the pool attendant as well. When you arrive he asks you where you would like to sit, he takes the towels over to your seats, sets everything up for you and makes sure you are comfortable. Nice touch!The location of the hotel itself has some good points and bad points. If you are going to Vegas for your first or even second time, I would not stay here. I say this because it is at the very end of the strip and getting to the strip takes a long time. If you have the money in your budget to take a cab to and from the strip then it would be okay but if you are on a budget and will be taking The Deuce or are wanting to walk, think again. Hubby and I didn't mind it at all, grabbing The Deuce and just watching the sights as we made our way down to the strip was just fine. We have seen all the hotels and been to the majority of the attractions, so we were in no rush to be anywhere at any given time. The good thing about being at that end of the strip is you are sort of half way between the strip and Fremont Street, so catching the bus to either area was really easy and convenient. You are also over half way to one of the outlet malls as well, which was a very short bus ride from the hotel itself. One other thing we noticed was that because we were way off the strip, we could walk out of our hotel and walk down to the convenience store to grab munchies and alcohol without being stuck in massive crowds walking up/down the strip. It was a quiet area and everything we needed was right there - internet cafe, convenience stores, bus stops, Denny's, IHOP etc...very handy!!In the end, we both had a great time and achieved what we wanted from the vacation. We would not hesitate to stay at The Stratosphere again. The value for your money is there!	
Aug 10 2009 	Great deal for a nice hotel	I was impressed by the price, 3 nights for under $200. The gaming floor was quite nice, with a nice selection of games, tables, and such. The food choices weren't bad, not as good as some of the primary strip hotels, but still decent. Room was very nice, I requested a high floor and was given one on the 21st floor with a view of downtown LV. Staff was very friendly, and check in was quite quick.The location is a little ways from the main strip area, but I didn't mind the walk (about 10-15 mins). The view from the top of the tower is a must see! Pools were nice, always had great music pumping out. Only thing I didn't like was lack of free wireless internet. But overall, a great experience!	
Aug 10 2009	Good and nice hotel	Good and nice hotel to stay. Reasonable price! The room is awesome but the swimming pool is not cool. I do prefer the swimming pools which have separate lines. It is easier to swim. Another point is that the swimming pool does not have a ceiling. It is an outdoor swimming pool and located on the 8th floor. It is extremely hot in the afternoon (till 7pm!!). There is another swimming pool located on the top floor. This swimming pool allows women to half naked and men have to pay $10 (as to see what they want to see, I guess lol). The hotel is not right in the city CBD so it is quite tiring to discover if travellers prefer to have a walk.	
Aug 9 2009 	Too far away from centre of the strip	Choose this hotel on price. Upgraded to a suite after a poor hotel in LA. Room was good, clean spacious, huge bathroom. The entrance of the hotel though is old and looking grubby. Also found that the hotel is to far from the action of the strip. Would have been better off staying in amore central hotle on the strip.	
Aug 9 2009 	What you save in dollars you make up for in footsteps.	The Stratosphere is a great hotel, not shabby and not too high class that it drives the price through the roof. The Strat is much cheaper than a lot of it's counter parts mainly due to its location. It is about two blocks north of the rest of the strip. It is very close to Fremont Street, which is an older part of the town definitely worth checking out. If you would like tips and tricks for surviving Las Vegas for a first-timer, learn from my mistakes and read this:http://lostinreviews.com/2009/07/tips-for-vegas/	
Aug 8 2009 	Wonderful Time at the Stratosphere	After reading some of the previous reviews, I was a bit worried about staying at the Stratosphere and went in with very low expectations. However I must say I really enjoyed my stay at the Stratosphere. Upon arrival we were told that there were no more non smoking rooms with a king size bed which we had booked. This was quickly resolved we were given a free upgrade to the 23rd floor which had a wonderful view. The rooms are a bit dated which I knew going in. However housekeeping did a wonderful job and the rooms were very clean. The food at the various restaurants were good but I really enjoyed the $20 all day buffet. The food selections were very good. The trip to the tower (which is included in the price) was very good and gave a breathtaking view of las vegas. The only thing which I did not like was the hotel was a little far from the main action on the strip, however the $7 all day deuce bus pass was well worth the price. However based on value for money I would difenately stay here again.	
Aug 7 2009 	Very nice hotel excellent service and the tower and rides are great!!	We took a four day/three night trip to Vegas and chose the Stratosphere because of the ride attractions and excellent value. The employees of this resort are friendly and helpful, the casino and rooms are clean, and all rules are strictly enforced. We toured several other casino/resorts in the strip, and although several are more luxorious, none can touch the value for the dollar, not to mention the amazing views from atop the tower. The rides are , in a word, sick!! Worth every penny!! I plan on going back next year!	
Aug 7 2009 	Worth Staying here just for the trip up the tower	The view from atop the Strat is magnificent, and if you plan to see it, consider a stay here. At $16 per person to go to the top, that's $32 for a couple, and our room, with taxes, cost us $37 (yes, Vegas is begging people to come right now). Unlimited trips to the top are included with your hotel stay. (As regards the 4 star rating, I view ratings as within a price category, that is, value for the money. Actually, at the bargain price offered, I should probably give the Strat a 5, but somehow that seems excessive. It is, simply, a nice enough place that is currently a terrific bargain.)The accommodations are nice: A clean, refurbished room, attractively decorated, comfortable Serta mattress, large, comfortable bath tub. The hotel pool is plenty nice enough, though not special or memorable. Not sure I'd stay here for more than two nights (because of its location), but it's a bargain right now if you plan to go up the tower. And if you are braver than I am, you have your choice of 3 rides up there. Enjoy!	
Aug 6 2009 	Crazy rides on top of the world	It's a long walk to the others hotels on the strip. totally take the bus; its cheap and fast	
Aug 5 2009 	Our stay was perfect!!!	I must admit I was a little worried about staying here because of the location but my mind was put to rest when we pulled into the parking garage and security was patrolling the area on bikes (and keep in mind there were about 5-6 of them and at 3am). We checked in rather late at 3 in the morning and waited in line about 15 minutes. The girl at check in was so nice. She was very apologetic about our wait (which compared to The Flamingo we checked out of was nothing). She gave us a coupon book to use around the casino. It is a great coupon book and we used a lot of the coupons in it including a coupon for free admission to the top of the tower (which was amazing by the way). We ate at several restaurants including the diner, which was fun and Top of the World (a must try). We stayed in a suite one night and a standard room another night. Both rooms were clean, in good condition, and quiet. There was always someone cleaning and people actually smile and greet you here as opposed to some other hotels we have stayed at in Las Vegas. The beds are comfortable and the linens are a clean, crisp white. The showers are hot and have good water pressure. The other thing we enjoyed about this hotel was that it has a very convenient lay out. There are many things for families to do here including a large swimming pool, small arcade and amusement park rides at the top of the tower. I highly recommend The Stratosphere. We will be back.	
Aug 4 2009 	they lost my reservation!!!!	it was the worst stayed ever!! first they lost my reservation, then when we got into the room, it smelled like throwup and even had a big wet spot on the floor, so we had to change room, then in the other room, the bathroom wasnt clean!! and on the last night there, the TV shut off and wouldnt turn back on!!!	
Aug 3 2009 	KEEP ALL VALUABLES SAFE	Stayed in stratosphere for 2 weeks and on 3rd last night got pick pocketed in casino, my wallet was in my trouser pocket with all my money &amp; credit cards. The staff weren,t very helpful the security wouldnt check the security cameras to see who took it because i knew where and when it was taken. Went to the hotel manager and he was just as bad wouldn't let me use the phone or internet as i had no way of paying for them. I think it was a disgrace how i was treated in a foreign country with no money and offered no help. Wouldnt recommend anyone stay here as im sure it could easily happen again and by the way the rooms have no safes thats why i had all my money on me	
Aug 3 2009 	Incredible value for money	I guess this is one of the best value-for-money hotels you can find on this globe. Full service, clean, access to the tower, great view from the room for an incredible price. Would definitely come again. The location is not that superb (a bit far from the main action), but we managed one night to walk up and down the whole strip. Otherwise we used the Las Vegas Monorail, leaving from the nearby Sahara station.	
Aug 2 2009 	great hotel in a not so great location	My daughter and I went to las vegas for a concert, and booked a room at the stratosphere for four nights for a special of 28.00 a night including the resort fee. Our room was nice and clean, and the beds were comfortable. The bathroom was small, but it was clean, so I really didn't care. Housekeeping was superb, so no problem there. There was an old stain on the carpet near the phone, and scratches on the window, but it didn't really bother me. I wasn't too crazy about the neighborhood though. The hotel is located at the furthest end of the strip, so you can be walking down the street with tourists, mixed in with crazy folks. All in all, I was pleased with my stay, but may try to stay in the heart of the strip next time.	
Aug 1 2009 	I got ROBBED not 500 feet from the fron tdoor	Not a great start to this visit. When we arrived to check in ( at the time we were told to when booking the room ) and our room wasn't ready. The guy at check in was very nice so not too big of a deal. We wasted an hour or so and finally were able to check in. Once we got to our room we were very disappointed. The room was nothing as described during the booking process. The room was very small, smelled bad, and the view sucks. Not to mention the disgusting stain my wife found as she turned back the covers on the bed, don't wan to even think about where that stain came from... I called the front desk to complain and was told I would have to come down and speak to a manager, which I did. The manager took care of the issue and put us in a suite that closer resembled the room description given during the booking process. SO everything is &quot;all good&quot; right....Not for long...I decided to walk to the circle K for cigarettes and on the way back was bombarded by guys trying to sell fake drugs to tourists...After politley denying all these guys a guy comes up to bum a smoke, which he saw me purchase and as I pulled them from my pocket $40 fell outta my poket and faster than I could even blink this black guy came out of nowhere and grabbed the money and ran like he was running from the police. I tried to chase him, but he went to a dark alley, and let's face it $40 just isn't worth my life. Will I return to Vegas, you bet....Will I return to the Stratosphere? HELL NO!!!Stay away from this side of the strip, very bad vibes, very shady people everywhere...Do not let money fall out of your pocket, you will get ROBBED!!! Lesson learned!	
Jul 30 2009 	Great Hotel For The Money Nice Casino and Nice Rooms.	First let me start by saying this was my sencond stay at Stratosphere but I visit the casino here on every trip. Check In was easy and room is always clean and well furnished. The rooms are not large but your average hotel room. Casino has a large variety of games and slots. Including my favorite Elvis .25cent (PLAY ELVIS). Casino is know for having loose slots. I would say that in general my luck here is better than most on the strip. Casino has a nice food court as well as a few restaurants. I have only tried JJ Rockets but thats a good time as the wait staff sings to you.The TOWER is definetely worth a trip. You can spend as much time as you want on the observation deck and there is The Tallest Starbucks in the world on top. Not to mention the three rides on top which are all fun.Drink service is pretty good usually dont have to wait long for a drink in the casino. Only complaint would be the PLAYERS CLUB personel. They are like zombies with absolutely NO PERSONALITY. Also dont get swayed into believing therir coupon book is worth 150 dollars in comps as a reason to stay here. They are filled with junk for the most part. If you can get past the rude players club people then your stay should be pleasant.LOCATION. Im not bothered by the location here because last time I was attending a tradeshow at the convention center and Stratosphere is pretty close to that. Not to mention between downtown and main part of strip. Better rent a car if you stay here though coz TAXI's will be expensive. Dont bother walking to the strip coz the walk is LONG and full of construction areas with broken sidewalks.	
Jul 30 2009 	So-So hotel	Being a executive for the goverment I was hoping to find a piece of luxury at this hotel. All i found was smoke and an icy pool. The furniture in the hotel was old, outdated, and worn. It was about an hour walk to the center strip!!! All in all don't stay at this hotel stay at the encore or the wynn.	
Jul 29 2009 	This for the price of a motel 8. Wow.	Pros:-Not &quot;Dirty Vegas&quot; hotel. The rooms were spotless and new-Great restaurant in the tower with both amazing food and view, I highly recommend it.-More free drinks are served there then when we played at the other casinos Cons:-What room/view you get will be a gamble when it is crowded-It is at the far end of the strip, but this could almost be a pro. If you use the Deuce, which has a stop outside the hotel, it costs $15 for one 3 day pass. And often the bus drove right by crowds waiting at buss stops closer to mid-strip because of overcrowdingI would absolutely advise staying here	
Jul 29 2009 	Good choice on the Strip	Stratosphere hotel is a very, very good choice if you want to have a budget accomodation, but still be on the Strip. It was very cheap (30$/night), the Deuce station is in front on the hotel, Monorail station is only 1 block away, and if want to walk it takes about then 10 minutes to the center of the Strip- Wynn,Venetian, TI,Mirage...Room was pretty big, bed OK, well worth the money. Big plus is a Str.tower- with the best view on the Strip. Free for guests! Some excellent thrill rides on the top. Try The Big Shot!	
Jul 27 2009 	Best bed I've ever slept in	My sister and I stayed here for 2 nights. We arrived here after a horrible experience in Boulder City, NV. First, we loved that we could find the hotel easily as it was the biggest thing on the strip. Took awhile to check it but once we parked and got to our room, it was wonderful. I am convinced these beds were by far the most comforatable beds we have ever slept in! We also paid almost nothing for these rooms. One night was $55 and I believe the other was around $35. Not bad for Vegas. I will definately stay here again.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great hotel	Loved this hotel, large but well kept. Rooms were kept very clean but one downside, no fridge, there was an ice machine near our room but would be much better if there was a fridge. Room had an iron and ironing board which was good too. No tea/coffee making facilities so make sure you take your own. Bed really nice and comfy, excellent bed linen.The hotel itself is a little bit away from the main strip but it didnt bother us at all, the view was not that pleasant either but, we werent there for the view.All in all a nice hotel. Internet extremely expensive.	
Jul 25 2009 	Stratosphere Hotel	The hotel part of the stratosphere was the best for me. The room was really good value and was decently laid out. I'm not a gambler so wasn't interested in the casino. The bar was OK. There are good views from the pool bars, one of which guys have to pay $10 because its a topless bar. The overall value was fantastic and the archituecture of the Stratosphere hotel was really cool, thats the reason I chose to stay there.Would definitely stay there again. Its right at the top end of the strip and is a little bit of a walk to where the majority of hotels and casinos are located.	
Jul 24 2009 	Exceeded our expectations!!!!	We booked into this hotel for intially 6 nights (we ended up staying 13 nights)!12th-25th July.We had read the reviews and were very sceptical about the hotel. Having read the reviews we were worried especially after we had just done a cruise for a week. (we are on a round the world trip at the end) so we feel we are quite the experts when it comes to reviewing hotels!!!The room we had was lovely.21st floor. Huge, 2 queen beds clean and well maintained every day with fresh towels etc etc. No smoke smells and it was spotless. Only small window but great view of the mountains. No complaints at all and far better than we had read on trip advisor.The pool on the 8th floor is excellant and has a huge sunbathing area with loads of sunbeds. We love the sun so this was perfect for us. It doesnt get too busy (it was too hot!) the service is good from the bar staff. Our biggest complaint is the loud music played everyday and repeated everyday too. We dont mind music but not the same songs day in day out and blasting in your ear all day. Perhaps they could have a quiet 3 hours in the afternoon so it pleases everyone!?? This seems to be a regular complaint by all on trip advisor. Come on Stratosphere time to act on your guests feedback!!!!There is also an adults only pool on the 25th floor but we didnt use that it looked too crowded in for us.The restaurant buffet that is $19.99 all day is excellant in our opinion. There was a huge variety everyday and if you cant find something you like there is something wrong!! Considering the prices to eat on the strip this was a bargain and offered healthy food instead of burgers and fries. They do have that too tho in Roxy's diner!The casino was huge and not smokey in our opinion as reported. We dont smoke and didnt notice any problems with this.We went up the tower several times as it was free. Best views up there and to top it all when you get your tickets to go up the tower you get some good vouchers to use for e.g 2 for 1 on cocktails at C bar in the casino. Or buy one draft beer get one free in back alley bar. They all add up to saving money. Plus the voucher booklet they give you on check in is good too. Dont ignore it! The rides had to be seen to be believed!There is an adequate gym in the shopping area. I gather it has been moved from the pool area. Well airconditioned and has towels and water.Yes the hotel is at the end of the strip but that is well highlighted by the reviews and website so it shouldnt be a shock to anyone booking this hotel! it just means a short walk to the Sahara to catch the monroail or the bus runs up and down the strip for 3 dollars each. The monorail is 5 dollars one way so can work out quite expensive. We walked the strip more often than not as you see more.We saw the hotel show American Superstars and Michael Jackson was fantastic. Very strange to see him and then meet him. Excellant double moves and looks wise.The area next to the hotel is a little dodgy but that is no different to anywhere in the world and as always you need to stay on your guard and be observant. There are lots of homeless asking you for money but all the ones we encountered were very polite.The launderette on the 6th floor is great and good that it is free but gets busy and in all honesty for the size of the hotel there should be 2 or 3 of them. Especially when washers break down, although mainetenance were very good and got the company in to sort them out.Internet is $11.99 for 24 hours which is steep in my opinion but we needed it.The hotel does get busier at weekends and there are more queues everywhere but that is to be expected. Talking of queues we had no problems checking in at all. There were 8 staff checking in and they were excellant and helpful.All in all we have had a fantastic time here as it was our first visit to vegas and the Stratosphere was everything we wanted. Dont be put off by the other reviews just book the hotel and keep an open mind. We did and we are very pleased with outcome.Thankyou Stratosphere!!!!!	
Jul 23 2009 	A great place to stay.	It would be nice to be closer to the middle of the Strip, but with a rental car, that wasn't too big of a deal. We loved the views from the tower, eating our anniversary dinner at Top of the World at sunset.	
Jul 23 2009	Where time doesn't matter...	The Stratopshere is a nice, clean, good value for money hotel. Many complain about the location but I personally thought it was a great location. Although it's the Northern most hotel on the Strip, it is only a 5 minute walk to the Sahara where you can catch the monorail to the main part of the Strip. And then when you fancy going downtown to Fremont Street (a must) it is only a short taxi or bus journey. Overall the service was ok, it varied from place to place within the hotel. The check in staff were nice and polite and helpful. Room service were quick and also polite. The staff in the gift shops were very helpful and always had a smile for you. The only two minor irks were a couple of waitresses in Lucky's were rather rude and the drinks ladies that come and bring you drinks when you're gambling were few and far between.The beds were made most days and clean towels were provided. We were in Tower 2 and had great views of the mountains, especially beautiful when the sun was going down. Most of our time during the day was spent lazing by the huge pool on the 8th floor. There were plenty of beds and a bar for when thirsty.During the evenings we ate at one of the restaurants in the hotel. Lucky's was nice, great selection of food, but as I said before, the service wasn't always up to scratch. Also, if you are in a party of more than 8 they automatically add 18% tip to the final bill, which is fine if you receive good service, which in some cases we did not! So we tended to split into groups of 6 and tip according to the service recieved as it was hit and miss. We also ate in the 50s style Roxy's Diner. It was always very busy as the service was excellent, the entertainment was good fun and the food was great. There was also the shops on the retail floor where you could pick up McDonalds, pizza, Mexican and all other kinds of take away. We never went hungry!The casino was ok, plenty of machines and tables to choose from. Played every day and never really won much but never really lost much either. The C-bar was nice to chill out in away from the machines if you just fancy a drink. The tower was brilliant. Amazing views. Plus it's free to go up there if you are staying in the hotel. I recommend going up there during the early evening and watching the sun gradually slip behind the mountains and at night when the Strip and downtown are lit up. Beautiful! We also went to see the American Superstars show, half price as we were staying at the hotel. It was good, Rod Stewart and Christina Aguilera had pulled out the night we went so a couple of the performers we didn't really know but Michael Jackson and Elvis more than made up for it.The rides at the top of the tower are fun, although I just watched, was too chicken to actually go on them! But you can go out onto the observation deck and stand in a lovely warm breeze while everyone else gets scared half to death.I would definitely go back to the Stratosphere. The location is great, it's good value for money and for the most part the service is good.	
Jul 23 2009 	Average stay Bad Location	After staying at the MGM Grand for 2 nights this was a little disappointing.It is quite a long way up the strip so took a while to get to places.The room was very small and we were given 2 beds rather than the 1 requested.The bathroom was very small and the hand bason was outside in the bedroom.The pool area is very average and we much prefered the MGM grand river pool.I would pay the extra money to stay elsewhere	
Jul 22 2009 	Great rates and rooms	My mother, niece, wife and I stayed here for a week in March and loved it. This is the second time we have stayed there and would highly recommend it to others. The cheap rates really helped cut the cost of our trip, meaning we could see and do more. The girls LOVED the spa! The location is great if you are renting a car to see other areas beside the strip. We'll be going back to this hotel for sure.	
Jul 22 2009 	brilliant!	I visited Vegas in August 2007 with my mum and dad for my 16th birthday and I can overall say it is a brilliant hotel. The service was great, everyone was really friendly. The beds were huge and so comfy and our room looked right down the strip which was amazing! I definitely recommend Roxys Diner, we went there for a meal on the day of my 16th and the waiter spotted my 'Birthday Girl' badge and i was later dragged up in front of everyone else in the restaurant and sang 'you're sixteen, you're beautiful and you're mine' to me, so that made my birthday even more amazing. The view from the observation deck is stunning, Vegas is such a beautiful place at night time. It may be far up the strip but there's a bus stop just 2 mins away. I'm going back to Vegas again this August and staying at the MGM purely because we want to try another hotel but i very much recommend the Stratosphere!	
Jul 21 2009 	GREAT CASINO GOOD FOOD GREAT SERVICE CLEAN ROOMS	Hi, I research every single place that I have ever stayed and actually didnt with this one so im leaving my review for others. I went here with my partner he been to veags 15 times (i was a firtst timer) he never stayed at the strato tho either. So, we walked in, great casino area checked in, tower room smoking clean and great value for a hotel in vegas ( cuase really when do you sit in the hotel anyways) the sink are was small tho, shower was great, but bathroom small as well. The double queen beds filled with pillows, never seen cleaning lady but had do no disturb sign the whole time, but had towels when needed. I belive the italian restaurant felini's WAS GREAT best service, great food, not overpriced. oh and the caffee on other end was great for brekfast. cheap too. not too many people during the week, but weekends was filled with lots of babies and parents. hard to get on tables in the weekend. far location, but rent a car, taxi is not overpriced either. all in all for 6 nights flight and hotel costing me 800.00 I was THRILLED and would stay here again. ANYTIME! oh p.s they have two ppools one topless on the roof, and one inside. I didnt attend either, lol but pics are great!	
Jul 20 2009 	Good rooms and service but the revolving hotel is the worst.	We got an upgraded room and the room was very good. Best hotel for what you spend. There is a fridge and 2 TV's. But be prepared to stand in long queue to check in to the hotel.There will be lots of counters to check in but maximum of 5 people will help you in checking in but they are very slow. Room services are very good here.One thing I didn't like in this hotel is the Revolving hotel. Their service is very bad. There was one photographer in that hotel and her attitude and expressions are very bad. And the food is very expensive. But rememebr not to share your food. Because they will charge you $8.00 extra per person. And remember that they will watch you. Instead of sharing you can order another dish. This is the worst thing in this hotel. Rest all is fine.	
Jul 20 2009 	Excellent value poor location	I have stayed twice before in Vegas in more expensive hotels, so I was hugely surprised about the value of this very inexpensive hotel. We stayed for three nights and except for the closure of the pool the first day (and the rather noisy prostitute next door the second (and third) night) everything was very near to perfect.Only small issue is the location. We had a car, so it wasn't a big issue, but a location closer to the main part of the strip would have been preferable. But what can you expect for only 40$/night?	
Jul 20 2009 	great hotel	this hotel has great rooms very clean the pool area is great. pool and jacuzzi are good size. good pool bar there are pleanty of sunbeds the hotel is on the strip but right at the very end so the loaction isnt the best. the shows in the hotel were good and well priced i would stay at this hotel again freindly staff good pool area and great rooms make up for not the best lolcation.	
Jul 18 2009 	I love the Stratosphere	My girlfriend and I have stayed at the Stratosphere twice, and we loved it both times. The first time we stayed we did not know what to expect, it was our first time in Vegas, and the employees of the hotel made our stay very enjoyable. The second time we stayed we both knew pretty much what to expect, and the hotel didn't let us down one bit. I will agree that it is far from everything on the strip, but you can buy a 24 hour pass from the duece (double decker bus) for $7.00 per person and you can access anyplace on the strip at any time. As far as being full all of the time this is not true, and yes it may get crowded, but that is everyplace in Vegas. I also like the fact that once I get to the airport, I no longer have to deal with my luggage until I get to my room at the hotel. I find a shuttle that is going to the Stratosphere, hire it to take me and my girlfriend and they take the luggage load it up, and once we get to the hotel the bell hop takes over. They give me a tag and when we get to our room all we have to do is make a call to the bell desk and they bring up our luggage. If you decide to stay at the Stratosphere get a players club card, I can not stress this enough. With this card you will get free yes free game play, free shows, and free food. You can also get your room for free, the second time we went, I didn't have to pay for the room at all because of my players club card. I am now waiting for my next offer, and I was told it would be a better offer (such as flight included). The shows are great and the food even better. The only thing I can say is that I will be back, and I will be staying at the stratosphere again.	
Jul 15 2009 	Clean quiet a/c unit........but beige and bland	We stopped at the Stratosphere for 3 nights with our teenagers. Quick check-in was good, although we'd requested 2 rooms, one with a king bed and the other with 2 queens but they could only give us both rooms with 2 queens so was a bit disappointed there. Good sized rooms but no refrigerator and the ice machine on our floor was broken for our stay, meaning a short hop up to the next floor and back down (or vice-versa). Very reasonable room rates but charge for wireless internet was an absolute rip-off. The views of the strip were great. However, the view from the top of the tower/lounge/restaurant was breathtaking......we just went for cocktails but next time I'll book a meal in the Top of the World Restaurant with the revolving floor - I know it hasn't got a good review food-wise but that view will be more than worth it. We booked the 'Bite' show which was quite good and different from what I was expecting. The bar has a $10 minimum on the poker machines for free drinks, but the drinks were strong so not bad value really. Roxy's Diner @ the Stratosphere is good fun - bit on the expensive side but good for snacks, drinks and staff karaoke. The buffet in the Stratosphere (I think it's called Plate) is excellent value, especially for breakfast - just remember to take your room card with some ID too or they won't let you in. I found the location to be ok, the deuce pass is quite good value and the stop isn't far from the hotel so you can hotel-hop for 24 hours all for $7- not bad at all.	
Jul 15 2009 	OK just a bit busy	The good: location (everything within walking distance ;-), nice panorama, friendly staff. The room was alright, although the bathroom could have been a bit larger.The bad: don't go there if you want to have a relaxing evening. Remember, it's Las Vegas and so it is quite busy there.	
Jul 14 2009 	Excellent Gaming!!!	I stayed at the Stratosphere for a 3 night stay this July. I initially booked a Premier Tower room, but once I checked in, I asked about an ugrade to a Suite. I ended up getting an Executive Suite for a total of $200 more for all 3 nights. Altogether, the move was worth it as the Suite offered better strip views and such comfortable space to relax in the room. The only drawback was that it came with a King size bed (ok for couples) and a pull-out sofa bed. Between my buddy and I, that worked and we each had our own bed. Our room was in the Premier Tower on the 24th floor (top floor), located nearby the Private Pool on the 25th floor. he housekeeping was superb (Irene) and she made sure our place was always clean and new bed sheets.The gaming was excellent. The tables were always at $5 (most, if not all) and the Pit Bosses were so friendly, always encouraging to drinks and joining the Ultimate Rewards program that the hotel offers. What I specifically enjoyed were the people visiting and gambling there. There were many folks that are avid Startosphere gamblers/visitors. They seem to like staying there and gambling there. After my strip, I did too. I plan on returning later this year...	
Jul 14 2009 	Hotel is Fine Location is terrible	When I booked this hotel it was through a flight/hotel package on Expedia and I was looking for price over location. That turned out to be a bad idea. The hotel is perfectly serviceable. There was nothing wrong with the room and I enjoyed the casino. It is just so far down the strip that you have to take cabs everywhere. It is nowhere near any public transportation, at least not close enough so that I'd want to walk. I'd recommend staying at either Flamingo or TI, both centrally located and reasonably priced. Cabs there are also so expensive you're just better off paying $50-$100 more total for the hotel b/c you'll spend at least that in cabs.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great Family Value	We spent 4 days here with my two teen age children just prior to our wedding at the Bellagio. For the last 2 days we were joined by the &quot;Mom's&quot; (my mom and my soon to be mother in law). It was a great place for our needs-the kids loved the tower and the thrill rides, the McDonalds and the pizza place on the shopping level were big hits and even the mom's enjoyed the view from the indoor observation deck. We had a rental car and parking was easy. I definately recommend the Premier Tower rooms-access to the garage is quick, Starbucks is right at the elevators, and also access to the shopping level is easy. The best part was you don't have to walk across the casino every time you come and go. We have stayed in both towers and the Premier is definately better. Our room was clean and the staff was good at keeping it that way, despite 2 messy teenagers and their exploding suitcases. The pool area was great, although the really loud holiday weekend dj was a little bit much. We were always able to get lounge chairs and it was never too crowded. Again, getting there from the Premier tower is super quick-just an elevator ride to the 8th floor. Our room was nicely decorated with 2 queen beds and a decent sized bathroom-roomy enough for the 4 of us to all be there at the same time and not fall over each other. (again, much larger than the World Tower rooms). The rooms have been remodeled and look it. We had a view of the jumbo tron on the front of the building, the thrill rides above and a bit of the pool area. We ate at Roxys and Luckys and also frequented the Starbicks in the casino, where service is super fast. The kids really enjoyed Freemont Street. We also visited Red Rock Canyon, which I highly recommend. We want to go back in either the fall or early spring when the weather is more conducive to hiking. There's a new visitor center opening at Red Rock in the fall of 2009. We also ate at the nearby Tiffany's Diner, which was great, cheap and easy to get to. The White Cross Drugstore (Where the diner is located) sells very reasonable supplies-tooth paste, post cards, shampoo, even alcohol. We bought a styrofoam cooler for $2 to keep bottled water and drinks in our room. It worked out really well. Overall, the Stratosphere is a great value for families. We will go back with the kids again.	
Jul 10 2009 	ok for price - location not good	Stayed 3 nights in a premier non-smoking room (and the room smelled of smoke!). Very spacious room with 2 queen beds and spacious bathroom. V clean.Location is not good as you are at the very far end of the strip away from everything. There is a bus that goes up the strip but it is extremely slow and takes an eternity to travel up the strip. There is also a monorail which is a 10min walk from the stratosphere but I didn't get this.The pool was good BUT they play music there the whole day and it is really loud so reading or listening to your ipod is nigh impossible. This was pretty annoying.Buffet in hotel is good.Overall, this hotel was really cheap and good value if you don't mind having a bit of a trek to get to the main part of the strip. If I went back, I'd pay more and stay closer to the strip.	
Jul 7 2009	Good value... but I'll look elsewhere first	The rooms and the hotel in general were very clean. The tower was amazing--easily the best view of the strip. The location has its pluses and minuses. It is definitely too far to walk to the main strip, but if you rent a car and you plan on getting out and about quite a bit, the location is great due to easy highway access and no strip congestion. The people... eh... not so good. They were not rude, but they could have been more helpful. If I ever go back, I will avoid the &quot;World II Tower&quot; at all costs. I don't think I will stay in that thing if they try to drag me up to the room. The elevators to the tower were terrible and, everyday, during peak periods, I was stuck waiting forever and then riding in a packed elevator. Awful. Also, the room had no view... literally. The view out the window was of a wall about two feet outside the window. The pools were shallow, but nice and not overly crowded. And the parking was great... very convenient and only a short walk to the inside of the hotel.The price was quite good, but with the price, we got what we paid for too. Next time, I will definitely pony up the extra $10 per night to stay elsewhere, but this was still a good deal.	
Jul 6 2009 	Ok for the price we paid	We were quoted a rate but upon check in they tried to tell us we needed to pay more even though we had paperwork with us. It took a a lot of our time to get them to straighten it out and had to call in the manager who was not too friendly. We still ended up having to pay more than the agreed upon rate. But with my daughter getting married the next day I did not have the energy to argue about the discrepancy. I was not about to let his arrogant attitude ruin my day and ended up just walking away and joining my family members who were staying at a different hotel.The room was ok, no frills..I could not get an internet connection in my room. It was clean and had a lot of room in it. We enjoyed the pool area and discounted ride tickets. Except for the billing error and management attitude,it was a nice stay.	
Jul 5 2009 	PICK ANOTHER HOTEL	We were very disappointed with the hotel. The good thing was the price of the room and the buffet deals but everything else was a big mess. There was no minibar or fridge in the room even we paid extra for the upgrade. The swimming pool area's music is so loud that impossible to be there. The room service menu is not good and very expensive. The cleaning was horrible, no soup, broken old towels and couple days no cleaning at all. The room was very dusty also. The location is the worst of all. We spent lots of money for the taxi to go to the main Strip area every day. I recommend you to book a hotel in the main Strip area even it is more expensive but you get what you pay for and you will experience the real Vegas life where everybody else is.	
Jul 4 2009 	Unbelievably good for the price	I booked my stay here on wotif.com for the bargain basement price of US$40 for a Saturday night, one night stay. I did get charged the resort fee on arrival, which I think was $8 - but in the grand scheme of things, this still made my stay affordable at under US$50.I arrived just before midnight so check-in was very quick. Parking was easy in the self park and not as far away as some other casinos. I arrived and drove straight down to catch the last Fremont St Experience show of the night, this was good - a very laid back vibe (the bar at Golden Nugget looked like fun). As it was quite late I found food options limited (true of everywhere in Vegas though) and ended up getting McDonalds.I stayed in a standard room (didn't pay extra for the premium tower), and I thought room was very good. 2 queen beds which were very comfortable. Room was on the far side of casino and seviced by seperate elevators, just FYI as this wasn't a problem for me.Everything was clean and worked, bathroom also (hairdryer provided).I breifly went to the pool (adults only) on level 25, not particualrly fancy but good for some sunshine and relaxation. They did play rather loud music though which, at 10am, was a little much. This pool is optional topless (men have to pay an entry fee), there is another pool on level 8 for families.Stratosphere is located right at the North end of The Strip, if you're aware of this you can plan accordingly - I stayed one night here, and spent it at Fremont St - then spent 2 nights in the centre of the Strip. This way of breaking up your time in Vegas is udeful in cutting taxi/bus costs and walking time. My stay was absolutely fine, no problems at all.	
Jun 30 2009 	Not bad.... better last time.	This was my second time at the Stratosphere, and both times the Housekeeping staff were top notch. Last time the room was perfect, this time was a little too dark/cave like with one tiny window for my taste- I imagine that was because this time reservations were set thru Expedia rather than thru their own reservations system, but considering the cost, I really can't complain. Oh, and the beds were suprisingly comfortable!The distance from the Strip is a bit of a pain, but hey, again, for the price that's o.k.... Exercise never hurt anybody!	
Jun 30 2009 	another level of holiday	this hotel is 2 1/2 miles from the center of the strip(main action)the main strip is 41/2 miles long.we used daily ticket mono rail,cheap, bit of a chew. still a lot of walking, to do. can try bus but always full.taxis not cheap what ever any one says.we would not recomend walking to this hotel,it too long a walk.you WILL be pestered by tramps as you leave main strip,,just politly walk on.....once in the hotel its very big,easy to get lost inside.the lift to the roof (and very scary rides) costs $9 just to look,it might be worth it once,.........we got free tickets to shows from shop owners but you must be a bit cheeky and ask,ask. i found the free shows in the hotels great, get a time table of free shows and attractions and walk in.....the hotels are mainly the same beds ,food ect,so try and get central. good luck	
Jun 29 2009 	Not worth it	Maybe we just got the worst room at the place, but we were really disappointed. Weird room layout, bathroom was incredibly small, water from the sink smelled so horrid that we used bottled water to brush our teeth. Front desk staff wasn't very friendly. We weren't happy about the mandatory sky deck fee per night, we only used it once! I'm usually the type of person to give up some conveniences for a good deal, but this was just too much. Would not stay there again.	
Jun 27 2009	Great stay at the Stratosphere Hotel - highly recommended !	We 2 stayed at the Stratosphere this last Tuesday and Wednesday nights, after having booked the deluxe room ($30/night) just last Sunday morning on travelocity. Just before that I had read a review on this webpage about an armed robbery at the Circus Circus Annex (motel-style buildings behind the CC towers). I had to cancel my existing reservation at the CC Annex. The Stratosphere is a really nice place; our room on the 11th floor in the Premier tower was clean and elegant. The 2 beds were set up higher than normal (a plus for us taller people) and the comfort level for sleeping on these beds was top-notch. The pool on the 8th floor was clean and refreshingly cool. We were there at 8 AM,quiet and not crowded, but the sun was already high and intense...over 100 degrees. Hotel check-in and check-out was a breeze, the staff there were pleasant and helpful.We enjoyed several buffet meals there, at 25% off for adult hotel guests. You can have the all-day buffet special at $20. Now I read the recent review stating the $5.99 breakfast special at Lucky's (?) Restaurant - wish I had known that earlier. At any rate the buffet had a good selection of all kinds of food items. The only letdown was that the pineapple chunks in the fruitbowl tasted not the freshest. The northbound bus stop along the Strip is easily visible from the hotel entrance,but the southbound bus stop is kinda hidden, you need to walk north about 200 feet to get to it. Not a big issue. It is advised to get the RTC bus system pass. We each had the 3-day pass at $15 each. (otherwise, one trip on the Strip bus will cost $3 for adult) Stratosphere hotel guests have unlimited access to the 2 levels (one is open air) of the Tower observation deck at 108 &amp; 109th floors. Access until 1 AM. Shops on the 2nd floor were interesting...the area had a Parisian/Eiffel Tower atmosphere. We watched the light/music show at the Fremont Street Experience, and enjoyedthe (Yesterday band) Beatles concert (lots of songs from 1963 to about 1967) there, too. Refreshing rain on Wednesday afternoon. Visited the Atomic Testing Museum, etc.	
Jun 27 2009 	Somewhere else next time.	I new to TripAdvisor, why I am late on writing this: My age 50. Wife and I did not go on a package. Just picked air plane and hotel and booked it ourseleves.My first trip to Las Vegas(July 2006). I heard all the stories about cheap food, rooms, and ect. I picked Stratoshpere due to lowest price on the strip. It's the first hotel on the strip. The room was just a plain room one price during the week and went up on the weekend. Arrived and stood in long line for 30 min waiting to check in. Got to desk and they could not find my reservation, I insited they look again still no find. They tried to blow me off and a manager came over found nothing. I pulled out the internet receipt and they got me a room. No sorry, no comp of anything. Went to room just a plain hotel room. To me the price I paid was equal to any same room through out most of the USA. We paid for everymeal there although we had their card and played the majority of our money in thier hotel. I would order a drink while playing video black jack and it was common the waitress would rarely come back. Their night club was totally empty except 2 groups of a total of about 11 people on a Friday night. I found the front desk people useless.The waitress missing.When asking questions to the staff about the hotel I received short rude answers as if they don't have time to help me.There buffet often was behind in haveing all their items. I was just a simple buffet not near as good as a Golden Coral and more expensive that a Golden Coral. Also theirbreakfast buffet long lines waiting for eggs to order they used 1 cook who would often wander off for stuff. Many people would just leave the line and find something else. Again let me repeat Golden Corral is way better and cheaper. (I do not know if a Golden Corral is in Las Vegas, for this I used N.C. and midWest as a $ comparison). They do not care what so ever about you.In short; Stratosphere really turned me off to Las Vegas, below are some spots that showed the opposite of Stratoshpere. I plan to try old towne this year 2009. I will try Boyd Vacations Hawaii this year and seeLet me say some good... unfortunately it will be other places.Bellogio: Played slots and got plenty of free drinks quickly.Bellogio: Best steak I ever ate and the waiter was awesome in service and politeness.Calf: Front desk very helpfull when I was looking to move out of Stratosphere.Freemont: Played here and again plenty of free drinks.Old towne Crispy Creme Donuts. While munching donuts the manager came out we engaged him in conversation and he sat with us and gave wife and I friendly advice to enjoy Las Vegas.I going to give Vegas another try but thanks to the Hotel Stratosphere it took me from 2006 now 2009 to want to go back.	
Jun 27 2009 	Excellent Value For Money!	We stayed at the Stratosphere at the beginning of June this year and found it to be quite a pleasant stay. Our room was very clean and tidy and excellent value for money. Staff were very nice and helpful. We ate at Lucky's (24 hour cafe), food was tasty and plentiful, my partner just loved the &quot;all day breakfast&quot; for $5.99!! We had a meal at Roxy's Dinner, brilliant atmosphere with great music. We went to see the show with the different stars, two tickets for the price of one, what a bargain!! Lots of good slots and tables. Gym was free, which is a bonus as many hotels actually charge. Yes, the hotel is quite away from the strip, but to be honest we caught the monorail and found this quite reasonable and we were able to nip up and down the strip. &quot;Fremont Street&quot; is a must if you visit Vegas, although very different from the strip, the live music and atmosphere is great!! We enjoyed our stay and would have stayed with them for the full 10 days that we were in Vegas, but unfortunately we found the pool area far too noisy, I agree that Vegas is a 24 hour city, but flying from London UK (13 hours in total) sometimes you just want to rest by the pool! Unfortunately the pool area was blasted with R n B music, don't get me wrong, I love the music, but not when I'm trying to rest!! Shame really....anyway I would recommend this hotel. If you plan to go to Vegas, have fun, we did and fingers crossed we will return next year!!	
Jun 26 2009 	Great Fun All the Ammentities of a 5 star hotel for alot less money	The Stratosphere was alot of fun...Plenty of shopping at their mall in the hotel...Plenty of restaurants to choose from and alot of games and slots to play at this casino for less money....We stayed in a Spa Suite with a strip view for what it would cost to get a basic room at a higher end hotel...We loved it...Rooms are modern...I even got to see their cheapest room available and it was roomy and very modern.... The pool on the 8th floor was hugh and a nice setting with poolside bar and eatery with plenty of lounge chairs to relax under the sun.....The Tower with the rides is awesome and would have to say most people visiting Vegas come to see the tower...While you stay here you get to go up for free as much as you would like while others have to pay..Great views, shops, bar and restaurant at top of the tower....All in all...great place to stay with all the ammentities of a 5 star hotel for alot LOT less....	
Jun 25 2009 	Overall Great Value	We arrived about an hour before normal check in time and found almost no line. Within 2 minutes we were at the desk. They let us go ahead and check in even though we were early. We got to our room which was in the Premiere tower and it was nice; certainly nothing to complain about. It was cleaned every day as expected. The Casino wasn't as smoke filled as I'd feared so that was definitely a plus. The Stratosphere is a little north of the rest of the strip but it's only a two block walk to the Sahara where there's a monorail station that can take you up and down the strip. There's also a bus stop there if you'd prefer to go that route. The only real negatives we experienced were at two of the restaurants there. Lucky's Cafe had bad service and bad food. Roxy's Diner had good food, but the service wasn't any good at all. One of the days we decided to try their all day buffet for $19.99. That turned out to be a pretty good deal as you can go back as many times as you like all day long. Overall it was definitely a good experience and we got an amazing deal on the room.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great time @ the Stratosphere	My husband and I stayed at the Stratoshpere Feb of 09! We had a great time. The check in line was very long and took longer then at a normal hotel. It didn't damper our spirits though. The hotel was very clean and the staff was very curtious. There was a bar in the center as well as a fabulous bar/diner at the stop!! It rotated as you ate so you a 360 view of the city!!! There were also rides at the top which were far to &quot;scary&quot; for us. but the view and the photo ops we got were fabulous... Vegas lights as far as your eyes could see like an ocean of lights.... The food was great, drinks were great. Very Romantic setting..	
Jun 24 2009 	Shockingly GREAT!!	I gotta admit with a few reviews... I booked this hotel for 7 days, I was contemplating canceling my reservations because of all the NEGATIVE reviews given about this hotel, but as the title goes... I was &quot;SHOCKINGLY SURPRISED&quot;. There were alot of good things I liked and alot of things I feel you should know so you no get all ANGER for no reason. JUS REMEMBER IF YOU GOING ON VACATION JUS RELAX... NO SENCE GET ALL NUTS. Ha ha haHEADS-UP: * Parking is quite a Journey to the Front Desk* Front Desk lines are KILLER. Be prepared to stand in line for about 30-45 minutes to check-in and check-out. * Make sure if you didnt book with the hotel direct that when at the FD Counter leave a CC imprint so you no need stand in line again if later during your trip you decide to get room service and or movies etc. NO WORRY U GOING CHANGE YOUR MIND ABOUT IT. TRUST ME CAUSE WHEN U HUNGRY AFTER PARTYING YOU GOING NEED FOR ORDER ROOM SERVICE.* The surronding area at night is safe. Like anywhere you are unfamiliar with, Stay in a group, no group - TAXI that bad boy. APPRECIATED: * Free Parking (Mostly Free Parking at all hotels)* Room decor was nice, seems recently renovated* My room was cleaned DAILY thank you NORA nice ladie* Free Admission to the Tower* Jetted Tub was soothing and relaxingDISLIKED:* Late check out fee of $30 and we were standing in line for an hour before we realized it was 1pm and just used the express check-out* The AC only cools to 68 and felt like 80 most of the time* The Front Desk Clerks Attitudes. It felt as if I was bothering them when I checked in. No eye contact nothing.* NO REFRIGERATOR (wouldve Appreciated it to keep bottle water cool); had to go to the Ice Machine multiple times a day.But all in all our 7 day stay was great. We werent in the room all day, but while there it was comfortable enough.	
Jun 22 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	I wasn't expecting much from the Stratoshpere because it was so cheap, but I must say I was pleasantly surprised. The room was very nice. The casino and restaurants were nice. It was definitely worth it. The pool was not too good, though, because the water was cold and kids are not allowed in the jacuzzi. And drinks were EXPENSIVE. But otherwise, it was a nice stay.	
Jun 22 2009	average(vegas standards)cleanfriendly	didn't know what to expect after reading some of the reviews left by other travellers but have to say that overall the Stratosphere was fine. downsides - only one - our room wasn't made up even though we checked in during the early hours of the morning following a long flight from UK.........this was very frustrating!upsides - cheap to stay at, clean, friendly, good buffet $19.99 all day, nice swimming pool with waitress service at your sun bed, happy hour 4pm-8pm in the C bar, rooms spacious and clean, views ok.location - lots of negative reviews on location, particularly in that an average trip to the strip was $15 however we were greatful in one sense that we could taxi back to the Stratosphere to escape the hustle &amp; bustle of other hotels on the strip.	
Jun 21 2009 	probably one of the best value for money hotels in the world!	where else can you stay in an international quality hotel for us$25 per night???was even cheaper than all the backpacker hostels in vegas. is right on the strip at one end. buses travel up and down the strip every 5 mins stopping right outside the hotel. costs 3bucks each way or 7 bucks for 24hrs. free laundry on 6th floor was a bonus.	
Jun 19 2009 	Once was enough for me	Went there on a tuesday but it seemed like a friday. The check-in was long but the desk clerk was very friendly. I smoke but was told to not take a smoking room because they smell very bad. Clerk even said so. She gave us a nice room with view of pool and some other casinos but the room was at the end of long hallway. I had to walk a long way to go smoke. They don't have coffee makers so you have to walk to restaurant to buy coffee or casino floor to get it from waitresses.Thought the bed was very comfy and overall the hotel was ok. Nothing to write home to Mom about.	
Jun 18 2009 	Good Value	We stayed here 2 nights. Our room rate was $26/night plus an extra $7.50/night resort fee. This rate was for a room with 2 beds on the 19th floor, not overlooking the strip. The room was a standard hotel room -- nothing special. However, the rate included access for 4 of us to go to the observation deck in the tower. I think they regularly charge $11pp or more for access to the tower. We went to the observation deck after dark and it was a fantastic view of the whole city. The hotel location is not within walking distance to the heart of the strip. But we had a car and found free parking 1 block from the MGM Grand and walked the strip from there.	
Jun 18 2009 	Did not like Resort Fee	We got in late and was surprised how long the check in lines were at 10pm, but this is Vegas after all and planes arrive pretty late.Beware that there is a resort fee of $7.50, so although the base rate is quite good, you must remember to add the additional fee on top of it.When we checked in, my daughter who was exhausted went to sleep, but I wanted a bite to eat. Surprisingly all but one of the places close at 11pm. This is Vegas and they are closing at 11? I ordered the hamsteak special and it was very tasty, just wish there were more options. Also, since it is so far north, it would have been difficult to go anywhere as walking can be problematic.The beds were pretty hard, but the room was clean. As a frequent Vegas traveller, I forgot why I had not stayed there recently, now I remember why.	
Jun 16 2009 	probably wouldn't recommend to a friend	We booked the Stratosphere only beacuse it was $26/night and we were on a budget. I think next time I'll cough up a little more money to stay somewhere else. Watch out for the Tahiti Village time share people in the casino. They lure you in by just being friendly and then they won't let you go. My advice is to just ignore them and keep walking. Also beware of paper thin walls. It wasn't really bad, but it could have been. The people next to us were pretty quiet, but we could hear everything they were saying. oh and its like $10-11 to go up in the tower and $12 for 24 hrs of wifi. So, all in all, the Stratosphere was just average.	
Jun 16 2009 	Never Again!	We just returned home from a three night stay at the Stratosphere Hotel. We checked in late on Monday and were in a room that was less than what we paid for. We were suppose to have a room with a view of the strip, but we had a view of a parking garage. The room was far from what I would call clean. There were cards, candy wrappers, dust galore under the bed and the couch had enough garbage and change in it to fill half a trash can. The location was a little far from everything. We did find the bus system to downtown very easy and we really enjoyed our trip to Hoover Dam. If and when we return to Vegas, the Stratosphere will not be on our list of hotels to stay at.	
Jun 16 2009 	Good value hotel fantastic view of Las Vegas	My husband and I stayed at the Stratosphere for 2 nights and enjoyed our stay. The staff were o.k, but waiting in line was a bit of a hassle especially after a very long journey. The room was a little warn, but o.k. The best thing about the stratosphere was the view! especially from the tower, something you must do while visiting Las Vegas!	
Jun 15 2009 	Decent Motel	We stayed one night. It was a Friday night. Probably the biggest downfall was the distance from parking to our room and the waiting time for an elevator every time we needed to use it. We arrived pretty late and wanted to stay another night but they wanted to charge us 216.00 for the second night when the first night was 72.00. The only real issue with the room is that we requested nonsmoking but it smelled like smoke really bad. The bathtub was very nice. It was big and deep. There are a lot of things inside the hotel so you don't have to leave to eat or for entertainment. So over all there was good and bad.	
Jun 12 2009 	OK hotel	I paid $24 for a mid week stay. What a deal. Of course you get what you pay for. I rate this hotel a 3 star.	
Jun 11 2009 	great value hotel	I stayed at the Stratosphere a few years ago in December. For the price it was great value. We had a huge room with a great few. Note: it isn't in the heart of The Strip so prepared for a short walk. If you do go, make sure you go to IHOP for breakfast!!	
Jun 11 2009 	Good but not excellent...less attractive casino	We stayed for 3nights. We got the room thru priceline bid @ $60 per night. The room was clean but the pattern was just like a motel room. i did not like this room. The bathroom was so small and dark. Any kind of smell from bathroom was easily spread through out the room. Bathtub was and wash basin (which was out side the bathroom) had some water logging problem.. within a minute the wash basin becomes full with water. Bed, room lights, air condition, TV etc were in good condition.Breakfast was expensive but prompt and enough for 2 people. Hotel staffs and checkin staffs all are very good. Parking has enough space.The casino was not so impressive in comparison to other famous casinos on the strip. But good to play, casino staffs are good and prompt.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Hotel	We really enjoyed our stay at Stratosphere. Rooms were good. Hotel and casino are also very good. The tower pass is free for guests staying in the hotel. And enjoyed the mexican food at the hotel.	
Jun 10 2009 	What's wrong with people	We returned yesterday from our second trip to Las Vegas. The first time we stayed in the heart of the strip. After a week at the Stratosphere I will never stay anywhere else but there again. The rooms were cleaner than anywhere we have ever stayed and I might add that we have traveled extensively for more than 40 years all over the world. The entire staff was fantastic and really seemed to care. We tried several casinos this time and last and the Stratosphere paid more often than any of the others. And I might add that the room rate was something like we experienced back in the 60s.	
Jun 8 2009 	Nice place to stay but not to play..........	As always, we had a great stay here at the Stratosphere Hotel &amp; Casino during our two stays here in May. We arrived mid May for several week tour of the west by rental car, and this was the first leg of our journey. At the end of our several week trip, we stayed here again before flying home. The first room we had was ok, nice, clean, comfy, but the a/c in the room was this tiny 12 inch by 12 inch vent or smaller......in the wall that took forever to try to cool you down, and it only goes down to 68 degrees (and trust me it never reached that low whatsoever). I didn't sleep well that night, it was hot and stuffy in the room and having allergies/sinus just made it even worse. In playing the slots, we had lost our money quickly as the slots are definitely not loose like they were when we stayed here last summer. They were just eating up the money in a heartbeat!! So we opted to do other things in town and enjoy the Strip by bus. The staff here at the hotel is really super, they really go out of their way and are genuinely friendly kind people. They always are! Our room was nice, although the second room we had, which we used our points from our players club card to upgrade to a nicer room (and the air did work much better I must say!) the room was a little in need of some room cleaning tlc with some mold in the bathroom in several places including the tub/shower. We ate at the diner inside the hotel just outside of the casino area, the service was slow and the food was ok, nothing fancy. It was the diner that's styled like the 50's, I can't think of the name of it right now. Locally we caught the Deuce bus (24 hr. pass is only $7 per person!) right outside the hotel, down away a bit from the cab area at the posted bus stop sign. It was a long ride uptown at night, but worth the savings. If you're in a hurry take a cab, the bus stops at every other hotel it seems and if you don't have the time or patience, this is not for you! We had great service from all the bell personnel we met, from check in (FAST!!!) to checkout!!! Great people to greet you and take care of your luggage, and they were fast bringing it up even when they were really busy the second time we visited. All in all I would stay here again as I have before, but always upgrade the room for the comfort of better air conditioning. Thanks to everyone for making our stay nice here at the Stratosphere Hotel !!!	
Jun 8 2009 	Awesome strip hotel w/attractions	I took my boyfriend here for the weekend for his birthday and we had the best expereince ever and we frequent Vegas a lot. First off the hotel deal we got (under $100 total w/tax-1nite) was unbelievable to be on the Strip w/strip view. I highly recommend signing up to get email deals as u save a lot verses booking directly through hotel or travelocity or somewhere. The service everywhere was amazing, we were on a budget so we went to the cafe in the hotel that stays open 24-hrs and the waiters were so awesome and outgoing and friendly, food was amazing too for under $50 total for 2 w/tip. You absoultely having to go on all 3rides there (cheaper doing all three/verses individually) they are def an adrenaline rush. Lastely we opted to celebrate birthday just at the bar in the hotel verses club which actually turned out better, we like the one its a circle lounge right by front enterance of hotel, with couches and plasma tv's, they had a live DJ who totally rocked gave my boyfriend a shout out and played whatever music we wanted so we had our club right there. Then pool on 8th floor was great-topless pool on 25th floor if u r daring, had great drinks and drink specials, food was AWESOME, and we played water volleyball w/other guests and the same DJ was there on the 1 &amp; 2's. Even Valet &amp; bellsmen were great! WE HAD A BLAST!!! CAN'T WAIT TO GO BK THERE!!!	
Jun 8 2009 	Great value -- great service!	I read about so many horror stories in these Vegas reviews that I was on edge about my own experience! I definitely shouldn't have been!Within 25 minutes of arriving at the Stratosphere, we were checked into our room and it was EXACTLY what they'd promised us - a premier room with a view of the strip. My only negative experience (and it was great for my health) was all the walking. Because the Stratosphere is so offset from the hot spot of the strip, we ended up taking quite a few taxis, and it wasn't all that expensive. All in all, we had a great stay!	
Jun 6 2009 	What a great bargain!!	Loved the stay and the rooms had all new funishings, new carpet and can't beat the 24 hour breakfast offer at Lucky's for $5.99. We went to some of the higher end hotels and received no drinks while gaming. At Stratosphere, we were waited on immediately and the atmosphere was very friendly and not stuffy. We went to Bellagio and Treasure Island and received no drinks at all and very stuffy hotels. I would stay here again for the bargains. We skipped on the duece bus although for $7 all day was really worth it, but we had a rental car and just used valet for everything. The beds were very comfortable and easy access to everything. Loved the food court as well open 24 hours on the 2nd floor. The hotel also had a DJ in the evenings which was very cool compared to some of the other ones that seemed flat and boring.	
Jun 5 2009 	Poor location made up for by good value	Stayed here for one night as part of a busy trip to the west coast. Check-in was fast and the staff were friendly, had an argument with one of the bell boys after i made it clear i wasn't going to tip him for carrying my bag 12ft but i would tip the guy who brought the bags to our room.Car park was large with plenty of space, the rooms are clean and had enough space for 3 big guys! We didn't sample the casino or the food but there were plenty of options. The tower was impressive and we went up several times. Just give your room number and show the card at the desk and get free tickets!The biggest problem with the hotel was its location, the area isn't fantastic and late at night even as 3 big guys we had to keep an eye out for trouble. The monorail stop is a maybe 5 minutes walk away and within 10 minutes you're right at the heart of the strip.During our trip we also stayed at the MGM Signature and while the Stratosphere doesn't even come close i'd be happy to stay here again for a quick and cheap visit to Vegas.	
Jun 4 2009 	Very diapointing	When I booked this trip, I knew the Stratosphere was one of the older hotels and I expected to find it slightly outdated and possibly even shabby in a of couple ways; What I am trying to say is that I had modest expectations given the age, location, and price of the hotel. What I did not expect was a hotel room that looked more like it belonged in a flea bag freeway motel rather than on the Las Vegas strip. There were no pictures/art on the wall, but plenty of nail holes, the ceiling in the bathroom was stained with rust, the sink was mega old school and not mounted to a cabinet unit but rather freely to the wall with a tiny, tiny shelf next to it for your things which did not even fit a normal sized cosmetics bag let alone three as there were three of us travelling, the sink was loose from the wall, the walls were paper thin and we could hear everything above, below and beside, and, to top it all off, the room smelled like an ashtray even though there was a 'non-smoking' placard on the door. Even the smoker in our group was put off by the smell. It was one of our group's first time to Vegas and I was so embarassed having been the one who picked the hotel. Considering the cost of the taxi cabs to get to the rest of the strip, any other strip hotel would have been better and probably ended up being cheaper!	
Jun 4 2009 	Best Of The Budget Hotels	just returned from a week long stay at the strat, and have to say, it is by far the nicest of the budget hotels on the strip. we went to vegas for my sisters wedding and the travelling paty was split up between stratosphere, circus circus and the riviera. After seeing the other hotels accomodation, we most definatlly got the better choice. stayed in a premium king room and had an excellent view of the mountains from our room. the bed was very big and very comfortable, air conditioning worked a treat, and bathroom was huge. rooms are cleaned daily and toiletries included, also replaced daily. The pool on the 8th floor is large and spotlessly clean. plenty of sun loungers to be had, and even the drinks from pool bar are affordable. There is music played all day at the poolside, and is great if you are VERY into R&amp;B, and dont mind listening to the same CD being played constantly for a week!! The strat has a happy hour in the C bar from 4pm-8pm daily, (whoever, this only includes beer, martini and marguerita), but for a cost of $19.99 per person, its a bargain, as alcohol prices are extortionate along the whole strip ( average cost of a beer is $8.00), then add tip!!. We found the hotels buffet to be a good option for meals. an all day ticket costs $19.00, and the range of food is excellent. The strat is at the very end of the strip, which means a VERY LONG WALK to see the other attractions, or an all day bus pass costing $7.00, lasts for 24hrs, but has much needed air conditioning. Be warned tho, it takes a good hour to get the full length of the strip, due to traffic and red lights. A must is a visit to freemantle street in downtown las vegas, prepare to be amazed!. A taxi from the strat costs about $10.00. one last tip (as this whole resort is 1 huge tipping culture) , BEWARE OF AIRPORT TAXI DRIVERS.. an airport run should cost $20. on arrival to las vegas, we were charged $35 as the driver went the long way round onto strip (there is a direct route as we later found out). The strat is a bit out of the way compared to other hotels, but if you dont mind a walk, or a bus ride, it is well worth the rates charged.	
Jun 3 2009 	Decent enough hotel good value but paper thin walls!	We stayed in The Stratosphere for 4 nights and the service was fine, the staff were helpful, the rooms were clean, always made up and comfortable. My only real gripe was the noise which travelled from the room next door. The walls must be very thin as our neighbours were not always being loud but we could hear everything....literally EVERYTHING! and it did disturb my sleep on a few occasions. Some of the other casinos are more modern and glamorous than this one which may appear a bit dated and smell of stale smoke more than the others but it was cheap and suited our budget.	
Jun 3 2009 	Excellant Value for money but not the best location	My wife and I stayed at the Strat for 3 nights in April on a road trip around California/Nevada and chose it based on the incredibley cheap prices available via Expedia.Upon arrival there was minimal queing and we upgraded our room for an extra $15 a night and from reading some of the reviews, i think this was a very good move. Our room was very modern with a large comfy bed, large bathroom with whirlpool bath and good views of thr strip.The restaurants and casino within the hotel while not amzing, were still good and we enjoyed a bit of a gamble and some feasting at the buffet! The parking and valet staff was very good with a very quick turnaround.The only downside is the location. The Strat is considered to be on the Strip, however it is at the far northern end and is approx 2 miles from the likes of the Bellagio and Caesars. There is a bus available, but it is very slow and on some occasions, walking could be the quicker option! but for the price we paid for the room, we were not too put out by the location.	
Jun 3 2009 	best value for money loved it!!!	me and my partner stayed here in april 2007, this was our first trip to vegas so was unsure what to expect.... but we were very happy with what we found. hotel was clean, staff were friendly. we had a double queen room which was fantastic. the bathroom was very basic bit what more do you need. location not in centre of strip but that was nice as we could walk up the strip if we wanted on get the deuce to freemont street. the buffet restaurant was nice but we didnt find that till the end of our stay and roxys diner was so much fun to eat in. we liked it so much we are going back the in september 2009, staying at the same hotel. value for money on the strip is defiantely the stratosphere and without making compromises on standards. cant wait to go back. all that money you save on the room you can have a little flutter in the huge casino. definately worth the 10hr 45 min flight.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great rate for room on Price Line	The staff were very accomodating at this hotel. The party that booked our rooms was late because of travel difficulties but the staff allowed us to put the room on our credit card and check in early. This was appreciated because we have a 16 month old that needed a nap. They brought our crib to the room quickly as well. No complaints about the room or the staff. The burger style restuarant had good food but slow service. The hotel also had a McDonald's on the 2nd floor which was a great value. Overall experience was very positive.	
May 31 2009 	Drab room at the Strat	We got a deep discount on the Strat through e-bookers - about 30 for a room. I can only guess you get what you pay for at the Strat. The good:Central location, free entry to the tower (which would otherwise cost $16 per person). Beds comfortable enough. Parking is free, but this is probably the case with all the casinos.The bad:Low ceilings, given two small doubles rather than a single king bed, tiny dingy bathroom with basin outside the bathroom it was so small, jet engine air conditioner unit. Some stains on the carpet.The ugly:Our room was just above the funnels for the casino's air-con/kitchen etc. Very noisy and unsightly.In short - it served its purpose for a night of accommodation. If you are staying any longer serious consider upgrading or probably better - somewhere else!	
May 30 2009	Viva Las Vegas	I stayed at the Stratosphere Hotel in late September 2007 for my wedding at the Bella Luna chapel at the hotel. My husband and I had a group traveling from Maine with us, unfortunately our flight coming into Vegas was delayed for a day due to weather. We showed up the next day and the hotel still had all of our guests reservations after giving them a call that evening to let them know our parties would not be arriving until the next day. We were charged for our night that we were still in Maine in traveling limbo - but working in the industry I was familiar with hotel policies.While at the hotel we enjoyed the casino, bars, the nightclub (it had a section for each decade - the 70s, 80s &amp; 90s), the chapel, shops &amp; McDonalds was even there.Our room was clean, great standard king room with a seating area and a partition seperartion for the bedroom - which was great when everyone was getting together and we met up in my room.I have the greatest memories from my stay and wedding at the hotel - the chapel staff including the photographer were amazing. Can't wait for my return trip to Vegas to stay there again.	
May 29 2009 	What a disappointing experience! Never again!	The service was incredibly awful.The check-in line was comparable to airport screening, only slower. Apparently the very strict check-out rules do not apply to the Hotel itself at check-in,Because although we arrived at the posted 2:00 check-in time, our room was not ready until 5:00! We waited in the lobby for three hours! When I complained that my stay was now less than fourteen hours, and that I would like an extension of the checkout time as a courtesy, I was told this was not possible unless I paid a $32.00 fee.Very disatisfying.	
May 25 2009 	Good for the price	The Stratosphere is among the cheapest to stay in while visiting Las Vegas - but, as the old saying goes, you get what you pay for.Probably Stratosphere's biggest drawback is its' location. It is technically on the strip, but it is on the far northern end, with the closest casino (Sahara) being a couple of blocks away. The area between Sahara and Stratosphere can be a bit dicey at night (winos, panhandlers, hookers, etc.) so if you're older or have young kids with you, you will probably want to avoid walking around.I personally didn't have a problem with any of the local color around the Stratosphere, and found that by using the monorail (accessed at the Sahara) you can quickly and cheaply get to the southern areas of the strip. If you want to go to downtown (Fremont Street) you can catch the Deuce (public bus) at all times of day or night. The ride can be slow, but the bus itself is very safe and, at only $3, quite a bit cheaper than taking a taxi.The standard rooms aren't anything special, but for around $25 a night, I wasn't expecting the Ritz. The beds are very comfortable, and the bathrooms are kept clean. You're not likely to get much of a view, and the selection on the TV is very limited, but I come to Vegas to go out, not sit in a hotel room all day. One thing though - the maitenance department needs to improve. During a five-day stay, during two of them, my room was not cleaned even though I had put out the &quot;please make up the room&quot; placard. Used dishes, laundry, etc, would often sit in the hallway for hours at a time. Also, during an afternoon while I was in my room trying to catch a nap, a cleaning person kept running a vacuum directly outside my door, which clearly had the &quot;do not disturb&quot; placard on it.The rest of the staff was better, though. I didn't have any problems checking in - it only took about 10 minutes from getting in line to getting my room key - and checking out via the TV was a breeze.The bartenders, in particular, were very good here, recommending good places to hit, and being quick to comp drinks if you threw in a few bucks into the poker machines. The main bar, C Bar, has a happy hour where you get unlimited drinks from 4-8 PM for $20, which is a good way to get lubed up on the cheap before heading out for the night.I don't gamble much, so I can't really give too many specifics on the casino section. It is surprisingly small, though, compared to other strip casinos, and I thought the sports book looked kind of dumpy. From talking with other people staying at the Stratosphere, apparently they don't have very high payouts.The shows offered, American Superstars (celebrity impersonators) and Bite (topless vampire-themed show), seemed cheesy even by Vegas standards, so I didn't bother with them. Stratosphere's main attraction is the observation deck, which offers an awesome view of Vegas, and the thrill rides, which are extremely fun if you're not scared of heights.I would also recommend the Top of the World restaurant, but go during lunch unless you want to shell out about $100 per person. There are a few other dining options located in the little shopping mall on the second floor. Most of them are fairly nondescript, but a good way to get some good cheap eats - especially the Mexican place, where you can get a big burrito and a beer for around $8.Overall, Stratosphere isn't the best casino/hotel on the strip, but for the price, it's perfectly acceptable. It's a nice place to sleep, shower, and grab a quick bite and couple of drinks before heading out to get the &quot;real&quot; Vegas experience.	
May 24 2009 	Good value on North Strip clean and human-size hotel	After coming back for the fouth time from Stratosphere, I'd like to say i'm always surprised to read reviews like '' The worse hotel on the strip...'' First, who ever did stay at every strip hotel and rated them. It's definately not a 4 or 5 stars hotel but it's a real bargain on the Strip. No, if you don't plan to visit parks life Hoover dam, or do Canyons tours, you won't alsolutely need a car. Monorail is a few dozen yards away . PLus of this hotel: * not too big, not too small. about 2500 rooms, and a casino floor which is easy to navigate in. * good selection of inexpensive restaurants on site* u can go for free in the tower * large pool with plenty or chair . Lot of space between chairs, which is not the case at Mirage for example. *Fair selection of slots machines *Hotel guests are more on a casual dress code than other expensives options on the strip Cons: *at night, the area between Stratosphere and sahara is a little bit scary . The should send more police there to monitore drug dealers or other bad stuff like this... *strong cigarette smoke odor , mostly on casino floor*exept dining at the Top, option for dinner are not very fancy ( Buffet, some casual restaurants) * the removed self check-in machines which were very useful when waiting lines are long. Had to wait about 30 minutes ,even with a late evening arrival ( 11h30 PM) *make sure to ask for Premium tower beside regency Tower as their rooms are nicer and ask for superior floors Overall, it's a good base to explore Strip, visit some attractions nearby and you still have money to play in Casino or see shows .	
May 24 2009 	Good value for money.	The location is quite far, if you choose to stay here you should have car.The room in the new building is good and clean and good value for money. Check in/ out service is fast, no need to wait and que up.They also give us a fun book that was a great deal.You can visit the stratosphere tower free in daytime. The breakfast buffet is O.K.The hotel also has a adult pool ( women enter free)We don't spend so much time in the hotel, so we don't mind about the service. It's good value for money! Just stay in day time and go-out for show,dining etc on the strip at night and save you many bucks..it worths!	
May 23 2009 	Once again another good stay...	I stayed here last year from Sept 29 to Oct 2, 2008, in their promotions, although the rooms were much better, paying just $ 26.55/night plus taxes, i got pictures about the improvements they have made, i am not sure if its all the rooms, but the new bedding is much better than last years...the only thing lacking really is the location, other than that, its another good stay at the stratosphere, of course if you wanna go where MGM Hotel, NY NY Hotel, and others are located then take the &quot;Deuce&quot; the bus that goes up and down the strip 24 hours a day, (double decker bus) they did raise the prices up from $5/24 hours to $7/24 hours and that starts the moment you purchase the pass, so if you bought it at 1pm today, it expires at 1pm tomorrow, of course you gotta have the exact change, another option which i took this year was the 3 day pass which sells the pass at only $ 15.00 comes out to 5 bucks a day which was the old price, buy it online, or at Vending Machines located only at a FEW locations....	
May 22 2009 	2nd stay - Amazing value for $33 per night	Yes its not the bellagio, but at $33 cant argue. No problem with housekeeping, clean every day. The stratosphere business model seems to be pile them in cheap and make money on the buffet and casino. Overcame not being in the centre of action by hiring a car for our stay which allowed us to hop all over vegas. With each casino having a free garage we turned a slight negative into a big positive. If you stay here without a car and move around alot like we did expect to pay in taxi fees which if you have payed higher room rates just doesnt add up.We were on a 3 week vacation and used the cheap laundry facilities. Dont bother either the washing machine or detergent offerred is rubbish. I suspect the Stratosphere is like Marmite. You love it or hate it!	
May 21 2009 	Gross hotel - the worst on the strip!	This hotel is gross, outdated and has the worst service. If you stay here cause it is cheap, it would be better to stay in your car. The managers are rude. The service is slow. The rooms are horrible!	
May 21 2009 	Lazy housekeeping staff. Stay here if you don't mind a dirty room.	Arrived after midnight to the longest check in line I've encountered (and I've travelled a lot!). Waited 30 minutes to be assisted by a gentleman that spoke basic, broken English. We had a lot of trouble understanding him. In the end the information he provided us with told us what he meant to say! The room was large enough, with a spa bath.On the second day of our trip, we arrived back to our room at 8pm prior to going out for the evening to find that our room had not been cleaned. We rang housekeeping and were told it would be done before midnight. Arrived back and it had been cleaned around 10pm. Third day, same problem. Rang and was told the same thing. Arrived back at 10pm again to a still uncleaned room. Made a complain to the front desk to be told it had not been reported to housekeeping and that there was a note on our account that we had the &quot;Do not Disturb&quot; sign on the door. As we had left at 8am that morning for the day we certainly did not put the sign on the door. Housekeeping finally arrived at approx. 11pm. On the very last night of our stay, I requested a blanket. I rang six (yes, that's right, six) times to request it over the period of the day. Again, I made a complaint to the front desk where it was met with little concern from them.Also, note that the hotel is at the end of the Strip. To get to the main areas it is a 30 min walk, or you can catch the Deuce bus (if you can fit on) and it will probably take the same amount of time but at least you are in air conditioned comfort!	
May 20 2009 	Great deal with plenty to do but poor location	I've stayed at 18 hotels in Las Vegas, and this one is better than average.I really like the Stratosphere. I think that going to the top, looking at the view of the city, and watching the crazy people ride those rides up there is the best thing to do in Las Vegas. I live in Vegas, and it's a must-see for my out-of-town visitors. If you stay here, you get unlimited free passes to the top (usually $15). They also have good shows, like American Superstars (imitators of various singers) and the adult topless vampire-themed bite. The pool has recently been refurbished. I'm anxious to see it, because when I was there, it was nice (on the 8th floor). There is also an adult-only pool on like the 30th floor, and access to the gym is free.The buffet is a better deal than most on the strip, at $17.All of this is very important, because even though the Stratosphere is technically on the strip, it's far from the action, and in a questionable part of town, at that. You can obviously take the bus or a cab to the main part of the strip, but it's a far walk, and you might not feel comfortable doing that.But for how much they charge, and as much as they have to do there, it's definitely worth staying there.	
May 19 2009 	Ummm a not so good exp.	I had a nice stay at the place. The hotel is great and so is the casino. However i did not find the place to be great value for money. I think there are better places at Vegas	
May 16 2009 	Far enough away but close enough to the action	We got this hotel deal for a steal. 3 people in a delux room for 54 (ish) each.check in was simple, we did try the &quot;bribe&quot; at check in, she took the $50 and gave us NOTHING more than we had booked already. was worth a try!i read quiet a few reviews and was expecting it to be in a hell hole of a area, but we found this not to be the case. The casino was fun won a lot, but lost alot too. the drinks service was fantastic i could not fault the girls coming round one little bit, as long as you gave a dollar tip you would soon be asked AGAIN within 5-10 mins, maybe this was down to our british accents? who care's we made it pay! hats off to the girls!we did little more than drink and gamble while in vegas for our first trip and i found this hotel spot on. only a short cab ride / monorail ride away from the action in the middle of the strip but far enough away to escape it for a few hours. we will be coming back to vegas again and i wouldnt think twice about booking this hotel again.anybody having second thoughts as to this hotel. calm down, dont worry.I am glad we didnt stop in the middle of the strip because its too in your face you need a little time to recover, and you could be tempted to over do it knowing your only 5-10 minute walk away to get changed and then your back out again, this could be a bad thing, ha.all in all us lads from castleford had a fantastic time even though hatton lost.Vegas...............You ROCK!	
May 14 2009 	Never stay there again	FIRST OF ALL, I Booked online expecting a jacuzzi suite facing the strip. But what I got was a small basic room overlooking the lovely parking garage. While gambling in the Casino we got 2 drinks in a 2 hour period.. with extremely rude waitresses who we had to flag down just to get service. We had no way of cooling our room down to make it even comfortable enough to sleep. This was a terrible experience and I would not stay there again.THE BUDGET CAR RENTAL PERSON WAS AWSOME! DINING WAS FANTASTIC.	
May 14 2009 	Better then expected	I have not stayed in the Stratosphere hotel in quite a while and I quite enjoyed it. They had provided a room in their newer tower and it was better than last time since it has been remodeled. The bathrooms could of used a upgrade since they looked much older than the room itself, but overall still a good place to stay just on the price of the room alone.	
May 12 2009 	Nice clean super-cheap rooms	Everything you would expect from a casino on the strip. Stopping over in Las Vegas for the night, the Stratosphere had some great deals in April. The room was nice, well furnished. The only downside is the fact that it is at the very end of the strip, pretty far from everything else to see in Vegas. There is a shuttle down the strip (which we did not try), but it could be a pain to get to restaurants or other casinos if that is what you are looking for. Only other downside is that the pool closed so early (7:00pm)	
May 12 2009 	Gloriously Valued	We met up with our friends in Vegas. They were staying at The Stratosphere. We got to spend a few nights with them. The hotel itself is really pretty. I love the fact that you can see it when you're driving into Vegas. The beds were ultra comfortable. The prices are what blew our minds. About $45 per night. Everyone was very friendly at the hotel. The pools are great too. The Stratosphere even has a house DJ. Unlimited drinks for $19.99 at C-Bar from 4-8 is a steal too, if you're a drinker. It's a busy weekend-revolving casino. The only downsides that we had when we stayed there were the distance from the Strip and also the air didn't seem to work very well. It got pretty hot. Overall, I would recommend a stay at the beautiful Stratosphere.	
May 11 2009 	average hotel	We stayed 4 nights in Stratosphere and it's the only hotel that didn't upgrade honeymooners from all hotels we stayed in our honeymoon. The hotel is on the beginning of the strip, amazing view from the tower - highly recommended for both day &amp; night - but rather then that, it's average. No such defference for higher floors, cheap room will do its job, nice buffet, nice pool, very close stores for cheap drinks and snacks, nice staff and slow service. I would defenetly choose next time better hotel.	
May 10 2009 	Great Value Great Tower Great Beds Great Food!	Title says it all......Stayed here at the end April 2009 on the cheapy deal $26 plus $7 resort fee per night. Had a rental car, so location and free parking were not a problem. Room on World 1 Tower level 5 had no view but our price included tower admission. Room had been tastefully redone and the beds were soo comfortable!! Food was a great deal at $19.99 for all you can eat all day.	
May 9 2009 	Still Impressed!	This review is long overdue . . . however with many recent stays to Vegas and reviewing other hotels we've ventured into along the way I would to do some good for Stratosphere Hotel and Casino.My hubby and I have stayed twice at Stratosphere. I was very hesitant the 1st time because #1 being location and #2 being not so great reviews! I have never been more impressed with a hotel. Yes the location is definately the downfall but you know what . . . it's Vegas plan to walk and wait no matter where you stay. And you have the option of the Deuce.The hotel was very clean, service was great . . . although when arriving we heard people screaming at the employees at the front desk about issues but our stay was wonderful. We had issues getting into a room but not a biggie . . . they actually put us up in suite for the inconvience. Comfortable clean rooms!. Loved the pool area and even ventured up to the European pool as well for awhile to sunbathe. Had a blast at the Stratosphere. Food prices reasonable with gift shops and a McDonalds on the 2nd floor as well. You can purchase your own alcohol and snacks, ect. That was nice and convienent. Didn't mind the location at all.Loved it so much we booked again in December for Xmas and stayed in a Romance suite. Loved the HUGE jacuzzi with the french doors. Beautiful view, wonderful experience. Never has the Stratosphere disappointed us. We haven't stayed in a few years now. We stayed at the Mirage for our Honeymoon and all we could say was how we wish we would have stayed at the Stratosphere instead! Will return again . . . miss staying there.	
May 6 2009 	wonderfull	stayed at the stratosphere this past weekend and it was great.rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable.only problem wasthe tubs,they were so high and hard to get in.last resort on the strip but within walking distance to start your trekdown the strip.go up on the tower and the view is fantastic.	
May 5 2009 	Great place!	Stratosphere is a great place to stay at. Though its a little bit away from the action in the center of the strip.Liked the pool and the buffet. Dont forget to pay a visit to Top of the world for a dinner with fantastic view.Stayed here two times and i probably will go back in the future.	
May 4 2009 	A view of the LV strip that is magical	The Stratosphere gives a magnificient view of the Vegas strip. And the crazy rides on top are only for the braveheart.We got a strip view room and enjoyed the amazing night view of Vegas from the comfort of our room.The breakfast spread at their restaurant, though pricey, offers a wide variety for all tastes.Conveiently located with plenty of parking space and courteous staff.	
May 4 2009 	OK but nothing special	We stayed there in September 2008 for one night. We had a special very cheap rate during the week (30$). The room was ok but quite small for American standards. It was a bit old and the bathroom quite small as well.We had wireless internet for free which is very convenient. If you are looking for a cheap hotel and not for any luxury then it will be fine, just do not expect too much.	
May 3 2009 	great value	this was the 1st place we stayed at on our trip we were happy with all aspects of our hotel choice quality and cleanliness. we got a great deal on this hotel and wanted to stretch our dollar further. We had a hire car so found it no problem to get around. without transport it would be difficult due to distance.	
May 3 2009 	Nice rooms nice pool otherwise with kids stay elsewhere.	When I got to the hotel all the rooms were booked I got free upgrade to a 2 room suite.The suite was beautiful, the linenes fresh, nice paint, wonderful mattress, 5 star room.Now, North vegas strip is kind of away from the other hotels, most of the hotels nearby are for transients and crackheads, you do not roam around at night at the Stratos. The next morning we walked to the dennys for breakfast, stratos has a $19.99 all day buffet, pay once, eat all day all you want, great deal but we were only there for a few hours and could not comment on the food. they also have a 4-8pm happy hour, all you can drink $19.99, but I don't drink either.Nice poker room, nice and busy casino floor.Staff was beyond friendly, pool on the 8th floor is nice, lots of lounge chairs, nice towel bar.Bring a beachball they have a big net over the pool, otherwise like $10 for a &quot;rental ball&quot;.Not real family friendly like SouthPoint, Mandalay, Luxor, or Circus Circus.PS the stratos is not a hotel per say but an attraction, it has two wings that are 23 stories and I say again, nice rooms, friendly staff.	
May 1 2009 	Better deal elsewhere	For the money we should have stayed elsewhere. Our room was located in the Regency Tower. We had trouble finding the correct set of elevators and were redirected by staff several times to where they &quot;thought&quot; the elevators were. Although it was a non-smoking room it reeked of smoke and other contaminates. The room was very small, in need of renovations, and the bathroom was more like a small closet where it was difficult to open the door and get out because the toilet was located so close to the doorway. The shower nozzle was positioned approximately 4 feet above the shower tub floor, so if you are taller person, like me, you have to contort yourself for a full wash. The smell of the sulfur water was enough too make you grab your purse and not come back until you were ready to pass out to the constant hum and hissing of the AC units right outside our 2foot wide window. The hotel is on the strip but at the far, far end which requires lots of walking to get to any worth-while attraction. On the plus side, the beds were comfortable. The first time and last time I would stay here.	
Apr 30 2009 	pleasantly surprised!!	Our experience at the Statosphere was great. The Hotel was very clean and the beds were very comfortable. We had no problems checking in. From check-in to being in our rooms took about 12 min. Our rooms were in the Premier Tower, with a view overlooking downtown. We had non-smoking rooms, with close access to the pool on the 8 floor. With the weather being in the high 20's, it was great relaxing by the pool. The staff was very friendly, and more than willing to help. Food was also fine. For the price we paid, you just can't go wrong. Remember people this is not &quot;Ceasar's Palace or the Bellagio&quot; , if that's want you want then fork out the $$ and stay there!!	
Apr 29 2009 	enjoyable stay with a few problems.	We met two other couples there for four days and had fun there. The room was nice, comfortable and acceptable, but did not get the view we payed for on our expedia booking. We were supposed to get a strip tower view but we were so low that all we got a view of was the HVAC units and the pigeons that lived there. Could'nt even see the horizon. Not a big deal to us but felt a little screwed over. The check in process and waiting time to do so was the most painful experience I have ever had at a hotel.After the check in and when we got ourselves settled in we were happy with our stay there overall. Easy walk to catch the mono-rail. The buffet restaurant was very good. Had fun going up the tower. Enjoyed the live entertainment in the lounge off the casino.	
Apr 27 2009 	Stratosphere staff were useless	I stayed at the Stratosphere for 3 nights after a 5 night stint at the Excalibur. The Stratosphere was very clean inside and the room was nice and well furnished. After gambling away I found the slot payouts were ridiculous and there was a serious lack of slot machines. I chose this hotel/casino because of the promised nightlife and entertainment. On the first night there the C Bar was busy and that was pretty much it. The Armadillo bar is unmarked and hidden at the far end of the casino with only a few people out front. I was told by hotel staff that the bar had changed several names over the past few months and no one knew the open and close times for it. The nightclub, although advertised, is non existent. I encountered rude staff at check-in, slots, bar, starbucks, ticket counter, and tower. Signage is also terrible, it is pretty hard to find your way around the place for the first day. The pricing sign at the tower tickets booth says $12 for hotel guests, its actually free and the staff member that told me this hinted for tip.Overall the place is cheap but the staff and anything relating to information and signage is beyond terrible, and the walls are extremely thin. The BEST places to go in the Stratosphere are the magic shop and nacho restaurant both on the shopping level, these people were great.	
Apr 26 2009 	Cheap 	We found the Stratosphere to be a very clean and reasonably priced hotel. But...If you're lookng for evening entertainment away from the gaming tables then this isn't the place for you! It's own nightclub has closed down and the advertised 'live nightly entertainment' simple didn't exist. You need to head down the strip for your evening jollies. This isn't a great problem as the Deuce bus stops right outside the hotel, but the ride down the busy strip can take an hour! It's just as quick to walk but is a bit of a trek to find the action, and it's best not to wander around the area near the Strat after dark.We were happy with the Strat for this holiday, but wouldn't stay there next time as it's just too far from the fun. However, if the location doesn't bother you then there's nothing wrong with staying here.	
Apr 26 2009 	Would Think Twice	The Hotel itself is so-so, the facilities obviously need some remodeling. The hotel is about 1 mile north of all the action, quite a way to walk. The pool area was mediocre. The entertainment was likewise bland. We did get to see &quot;American All-Stars&quot;, which was Stratosphere's celebrity impersonation act. Also, got a chance to go to the top floor private pool, which was advertised as a &quot;Europen Pool&quot;, i.e. patrons can be naked if they wish. Men have to pay for entrance while women get in for free. It was all hype tough, the pool was just so-so.It was a good thing we got rooms in the new wing. At least the rooms looked fresh. it was quite a walk though to get to the elevators (or pretty much to anywhere).PROS: Cheap ratesCONS: Off-stripTHE VERDICT: Unless I was looking for some isolation, probably would go somewhere else	
Apr 25 2009 	Returning Guest Returns Once Again	We are returning Stratosphere guests this time staying in a non smoking double queen deluxe room. These rooms are somewhat smaller than the premier rooms that we have usually stayed in. However, our room met our family's needs perfectly is was clean throughout and comfortable.We did not use the pool area at this time due to the cool windy weather that Las Vegas was experiencing during our stay.We appreciated the routine patrols that security makes throughout the hotel's self parking garage-it was a reassurance.We dined at Lucky's Cafe for their breakfast special(s)-it was enjoyable and met our family's appetite(s).However, the Tahitti timeshare resort personnel can be abit bothersome as you enter/exit the hotel/casino with their offers of show tickets if you give of your time to attend one of their resort timeshare seminars.Should we visit Las Vegas in the future, we will definitely consider staying at the Stratosphere once again.	
Apr 23 2009 	Good price..great view	Valet service was awesome. We walked into the hotel from valet and couldn't find the reservation desk, so I asked someone who looked like they worked there....wrong! It was those pesky timeshare people. I hate being decieved!!!!! I had just spent all day getting there and to be accoused by tahiti villiage people was beyond annoying...they should not be allowed into any hotel and they bothered us each and every time we were walking out of or into the hotel. The room was on 21st floor with an okay view. The tower was right above us and several times could hear people screaming from the rides. We took our daughters to dinner at Top of the World. The ride up was great, the service was amazing but won't dine here again because it was almost $400 for the 4 of us. It was very good, but seriously. The view from the observation deck (free if you are staying there) was amazing. The maid service was great if you left a hefty tip each day. This was getting expensive since we stayed 9 nights. 2 days the bedding was not changed and we did leave a tip. Room service was great and tasty but expensive. Ice machines were very far away. You can buy soda and snacks down the street for a much better price This was our first trip in years and our kids first time...they loved it. Check in was not as bad as I have heard...checkout was a breeze since we decided to get up at 2am on our last night and checkout and gamble until we left for the airport. Overall the stay was okay. Blackjack was much better downtown. Slots were okay. Drink service at the slots was horrible. We played downtown a lot and found it very charming. We walked the strip with our teenaged daughters several times and people handing out the cards with nude photos were just over the top. They kept trying to give them to our kids!! WTF! We walked the strip both at night and during the day and found it to be very dirty..very surprising to us!! There was trash everywhere. We saw some guy take his pants off behind a trash can and it felt like we were being followed so much so that we ducked into a store. Downtown wasn't like that at all!!! It was very clean, had so many security personnel that it made you feel very safe. We had a much better time downtown...much friendlier people, food, gambeling, no scary people and did I mention how many security people there were? They used segways, bikes and walked. They were everywhere. We did see some older guy getting escourted out of a hotel because he was drunk and we did see some homeless people but they weren't aggressive and didn't say anything to you. We will stay downtown next time...probably El Cortez, 4 Queens or Golden Nugget.	
Apr 22 2009	Didn't stay here thank goodness	Okay, no we didn't stay at the Stratosphere on our recent trip to LV, THANK GOODNESS! We were with a large group and some of the group did stay there. Overall, their comments were that it was okay, but has gone downhill. We all met at Lucky's (the 24 hour cafe) to eat after a late night - the service was nice, food just okay. What was very off-putting were the other people in the restaurant/casino area. My husband was approached by a man on the way into the bathroom, who asked him if he needed any crack or weed. Another woman in our party was approached by an obviously intoxicated (or high) man, who was mumbling something about what time the gift shop was open (which was right next door). It was actually a bit scary to me and we were glad to leave when we did. This place might be a good value compared to some strip hotels, but a little too shady for me.... The hotel needs to have better security and be more vigilant about keeping people safe.	
Apr 22 2009 	The View from top is Just AWESOME!!!	The Stratosphere Hotel, Casino and Tower is the place to be in if you want to have a bird's eye view of Las Vegas Strip. I loved the view from top. But the rides on top are crazy. If you are an adrenaline gushing thrill seeker, you are at the right place. Nothing compares the rides at the top of the Tower in terms of thrill. Casino is great, just as it is at all Las Vegas hotels.One disadvantage though - This hotel is relatively at the far end of the strip. So, other attractions are a little far off.	
Apr 21 2009 	Fantastic value would recommend wholeheartedly!	We were nervous after reading many negative reviews, but couldn't have been happier with our stay. The hotel was clean and comfortable, our room, the basic one was large, clean, recently decorated with a fantastic bed. The food was nice throughout and the Courtyard buffet was great value at $19.99 for all you could eat all day, it was a bit repetitive over the course of 10 days but that was the only small niggle I could find. If you're after Wolfgang Puck go elsewhere &amp; pay the appropriate price! All staff were very friendly towards us and the cocktail waitresses were very attentive. We liked the position on the strip as both downtown &amp; the Strip were within easy walking distance, anyone who claims otherwise unless they are elderley or have a physical impedement is just lazy! The local area is more &quot;Real&quot; than the central strip with some motels, 7/11's and even the occasional beggar (but even these called me sir!) but never did it feel intimidating or dangerous. As a final note I can recommend the little Thai restaurant just opposite called &quot;Ocha&quot;, it doesn't look much but the food is delicious &amp; cheap and you can get a $2 beer, not that common in vegas unless you're in a Casino.	
Apr 21 2009 	fun trip	The stratosphere is far down the strip and not accesible to anywhere except by bus which is unconvenient and taxis which are pricey. Our vacation was incredible but next time well shoot for a different hotel. Everything was very expensive and the staff were not very helpful, unless you can count the hoardes of agents trying to get you to sit through their timeshare seminars. the buffet was a good deal. 20 bucks for all day, and the food was great. The hotel was very neat and exciting, but we had more fun on the strip. vegas is awesome and we had a blast for our first time	
Apr 20 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised - Was a Nice Hotel	I was really happy with the Stratosphere. I booked the hotel through Bookit, and paid about $40 a night. I wasn't expecting much. The room was very comfortable, clean, modern, and very nice for the price, as was the hotel. I would definitely recommend. It is at the far end of the strip, though.	
Apr 18 2009 	Awesome hotel great value highly recommend!	This was my first trip to Vegas, and booked this trip through Expedia. Was a really great deal! Like most people state, the hotel is on the far end of the strip, but that did not prove to be a problem. We rode the monorail and the deuce bus to get around. The hotel is really close to the Fremont Street Experience, only a 2 miles away. When we first arrived, it was about noon, and check in is not supposed to be until 3 pm. They allowed us to check in early, no problem, and there was only a couple of people in line to check in when we arrived. I requested a room on the highest floor available, and they accomodated me on that, was on the top floor. The room was clean, we had a great view of the mountains. I didn't pay the extra $$ to get a view of the strip. Immediately the housekeeper made us feel welcome, very friendly lady. The room size is pretty normal compared to other hotels I've stayed in, and the decor was really nice. Beds were really confortable. There's is plenty to do in the hotel itself. There's plenty of restaurants to choose from, and even a McDonald's for a cheap or late night snack. A Starbucks in the casino. We went and saw the 2 shows they have available at the hotel, American Superstars and Bite. Loved both shows, the impersonators were absolutely amazing. I especially enjoyed Michael Jackson. And the other show, Bite, awesome show. The coreography, the music, loved it. And after each show, you have the opportunity to take pictures with the cast. And the best part is that by staying at the hotel, you get tickets for these shows at half price, which is buy one get one free, so it is a really great deal, 20 bucks per person, you can't beat that.As far as location goes, this hotel is not on the main part of the strip, but that's not to say that's a bad thing. There is easy access to transportation right by the hotel, whether it be the monorail, the deuce bus, or if you prefer, there are plenty of cabs waiting in front of the hotel. Right nearby within walking distance is a Denny's and an IHOP for those of you who like breakfast anytime of the day. I felt pretty comfortable with the location of the hotel. I would advise any of you who do decide to take the monorail, access it through the Sahara Hotel, there's a connection there. Rather than going the back streets which does seem a little unsafe, especially at night. I did not have the guts to get on the rides, but we did get to go up to the tower observation deck, which has a breathtaking view of the city, and at the same time you can see the daring people above you on the rides.Upon checkout, the hotel also offers late checkout at 3pm if you need it, for an additional $20 bucks, which is a great idea if you have a later flight. We utilized this feature, and was great since checkout is at 11, and our shuttle wasn't picking us up until 2:30pm. Checkout was pretty quick, the TV checkout was unavailable, but just a quick call from our room down to the reservation desk to let them know we were checking out was all it took. And just as a last note, I was not charged that $7 daily resort fee that everyone speaks of. I don't know if that was an oversight on the hotel's part, but I have my itemized statement and nothing like that is showing up. The only bad thing I did see is the fact that the hotel charges $12 per day for wifi access. A bit excessive, but I guess for the price of the hotel, you really can't complain too much.I would highly recommend this hotel to anybody, especially if you're on a budget. I had a very good experience here, and would definetly stay here again. Everyone was friendly, hotel room was clean, everything was actually really clean.	
Apr 15 2009 	Great for the Price	I got a great deal from a travel site for 29$ a night. Plus the 7.50$ resort fee + taxes...still all under 45$ a night for a Sunday through Friday checkout trip. Fantastic. Yea the Casino is getting dated, the rooms are just fine. Comfy beds, crisp white linens, bathroom is roomy (needs updating) and on the strip. The END of the strip but really... you're there to play in the &quot;Fake Theme Park&quot; which is Vegas...you're sleeping, not hanging out in your hotel room.Staff were friendly, check in was lengthy, check out speedy.Free shuttles to the strip at night, and if you don't wanna wait, 3$ one way on the Deuce bus or 15$ for a 3 day all access pass...what more can you ask for? Front door service to every casino on the strip and a bus to and from the airport!!The Stratosphere has shops upstairs, Fat Tuesdays for your Margarita refill and a few trinket shops, and a Mc D's for late nigh food. I didn't have a chance to try the buffet line was huge! Great variety of slot machines and tables. I was too chicken to ride the tower rides....but they looked awesome!The pool was clean and refreshing, I didn't realize there were 2 pools until the last day. Oh well next time!I also saw the BITE show at the Stratosphere. Campy, cheesy, like Buffy but with alot of boobs. It was great! I'll be back!!!I had a blast in Vegas!	
Apr 14 2009 	I thought it was great	I liked it as it was not really busy like some other casinos,did not get any hasstle.Was bargin holiday.Is in a good spot,near to downtown and the strip.It has food places nearby.Even the local bums were friendly to us.The buffet was great.We are planning on gpong back there next year.	
Apr 13 2009 	Only hotel to stay in more than once.	Having stayed in many Vegas hotels ranging from the Monte Carlo to the Venetian, the Stratosphere is the most friendly hotel we have ever stayed in. It has great rooms, we stayed in a smoking room No3-22-02 it was very clean and decorated nicely. The only draw back was the very small bathroom but it was adequate with the bason on the outside.We ate at the Courtyard Buffet, Lucky's, Roxy's and Felllini's and found the food to be of high quality. If you want to eat on the cheap there are a few snack bars on the second floor selling burgers to pizza.All the staff are very friendly and helpful and the rooms are cleaned thoroughly every day.If you are going to be gambling then get the Ultimate Rewards card, you can soon rack up the points, the points can be used on food, drink or in the gift shops.The hotel is quite a way from the other casinos and a taxi to the middle of the strip is about $20 but there are other methods of transport including the Deuce bus and the monorail. We always said that we would try a different hotel on every stay but we have found a truely great hotel where we would go back time after time.	
Apr 13 2009 	dont recommend	bad area, didnt want to walk to other casinos at night as had to walk past a seedy block and didnt feel safe. Room was ordinary and drab, plastic cups, not coffee pots, charge of $12 a day to use wifi plus $50 deposit. pool coses early and there were sacks of dirty laundry left in halls for most of the day.not very sound proof either, could here others open/closing doors andtalking. I would recommend staying somewhere else, you will be happier	
Apr 10 2009 	What an unpleasent surprise.	Our reservation was for an attractive rate, however, after driving 8 hours we were confronted at the check in desk with a form I was required to initial approving an additional charge of $7.50. Not a lot of money but I consider their tactic very unethical and sneaky. We were tired and this was, of course our only reservation. I initialed the form because we were tired and wanted to go to a room and relax. The room was small and of the cheap motel variety. Not to relaxing. On the plus side, they had a good buffet.I well not stay at the Stratosphere again.	
Apr 9 2009 	Overall a very nice hotel	This was my first time to Lost Wages (Las Vegas) so I did not know really what to expect. We arrived at the hotel and was impressed with the huge tower in front of us. After the long walk through the casino and dodging the time share sellers (no means no), we made it to the front desk. We check in with no problems and made it up to our spacious room. We went and hung out on the strip. The first night we caught taxis everywhere but we quickly learned that was the expensive way to go. The next day we discovered the monorail and that saved us a ton of money. We had dinner at theTop Of The World restaurant and that was great!!! Great food and we had the best view of Vegas in town. Other than the timeshare folks hitting you up every time you go to your room, it was a very nice experience.	
Apr 9 2009 	Stratosphere is ghetto	My girlfriend and I reserved a room at the Stratosphere because it was a good price at the time. We were welcomed by a friend who worked at the front desk. He immediately upgraded us to a suite. The room was pretty nice. In the casino i couldn't believe how many cigarette bums there were. I think I handed out about half a pack before I devised a strategy so people wouldn't bother me anymore. My girl and I were crossing the street and witnessed a drug deal. Also our camera was stolen from the hotel room. Thanks guys	
Apr 9 2009 	It was free and I still moved to another location!	If you want to be in the middle of the action on the strip, DO NOT stay at this place. If you do you will be walking many blocks back and forth to the action on the strip, or you can ride the DEUCE bus back and forth or take a taxi. The double room I was in was very small and the sink smelled like the sewer. I overheard other people with the same complaint. Another colleagues room had never been cleaned when she returned to it at 3 a.m., even though she had the placard on the door asking that it be cleaned. If you are on a strict budget I know these rooms can be found on hotwire for $27, probably cheaper on priceline, but I still wouldnt stay here. The breakfast provided was not good either, although the fruit was very sweet and fresh.	
Apr 8 2009 	Didn't accept the comps	Stratosphere is probably best for younger travelers on a fixed budget. If you want to stretch your dollar and get a taste of Vegas, the you'll probably like it very much. The casion tends to be loud and filled with youthful action. Many of the guests wear things they would NEVER wear at home. And much of the entertainment has a risque flavor. The restaurant and bar atop the building have an EXCELLENT VIEW . . . best in Vegas. The other food service areas are nothing special. While we were in a show, someone decided to take my wife's wheelchair on a joy ride and not return it. Security claimed they couldn't locate it, which is absurd in a city were you're never off camera. We finally reclaimed the chair after it was found abandoned in some hallway. We were offered a number of comp nights but decided not to ever go back again. The rooms were most satisfactory, but the hallways were frequently unclean. Staff was not up to what one might expect. Again - younger travelers will find deals and hot entertainment sufficient to offset the problems. Older travelers are probably well advised to look elsewhere. By the way - watch where you go when you leave the property!!! The areas around the hotel to the north and west especially are not places you want to venture into at night or on foot. Another value for the youthful is the assorted thrill rides atop the spire. They will scare the hell out of you!	
Apr 8 2009 	great - especially for price	fun atmosphere - no pretentious bull like most strip hotels, but still nice. Plus good comps	
Apr 7 2009 	Far from the strip but satisfied	We stayed here for a week in mid March. The check in was easy and speey and the hotel employee was very professional and helpful. The room was nice and clean and felt very welcoming. the bell man was helpful and polite (I think his name was Mike).The only negative points is #1. we had mold growing in the ceiling of the shower. #2. the hotel is pretty far from everything on the strip. Take your walking shoes and some water b/c you'll need it. The monorail is nice to take. The hotel's website boasts of a free shuttle to the airport (FALSE) and a $3 bus to downtown and the strip (this is the strip bus, not the hotel's bus and is usually quite crowded).Fellini's was a nice restaurant. Even for being on the casino floor it was not loud. The food was good (had the lobster and asparagus over penne). Roxy's was a nice place for lunch. Good food and fun atmosphere. The popcorn place upstairs has good hot dogs and good popcorn. The breakfast buffet was tasty, but the lunch items did not seem very appealing. We had lunch at the Top of the World restaurant. The food was good, and the sites were neat but the service could have been a little better. Our whole family arrived after we did and everyone stayed in the hotel as well. The only problem was that one room did not have a remote control for the TV. The front desk had one brought up shortly after they arrived.Overall we were very satisfied with our stay. Would we go back? Probably so.	
Apr 6 2009 	Clean Rooms - Awesome Beds - Great Experience	Will go back! We chose this hotel because of the &quot;cleanliness&quot; reviews, and I have to say they were correct. In Vegas, your usually not in your room that much -but they were very clean the the beds were amazing! The buffet was good - especially with the &quot;deal&quot; if you are staying there. Roxy's was great food and entertainment. The Parking Garage was very user friendly - easy in and out - we just drove down the strip and parked. Lots to do at the Casino - with the shopping mall and the tower - casino was also good to us.	
Apr 5 2009 	Good for the price but away from the 'center' of the strip	We stayed there in March. Check in was quick but was told that the king strip view rooms were all taken and they would put us in a room on a lower floor and we could change in the a.m. We did indeed change rooms the next day but waited until the early afternoon until check out had occured. Both rooms were cleen and simple- good for a place to rest our heads for the night. In the mornings when we would leave the room and put the service sign on the door, if there happened to be cleaning ladies near they would ask if we were going to be gone awhile or for a short amount of time and regardless even if we popped back in to get something we forgot the room was already clean! The cleaning staff did a great job each time of giving us new towels &amp; soaps/shampoos etc and overall did a really good job! All the staff that we encountered were nice &amp; helpful,however, steer clear of the Tahiti Village people. My husband got sucked into the it and signed up, forked over the $40 thinking that we would just go back the next day and get a free meal &amp; show tickets. I read the fine print later and it said that we had to sit thru a 2.5 hr time share presentation which they never told him. We decided not to do it and lost the $40 but we would have lost it gambling anyway I'm sure. The pool was nice- it was during the spring break time so there were quite a few 'kids' there which was fine. The drinks at the pool bar were great and not watered down. Roxy's diner was really good- especially the shakes (and the staff sings too). We went to the top of the tower and my husband did the Big Shot ride and he LOVED it (and he's scared of heights too). Also, if your a guest there you get up to the tower free. The shops &amp; eateries on the upper level were'nt that great. There are two Travelocity.com consierge desks. We went to the one on the upper level to rent a car the day we were leaving so we could go see the Hoover Dam (a must!) and there was a big line and the people infront of us said they had been there 45min and apparently the car rental agency within the hotel ran out of cars and they were trying to shuffle some around &amp; shuffle people to other locations for them! It was a mess. So I went to the one downstairs by the chek in and the girl there was super helpful and got us another rental from an agency off the stip and they picked us up and droped us off free of charge! After eating at they buffet at Excalibur (its HUGE &amp; GOOD) we decided one morning to eat at the Strat buffet. It was really not that good or big- I'd go else where! We also ate at Fellini's which was pretty good, but if your going to spend the money on an Italian dinner go to The Hole In The Wall. We didn't find out about it until after and everyone said it was the best.The Stratosphere Hotel &amp; Casino is at the north end of the strip. by taxi it doesn't take long (a few minutes) to get down to the center. I walked from the Strat to the MGM and it took all afternoon. Also, the tram is super cheap - I think $5 for 1 trip and $13 for an all day pass. It stops at the Sahara which is right down the steet and it runs every 6 mins- the signs for it are all well and clearly marked in the hotels. We never saw any shady people, hookers, or felt unsafe. Take this review as is but let me tell you that I alway read reviews and research things &amp; hotels prior to going so I would consider my review fair &amp; honest.	
Apr 5 2009 	stuck in the middle of nowhere with plenty of fees	I was out for a trade show and needed 6 nights. The Strat is cheap and should be. The rooms were very average though bed was great and housekeeping was good. TV stinks: no comedy/MSNBC/Weather. Want to use the internet? 12.00!!!!! Per 24 hours. And there 's a RESORT fee. 8.00! So add 20.00 a day to that &quot;great rate.&quot; Last of all: if you are in Vgas you want to be on the strip and not way down beyond the end, or downtown. Vegas is famous for walking people into the ground or should be anyway. In the middle of nowhere where the Strat is there's nowhere to walk. Unless you really do feel like walking yourself into the ground.	
Apr 5 2009 	The Worst Hotel In Las Vegas	If any persons on the wolrd would think to save money just because you have to sleep few hours while you're in las vegas, than search for something else, everything you save from hotel room you'll spend on taxi ride to reach las vegas attractive spots.Since you check-in you'll feel not to be welcome, it doesn't matter how long is the line waiting for check-in, it will take around 30 to 60 minutes before is your turn, front desk employee very unprofessional and looks very unhappy to work in this hotel.I book tower room and without explanation she give me room in different block with different quality of furnitures and services, everything here looks very old and consumed after time to time, the casino it seams to be inside of sigars room, if you're non smokers you don't want even spend a minute around the tables, and also when you need to go your room you must pass through all casino and smoke air every where, orrible!!!!.The view restaurant has the baddest service quality of las vegas' restaurants with the most expensive price range for lowest quality of food.Las vegas is beautifull and you can realy enjoy your stay but don't stay at stratosphere if you don't want to go away with bad memory, las vegas does meet all your needs to enjoy your stay so stay anywhere else instead of this hotel.I like to go to las vegas almost every year, and this experience I will never forget as well I will forget the name of this hotel.I suggest to spend little more money and book your hotel 5 stars through hotwire.com, you'll be very well surprise and happy.	
Apr 4 2009 	Crappy Hotel--Far Away--Stay somewhere ELSE	I just recently stayed at the end of March 2009 and was terrible. I booked two queens with a premium view and got the parking lot. When I asked about this, I was informed that is a premium view, crazy. In the room, there was a table with two chairs and no recliner. Very Motel 6 like. No coffee makers and no cable TV. Got 8 channels. Asked about the coffee makers and was told only the sites have them. Bathtub was dirty as we found hair in it. Service in the casino was poor. I was sitting at machine and asked for a black coffee and was told I was not pplaying as there was no credits in the machine as I just sat down. I advised I was a guest at the hotel and I was forced to show my room key. The C bar bartender was horrible. He did nt how to make a martini nor a shot called snakebit which is Yukon Jack and Lime Juice. Crazy. Too far to walk to anywhere and at night it was creepy out with the cab drivers elling hey u want a date. The casino is rather small and you will get bored of thesame machines. Not even worth to stay for free. I am willing to give me details if wanted you may email me at sweetbug0609@yahoo.com as I do not want others to have experience such a horrible time when you are in Vegas, you are to enjoy your self.	
Apr 4 2009 	better than expected but a problematic start	After reading most of the reviews, we were quite wary about what we would find when we finally arrived and honestly, we were pleasantly surprised. But we had our problems first with the check-in.The check in line was not long, but it took a while also we said we definitly wanted a NON Smoking room. The lady wasnt really interested in our wishes and just gave us a smoking room? After we went to our room (we booked a Deluxe King with a jacuzzi)... it smelled horribly. Yup, it was a SMOKING room. We went down again (with all our belongings and asked for a NON smoking room. But unfortunately, there were no more rooms left for non smokers. We had to down-grade to a normal queen room for a night, without even an apology or something free. The lady even claimed we specially asked for a smoking room ??? HELLO, we are not stupid. So we had to go down again in the morning and had to be in the hotel by 6pm to change into our King with Jacuzzi. That was the rocky part...In the end we were on the 20th floor with strip view, which was nice. The remodeled upper-floor section of the hotel does look nice and it is definitely an excellent deal. The roooms were cosy, clean and with lots of pillows and a good mattress.The casino itself is average and in typical Las Vegas style, so nothing special to tell you about that. The Buffet is not really good, it is cheaper than many others but not really a value for your money.Because the Stratosphere is slightly off strip, you may be willing to sacrifice proximity to the downtown to save a couple bucks. Just buy a bus ticket for the duece ($7 a day) and you get almost everywhere. The bus stopps directly in front of the hotel, so no problems here.All in all, no, this is not the Venetian so don't expect it. But again, clean, quiet and comfy. That's all I need! Would definitley recommend if you're looking for a cheaper vegas vacation.	
Apr 2 2009 	Expect to use the bus or tram	My daughter and I stayed at the Stratosphere for 4 nights. It was at least $100 cheaper than any other strip hotel. I have been to Vegas several times, so I knew we could use the Duece bus or the Tram system to get around.Our room was wonderful. The view was great and and both my daughter and I said that the bed was the most comfortable we had ever slept in. We wanted a nice pool, so this was one thing that sold us on the Stratosphere being an option. The pool was huge, but I wouldn't say it was heated. The service by the pool was great.The casino was small and old compared to the other places I have stayed; Mirage, Mandalay Bay, Treasure Island, Planet Hollywood etc. I have gambled at pretty much all the casinos on the strip including the Rio. It didn't have the newer slots, but at least they were all the voucher system. Because it was small, it got a little boring. I did win though, so I can't complain too much. Casino service - I was a little mad at the bartender. I was gambling at the bar for at least two hours and getting my drinks free. I had just ran out of credits and ordered a drink, and he charged me $9. The most irritating thing was my players card would stop working, and it always happened after the Rewards Club was closed, so I couldn't get a new card. So if you are going to use the slots, insist on two cards, in case one stops working. They blamed it on being near other cards or my cell phone. I had all my players cards in the same place, and none of the other ones stopped working, or have I had this happen to me before. I have cards that are 3 or 4 years old from the other casinos.For people that said the area was unsafe and had hookers and drug deals going on. I have no idea what they were talking about, because I saw none of this. In fact, they didn't have any of those annoying people handing out stripper cards in the area, which was very nice not to have to deal with that. I never felt unsafe.We took the tram one night and used the duece bus the rest of the three days. The bus gets a little old, but it can be very intertaining if you ride it with the right attitude. You meet some very interesting people on the bus.They have a McDonalds, Ben &amp; Jerrys and a pizza place on the second floor, which was nice if you wanted something quick and cheaper. We spluged one night and ate at the Top of the World. It's expensive, but the food was good and the service was excellent. The view was awesome at night.I guess if you are someone stuffy and picky spend your money on a more expensive hotel. I would rather use the money for a show or a really nice meal.	
Apr 1 2009 	Must Read!!!!!!!!!! Important Info!	You get what you pay for! 100% True in this case. Stayed here for about a week during xmas/new years. Really cheap, paid on average like 20 bucks a night. Wouldn't come back here even if it was free! Location:Horrible. Far away from everything. Way too far of a walk. Very sketchy area (hookers.. drugs.. you get the point) End up paying for bus/taxi/your own gas to get anywhere. Service:Horrible times hundred. We stayed here for 4 nights and then went to the South Point (which I highly recommend - even though its off strip) for a couple nights and then came back here - BAD IDEA ! lol. When we were checking in for the 2nd time, I had to give the front desk clerk my credit card. After checking in I was back in my room and noticed I did not have my credit card with me. I realized that I never did get my card back from the front desk (this should not be my responsibility to remember to ask for my card! they should give it back to you without asking!) So I go straight up to the same lady who handled my check-in and she said she didn't have it and she gave it back to me. Thank GOD the lady next to her overheard our conversation and she turns around and grabs a card from the back desk and says is this it?? I said YES, grabbed my card and gave the other girl a dirty look. Wow that would not have been good losing my credit card in vegas! Rooms:Horrible. Our 2nd room had a leaking toilet with water all over, so we called to get it fixed. A plumber came in 2 hours later to fix it. He left and told us it was fixed. It did stop leaking so we were fine with the room (even though it stunk like smoke and sucked but we didn't care for the price we paid). So we get ready and go out for the night come back around 3am and go to bed. The next morning around 11am we get security breaking through our door yelling &quot;SECURITY!!&quot; .. I almost ** my pants! My bf yelled &quot;What the ** is going on?!?&quot; A maid was along with the security guard and she just said sorry and they left. My bf called down to the front desk to see why the hell security was coming into our room with no explanation. We were then informed that there was a message left on our answering machine from the night before and it was our fault that we didn't check it! They said when its blinking we need to check our messages! Honestly who checks messages on a hotel phone when your in vegas and come back to your room bombed at 3am? Not me! Apparently we were suppose to be out by morning because they needed to &quot;service&quot; the room because it sells for a lot more on new years eve and the toilet still needed to be fixed. We told them that the toilet was fixed? But they didn't listen and said we needed to be out. One of the ladies at the front desk told us we would be upgraded to a new room for no extra cost, and then we got a call back from the front desk 5 minutes after saying she was sorry there was no available room!!? Hahaha like how crazy is this! I could not even believe this was happening! So we had to pack all our stuff up and leave a day before we were suppose to check out! To make things even worse they weren't even going to give us a refund for the night that I paid ahead of time! After much debate, I had to find my receipts and prove I did indeed pay, and I got my refund - since we would not be staying there that night. WHAT a nightmare!! We ended up staying at treasure island for new years eve and it was also an awesome hotel! Worth the extra money!! Casino:Horrible. Stunk. Grubby. Don't understand how people would have wasted their time in this casino when your in vegas! Restaurants:Horrible. Over-priced. Room-service is also way over-priced. We wanted to order room service and we had to call like 5 times to finally have a menu brought to our room! Was like 40 bucks for eggs/bacon and chicken fingers! lol Was there anything good about this hotel?? Honestly I can't even think of anything I liked! The only thing I liked was that I was in vegas!	
Mar 31 2009 	Would Stay Again	After reading most of the reviews, I was quite wary about what we would find when we finally arrived and honestly, I was pleasantly surprised. The check in line was long, but the woman that helped us was extremely pleasant, gave us lots of tips as well as a map. We were on the 7th floor and had a view of the mountains, which was nice. The room was your average hotel room and had just the basics. But more importantly it was clean and QUIET! We slept great every night and the beds / pillows were soo comfy! Some of the nicest I've had.We rented a car so that fact that it is a at the northern end of the strip was not a problem for us. The strip was very easy to navigate and within a day we were cruising around, parking at all the resorts (free parking! Love it!) and didn't have to spend a dime on any public transportation. The only thing we did use that I hadn't read about was that they have a shuttle every night starting at 6:40pm which stops at the stratosphere, miracle mile and one other stop...but it's free and runs til midnight during the week and til 2am on weekends. nice if you plan to out late and don't have to worry about a designated diver. The driver of the shuttle was very nice, gave us lots of tips to avoid and other &quot;must-sees&quot;.As for the rest of the hotel, we don't gamble so I can't give any information about the casino. We ate breakfast a few times at Lucky's and it was excellent. They have a breakfast special that is good all day - $5.99 for 2 eggs, ham and homefries. YUM! It was always packed but we never waited long.All in all, no, this is not the Venetian so don't expect it. But again, clean, quiet and comfy. That's all I need! Would definitley recommend if you're looking for a cheaper vegas vacation.	
Mar 30 2009 	An incredible deal	Having been to Vegas before and understanding what an old casino and hotel will smell and feel like, I was fully prepared for what to expect at the Stratosphere. We booked online for the $38+/night no frill in the updated and remodeled upper-floor section. When we checked in late at night and asked to have a room closer to the one of our friend's family, the front desk girl couldn't find one in the price range we booked. She was very nice and got the permission from the manager to upgrade us (my and my friend's families) to two $200/night suites without any extra charge. What a pleasant surprise! I understand our case is probably an exception, depending on the goodwill of the front desk clerk. However, the remodeled upper-floor section of the hotel does look nice too and it is definitely an excellent deal.	
Mar 30 2009 	Avoid this disaster of hotel.	Dont be tempted to save a couple dollars on the price of your room by staying at the Stratosphere  youll pay for it in the end. I am a traveler with experience staying up and down the strip and found myself at the Stratosphere in March 2009 for a family wedding. Prior to arriving the prices on the website looked reasonable and the room photos appeared stylish and inviting. But the pushy yet confused reception I received when booking my room by phone should have been the tip-off that something was not right.The average room  while clean enough  was well short on dcor, space, and for most of my relatives, a view of anything other than a wall or dumpster. My bedroom shared a wall with an elevator that made it sound as though I was sleeping next to a train. I was not warned of this prior to checking in, and the staff didnt seem to think it was a big deal.The staff at the Stratosphere is the least helpful, friendly and knowledgeable you will find anywhere, never mind in comparison to high standards Ive experience elsewhere throughout Las Vegas. The uninterested room service staff finally provided two wine glasses after numerous requests  for a fee of $6. The staff in the tower complained about management throughout my ride up and down. Apparently the Stratosphere is not a great place to work.The casino itself is average and in typical Las Vegas style is impossible to ignore. This would not be an issue, if security staff stopped me no less than two times walking from the reception area through to the elevators because I was carrying my toddler (there is no way to get to your room without crossing the gaming floor).Because the Stratosphere is slightly off strip, you may be willing to sacrifice proximity to the downtown to save a couple bucks. Dont. Any cab ride to the heart of the strip or the airport is at least $20. So unless you plan on staying in the hotel your whole trip (trust me, you wont) this adds another layer of expense.Perhaps the worst aspect of the Stratosphere was its second rate selection of overpriced restaurants. I could go into detail about the lack of selection and the clichd menu options that are priced the same as far superior venues up the strip, but hopefully youre convinced the Stratosphere should be avoided by now.There isnt much this hotel gets right. Even its free fitness facility  a plus in todays pay-as-you-go market  shares a wall with a pungent McDonalds restaurant. There are no indoor pools  meaning any swim off summer heat is out of the question.Whether due to the economy or the competition between the numerous hotels that dot the Las Vegas strip, the quality of accommodations, restaurants and customer service in Vegas are far too competitive for you to tolerate the Stratosphere. Thankfully this awful experience is one thing that went on in Vegas and will stay in Vegas.	
Mar 30 2009 	If you are expecting a 5 star - book a 5 star...	I was rather skeptical after reading many negative reviews about the Stratosphere. Fortunately, we found them to be ungrounded. There was a HUGE line up when we arrived, but Joanne processed us through promptly and pleasantly when we got to the front of the line. The room was very large and clean. My biggest issue was with the bath - the shower was weak and the tub had problems draining... Other than that - we would definitely go back there. Actually - it's worth simply going there to ride 'Big Shot' - an absolute highlight!Also - if you are offered the opportunity for a 'two for one' ride deal - TAKE IT! It would cost two people the same amount to ride once as it does to purchase one 'all you can ride' for a day. We had a ball - did the Big Shot three times in a row - and would have kept going! :) Also - if front desk gives you a book of coupons - peruse them before roaming around the hotel. There are a number of places you can save money from various hotel vendors	
Mar 30 2009 	It is cheap but it is still better to stay somewhere else!	My wife and I got a fantastic deal on the Stratosphere on expedia, but our friends all warned us that 'you get what you pay for' and we now wished we listened to them! The hotel is very tired. It is all styled as if it were the 1970s: brown formica everywhere and very depressing. We arrived after 8pm to be told that we had been 'downgraded' to a Queen room from a King, and although it was officially 'no smoking', the new room smelt horribly of cheap cigars. They moved us the next day but it was not the start to the dream holiday we had hoped for. The hotel is also a long way to the north of the strip. It is too far too walk down to the main hotels, really, and the bus gets terribly crowded at all times of day. We ended up spending as much on taxis as we had saved on the room cost! We will definitely be back to Vegas (it is great!) but never again to the Stratosphere.	
Mar 28 2009 	Pros and Cons	My husband and I just returned from Vegas with 7 other friends. We stayed at the Stratosphere and overall, we had a good experience. I do advise that if you are sensitive to certain laundry detergents, you may have problems with their bedding. The hotel uses really harsh chemicals to clean with and it broke a couple of us out in a rash. When the situation was reported, housekeeping came and stripped down the room and had everything re-washed in different detergents. They were very accommodating and understanding. The hotel had more that what was expected...there are many shops, a hair salon, eating places, and of course the park. The view from the observation deck at night was amazing. I would recommend this hotel as long as you are aware that it's on the one end of the strip and you will have to take a bus/cab to get to other casinos.	
Mar 27 2009 	Just like the cheap Super 8 motels	Crummy room.............were promised a room with Strip View we got a parking lot.Old looking furniture...............not a decent chair to sit in only 2 wooden table chairsVery far away from stripBathtub fixtures broke and it took 2 hours to get fixed then had to scrub the tub ourselvesAt checkout staff wasn't concerned that we were not happy about our room or stay.	
Mar 27 2009 	OK for a quick stay	Stayed here for 3 days as part of a package with Southwest Air. The room was a &quot;Premium&quot; King. The room was OK and certainly large enough for two. We had an issue with the sink drain which had a bad odor and was slow to drain. Calls to the front desk brought apologies and a housekeeper with some liquid to pour down the sink but the problem was never fixed. Further still - the sink isn't in the bathroom, but near the bed. Other than that, if you want to stay in a CASINO hotel, it's fine. (I was later told I should have stayed in the &quot;new&quot; tower. Oh yeah, and they charged me $5 to print out my boarding pass, which I thought was ridiculous. I would recommend the Stratosphere IF you can get it CHEAP!	
Mar 27 2009 	Don't say I didn't warn you...	Booked four nights at the Stratosphere for myself and 3 friends flying in from the UK to celebrate a 50th.The hotel sounded like a good deal and I requested a possible upgrade on-line before arrival.I would say the &quot;room&quot; upgrade is more of a &quot;view&quot; upgrade. Unfortunately, the room was far to small for four males (Two of my friends got their own room later that evening), there was no refrigerator, not enough towels etc., for four and a television set from the '90's.All that for about $500 for four nights...Plus an additional charge for wireless internet access!!Our room was close to the elevator which meant there was a constant stream of loud and/or drunk guests outside at all hours along with fights requiring security and police intervention. The front desk staff were unsympathetic when the issue was raised. Generally the staff were pleasant although the bartender was indifferent - when you could get his attention - and the gentleman arranging cabs etc., was outright rude when asked a question.To get to the &quot;strip&quot; you can either use a cab, monorail, bus or walk. To walk you must pass what seems to be an endless pile of trash and debris with waste of every description. NOT recommended. Prices in the hotel (and just about everywhere else) were higher than expected or necessary.I would suggest finding a more central location for a similar price and avoid this hotel if at all possible. Not Recommended at all.	
Mar 26 2009	we won't be back	Cean room - indiffrent/incompentent staffAfter reserving two smoking single rooms through Expedia two weeks before arrival, verifing reservations two days prior directly with the Stratosphere staff and reminding the front desk staff at check-in my niece and I were sent to two non smoking double rooms. Had WE not noticed that the rooms were non smoking who knows how much additional we would have been charged. We contacted the front desk before setteling in and received an &quot;apology.&quot; We were advised to wait on a diffrent floor in front of two other rooms and that a staff member would arrive with keys and our luggage shortly. We were left loitering in the hall over a half hour. No one showed. After returning to the front desk we were advised two smoking rooms were unavailable. We would have to share a room. We had no choice but to do so- We were later told that our baggage had gone to the two (technically four) diffrent rooms previously assigned. (we had to make the call ourselves to find out why our bags had not been delivered) When we did receive our baggage, a most important item was missing. Four calls later: security, the front desk (twice) and valet services our bag could not located . (Oh, and they were all so nonchalant about the loss) . On the fifth call I got NASTY. The missing bag contained a gift for a birthday party, the reason we were in L.V. Well, the rest of the contents were never located, but lo and behold, the gift showed up. Hummmmmm. Other problems:Room service continental breakfast menu indicated just under $13.00 - final cost $27:00 (now we all expect a service charge for room service,..but almost $15.00 additional?!) - towels and bedding in the hall at 7:00 pm-staff indiffrent and misleading -I won't go into that story, but trust me, I have no reason to make it up. -We were responsible for contacting Expedia regarding the mix up-with the exception of the housekeeping ladies, It was painful to tip any of the stratosphere staff -WE WON'T BE BACK!	
Mar 24 2009 	All the comfort for little money	We stayed for 4 nights at this hotel. Granted, it's far away from everything if you have to walk it, but if you have a car that's not an issue. Always plenty of space in the self parkings. For about 36 dollar per night (via expedia), we got a large clean room. The 25th floor pool was closed, but the pool on the 8th floor did the job (renewed, so the water was cold). Internet is expensive (12 dollars/24 hrs) though, so we skipped that. If you have a car and you're on a budget, this is a good place to stay. Hard to find a hotel that offers this value for money.	
Mar 24 2009 	Nice Basic Vegas Hotel good value	Not may restaurants here. but rooms were nice and clean with comfy beds. The view was rubbish though! The pool area was nice and quiet but nothing special. Went to the mirgae pool one day and it was absolutely packed and full fo posers so made us appreciate our pool where we played volleyball and had fun. The pool bar does some really good value lunch snacks so well worth it. Good value for money but may be worth spending an extra $20 a night somewhere nearer the main strip as a taxi was around $10 each way to center strip. Was nice to stay here after staying in hostels up until this point.for some reasn our $5 surcharge each day was already included in our booking price which was good. A tip i have is that if you nare planning on going clubbing dont be tempted to pay the touts on the strip anything for their &quot;priority entry&quot; cards. We didnt luckily and discovered that when you go into the casinos or even just outside the have staff handing out entry passes for nothing.	
Mar 23 2009 	Disappointing Stay	I booked my one-night stay for $77, including all taxes, through American Airlines Vacations. The Stratosphere is advertised as a hotel located right on the Strip. It is indeed at the very end of the Strip, but it is considered a downtown hotel for taxis and airport shuttles that will charge you an additional rate ($4-10 each way) to get there. After I arrived at The Stratosphere around 11:45 p.m. I was in line for about in an hour to check in. The hotel lobby was filled with cigarette smoke that my clothes, even ones in my travel bag, stank the next day. The check-in person didn't speak good English, so the fact I am from Puerto Rico and speak Spanish came handy. I had specifically requested a non-smoking room with a king-size bed. I was advised the only room available was a smoking room with two smaller beds. After 5 minutes of negotiations I was able to get a non-smoking room. I was tired after traveling from San Juan via Miami all day, and I was not happy to have to argue with someone at 1 a.m. My room was on the 5th floor with no view whatsoever. When I opened the curtains I had a wall just a few feet away from my window that blocked any kind of view, including that of the sky. I spent another half hour getting a BigMac meal at The Stratosphere's McDonalds, and I was then happy to check out 4 hours later. $77 sounds like a good deal, but an extra $5-$10 per night will get you at a nicer hotel, which I would recommend if your stay in Las Vegas is longer than one night. By the way, The Stratosphere charges $11 per day for wireless. What a rip-off.	
Mar 23 2009 	Hotel Is Worth the Price But Do Your Gambling Elsewhere	I have stayed at the Stratosphere a number of times. My most recent trip was 4 nites in Mid-March. I booked a Spa King because I love the jacuzzi tubs here. Some people are bothered that they are located in the bathroom, as opposed to the bedroom with a view. For $41 a nite, ($7.50 per nite resort fee included), it is an AWESOME room. I spent approx 14 hours in the tub.Newer, more comfortable beds and slightly different color schemes are the main renovations (November 2008), but the beds are definitely an improvement. Besides the tub, everything else is standard for any 2/3-star hotel.The casino has tightened up on everything from table games, to slots....especially slots. I don't play them much, but always pay attention to see if a casino seems to be paying at least an average amount back to the customers. In four days, I did not see a single win on any slots totalling more than $25-75....that is max bets on machines of every denomination. You will lose $50-100 instantly by playing these machines and not have an ounce of fun. As for the tables, drink service is good, but the dealers (for the most part) are completely inarticulate. Every table I was at had players asking dealers to speak clearer, repeat things, slow down, etc. The pit bosses are surly, and their interaction with their own dealers is awkward to say the least. Dealers are constantly being reminded to do simple things like burn cards, and cut decks. I did play with an extremely friendly dealer though, who was enough to make me look for her again specifically, but I will not be gaming at their casino for a while, and I advise others to avoid it as well. Better gaming on Fremont, or play around on the strip. The rewards progarm is also not great here, which is another reason to game elsewhere.Restaurants: Buffet - closed; Asian restaurant - closed; Roxy's 50's diner - open 2 of 4 days; Lucky's diner - open 24 hours, all 4 days; McDonald's - open 24 hours, all 4 days. The service at Lucky's is always sub-par, but the food is actually pretty good, if you dont mind waiting 20-35 minutes. I have never, and will never eat at Roxy's. Servers sing 50's songs with the style and voice of your average American Idol reject while you try to eat. Seems more annoying than campy fun. Everything else was closed the whole time essentially, which was another downside.The shows are a joke, and the clubs are non-existent as of now I believe....we couldnt find one.Location is not great, but definitely as safe, or safer than other casinos on the strip, (i.e. Sahara, Circus Circus, Imperial Palace). There is a good number of security patrolling things. I walked to IHOP and 711 alone (both 1 block away) during the day, but still wouldnt want to walk alone at nite. Deuce bus is close for cheap, strip travel, and Fremont is close. So stay at the Stratosphere for a quality, clean, cheap room, with friendly service....and thats IT. Eat, gamble, and enjoy shows elsewhere.	
Mar 22 2009 	Can't Beat the Value!	For anyone who is considering staying at the Stratosphere to save a few bucks, do NOT listen to the negative reviews. This hotel and casino is definitely worth staying at in order to save a few bucks on your trip. We stayed Sunday through Thursday and when asked if an upgrade from the base room was possible, we were given the option of staying at a deluxe mini suite for only ten dollars extra per night (regularly fifty dollars per night). Our check in took all of five minutes and we were ready to go. The room itself was clean and nice. We did run into a slow draining sink, but maintenance fixed it within five minutes of our call. Yes, the hotel is far from the true strip, and yes you will have to walk a while, but the bus stop is just outside the hotel and is available for only a two dollar fare. Finally, obviously the hotel is not going to be a five star hotel--rooms are going for as low as twenty-five dollars a night--it's not going to be the Belagio, people! BUT it is worth checking out if you are on a lower budget and it still puts you in Las Vegas.Thank you Stratosphere!	
Mar 21 2009 	Not bad for a 3 night stay	Hotel was OK, great facilities, staff ok. Restaurant and all eating facilites were great. Hotel gets very very busy in the cabaret bar on the ground floor but atmosphere was good.	
Mar 21 2009 	Best place to stay in Vegas if you are on a Budget!!!!!!!!!	This is the best place to stay if you are in Vegas on a budget and do not want to sacrifice location or the &quot;Vegas Experience&quot;The Hotel has gone under renovations and the rooms are definately in the 3 and a half star category. I find that 3 stars in Vegas is more like a 4 star hotel in Canada. Las Vegas hotels seem to be held to a tuffer standard. For example....... a Marriott hotel Alberta might be 4 stars, but a 4 star hotel in Las Vegas is twice as nice........ how does that work?Stratosphere is located at the very north end of the new Las Vegas strip. A short walk across the street to the Sahara hotel where the Monorail starts, and you can take the train to dozens of other resorts on the strip.Stratoshere seems like the best deal if youre on a budget, the shopping, restraunts, nightclub and hotel room rates are some of the best on the strip. Even the &quot;Top of the World&quot; restraunt is good value for what you get, as it is high quality food in an incredable setting high above Las Vegas in the tower, for a price that is better then comparable Las Vegas restraunts of this type. Another restraunt I woudl recomend is the 50's Diner on the main level. The food is wonderful, prices are very competative, and the 50's theme is amazing! The swimming pool is my fav because its got so much space for tanning and so many chairs that you never feel like its too full, theres always a place to lay back on a chair, and a spot in the pool, unlike comparable top las vegas pools. There is even an Adult pool seperate from the main pool area, the adult pool encourages women to go topless. I was there around noon and all I saw were out of shape old women going topless, but it was still fun!Ive been to the Stratosphere 3 times for several days at a time, and i have always found the staff really nice there. Since the hotel changed owners about a year ago, and the new management came in, I have found that the staff are even nicer, some of the most friendly front desk service ive experienced in Las Vegas. The Casino is great, lots of fun games, and a lot of the newer games that are popular, The resort has style and there is a mix of people about 60% chic-style tourists dressed to impress and 40% tourists that dress like slobs.-The only bad things i can say about the stratosphere are that the Hair Salon is a huge rip off, about 5 times as much money to get your hair trimed and styled as comparable salons off the strip and about 3 times as much as the salon across the street at the Sahara Resort. Also, due to the design of the hotel, some rooms have a view of air exchange and conditioning equiptment or views of cement walls 30 feet away.	
Mar 20 2009 	Yes and No!!	I stayed here for 10 nights with my partner and therer were some things I was happy with and some things I wasn't. We arrived about 7pm and were checked in within 10minutes, great after I had read about people waiting about an hour.I had paid for a premium view with a king bed. We were told that there were none available and werde given a premium view with two queen beds.The view was of a bad downtown area with nice mountains in the background, I guess its the mountains you pay for. The room was clean not very big but enough for a couple who only wanted it as a base. The housekeeping service was also good. The hotel amenities were decent, nothing special but nothing terrible, apart from the main pool being closed for refurb and the nightclub being permanently closed. The are three bars on the casino level, service in all three was dreadful but I noticed that generally in bars in Vegas there was nothing rushing the bartenders. The location of the hoel is right at the end of the strip, which is 4miles long, and although a 30 minute walk will get you to the main body of the strip, itsd not a nice walk and there is a cheap bus service right outside the hotel. The area around the hotel is a bit rough because its at the cheaper end of the strip, down where the motels begin and the beggers become a bit more aggresive, this is why the bus comes in handy!! The price compared to the main body of strip may cause you accept this, it did for me, but when a tour driver told me that the housing estate beside the hotel has a number of stabbings/shootings a week i though differently, but I didn't see anything like that. In total if you just want a decent hotel as a base then this hotel is fine. I would recommend it too a freind but not a fussy one!!	
Mar 18 2009 	Hidden Fee Terrible service Bad location.	I just came back from Stratosphere. We stayed at premium tower room at $73. But we were totally disappointed. And there was hidden fee $ 7.50 for the resort fee. When we booked, they gave us the receipt which is $73 but when we checked out, they said we should pay $7.50 extra for the resort fee. In terms of its room and service, there was no refrigerator. There are only bed and TV and disposable cups. moreover, the heater was out of order. in terms of the service, when we asked for a bottle opener, they wanted to charge $7 to us. Therefore, we went down to the bar to open the bottle but they said we should buy one. It was the worst experience. And in terms of its location, it is located in the strip but almost end of it. You can find much better one with little more money. And one more thing, we thought a premium room of three stars would be better choice but it was wrong. You better go with regular room of four stars.	
Mar 17 2009 	Nice for the money	The Stratosphere wasnt the best hotel I've ever stayed in, but within a tight budget we decided to try it out. Though you can get a great deal, you have to take into consideration the cab fare to get to the strip. If you take that into consideration, financially you are better off staying somewhere closer. I liked the staff and the restaurants. I would reccomend this place if you just want to go there, but don't stay there if you are going to spend most of your time in the center of the strip. You really don't save much at all	
Mar 17 2009 	Good value for money	After reading several 'negative' reviews on this hotel i decided i would go with a open mind, so yes it isn't the best hotel on the strip but it doesn't claim to be either it is a 3 star but i do think that it is a fair rating.Check in was a little slow but we were there suberbowl weekend and the hotel was extremely busy, so a little wait was to be expected, we were given a room on the 20th floor no view of the strip but a lovely view of the mountains where we saw several lovely sunsets.The room had recently been modernised in tasteful brown and neutral colours, we had 2 queen size beds, t.v, alarm clock, iron and ironing board, hairdryer and a small table and chairsThe downside to the room was mainly that the sink was actually in the main bedroom where you would normally expect it to be in the bathroom.The bathroom was tiny you literally could not move, but on a positive note the shower was very good and there was always a good supply of hot water.My biggest dissapointment was that there was no in-room safe which i think is must in any hotel these days.We ate at the courtyard buffet once for breakfast and then at evening i do have to say the buffet really isn't anything special to be honest we ate much better meals at Dennys nextdoor to the hotel where the food and the service were both excellent.To sum up the hotel i do believe it was good value for money we paid around $23 a night for the room however i would of been dissapointed if we paid more, the location isn't fantastic but the deuce bus stop is right outside and you can be at the heart of the strip within about 10-15 minutes.All in all if you are looking for a resonably priced accomodation on the strip then this would be a good option.	
Mar 17 2009 	What a DUMP!!!!!!	I have stayed at cheap hotels, expensive hotels, and middle of the road, places in Vegas and this is the WORST hotel I have ever seen. Here is the deal; the hotel is really far from anything else which is not a big issue by itself. The big issue is that the service is terrible, resturants are BAD and they are hardly open, casio is REALLY smokey, &quot;resort&quot; fee is insane for what you get, the hotel is DIRTY. The same wrapper was in the elevator for 3 days! Staff is rude. Getting a drink is almost impossible. A non-smoking room smells like smoke. The worst part is the noise! Across the street is a roller coaster that runs all day and it rattles the room every 15 minutes. It's like a 747 is landing on top of the hotel. All I can say is BAD, BAD, BAD. Do NOT STAY AT THIS DUMP. You would be much better off at Monte Carlo if you want a mid-price room. Cheap rooms are much better at Imperial Palace.	
Mar 16 2009 	Great strip hotel for the price!	After reading the reviews on TripAdvisor, I decided to book here, and I am very happy that I did. It was a great hotel! Everything was wonderful from the room, to the dining, to the casino!!It is far away from the main strip, however there are more and more hotels/casinos that are being built closer and closer to the Stratosphere... it wont be long until they build that far. The location isnt as &quot;bad&quot; as it used to be. I liked everything about the room, except the window was smaller than most of the other hotels... but we still had a great mountain view!!	
Mar 16 2009 	Reserve a suite if possible	Spent 3 nites at the Stratosphere, stayed in the &quot;Star Suite&quot; and loved the room. This hotel has the longest hallways I have ever seen so I was happy to find out that the suites were right beside the elevator banks. The suite was very big with a wonderful soaker/jetted tub, big enough for two (if you are so inclined). The neighbourhood was a little scary after dark, so take a cab if you plan to leave the hotel at night.	
Mar 14 2009 	Great deal for the price!	We went to Vegas for a few days and our stay included a Saturday. We decided to check out the other end of the strip for out last night and stood at the Stratosphere for that night. We were able to stay there for $110+tax, and it was Valentines Day!! GREAT DEAL!! The other hotel we stayed in prior to the Stratosphere was over $300 for that same night. The room was Standard, not a great view... but were weren't there for the view... not that night away. We were there to check out the shows and the thrill rides that are at the Stratosphere. The rides were crazy run and you cannot beat the views. Food was good, show American Superstars was fun - but heads up... the woman who sold us the tickets sold us on tickets closer to the stage because we would get better pictures. Only to find out that one there photos are not allowed. I emailed the hotel about this and they never responded. We were going to say something while we were there, but it was Valentines Day and didn't want the hassel. Over all the hotel was fine and for the price cannot be beat!	
Mar 11 2009 	great for the money	we stayed here in april we just stayed for the one night, we wanted to go and see vegas at night from the highest part (apart from going in a helicopter) and we also wanted to try out the rides after dark, the bad points its a bit far out of the way, its a little dodgy at night, be aware of the $7.00 resort fee per night they charge you that after you have booked in,and thats the only bad points that i can find ! good points it offers really good rates, the reception staff are nice upon check in , the rooms arent huge but thay are very clean, the pool is great and clean, the casino is big and the slot machines are quite good at paying out, you get a discount for being a hotel guest to go up the tower, there is a fab resturant/diner called roxys its a cross between grease and happy days it does really great food and its inexpensive try the stratosphere shake but be warned dont try to eat a meal as well as the shake its huge!! we are going to vegas again in 2009 and we will be staying here again for a couple of nights	
Mar 9 2009 	Cheap but sometimes you get what you pay for.	We traveled through Vegas on our way back from Disneyland. The Stratosphere had rooms for only $30/night so we decided to stop there. We requested a non-smoking room and it was the smokiest non-smoking room I've ever experienced. So much so that I started to get a migraine within minutes. I called the front desk and they said they would send up a ionizer or something to get rid of the smell. &quot;Alright,&quot; I said. 90 minutes later no one had come to the room so I called the front desk, told them that nobody had come and left the room to go get dinner, hoping the smell would be gone when I got back. Needless to say, it wasn't so we requested a different room. The new room was SO much better. No smoky smell. The beds were comfortable. The bathroom was updated. No problems. Just wish they had given us that one to begin with or switched our room the first time I called. Ok hotel. Not great service.	
Mar 8 2009 	Good value for the price...	Just got back from a 3 night stay at the Stratosphere - Mar 2 - 5, 09.$31 + tax + resort fee for a 'premium' view room. Ended up in room # 31947 on the 19th floor. View was south toward the strip - the tower and the large Stratosphere front hotel sign obscure the view but you still see a large part of the city which is great.The room was clean, bed ( very good ) &amp; bedding is quite new, tv picture was a bit fuzzy and had limited channels. All in all the room was great especially for the price. Ate at the 50's style diner once which was good and they put everyone through quickly. The 2nd floor where the shops are located has a McDonalds etc which was nice and a cheaper alternative. The hotel gives you a coupon book for properties within the Stratosphere which is nice - mostly 10% off coupons which can add up.Casino is acceptable although can be a bit 'smoky' and has an older smell to it.Check in / out was simple. Parking is excellent if you have a car. I rented from Advantage which I had never heard of. Great rates. Booked right at the airport. $170 US plus gas for 4 full days. Dodge Nitro SUV which was perfect. Shuttle bus takes you from the airport to the car rental place which is about a 10 minute trip. Very efficient.This was my first time to Vegas. Renting a car is great. Easy to drive around Vegas and every casino except Freemont Street has free 'self parking' that has great access.Yes, this hotel is near the North end of the strip. If you plan on walking be in good shape... Again, the rental car option is well worth it.So, the hotel is not new by any means but the price is great, the 'premium rooms' are more than acceptable, the location is not great but rent a car or use the Deuce. You will be happy especially if you will only be in your room to sleep / shower.	
Mar 7 2009 	Nice Hotel no service!	We booked a &quot;Premium Room&quot; with view and king bed and without notice they gave us an unrenovated room with no view and 2 queen beds. Some lights, hair dryer and TV did not work. We immediately asked for another room but they told us that there is no chance before next day.Next day we had to make a complete new check in and then we had to wait in our old room for assistance with our luggage. After an hour waiting we moved alone.Next day I got a flu and we asked for hot water to prepare a medicine. They charged us 6 Dollar for 2 cups of some kind of warm water.In this hotel nobody is interested in helping you and thats a pitty, because it is a nice hotel with spacious rooms (the second one with view and king bed) and, surprise, surprise, a lot of entertainment.	
Mar 7 2009 	Decent Rooms	As soon as I got off my cab, the bell boy was there to assist me for free. I find the rooms to be reasonably priced. The room was clean and has a good noise insulation. The only drawback is that it's far from the rest of the hotels but since we rented a car, it was not really a concern for us.	
Mar 7 2009 	great for the money we paid	just got back from staying a 14night break at the strat. We were on thr 18th floor well impressed with size of room premier view for the total cost of $600 for 14 nights.I would highly recommend for people on a budgetr and it makes a change from the busy centre strip.I have previously stayed at Planet holl, mgm luxor, and treasure island. And it was equal to those in room quality.	
Mar 6 2009	Nice hotel 	Lovely hotel at the end of the strip but I just want to advise people to be careful when walking about outside on their own. My stupidity, I suppose but it was broad daylight my husband &amp; I had just got off a bus by our hotel &amp; I said I would go to the shop! I was trying to find a shop when I was beeped from a car parked in a petrol station not that far from the hotel &amp; on the strip , of course I ignored it . I turned down a street next to the hotel because I knew there was a shop there didn't think he would follow me, I am in my 50's but to my amazement he did! He also went past me a few times but luckily the traffic was busy so I managed to get to the shop. I told the staff what was happening &amp; they said it was very dangerous around there &amp; I should not of been there on my own because it happens all the time. (Bear in mind this was only about 5-5.30pm. ) They did advise me of a back way into the hotel &amp; watched me go back. Thank you to them!I heard the next day it had happened to someone else aswell. I only told my husband but I really should of reported it. I know this is not the hotels fault but I just want other TripAdvisors guests &amp; others to be very very careful!	
Mar 5 2009 	Great Value For Money	This was my second visit to the Stratosphere hotel. Intended to just stay a week but was so impressed with whole place I ended up staying for 3 weeks during January and February. Had three rooms, all fine and cleaned properly every day. Lucky's restaurant served excellent food with fast, efficient, friendly service. I was in there at some point most days and I really couldn't fault it, all the staff were so helpful. Roxy's Diner is good if you prefer a more lively atmosphere and there are a few other places to eat too, including McDonalds. The buses stop right outside the hotel and run frequently 24 hours a day, going up to the main Strip or to the Downtown area - very convenient. For great value, this hotel is hard to beat. I'll be back!	
Mar 5 2009 	You get the little you paid for. BEWARE	Ok so this was our first time to Vegas and we were on a budget! After looking at hotels on the strip and prices we choose to stay here after calling the hotel and the staff assuring it was a quick 10 minute walk to the middle of the stripe. So we booked a standard room with two double beds. When we got there we were so happy to be in Vegas we didn't see anything we didn't like,yet. When we checked in the lady asked us if we wanted to upgrade then showed us a room map of our current room and the suite we could upgrade for only $30 more a night. We did and it was a wise move. Our suite was spacious, two queen size beds, a pull out sofa and a huge and very clean bath room.On our second day the water didn't work on floors 15-24 (we were 23) we called 5 times to front desk said they couldn't do anything it effected all floors. We went to the pool, tanned and hung out for about 4 hours. We missed a full morning of sight seeing. When we got back to our room the maid was still cleaning it so we couldn't go in. It was bout 3 o clock and we still didnt have any water. We called down once again and they said we can go to another room in the west wing. So we walked in the casino, got the room key and found the room. We walked into a very small room- which was suppose to be our room if we didnt upgrade THANK GOD WE DID. The room was small dark and the washroom was so small I could touch both walls with my arms all the way out. We quickly showered and went back to our room. Didn't gamble much at all here! Two hands of black jack and 10$ in slots.The next day our toilet was stuck, called for towels that never came. When we checked out the didnt take anything off for the water not working for one day. Asked the lady to take something off, she took off the upgrade charge for that day. When I got my credit card statement they actually charged us for the room we went to shower in, as well as the upgrade that was suppose to be taken off. Called the hotel and they were confused on how to fix the problem and said they would call me back, which they did 4 hours later.Overall, if you are looking for a cheap place to stay and do not mind taking a taxi to the action part of the strip stay here.	
Mar 4 2009 	Decent stay for the price	Just got back from a weekend trip at The Strat. Overall I liked the place. It's clean and upkept. The rooms are very decent for the price $280 for 4 nights!! They served their purpose, sleeping and getting ready... The top of the tower is unbeleivable! Checking in was a bit of a wait. Not too bad. Dotn really remember checking out... There is a resort fee of $7.50/night that you pay when you check in. The pool at the top of the 25th floor was great. Nice and heated with an awesome view. We did pay a crapload of money for cabs cause of the Strats location, and the cabs are expensive anyway. Wouldnt recommend walking around that area at night... better off taking a cab. So Im not sure if we wouldve saved money by paying a little extra to stay somewhere in the middle of the strip and not having to take cab everywhere... They did skrew up our reservation. I had called a few days before our arrival and asked to be close to our friends' room; next to eachother, on the same floor. They said that was no problem and we could be next to eachother with and adjoining door. We got there and they said there was nothing in the system about that. And we were 3 floors apart. But we could switch rooms the next day and be on the same floor. Not that big of a deal. But overall the place was very decent, worth the stay. Go to Luckys!! Good food great prices and quick service!!	
Mar 2 2009 	A Return Visit...	This is my second stay at the Stratosphere in less than a year's time and I was completely aware of what to expect, but was actually more impressed this time than on my last visit. I was initially upgraded prior to arrival to a Strip View premier room due to the poor attitude of one of their phone reps when making my reservation. When we arrived, there seemed to be some miscommunication and we were given a World Tower room, which was easily corrected with one phone call.Our room was extremely clean and very comfortable. The bathroom was also very clean and well-stocked. I was impressed with the quality of the linens/bedding and pillows that were in the room - something you'd see at a Hilton Garden Inn or a Hyatt Place, not usual in a &quot;standard&quot; room at a Vegas casino hotel! The 8th floor pool is undergoing a $2M renovation, so they converted the (much smaller) 25th floor pool into a family-friendly area. While we were there it was a bit windy, but there weren't a lot of people around, so there was plenty of space to lay out. I'd definitely go back once the renovation is complete on the pool.All in all, I'd definitely return to the Stratosphere and hope to do so before the year is out!	
Mar 2 2009 	Nice place to sleep but that is all	I just got back from my stay at the Stratosphere and was disappointed in it. I had taken a weekend to meet up with friends and have a good time however the nightlife that the Stratosphere offers is a joke. I had been looking forward to Polly Ester's and the Crazy Armadillo but both were a let down. Polly Ester's is closed now (I was told they lost their beer license) and the Crazy Armadillo was dead at midnight on a Saturday. My group were the only ones in the bar except the bar staff which were rude and laughed when were asked where the Crazy Armadillo was. The rooms were fairly comfortable, except our original room in which the floor was drenched and we were told it could take several hours to dry and asked if we could just wait it out. What kind of customer service is that? &quot;Hey, your floor is wet, can't you just wait till it drys?&quot; Over all I'd say pass on the Stratosphere. The shows are so-so, the gaming was bland, the restaurants are run-of-the-mill, and the rooms are just ok. Vegas isn't about par, bland, and ordinary, next time I'll look for something better.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great Stay...can't beat the price either!!	I attended the Magic conference Feb. 15 - 19th with a few of my work colleagues, we all stayed at the Stratosphere. I had never been to Las Vegas before and chose this hotel due to the fact it was close to the conference centre. It is an older hotel, but we found the rooms extremely clean, beds very comfortable, they even had down duvets on them. One of our more seasoned Vegas travelers in the group had just stayed at New York/New York one month prior and said that the rooms at the Strat where just as nice and because it is a older hotel the room's where also more spacious. I would stay there again for sure, especially for 55.00 a night. Location to the LV Conference Centre is great, you can purchase a three day bus pass good for all routes for 15.00. If you like to shop the outlet centre is about a 5 min. bus ride from the Strat. Catch the bus out front of Denny's.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great place	A little out of the way but on the strip with transportation at the door. Very clean good sized room with view of strip. Freindly staff.	
Feb 27 2009 	A little bit far from the middle of the strip but really cheap!	Stayed there with two friends in February during 3 days: one double bed room in the new building, view on the strip...only 40 US$ (to be divided by 3). Can't beat that!The room was quite big, really comfy. The casino is not bad and there is always something to do there. It's a little bit far from the middle of the Strip (you need 1/2 hr by walk, it's ok) but one can still take a bus or a cab. Be careful with the Deuce (public bus), it takes a lot of time as it stops at almost every casino!Great value and cheap price, ideal for students like us for example.	
Feb 27 2009 	We loved our room!!!	Rooms are modern, clean and always had hot water in the shower. The hotel is actually close to the bus stop you take to go the Outlet Mall. So if you like to shop this hotel has a great location. Plus the deauce pick-up is right next to the hotel -to take you down the strip. When booking our room for only $29.00/nite we also received show passes and 2 for 1 discounts on buffet. We loved our stay.	
Feb 25 2009 	Beware The Resort Fee	Though we booked a US Airways flight-hotel vacation package, and was told at hotel check-in that the room was prepaid, they charged me $7.50 a night for this &quot;resort fee&quot;. Complaining at the check-out desk was like talking to a wall. I've complained to US Airways and my credit card. Would never stay here again.	
Feb 23 2009 	I would not stay again.....	My boyfriend and I waited to the last minute to book a room for Valentine's Day weekend and ended up at the Stratosphere.I was nervous and skeptical about staying here after reading all the reviews.The hotel is located all the way at the beginning of the strip, in a seedy area. The check-in went relatively smooth. To my surprise, the room was not dingy or smelly, as I had imagined. It was clean and relatively modern (no flat panel tv).This hotel served its' purpose. I would not stay there again. It was a last resort since we didn't plan in advance. It is far from the action of the Strip. If you don't have a car, I highly recommend a different hotel. We had to drive everywhere.	
Feb 22 2009 	Would Recommend	Stayed for 1 night ... Las Vegas is hurting and deals are available (appeared that an entire section of the Stratosphere was closed off . . . dark at night). Check-in was professional (28 patrons waiting in line at 4:30 PM and it took less than 20 minutes to check them in). The staff, in general, were very helpfull and friendly and ready to help. Room was fine and very clean. I have stayed here previously and will stay here again. Although it's further up the strip, the prices are more than reasonable.	
Feb 20 2009 	Horrible	The service was bad i stood on the 15th floor in a no smoking room but their was a bad odor coming from the room when i complained they did nothing about it i definetly would not recommend this hotel mabe to people i dont like i would recommend it	
Feb 20 2009 	Brilliant!!	Brilliant hotel. It might not be right on the strip but you can get an all day ticket for the deuce for $5. Buffet breakfast was amazing...you name it they had it...and fairly cheap too. Rooms were large with plenty of room, great pool area. We are not really gamblers so didn't take full advantage of the games. Do yourself a favour and book a trip to the Grand Canyon, a long day but VERY VERY worth it.If we ever go back I'd stay have no problem in staying there again, 10 out of 10!	
Feb 17 2009 	Clean low min tables bad food	We had a beautiful viwe of the city from one of the top floors and the beds were very comfortable! We felt like they had been remodled not long ago. The pool was closed, but you didn't know that until you walked a mile and found the one sign right outside the door. Felt like that should have been told at check-in. ( This pool was indoor.) The people that help you at the slots are rude, the rest of the staff is great. Call the concerige to get your return ticket printed. They only have a pay for each min computer and printer and it is a pain. My paper got jammed and no one close had a key. I waited almost 45 min. for help and I had to call the company to get my money back. Don't bother. It was so inconvienent and when I complained to the manager , he was a jerk! But, the place is very clean, if you like to drive the country side during the day, and casino hop at night, you can't beat the location. And it's easy to find your way home! LOL. We never got lost once and we drive all over the place, . Nev is really beautiful.  The biggest draw back is the food is awful. I mean, it is so bad, I would go hungry. LOL. WE went to albertsons and picked a few healthy snack things up and kept them in our room fridge.  Just make sure you eat before you go back to the hotel and you'll be ok. Nope...Not even breakfast! I mean it. Warning...danger will robinson...BAD FOOD!  The casino is great if you are not a big gambler. Low min table's, the dealers are friendly and helpful, and it's not hard to get drinks.	
Feb 15 2009 	Stratosphere was Better Than Expected	We stayed at the Strat for a 3 night stay - yes, the Tahiti Village Getaway. We added another room for our two College kids, and upgraded to the tower. Our check-in was polite and very fast since we had the VIP check-in. Our rooms were ready and spotless. Nice linens, clean, nice smelling. The beds were most comfy and the pillows were wonderful ( I travel with my own, but wouldn't have needed to) We ate in the restaurant near the valet parking quite a bit, and when we informed them we were in a hurry one evening, they were most accomodating. One of the mornings we were there, there was a broken water pipe and the hotel didn't have hot water for several hours. Unfortunately, this did affect us, as we had just been to the fitness center in the hotel. So we washed with icy water, but didn't bother to complain (why?....%$&amp;* happens!) About three weeks later, we received a letter giving us a complimentary stay for one night. We aren't going to go, but it was a nice gesture anyway. It is a little far from the center of the strip, but we had our own car, and also used the monorail. The exercise was good for us. Don't miss the rides up top..... quite terrifying! We also saw the cheesy show.... it was fairly entertaining. Very Vegasy.... what else do you need?As far as the TimeShare presentation.... we were very well prepared. I had told every single person that I spoke to from the first &quot;lure&quot; that we didn't plan on purchasing a timeshare, therefore, I had no guilt whatsoever involved when we made it very clear we weren't interested. When they brought over &quot;guy #2&quot;.... I emphatically stated that our two hour obligation was up and we were not prepared to speak to any other person. They signed our slip... gave us our tickets.... and we were on our way within two hours. I wouldn't have purchased a unit even if I was a wishy washy person.... they really weren't even that nice I thought.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great mid-week package deals	I was looking for an inexpensive pre-Valentine's getaway, so was happy to find package deals at most of the Vegas strip hotels for half to a third of what normal hotels cost in other cities. We drove there, so we were able to save the price of airfare. Our package included an upgraded room, free admission to the Tower, discount show tickets, and coupon booklets. Our upgraded room was a bit worn with stained carpets and old vinyl flooring in the bathroom. We had a view of the parking garage, so I'm worried what their regular rooms looked like. We had to wait in line a half hour to check in on a Sunday evening, so I'd hate to have to check in on a Fri. or Sat! We enjoyed lunch at the revolving restaurant at the top of the Tower. A photographer comes around to take your picture which you can buy for an outrageous price. Views are great though. Didn't try the thrill rides, but they looked scary enough. Also ate at one of their diners, Lucky's, which was fine. The specials are the best deal. The Stratosphere is at the north end of the strip, near a big outlet center. It took us 45 minutes to walk to mid-strip and we ended up taking a taxi back for about eight bucks. Also, a short drive away is Red Rocks Canyon which was beautiful!	
Feb 11 2009 	Don't book the Stratosphere !	Long check in line, room RESERVED not available. I paid extra for a high floor with a view got offered a smoking room than got a room with a view of airconditioners on the ground floor with loud noise from room above. Poor service, key quit working 3 times had to stand in hall to wait for sercurity. Pool closed. Elevator not stoping on your floor. One elevator broke repair guys there for hours. Not a very nice casino.	
Feb 10 2009 	Great Place to Stay	Great stay.-Clean rooms-Nice pool area with bar (busy but not too crowded)-Lots of restaurants, bars and shopping in the hotel-Check in was a bit stressful - woman wrote room # down but didn't tell us what floor it was. Had to go back and confirm which tower and what floor. -Great view of the mountains (saw sunrise from our window the first morning -amazing!)	
Feb 10 2009 	Great Rates for hotel/ Bad Car rental agency	We found great rates for this hotel on Expedia. It is at the far end of the strip so it is a long walk. You can also take the double decker buses up and down the strip. The rooms were clean and the breakfast in the hotel was very reasonable.The line up was quite long to check in but that's what you get for $55 CAD/night.We rented a car from Dollar at the airport. They had great rates $9/day but the lineup was ridiculous - at least 1 1/2 - 2 hrs. I decided to take a taxi to the hotel and go back later but it was still over 1 hr. Only 3 people working each time. I will never rent with Dollar again. All the other agencies had no line up at all and there are at least 8 of them in the building.	
Feb 10 2009 	Great Deal	We stayed here for a weekend in January. My fiance, now husband, and I decided to 'runaway' to Las Vegas to get married, and this is where we chose to stay, while we got married at A Little White Chapel. We got a great deal. It was our first time out to Vegas. While it stunk to be a little far away from the strip, the Deuce for $7 you can ride all day long, and the stop is close to the hotel. The rooms were very clean and spacious. We had a great view of the strip from our room. Unfortunatley on the second night we were there (the night after we got married thankfully) I slipped and fell (apparently I'm a klutz) and hit my head pretty hard. The security staff came up, and then called the ambulance for me and unfortunately went to the ER. While of course it sucked having to go through that, the staff was very attentive and did a good job. The only complaint, our room door wasn't closed when we got back. But thankfully nothing got stolen.Besides the trip to the ER, it was a great trip.We also got buy 1, get 1 tickets for the American Superstars Show at the hotel. It was a great show, and definitely worth seeing.	
Feb 9 2009 	Great deal	I stayed here from Friday night to Sunday night, while staying here during the Consumer Electronics Show. I got an average rate of $78/night, which included their resort fee of $7.50 a day, which makes that low rate they advertise initially, not so low in the end.The Good:- I got a very large double room at the lowest room rate.- Room comes with working TV. - Room was thoroughly cleaned every day.- Friendly desk staff- Free admission to Stratosphere Tower.- Free parking- Great view of I-15 from one of the towers.- Very comfortable; no noise issue.- While neighborhood gets a bad rap from other reviewers, not much of an issue if you have a rental car.- With rental car, location from rest of Strip is not an issue.- They let you check out through your cell phone. I was not going to get out of the room by check-out time of 11 a.m., so I called and they gave me a few minutes. You have to go to desk to get printout of final receipt though.The Bad:- Resort fee of $7.50 a day.- Long walk from room and elevator to parking lot.- Not most centralized location if you have no rental car.- Early check-out time of 11 a.m.	
Feb 7 2009 	Were married here and stayed here...returning this March	I stayed here 3/2006 and we were married in one of the chapels. The hotel was very clean for the price...back then it was around 45 something a room...this year with the slowing economy we are staying for 27 a night. You just can't beat it. We thought of staying somewhere else, but for the price and we know it's CLEAN which is most important we decided to stay again. We use the Deuce for transportation so it's location from central strip isn't a big deal to us. Everyone who helped us with the wedding was great...the photo's were great, but expensive.We seen American Superstars while here with discount tickets...it was fun. Top of the world has a wonderful view and atmosphere, food was just minimal :( We ate at Lucky's Cafe I think it was called...it was good and fair priced!I'm staying again March 8-12, 2009!	
Feb 2 2009 	Clean rooms very nice hotel	It is a clean, nice hotel. It is a ways down the strip, but my husband and I rented a car and actually liked being a little away from the strip. If you are walking then it is probably not the hotel for you. I asked for extra pillows because I have a bad back and they brought right up to me. They even up graded our room when we arrived. I had a pleasant stay and I would definately stay there again!	
Feb 1 2009 	Value	Ok yeah its out of the way.. Not good for first timers or second timers.. However, get a players card.. they send me free offers everymonth for the last 3 years.. The offers are good ones. 3 or 4 free nights and a whole lot of freeplay.. slot tourneys.. food credit ect ect.. Cant beat it if your into the freebies.. Honestly ill stay here a few nights then move to another hotel for a few days when i want the frills.. The deals here are worth it. New beds in 08 and the rooms are more then enough to get a good nights or good days rest.. The pools are cool and fun.. good drinks and parties in the pool area . I have no problm staying here but i have been to Vegas 15 or 20 times and have seen it all.. Good place if your on a budget and you have a rental car.. Dont stay here if this is your first few times in Vegas..	
Jan 31 2009	Love it!	I have stayed here twice now and love it. It's clean, the beds are large and very comfy, bathroom was clean and well equipped with towels, food from room service was good and always served within half an hour of ordering. All the staff we dealt with were helpful and friendly (on both occasions) and the views are okay - but to be honest, who wants to sit in their room staring out of the window all the time?! There is FAR too much to do and see in Vegas. I used the deuce bus on my most recent trip but unfortunately, all the drivers were extremely rude - they are obviously sick to the back teeth of tourists, especially from overseas, and it shows. The fares have risen slightly now - $3 one way and $7 for a 24 hour pass. Still excellent value for money - if you are brave enough. There's also the monorail which runs to/from various hotels on the Strip - again, good value for money at $5 a single trip and $13 for 24 hours but you have to negotiate the hotel lobbies and casinos and end up walking miles just to get to the stations. The nearest stop to the Stratosphere is at the nearby Sahara hotel. Sometimes it's easier just to jump in a taxi (always available at the front of the hotel) - they may be a bit more expensive but are much quicker and more convenient.I really would have liked a tea/coffee making facility and mini bar in my room but for the price I paid, I'm not complaining!	
Jan 28 2009 	Noisy Stratosphere	This was our first trip to Vegas, as part of a three week road trip around the West Coast. The Stratosphere was the first hotel we came across, so we just walked in, and tried our luck at getting a decent room. We were in luck and we got a suite for three nights for $95 dollars a night. The hotel was a fair distance from the strip, but you could get a bus called the &quot;Deuce&quot; easily which would take you down the strip for around $3. The room was nice, with a Jacuzzi,and a big bed. The first night was great, quiet and we both had a decent night's sleep, but on the second night, the noise coming from the Air Con units on the roof was awful, and then if that wasn;t bad enough, the noise then coming from the water system's within the hotel ensured that we didn't get any sleep for the second and third night. We tried changing room's, but to avail, as they wanted us to move all our things out of the room at 3am in the morning!!! We did get a bit of money knocked of the bill. but not a massive amount, around $50. The staff at the hotel were all pretty rude and unhelpful.	
