Nov 15 2009 	Location Location Location	We stayed here one night on a business trip to Nellis AFB. The hotel is practically on the flight line, but most of the noise we heard came from kids running up and down the hall with their parents in hot pursuit screaming at them to &quot;be quiet.&quot; We love La Quintas because they're pet-friendly, the rooms are usually clean and comfortable, and their &quot;Returns&quot; program is terrific. This property rates 3 stars. It would have gotten 4, but when we went down for breakfast the next morning, locusts had apparently gotten there first, leaving only a few slices of bread and a ring around the coffee maker. Other groggy guests were milling about, and nobody on the staff seemed to care, so we packed up and left. This LQ isn't close to the strip, but it's reasonably priced and there's a Walmart next door if you forget your toothbrush. Also, if you bring your dog, there's not really a good place to walk him/her except for some graveled areas around the parking lot. Still, when we go to Vegas on business at Nellis we will probably stay at this LQ again, mainly because of its...Location Location Location.	
Oct 19 2009 	A little far from "The Strip" but yet close enough to enjoy Las Vegas	If your looking for a great deal in Las Vegas this is it. It's about a 15 minutes drive from the strip but if you have a vehicle then it's worth it. Then you don't have to pay the outrageous prices of Las Vegas. It's next to an Air Force Base so it's neat to watch all the Jets. The staff was very nice and helpful. The breakfast could use a meat but overall it's standard. The front desk staff said that their had been a recent remodel and you could tell because the inside is very nice. The carpet is almost due for a shampoo but not bad. Next time we are in Vegas we will be sure to stay here again.	
May 18 2009 	A diamond in the rough	The La Quinta Inn on Nellis is a beautiful hotel! The entire property looks like it is brand new, and the service was top notch. I had been sent to North Las Vegas for business, and was not to excited because I have heard some negatives about the area, but boy was I surprised. The level of service I received was excellent. As soon as I walked into the hotel I was greeted by a cheerful, WELCOME TO LA QUINTA! I thought those days were long gone. The check-in process was a breeze, and the rooms were amazing. The entire staff was very friendly, and helpful. I had a great nights sleep, and the beds were so comfortable I felt like I was sleeping on clouds. They also had a great indoor pool and spa that I enjoyed a great deal, and the complimentary deluxe continental breakfast was delicious, and a nice amenity to be offered every morning! If I am ever in Las Vegas, Nevada I will be staying at the La Quinta Inn on Nellis.	
Apr 29 2009 	Unhappy	When we first arrived, we were greeted by Jeff who was very nice to us and also gave us the jacuzzi room. We were staying there for 7 days 6 nights. The bed was comfortable, everything was fine until we found a dead cockroach on the bed our 4th night there. I went and the front desk person, which was a lady and she sent a maid to our room. When the maid got there, she took the cockroach and said her manager would call us in a few minutes. We were heading out the door but decided to wait. We ended up waiting for 30 minutes. My husband went upfront and the front desk lady accused us of planting the bug there! I was so furious! She just brushed it off like nothing! All she said was that she couldn't do anything and that was that. Later that night we talked to Jeff again and we got a different room and one nights worth money back. Seriously though, we will never go back there. We were so mad and it kind of ruined our trip. One nice person just couldn't make up for the rudeness of the others there!	
Apr 26 2009 	Great for Road Trip Stop on I-15	We were able to use a Travel coupon book to get this hotel for two beds, two people at $59 on a Tuesday and Thursday night in late April. Our arrival time was around 8 to 9 pm, and on Thursday it sounded like they were starting to run out of two-bedded rooms.The hotel itself is excellent, clean, new construction, excellent bedding, VERY quiet, in-room refrigerator and microwave, and free continental breakfast including yogurt, hardboiled eggs and a waffle maker. There is a free computer and fresh fruit available 24 hrs in the lobby. The only real downside (for some) may be the location. It is east of the I-15 on Craig Road, next to the Walmart. The neighborhood might be described &quot;sketchy&quot;. On our second night, there was an arrest going on adjacent to the hotel! We did take the precaution (both nights ) of removing almost all belongings from the car. Since we were on a driving trip to Utah, and not interested in the Vegas experience. E.g., we did not experience any noise from people coming and going late at night and making noise in the hallways. The hotel really worked perfectly for us, enough so that we also stayed here on the way back. All of the staff that we encountered were friendly if a little quirky, but we had no problems at all with the service. On the first night the receptiionist even asked if the room we had was okay. Oh, and we thought it a little odd that they didn't have HBO (although you could get poor reception of Showtime).	
Apr 18 2009 	homeless camp!!	After gagging on the bad air quality in a fancy hotel on the south side of town, I decided to try this place. When I arrived, I was surprised to see several people with their belongings in a shopping cart lying down fast asleep on the sidewalk behind the hotel. I turned right back around and left.	
Sep 10 2007 	Good value for price	Best for what price it was offered for. We had bad experience with the check in though, The service person at the counter was rude. We were kept waiting for more than an hour and then given a room with a smoke smell as a non-smoking room.	
Aug 26 2007 	Be careful - they did not honour internet booking	My partner and I arrived in Las Vegas at around 6 pm on a Monday evening and drove from the airport to La Quinta Inn, Nellis, to check in for one night, booked directly by the hotel's website three weeks previously. We had received confirmation of the booking from them by email. We had chosen this hotel entirely because of the good reviews here on Trip Advisor.We drew up to the hotel at about 7 pm and went to reception to check in. A not very smiling man at Reception informed us that he had no rooms available and that our booking would not be honoured ... he said something like &quot;well, it was only an internet booking ... &quot;. We were tired and not at all happy.He passed us a sheet of paper with a list of other hotels nearby, and their costs and told us that the only other one of comparable standard was the Holiday Inn Express, just across the street. He offered no further help at all and was not even apologetic. No doubt if we had not turned up, they would have charged our credit card for &quot;no show&quot; - yet he offered no compensation for having let us down and not honouring the booking ... he never even offered to telephone another hotel to see if a room would be available for us.So, all in all a horrible hotel and we will never book a La Quinta Inn again.However, this story does have a happy ending ... we went across the street to the Holiday Inn Express Nellis where the staff were just wonderful and welcoming and the entire hotel - which appeared to be brand new - was really excellent and looked a great deal more luxurious than the La Quinta Inn. By the end of the evening, we counted ourselves as lucky.	
May 22 2007 	Nice clean safe hotel near Nellis AFB	Booked the AAA rate directly thru La Quinta's website. Hotel was clean. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. Breakfast was more than continental, including 3 juices, cereals, milk, bagels &amp; bread choices and toaster, muffins, hard boiled eggs, yogurt, coffee, teas, and the best of all - a Belgium waffle maker and little cups of batter. There is fresh fruit in the lobby all day - a nice touch. There's an indoor pool just off the lobby. The hotel sits adjacent to a large Walmart which is very convenient. The surrounding area is pretty sketchy, but all of North Las Vegas is pretty sketchy. We've stayed in the area multiple times visiting my brother who lives and works on Nellis. This was a nice change from the seedy and borderline seedy hotels we've stayed in previously and it's just outside the main gates of the base. Thank you La Quinta for a great visit with my brother prior to his deployment.	
Dec 2 2006 	Value in Vegas	We booked into La Quinta as we were unable to find accomodation closer to our planned location in North Las Vegas. Although the location is quite remote from the centre of Las Vegas and there was little by way of local attractions we were very impressed by the hotel which is obviously fairly new.Reception were most helpful, the room clean, spacious and well furnished and breakfast was plentiful and varied.We did not use the indoor pool but it appeared to be well maintained.Our experience here led to our booking into two other La Quinta hotels during our tour of California/Nevada and our experience of all three made the group our hotel of choice.	
Feb 24 2006	A great place to stay	We stayed at the La Quinta Nellis in January after checking it out on the internet. We wanted somewhere for 5 people to stay in one room (save money) and this was one of the few place I could find. Well, it was wonderful. The 2 queen basic room with folda-bed was fine, but when we asked about a fridge they upgraded us to a 2 queen, double sofa bed &amp; fridge room for free which was clean, spacious and comfortable.The staff were friendly, the pool &amp; spa area was small but very nice and the breakfast was really great. There was a wide variety of food including make-your-own waffles! The location is off the strip (20min. drive) which wasn't a problem for us. I highly recommend this for anyone wanting a small friendly place to stay. Also see my review for the Blueberry Hill restaurant nearby!	
May 18 2008 	Consigliato a tutti		
Jan 24 2007 	La Quinta Inn Nellis war sehr gut!		
