Sep 24 2009 	Motel 6 - Please Don't do it!!!	I just returned from a trip to Vegas and thought I'd get one nights accomodation for a decent price. The price was decent, but it was, without question the worst decsion I have made regarding a motel. Dirty, filthy and a VERY sketchy area. DON'T DO IT!	
Sep 19 2009 	RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!!!	My wife was on a trip to Vegas, got into town late and her group had reservations here. she immediately set up reservations for a hotel that isn't frightening. her description of the room was terrible, included a filthy stained bed and linens and what appeared to be a trail of blood on the floor. bathroom was also filthy. She also said there was an eviction notice in the lobby of the hotel and the bar next door is named &quot;ghetto one bar&quot;. she also mentioned groups of people that looked like trouble hanging around. we have stayed at many hotel6 locations across the country, this one is probably the worst one in the chain. tom bodett should be ashamed!	
Jan 13 2009 	Bait and switch	I booked a 3 bed suite 2 weeks in advance with a confirmed reservation at a price quoted both by a clerk at the property on the phone and the internet. When I arrived the price had magically risen about 20%. No managers were available and the clerk insisted I must have been mistaken: &quot;we never quote that price&quot; even though she acknowledged my rate was on the internet. Next time, get a faxed confirm or better yet, stay away. This is not your typical franchise owned Motel 6 and operates way below their standards.No cups, ice, bath towels, toiletries or morning coffee was provided. No temp control on AC. Back rooms are on street and loud. Despite a large billboard on top claiming ESPN &amp; HBO, they're not there and the TV reception verges on useless. The room interiors are crude from one too many renovations and I have my doubts about how clean they are.TRY ANOTHER!!! THIS ONE ISN'T WORTH IT.	
Aug 12 2008 	Motel Sick	I recently stayed at the motel 6 on 707 fremont avenue and it was a very scary experience. My boyfriend and i stayed in a 1 queen bedroom smoking suite. When we entered the room it was pretty clean, bed was made and towels were hung but...... when i pull the covers back i found to roaches on the bed(disgusting!!!!). The next night from coming from the club i decided to take a shower and notice a brownish black object on the towel,i picked up the toweland found a TICK on one of the batroom towels. Room service does not come and bring towels or clean rooms. You would have to be lucky to find them.If your staying near rooms near the balcony it is adviced &quot;NOT&quot;. There is a complex next to the motel and prostitutes are screaming and arguing all night. There is a club called &quot;Take 1 &quot; next to the motel and if ur planning on sleeping....There are constant arguing and fighting at this club, so you might want to sleep during the morning hours. Don't be fooled by the cable avertisments. They said HBO, Cartoon Network and many others were included in rooms.. but it was a LIE!!! My advise is to....STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!	
Jul 22 2008	Blood on the pillow...	Again , the title should say it all--- sleep in your car instead-- pimps on the stair well, drugs sold in the parking lot, blood on the pillow.	
Jan 2 2008 	The Worst	I started crying as soon as I walked into this room. Literally, I cried. It was AWFUL. The carpet was full of bubbles and stains, the beds tipped, the linens were filthy, neither the clock radio or the TV worked and I'm convinced the front desk clerk was a tweeker. It was too late to find another hotel, so we suffered through it. Do inspections exist for hotels? If so, I am FLOORED that The Good Day Inn passed on any level.	
Nov 7 2007 	Absolutely disgusting -- I'd sleep better in a sewer.	Re-read the title line. DISGUSTING says it all.I previewed the room, and quickly returned the key. I was not offerred another room (could it have been worse?)The carpet was wet. The bathroom counter was burned from cigarettes. The room stunk. There was a chair, but it was broken. I did not even sit on the bed..... It was ruffled, as though it had not been freshly made. The walkways were filthy, and stuff stuck to my boots. I was riding alone on this trip, and all I wanted was clean, comfortable, and safe. This dive offered none of the above.	
Nov 1 2007 	Should be called the Bad Day Inn	I guess I should've taken the advice of two girls who were leaving the hotel when I arrived.... They had been there one night and were leaving because it was so nasty.At first glance, the place seems ok, but a little rough around the edges and like it's being remodeled. Then you start to look a little closer and realize how gross it is. We found stains on the towels, stains on the bed spreads, stains on all the walls. The peep hole on the front door is just a hole- no glass, no metal eyehole piece. Just a hole drilled into the door. The kicker was the next morning when I woke up with BUG BITES all over my legs. When I complained about the unsanitary conditions, the front desk clerk could not have been more apathetic. I'm going to try contacting the manager for money back, because I spent way more than I should have to stay in that dump.	
Oct 9 2007 	Bait and switch	Ditto the 10-3 review. We didn't expect anything but clean. Pubic hairs in the bed, patched ceilings, stained carpet. It will be interesting to see if Travel Worm responds to my complaint. &quot;Birds of a feather...&quot;??? Don't even consider it!	
Oct 3 2007 	Horrible!!!	I recently stayed at this hotel on September 27th thru the 30th. Upon arrival we noticed they were in the middle of remodeling. We had to park our motorcycle in the middle almost right below the swimming pool. All of the other parking areas were roped off. The rooms smelled of paint,the bedding and carpet had stains all over them,the wallpaper in the restrooms was falling down. The T.V.,phone and air conditioner did not work properly in the two rooms I had paid for. The construction workers started working very early in the morning,therefore we could not sleep late at all. After this awfull weekend, the three of us that went found overspray from them painting the swimming pool area on all three motorcycles. I called to speak to the manager and she denied they were even painting the whole time we were there. I asked what were they going to do about this problem and she said nothing. I asked her for the owner of this hotel and she refused to give me any information. This hotel shouldn't even be allowed to be open for business in the condition it is in. I wouldn't even recommend this hotel to my worst enemy.	
Apr 5 2007 	Do NOT stay at this facility	I have never been so disappointed with any accommodations in my travels as we were at Good Day Inn Las Vegas. We have traveled extensively and had our share of mistakes but your facility is the worse. We made arrangement to be at Good Day Inn from 3/9 through 3/12/07. Upon arrival at about 3pm on 3/9/07, it was close to 80 degrees. The room, #305 was musty and warm being closed up all day. We turned on the air-conditioner as we unpacked. After several moments we noticed the air-conditioning did not work. I called down to the desk and was told it would not be turned on until April! The television had no remote control, only had reception for 3 local channels, one which was so poor, you could not watch it, leaving two channels to be watched on “satellite tv?”The wireless internet hookup required a “password.” The desk did not know what the password was. I explained that a screen said “Good Day Inn password required” and was told that no one knew what the password was. Finally I was given the home number of Greg, the computer person. I called and left a message with my room number and my personal cell phone for a return call. To this day, I have not received that call.While unpacking, I nearly bashed my leg against a metal bar that was protruding from the bed frame next to the wall (see photo attached). By this time, we were so distraught we demanded our money back and we would find other accommodations. We were told that the first night would be withheld no matter what. The next morning upon checking out, we noticed a dead bird in the parking area which had obviously been there quite sometime. Above our vehicle under the carport were huge leaking holes. The holes exposed pipes that were dripping causing liquid to pool on the top of our vehicle and dangerous puddles all over the ground. The whole experience would not have been quite so traumatic had we not read on the internet that the facility provided: (copy of page provided for your convenience)-satellite television-dial-up internet connection-coffeemakers (there was no coffeemaker, big surprise)Nothing in the internet information was true or provided. I feel this is a huge fraud and misrepresentation on the part of Good Day Inn-Las Vegas. As a burned client and traveler of Good Day Inn, I intend to advise other unsuspecting persons of our incredibly disastrous experience by posting this correspondence on the Web.Please clean-up your act and your facility to be what you propose it to be.	
Mar 27 2006	Horrible experience all the way around	Let me start by saying I wasn't expecting much out of a 1 star motel so that isn't the problem. I was expecting clean and simple. According to the website there is 25&quot; tv's or larger, satellite cable, a pool, deluxe continental breakfast, coffee pots, alarm clocks...none of which exist. We had booked 9 rooms for a party of about 36, many of them children. We were originally booked at a different hotel, but they moved us to the &quot;Good Day Inn&quot; on Fremont Street and assured us it was OK. When we arrived at 10:30pm our room still had piles of dirty towels, and trash in the room. I had to move into another room. Then the rooms was still dirty. (See pictures of carpet) The towels have never seen bleach, they are smelly and gray. (so are the sheets).The t.v's in all the rooms didn't work and were small and old. NO cable. The next morning in the bride's room, her two year old found a crack pipe on the edge of the mattress. The manager finally showed up to talk to us, but didn't help. I have pictures of the crack pipe also. Paint flooded the bed of one of our people's truck (it was leaking from the second floor, they sent him to the car wash). The pool was empty and shut down due to plumbing not up to code. There is NO continental breakfast, not even doughnuts. The plumbing backed up in many rooms (several people in the lobby complaining with us) as well as did ours even though we hadn't used it. (someone elses brown floaties...ick) We spent our whole trip trying to talk with managers. No one would even give us the owners name, and the main managers wouldn't give us the time of day. We are filing with the BBB. There were prostitutes roaming the parking lot, and trash under the stairs. (see pics)There were really too many issues to count. Rooms that looked more like they would rent by the hour was not our idea of a good place to put our kids. Many of us ended up sick all the way home. (literally vomiting in the car). We still have not gotten anybody other than a desk manager to talk with us, even though we went to the main office at 5100 Paradise Rd. in Las Vegas and waited for a 'real' manager. Still no help, we were told the manager we would have to talk to was in California on a trip. Stay away from here!!!!	
Dec 28 2005	Not good enough	Booked it for a resonable price on Xmas weekend.However, I guess it was not worth the save.The decore seemed kind of old, the bathroom paint was coming off.The sheets and the towels had some smell in it (as if they were used to wipe cooking oil before the wash).I would suggest avoding the hotel as far as possible.	
Jun 2 2005	expected little got less	this place was the worst ever. I didn't expect much because of the price, but nothing could have prepared me for what we got. There is a pool on the property but it contains no water. The elevators were smelly, slow and one of our party was stuck inside when the doors would not open. Take the stairs. The sheets were too small for the bed and we found a red stain on one of our pillows after the case fell off during the night. The TV had 1 channel that worked. The remote didn't work with the TV at all. The phone had the wrong room number on it and the drapes weren't hung properly and were ripped, allowing plenty of light to come through. I would never stay at this property again and I would not recommend it to anyone.	
Mar 30 2005	worst hotel ever	We had to buy lysol to try to help the smell. We also had air freshners in the room. None of this helped. We had no heat in the room and everything wasfilthy. We asked for clean pillow cases and never did get them. When we went down the stairs the first morning there was a person sleeping on a piece of cardboard. He had better accomidations than we did.The elevator also smelled of urine so we even had to spray it the one time we rode it.The rooms were very filthy. Rooms that are rented by the hour are probably better than this one!!!!!!!!!!! DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!	
Oct 21 2004	STAY AWAY	On a one to ten scale, ten being the best, this hotel doesn't even rate a one. We had a 3 day reservation and left after the first night. The WORST hotel I've stayed in. AAA actually has it listed as a 2. We have always relied on AAA.NEGATIVES1) Bad Neighborhood (didn't see ANY security).2) Garage Smelled really bad.3) Room had a nasty smell to it.4) TV was DIRTY and OLD (afraid to touch it).5) Beds were LUMPY and OLD6) Stains on bedspreads.7) Dirty Carpet8) Dirty Walls and wallpaper coming off walls.9) Bathroom sink had rust stains in it.10) Slow drainage in the bath/shower.POSITIVES1) The Hotel Clerk was pleasant while we checked out after the first day. Remember, we had a 3 day reservation.AVOID IT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !	
Oct 12 2004	Worst hotel I ever stayed in.	Bad place, bad neighborhood. Pool was closed for code violations, linens had stains, no remote control, no temp control in room. Choices are an ice box or an oven. Way over priced. Days Inn and AAA should look at this one. Stay away	
Sep 7 2004	Worst Days Inn Ever!	I have stayed at a lot of Days inn's over the years most of them are very clean and comfortable. This one is by far the worst. The hotel is run down and dirty. On check in we were told that there were no smoking rooms available, ok fine. When we got into the room the smell almost knoced us over, it smelled like a dead body had been in there for weeks. The room was drab and dirty, faded and peeling paint, just awful. The pool was locked up and when asked about when we could use it the girl at the desk said she would have to &quot;ask the manager&quot;. We walked throught he hotel and noticed that is was over half empty, no other rooms available huh? The next morning the pool was still locked up tight. We didin't get much sleep because of the noise and smell in the room. That day we cancelled our reservations for the rest of the week and checked in at the Super 8 across the street for about the same price. A much nicer hotel to be sure.I would not recommend that anyone try to save a few bucks by staying at this dump.	
Sep 7 2004	Do Not Stay Here	Do not stay at this hotel. The corporate arm of Days Inn should be embarrassed by this hotel. If you stay at this hotel expect the following. 1. A large buildup of dust on the intake vent for the air-conditioning unit. 2. Black stuff on the ceiling where the air-conditioning blows. 3. Beds that have seen many years of service that they sink toward the middle. 4. Employees who speak profanity in front of guests. 5. Rooms that smell of smoke even though they are non-smoking. 6. Stains on the carpet and scuff marks on the wallpaper. It's just a bad hotel.	
Jul 28 2004	Beware of this place.	I just wanted to take time to warn families to stay away from this motel. My family stayed here over the Valentines day weekend and had a horrible experience. The room was a literal joke and the front desk could not change it because they were full. The toilet was backed up when we arrived; it took 6 hours and several trips to the front desk to get anyone to respond. In the meantime we were without a restroom. The bathroom ceiling was falling down and the wallpaper was pealing off the walls in the rest of the room. The three levels of rooms surround a parking courtyard and creates an echo. The noise from motorcycles vibrates through each room all night. It is so bad that car alarms would go off. Although it is only a couple blocks from the Fremont Experience the neighborhood is very scary, my wife did not want to walk the few blocks to the Experience because she didn't feel safe, and there was no visible security present. The front desk makes no effort to resolve any issues, and to top it off, they double billed our credit card which took three months to resolve.	
Sep 15 2003	absolute worst	Check out my review on Digitalcity. I just wanted to take time to warn families to stay away from this motel. They have a huge suite and I thought it was a good deal when I made the reservation but boy did I regret it when I got into the room. One more thing, we were in the ground floor and the window faced the street where we heard motorcycles rumbling all night and people talking while walking by. Thank goodness the window had bars on it. The bed was probably at least 20yrs old as it sagged about half foot in the middle.	
Feb 3 2003	Value for money	Spacious, clean rooms, nice staff, a pool and a few minutes from the Fremont Experience. Great rates!Neighbourhood can be a bit scary at night but there is security on the premesis. Ample parking. I would go there again.	
Mar 3 2009 	???????????????		
