	Best Place to Stay on the Strip	Where else to celebrate a 21st b-day other than Las Vegas. Trying to decide on a hotel was hard with so many to choose from, but i am very glad this is the one i picked. We had a lake view room which was beautiful to watch the fountains and view the strip and mountains in the background. The room was fully equipped with everything you could need and want. The hotel had wonderful scenery and lots of detail. The spa was one of the best and the hotel offered many amentities. after touring the other hotels i recommend this hotel because it was beautiful and relaxing and i didn't feel like i was in a mall like the other hotels made me feel. The casino was nice but the food was a little pricey and we were never that hungry only complaint we wanted a place for a quick bite to eat but a variety of something to choose from, but everything is expensive on the strip.	
	Romance retreat package at Bellagio highly recommended!	This was a truly memorable package offered by the Bellagio. Check out the Bellagio web-site for further info. It's a splurge for a night, but it was well worth it. My BF and I enjoyed fantastic service, from the limo transport and VIP check-in, to the couples massage (Mike intuitively knew exactly where the sore spots were!), to the magical dining experience at Picasso (my BF cannot stop raving about the fallow deer he had), to the stunning Cypress suite (loved the &quot;his&quot; and &quot;hers&quot; ensuites and the incredible view of the fountains from the panoramic windows), I cannot imagine a better experience than this. We ordered room service for breakfast, it was delivered promptly, and was very tasty. The only negative comment I will include here is the call I had to make to housekeeping when we checked into our suite. Both ensuites have an in-laid carpet in the center of the marble floor, and these carpets had clearly NOT been vacuumed, as they were covered in hair. It was quite noticeable and I was disappointed in that obvious lack of housekeeping. Housekeeping did send someone immediately to vacuum, and the rest of our stay was seamless and very pleasant. Do yourself a favour and book this package before it disappears.	
	Amazing college graduation gift trip	My husband and I delivered on a promise to take our 2 daughters on a trip to Vegas. This trip was planned in September and taken during the 3 days before our US Thanksgiving holiday. My husband and I have traveled throughout much of the world and stayed in many top rated hotels. The Bellagio suite(exact name) was by far the most comfortable room we have ever stayed in on any of our travels. We had a full sized living room and dining table for our family. The room included his and hers bath sections plus a powder bath. You never see suite rooms like this in Europe! We booked a deluxe Lakeview room for our daughters and they could not have been happier.We ate at Jasmine our first night. The music playing to the Bellagio fountains was an amazing sensory experience. This is a do not miss if you are staying in this hotel. Our last night we ate at Olives restaurant(spectaular) just be forewarned it is very pricy. If you want to see Cirque d Soleil &quot;O&quot; at their theater do not wait until you arrive. Book at least 2 weeks early if you want good seats.	
	Can't wait to go back!	My husband and I stayed at the Bellagio for one week in November 2009. First of all it is the ultimate spot on the strip. It has the best view (if you get a lakeview room which is highly recommended) and it is the center of &quot;the strip.&quot; The hotel is spectacular. There are a couple minor things that can be updated in the rooms and around the hotel but for the size of the hotel and the amount of people passing through it each day (which is in the thousands-no kidding) it looks amazing! Check-in took about 15 minutes but moved rather quickly for so many people being in line. This is a huge resort with people from all over the world traveling to see it, so, don't expect to be the only ones arriving. The staff work hard to accomodate hundreds of people at a time. Anyway, the room service is great, twice a day. It's wonderful to come back from brunch or dinner and have the bed made. If you take full advantage of the services the hotel provides, than you barely lift a finger. After a long week there we had a lot of shopping bags and the hotel gladly brought boxes to our room and picked them up when wewere done to ship them for you from the Business Center. People have complained about the smoke in the hotel but, hello, this is Vegas and it's a Casino-what do you expect! It's perfectly quite in the rooms and you never get disturbed. In-Room Dining is fantastic and reasonably priced for a luxury hotel. My one fear was having a room double booked b/c I have read that this is a problem at the Bellagio occasionally. I was assured upon our arrival that this would never happen and sure enough we were resting before dinner on our 5th night and someone was using a key to get into our room. Luckily we had the lock on the door. We spoke with a manager, who was very nice and apologetic. We weren't looking for any comps or anything b/c we really just wanted to inform her of the situation. She gave us new keys and made sure there weren't any duplicates. Later that night we received a message from the front desk saying that she has removed any charges for the room service we had ordered. That made us feel a little better b/c of the way she handled the situation and spoke with us face to face. Again, this is a ridiculously large resort with so many people (tourists and locals) passing through, so you can't expect 100% perfection but they certainly do everything they can to accomodate and make your stay as pleasent as possible and make up for any faults. The Buffet is great for breakfast and dinner but only once or twice b/c the food never really changes. Warning: the Buffet price doubles over the weekend. Noodles is a great asian spot for lunch and Sensi is fabulous for dinner. We recommend the surf and turf at Sensi. The flavors are incredible. Fix restaraunt had a great atmosphere but the entree was flavorless and skimpy for the price. We enjoy eating good food and are not afraid to spend for a good meal but Fix was not our favorite. Almost every night we enjoyed a Caramel Latte and Gelati from the Gelato Cafe near the pool-it happens to be just a few feet past the guest elevators. Speaking of guest elevators, they have security standing there making sure you have a key or you cannot have access. It makes you feel much safer in such a big place. There is someone to assist with everything you do. You need a taxi and they are lined up outside the hotel at any time, better than any other hotel. We called the concierge whenever we needed tickets to shows, or reservations for restaraunts and they easily took care of things for us. We saw &quot;O&quot; Cirque De Soleil at the Bellagio which made it so easy to get there and be seated right away. There are assigned seats, so, no wait or heavy line to push through. It was a fantastic show with colors, music and amazing talents. We also saw Zumanity Cirque De Soleil at the New York, New York b/c we loved &quot;O&quot; so much. Zumanity is the adult show 18+ and it was fantastic but had less acrobatics and more comedy. You need to be open-minded and not shy for this one. Also, get a couple rows back for each show or you might get WET in &quot;O&quot; or picked to participate in Zumanity. Also, when you call the concierge or front desk, the answer the phone by your name, which saves you the trouble of giving all of your information.The Conservatory is gorgeous and themed for each season. It is a great spot to take pictures since the colors jump out at you. There is always someone cleaning around the hotel and you can tell they do there best to keep it a 5 star. When you visit other hotels and step back into the Bellagio, you realize how incredible the atmosphere and luxury of this hotel is. The fountains are there pride and glory and give you this amazing feeling. It is worth watching a show from the outside terrace and from the inside of your lakeview room. We went to the top of the Eiffel Tower and saw the fountains from above which is breathtaking.Overall, it is the ultimate place to stay in Vegas. People that know Las Vegas, know that the Strip is a very expensive place to stay, eat, play and shop. Do not visit the Las Vegas Strip if you are finacially challenged. It WILL cost much more than you planned. There are other gorgeous modern hotels but they do not have the views and location. We can't wait to visit the Bellagio again soon.	
	Amazing!!!!!	We stayed here for one night at the end of our 4 night stay in Vegas with friends. Check in was quick and easy, we were put on the same floor as our friends. The room was amazing, Clean, big and the bathroom was great. The room we had was a deluxe lakeview room so the massive window overlooking the fountains was beautiful. We had all six of us in the room with a bottle of champange and watched the fountains in the dark with the music on the t.v. All I can say is one of the best nights ever!!!!! I was sad that it was only one night there in the end. I would deffinately stay again next time!!!	
	High Expectations met!	It is perhaps unfair on the Bellagio that expectations are so high before you arrive that you maybe fail to appreciate the quality of the hotel. As expected, everything was superb - the bathroom and the view were our favourite features. We stayed in the Spa Tower and initially were put-off by the constant drooning noise on the 26th floor. We were quickly relocated with a minimum of fuss and went on to have a great experience in the hotel. Everything was perfect and the extra things to do in the hotel should be appreciated - the indoor garden and freshly made crepes were highlights for us. This hotel is much more than another casino with rooms and the famous water fountain never fails to take the breath away.	
	oceans 11	Pool area fantastic, rooms fantastic, choice of resteraunts good, fountains spectacular, location fantastic( most places are in walking distance) 3 days is enough in vegas.	
	Beautiful Place Horrible Service	While the design and decoration is stunning, the lack of customer service is as stunning for a five star hotel. Every staff member I came into contact with was rude, curt and just plain unfriendly. I work in HR and seeing this type of behavior, this makes me think it comes from the top.	
	Bellagio - Las vegas	Lovely hotel been there twice and would go again.	
	great poker room	went to play poker in vegas. great hotel for that reason only. other than that is overpriced. fountains were amazing	
	easy to like.look for deals	We were able to get a good deal due to the time we were traveling and booking way in advance. Even though we checked in early and the front desk was a madhouse we got a room right away. Dumped the bags and took off with friends. Easy to catch a cab to other hotels/casinos if we didn't want to walk.Enjoyed a leisurely late lunch at the cafe,enough food that we only needed a snack the rest of the day.You had other places to hang out besides the casino.Felt very luxurious, not as overdone as other hotels we saw on the Strip	
	Beautiful but expensive	The Bellagio has a very impressive entrance lobby and if you are lucky enough to have paid for a suite then you don't have to spend too much time there as you can jump the massive check in/out queue. The experience at the Bellagio is great if you can afford not to look at the bill. All the restaurants have inflated prices as do the shops. The service is good though.	
	Fabulous - cheer up check in staff though!	The only negatives I have were that the check in staff were beyond miserable and if you get given a room in the spa tower it is likely that you will be able to hear the maintenance noise. We complained though and were moved to the main tower. The views of lake bellagio are immense and the beds incredibly comfortable. Great central strip location. Housekeeping staff were brilliant.	
	Loved it!	Stayed in a standard room but with the fountain view. I know you aren't in your room for long, but when you are...what a view!Lovely, spacious rooms. Big comfortable beds, big bathroom etc. Awesome location in the middle of the strip. The buffet for breakfast is a bit much, but for dinner is great. Make sure you try the Noodles restaurant....YUM!Overall, great stay and would certainly stay again.	
	great !!!	great shops loved the fountain show..but eoom service was horrible and overpriced	
	View of the Fountains	The hotel as a whole is fantastic, very classy but... the rooms with a view to the fountains are getting very old, beds were small, and could hear next door neighbours in the bathroom. The view of the fountains from the room was spectacular. We stayed here the previous year in the newer wing, this room was heaps better, new and didn't hear the neighbours. We also had great view of the strip and fountains from the room. If you stay I would recommend this part of the hotel.	
	Perfect stay	Having stayed at the Wynn in a Parlor Suite 4 months ago, I was a bit worried to try the Bellagio, I feared we would be disappointed. Fortunately we had a fantastic week-end there!We had requested a pick-up at the airport, it was a standard Bellagio Limo, offered by the hotel. We had made a reservation for a 1-bedroom penthouse and we were lucky enough to be upgraded to a huge executive suite (233sqm / 2515sqf - 9 phones - 5 flat-screen TVs from a small one in the bathroom to a 60&quot; one in the dining room) located in the Spa Tower.View from the bedroom was very nice (towards the Paris &amp; lake) but it was not so great from the living room (back of the hotel and train station / City Center).We had access to the executive lounge (no long queues) and line pass. Breakfast buffet was fabulous, but I was not impressed at all with the décor.Use of the minibar was complimentary (I do not know if it was a favor thanks to Amex Centurion).Overall I would say that public parts are less impressive than the Wynn, and you have to walk a lot more. But the situation on the Strip is unbeatable, and value is much higher (depending on the season I guess).For those who wonder if it is possible to enjoy the swimming pool by late November, at least in 2009 yes it was! Several pools were closed but there was still one, large enough, with people sunbathing and having a swim.	
Nov 25 2009 	Met Our High Expectations	We were lucky enough to stay in a lake view &quot;TDK&quot; - tower deluxe king room on the 28th floor of the Bellagio. The views were simply stunning. A highlight of our trip was watching each of the fountain shows from our room (the music is piped in through the television). The room was nicely appointed - especially the bathroom. The TDK rooms are corner rooms providing windows on the front and also on the sides of the room (including over the whirlpool tub). The bathrooms are larger than a Bellagio standard room, and feature a separate shower and W.C. Our bed was very comfortable. Housekeeping was excellent and very friendly. Service was equally outstanding at the front desk, bellman desk and valet.We were always greeted by name and with a smile (the valet has a simple little trick, so that when you return they say &quot;hello Mr. ___, welcome back&quot;). Contrary to another reviewer, before leaving the room, we were able to call down for our car. It was always ready by the time we got downstairs. The buffet was very good. However, we saw no difference between the $38 buffet on Friday night and the $28 buffet on Sunday night. The same &quot;gourmet meats&quot; were present (ostrich, Kobe beef) and the all-important sushi selection was identical both evenings. (Tip: For a delicious buffet at a great value, try the beautiful new M Resort about 15 minutes south of Bellagio just off of I-15.)Bellagio must mean &quot;huge&quot;. The walk from the room to the car is extremely long (even without stopping at a table to place a bet). However, we saw this as a blessing given the amount of food and drink consumption during our 4 day stay.We walked through the pool area. It was too cool for us to swim, but there is a gorgeous and elegant swimming area. The truly wealthy can reserve a luxurious private cabana (we estimate more than 30 around the pool).The only negative moment for us came at the sports book. The clerk there was somewhat rude and seemed bothered by our newbie questions. But, still, the sports book watching the NFL on Sunday was a blast. (Get there before 9 a.m. for a seat.) Surprisingly, this is only one of a few casinos offering free drinks in the sports book. And, the Bellagio serves excellent alcohol (call brand hard liquor, as well as imported beers).	
Nov 25 2009 	Fancy decor okay amenities great staff expensive eateries	The Bellagio in Las Vegas is beautiful. It's big and marble and filled with lovely flowers and seasonal decor. I loved the conservatory area, very creative and fun to look at. The staff was always friendly, smiling and ready to help. From the front desk clerk, the concierge, and the housekeeper, they were all great. Our room was nice, very comfortable and clean. The bathroom was great with a nice shower. One negative I have about the room is a lack of a coffee pot. I don't think I've ever stayed at a hotel that did not offer you a way to make your own coffee in the room. Aside, from that I think the room was great. We had an excellent view. The Jean-Phillipe Patisserie was a fun place to visit, looking at all the cakes on display and all the goodies they offered there, like gelato, pastries, crepes and candies. However, the prices were a bit high, $12 for two coffees, come on people. And the crepes? They were great but $35 for a small lunch is a bit crazy. But then again, that's Vegas.The spa was great, lovely decor, helpful staff and wonderful treatments. http://reviews.houseofskip.com	
Nov 24 2009 	Right Hotel	First visit to Las Vegas, 10hrs 45min flight (torture). Had originally booked the Luxor, but as a surprise for my husband (big birthday) paid extra and moved hotels before departure from the UK. At this point I must say this was the right decision. Bellagio is the most central of hotels on the strip. When we arrived check in was empty so that was quite quick although couldnt get a fountain view room (shame) Reception staff a bit stand-offish. Hotel is beautiful bit Disney (Talking Tree). Casino is nowhere near as smokey as I expected (and yes I am a smoker) needed a cardi in the evening because air con is so good. A security guard is located by the lift lobby to check you have room cards (for the safety of your room belongings and yourself) didnt find this a problem at all and our room was really close to lifts which was a result as corridors looked like they went on forever, rooms are good, little dark and maybe update TV's but didnt go to Vegas to stay in a room 24/7. Seem to win most of our winnings in Bellagio? Took us two days to adjust to the time difference but there is an 24 eatery 'Cafe Bellagio' but felt weird eating at 3am in the morning (and yes people were still gambling). Also used 'Snacks' for a quick sandwich &amp; coffee, did the Buffet Breakfast queued a little not bad (food was plentiful) No coffee/tea maker in room (took a travel kettle with me as like to wake up with a hot drink). Dont touch anything in the minibar as it is all weighted and if it registers a lower weight you are charged for the item.There are loads of places to eat along the strip so you dont have to pay 5 star prices everyday. Whilst in Vegas saw the 'Blue Man Group' (ok) and 'The Jersey Boys' (great would like to see again). Both booked with the Concierge. Used the Monorail, entrance by Ballys just use the overhead walkway (Some of the hotels are linked together by corridors on the side so sometimes you dont even realise you have left one and entered another). Started at one end of the strip 'Stratosphere' and got on &amp; off at every stop and investigated as many Hotels/Casino's on the strip as we could and we didnt miss many but our legs were rigid by end of day, did ask another tourist where M&amp;M World was she said only one block away, that felt like a mile. Didnt really use cabs apart from seeing the shows in the Palazzo &amp; Venetian, BUT wanted a really nice meal and a cab driver recommended 'Lawrys' - great meal/steak. Also Cheecake to die for at the 'Cheesecake Factory' inside Caesars Palace (even took a piece to go) Will I go back, yep as soon as possible but will probally stay at Paris Hotel as would still get the Bellagio Fountain View but at a lower price. More money for shopping...lol. So much to do &amp; see but not enough time. Grand Canyon next time and didnt get to Treasure Island , Mirage, Wynn, Luxor considering how many hotels there are actually didnt miss very few. As a closing point I just need to point out I hate gambling, but I've been converted 'Viva Las Vegas'.	
Nov 23 2009 	Everything that is Vegas	This hotel is everything that you would expect in Vegas, it is grandiose to the extreme and the size of it cannot be exaggerated. This was my second stay at the property on business and yes you can combine business with pleasure. Service is pretty good and the rooms are of a standard 5* nature. I was not expecting to have to pay USD 25 everytime I went to the gym, this is excessive and left a bad taste in my mouth. Food options were varied and quality was pretty good and as the hotel is on the strip its a short walk to other hotels and outlets. Make sure you get a room overlooking the fountains as this adds to the experience. would be much more fun to take a partner/wife with you and that's exactly what i plan to do next year......	
Nov 22 2009 	The Bellagio - An Icon in Las Vegas	There may not be a reason to leave the Bellagio while in Las Vegas. The property contains enough visual treats and activities that, in a short stay, may be more than adequate for the guests. The standards for the hotel are high and meet the level of the finer hotels in Asia. The rooms and baths are large and well-decorated. If the price is reasonable, then the Bellagio should be highly considered for a hotel in Las Vegas.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great Birthday Weekend at the Bellagio	We had a great time at the Bellagio in Feb 2009. Rooms were very clean/comfortable and the service exceptional. We enjoyed the dancing waters shows day and night. Food was quite pricey but we did treat ourselves to a couple of nice dinners.Although the lobby is quite noisy and crowded, check in was very quick and are room was ready earlier than we expected.We did visit the club located on the premises one evening and had a great time. The Gentlemen have to pay around $30 but Ladies get in free with complimentary passes that were given to us in the casino.Overall it was a great weekend stay at the Bellagio!	
Nov 21 2009 	Massive!	This hotel sums up Vegas. In a square mile on the strip there is 17000+ bedrooms! Coming from dublin and being in this industry it was a learning curve. Do not stay here if you want personal service as there could be up to 7000+ guests (3800 bedrooms). There was at least a 15 min queue for breakfast each morning mid week.However the rooms, location, fountains and lobby are all top class. Its in the middle of the strip opposite the mono-rail within walking distance of all attractions. Had a meal in Prime and was excellent .Rooms clean and have all you need. Would reccomend this hotel if you get a deal and would stay here again.	
Nov 20 2009 	Truely 5* and luxury at its Las Vegas best!	First thing noticed, Foyer = WOW! This place is a cut above the rest. Spotless common areas. Deluxe Room = luxurious, plush bedding, massive bathroom . $445 for 2 nights (3 adults). The pool area is out of this world, very luxurious, u feel like a celebrity! Free fresh towels (x2) every day and a few big hot jacuzzis. Now onto the real highlight of this place, the buffet! £30 for all you can eat, and this place is OUT OF THIS WORLD! All the meats and sides you can think of for every international cuisine, fresh made sushi, crab legs, veal, sea bass, venison, poke (hawaiian raw fish delicacy), millions of desserts, free unlimited soft drinks. This is a truely hidden gem (and very good value for money)recommended to me by a friend! It doesnt stop there as there is also an unlimited breakfast buffet which is just as amazing. Everything you can think of for a great (and filling) start to the day! Go direct to website and check for a good deal before booking. Great casino, u will get free drinks but dont get shouted at for not giving a good tip!! haha.	
Nov 20 2009 	Does not live up to its reputation!	First impressions on check in are of how enormous and busy the hotel is - checked into our room which was dark and dreary, with a view of a massive building site - not quite what we were expecting - when we requested to change rooms we were told that there was no other room available so had to stay put. The fountains are pretty but that is about it really - service was not good and the whole place was just teeming with people everywhere - a relief to check out after 3 days! To be fair, I have no idea how it compares to other hotels in Las Vegas, but I wont be going back again!	
Nov 19 2009 	Not as great as I thought it would be.	We just returned from our stay at the Bellagio. The check in went fairly easy, impersonal, but ok. We found our room, the view of the fountains was fantastic. Luckily my husband knew that they had a station on the TV that played the music because we could not find any information about this in the room, we had to call the front desk to find out the channel it was playing on...22. We discovered some sort of dried excriment on our toilet, near the handle for flushing. We called down to housekeeping on day one, it did not get cleaned. On day 2 we were walking in the lobby and happened to run into the Hotel Manager, we told him about the mess on the toilet, he promised to walk through the room himself and take care of it. He did not. The grossness was still there. It was dried on mind you so I was not about to scrub it off my self! Day 3 we happened to come back while housekeeping was there and we showed it to him. He finally cleaned it up, but was slow and not very friendly while we waited for him to finish cleaning the room. We did have a delightful breakfast at the Billagio Cafe. We were not impressed with the overall experience at such an expensive hotel.	
Nov 19 2009 	Very pretty but lacking in service	See review title above. The hotel's a visual extravaganza but we found its service, particularly at check-in and in the cheaper restaurants, to be quite hit and miss.	
Nov 18 2009 	Amazing!!	Amazing hotel and service. Concierge set everything up before hand from a suprise breakfast in bed for the bday girl, to arranging flowers to be waiting at the restaurant for us. Rooms were very nice, we had a view of the pool which was cute. Didnt eat at any of the restaurants inside the hotel although next time will def check out Yellowtail. Planning on going back this Feb again and will def stay there. 	
Nov 18 2009 	Smoke filled place -- stay away!	This place is crowded and beyond smoked filled. I could barely breathe and had to check out immediately.	
Nov 18 2009 	LUXURY	Coming from a small town in Wales staying in this hotel was like finding oneself in a diferent world. Awesome !	
Nov 17 2009 	Much Improved	My husband and I made our annual trip to Las vegas Oct 6-9th. We always stay at the Bellagio, our fav. Upon our last visit, I noticed the customer service had really declined. Everything else, Cyprus Suite, Michael Mina, Olives, was spot on, but limo service, which I paid for had serious problems. Biggest issue no resolution to things easily fixed. Other things like housekeeping believing my room was a lounge, things missing from room that should have been there. I could go on and on and on, but it would take to long.This visit was much improved. Lakeside Penthouse suite. I highly recommend it, provided you hit the sale rates, which I did. Le Cirque is still one of the best French restaurants I have eaten in. I recommend seabass over braised leeks. Michael Mina/Joseph Phelps winemaker dinner, superb. For you wine nuts, Insigna wine is spectular. Please attend the wine dinners, they are fabulous. Olives good for lunch. Most improved, having Executive Suite lounge and checkin. Bellagio has caught up to Skylofts and Wynn Tower Suites ABOUT TIME. Limo, however still never showed up, but they comped dinners, so I will survive. All in all much better than the last stay. Almost as good as the 1st. Lastly, eat at Mesa Grill. Frankly, Bobby Flay seems jerky to me, but he makes damn fine food and drinks.	
Nov 17 2009 	5-star hotel w/ a few disappointments	First let me say this: The Bellagio is a gorgeous hotel. It was such a treat to stay there during my husband's conference. Let me now tell you some things I found out: you have to pay for wireless internet service ($25 for 24 hours), you have to pay to use the fitness room($25) , there is no coffee in your room (costs $5 a cup from the cafe), there is no complimentary breakfast with your night's lodging. IF you are fortunate enough to be wealthy, you have no worries. If you are splurging for a special occasion, DO IT! But if you are average income folks like us, stay somewhere where these amenities are included and come visit the Bellagio. It costs nothing to watch the fountains outside or visit the conservatory inside.	
Nov 17 2009 	Not what i thought 5 stars would be....But they fixed it!	husband and i checked into the Bellagio at 10:30 am on a sunday. We didn't think the room would be ready yet- but she found us one. she asked if we wanted a king or 2 queens ? we said whatever has the better view! she said that a fountain view room would be an extra $20 per nite. Oh well- then she said if you don't mind a low floor she could put us in our room now! we said cool- reminded her of our need for a fridge for my insulin. She said she would send that right up. so we went to check out room 620 on the 11th floor. not too far from the elevator but the walk from the lobby was LONG!!! Even worse later when i was pulling my suitcase from the parking garadge to our room!!!so the room was lovely =) kingbed and nice linens. the room also had a desk and chair and a big armoire with the tv and the mini bar and bar accessories, it also had a nice size table and two comfy chairs. the bathroom was nice all marble- seperate tub and shower- two sinks and toilet (all in the same room nothing seperated) two robes were hanging in the closet! the safe was very narrow- and would only hold a mini laptop. my camera was too wide to fit in there. we had a view of paris and ballys and The FOUNTAINS too! we were so excited =)soon the housekeeping staff brought up the fridge and plugged it in and set it for us- dh tipped him and we took off for the spring preserve.when we came back later someone had taken our fridge!!! after a long run around we finally got a fridge back- now i could put my meds away- so not off to a great start.That nite went to bed and we were woken around 3 am to an eeeepppp, eeeeppppp, at the moment we thought it was an alarm in a nearby room going off!! found some earplugs (thank god) and went back to sleep( i could still faintly hear it but it was better than nothing!) so the next night we go to bed and the same thing happend. it was 3:15 am and there it was- so i went wall to wall in our room with my ear against the wall trying to find the direction the noise was comming from --it was construction outside!! well we couldn't sleep after that- we think the maid threw away the earplugs! so we tossed and turned until our alarm was to go off- we needed to check out and get to the airport. when i went to check out i made it a point of letting the girl know that we had a few problems - with the fridge disapearing - with the construction noises, etc... she appologized profusely and took one nite off our bill! i was thankful for any kind of compinsation. I thanked her very much. but i don't know if i would stay there again. i didn't see 5 stars. But if i found another great deal i would probably take it - i think.	
Nov 15 2009 	So last century	I know this hotel was built last century but does it have to feel so completely old hat? I really can’t think why everybody drools over it quite so much. Yes the fountains are lovely and the location is great but that’s about it. The carpet in our bedroom was dirty, the towels and bathmats were stained, the whole room never felt particularly clean. The carpet was badly vacuumed on our arrival and never really improved during our 10-night stay. There were sticky marks on the tiles outside the bathroom which meant we could not walk barefoot. The toiletry supply was mean to the point of being depressing: one very small bottle of shampoo, conditioner and body lotion a day - no bath gel at all despite Las Vegas water being the very worst in the world - which meant my husband and I had to fiddle about transferring these wretched little bottles between the bath and the shower every day.The TV in the room was practically an antique and the nickel and diming was too tedious for words: $15 a day WiFi, $15 a day for a fridge, $50 a day for a dvd player. We needed a fridge as the one in the room is stuffed with overpriced junk and weighted so if you so much as sneeze against it (which you well might given the amount of dust in the room) you’ll be charged for the lot. We also wanted to watch a dvd of Honeymoon in Las Vegas because that’s what we were having but we went out and bought a dvd player for $29 and took it home rather than give the Bellagio $50 for a day’s use of one.Despite the fact that hotel staff knew we were there for our wedding and honeymoon they did their level best not to give an inch, not even when I requested a late check out by a couple of hours. No, out trotted the automated machine-gun response, we’re full and need you out by noon (our flight was at 20:30). On hearing of this when he returned to the room, my husband called front desk and quite snottily demanded a word with the duty manager, who I must say was great and immediately granted us a 3pm check-out which was hugely appreciated.But - what is their problem - depressingly mean and drearily slack about sums up my impression of the Bellagio. I only hope the arrival of the Mandarin Oriental in December brings some Asian standards of hospitality and shakes up the whole of shabby old, penny-pinching Las Vegas (for the Bellagio is not alone among the 5* hotels in its purveyance of such low standards, in fact none of the others is any better at present).	
Nov 15 2009 	The good and the bad!	Stayed at the Bellagio for 10 days,third time in Las Vegas,second time at the Bellagio. What can I say about the Bellagio,bright,spacious and clean. Room was fine,but again,how much time do you spend in your room? Buffet was up to its usual standards,plenty of choice,only problem was the queues.Café Bellagio,bit disappointed this time,had one meal and it was not great – watch the Beef in consommé with vegetables – no taste!Pool was very busy,but there were plenty of beds and towels for everyone. Pool service was good,if you want a good spot get down early. Much like anywhere else,beds were reserved by people who did not show up,but at least here the staff went round freeing up the beds.Now to the downside, thought the reception staff in general were poor,on check- in, the male receptionist looked us up and down as if he had trodden on something. Did not talk about the hotel, mention anything,it's just as well we knew where we were going!Also night before we were ready to check out ,checked the bill, and found that their were errors, went to reception and stood for about 30 minutes in the queues. Now I know what it's like to be interrogated,after some discussion she did take off the errors but made the point that she would be checking into this. I know that they will probably have customers trying to scam them,but should they not give people first the benefit of the doubt.In general,we enjoyed our our stay,but I feel that this will be the last time that we stay in the Bellagio,the general malaise about the place,customer service is away down in their priorities, a huge difference in the last time we stayed. We felt then,that we were wanted and special not just a number in a room.Next year we will stay in the Wynn or the Encore or the Venetian/Palazzio where customer is still king!	
Nov 14 2009 	Great -but not as good as Venetian	I think this is great for a special occasion and you do feel the prestige for your money. That said the Venetian is about the same price and just seems to have the edge for the excitement factor of its features and casino.The room standard of the Venetian is also better but the Bellagio pool area is the best of the hotels I've visited unless you want lots of noise and action. The Tuscan style buildings with poplar trees and mosiac tiled pools are beautiful. Fontana lounge had a good live band playing good dancing music for the non rave type crowd. No complaints at all about the hotel but at over twice the price of some other hotels which are also great the difference isnt really worth it for more than a short visit..	
Nov 14 2009 	5 Star Hotel 1 Star Service	We stayed at the Bellagio for 4 nights and we were really looking forward to it. We bought the vacation through an air/hotel package on the MGM·Mirage Vacation website and was perfect. We asked for 2 beds, non-smoking and the lady at the front desk was kind enough to give us smoking so we had to change (after speaking with many) to a different room. Another problem we encountered was that the light from the phone (messages) did not turn off all night after having talked to operators all day long.The hotel was good, but the casino is probably not the best in town. In terms of service, the people in the front desk were not very helpful when it came to asking about different services, they kept pointing us one direction or the other.The staff is from everywhere in the world and the Buffet is very good and varied, the service though at the buffet is horrible. They don't care if you are comfortable or not, they only want to fit you in there. Making it uncomfortable to see which one is your server and who to ask in case of any questions.	
Nov 13 2009 	Not the 5 Star experience I hoped for	Checked in at midnight. Check-in clerk barely offered a welcome and gave us an occupied room on the opposite end of hotel away from everything. Upon return to front desk to correct, I was told I had to wait in the check-in line AGAIN now over 6 parties long for each of only 3 available clerks. After reaching the front of the line, we waited another 20 minutes and were told we would be comped breakfast and given a larger room - because it was handicap accessible. It was on the side of the hotel where everything could be easliy reached. It did not however have the 2 queen size beds which I paid for, nor were the amenities such as towels set up for the 3rd person in the room which I also paid for. The bathroom plumbing leaked and an adjustable make-up mirror hung broken off the wall. The light sources were a combination of low watt recessed lights and desk lamps. Only 3 of 7 worked and only 1 was fixed after I called the front desk. 1 of the 2 beds was a plush comfortable motion bed, but the second looked and felt like a sofabed matress. I should have demanded another room, but by now my family guests were out cold from exhaustion and I couldn't bear to uproot them again. The entire pool area closed at 4 p.m. leaving no quiet outdoor area available to relax in.The lunch buffet started pulling food items off 90 minutes before ending to begin set-up for dinner and left empty. I was embarrassed as this weekend trip was a gift to my aunt and cousin to celebrate their birthdays. I made the day manager aware of my experience upon check-out and was comped 2 days of internet service ($28). That was a nice gesture, however certainly not worth the disappointing experience. I would have been entirely happy had I just received what I paid for.The grounds were amazing and the dancing fountains should not be missed. While the concierge desk was useless in offering directions or suggestions, the front entrance personnel on the taxi stand and bell desk were exceptional. It seems that any of positive experiences I had while staying here could have been enjoyed by anyone who was staying at another hotel and just came to the Bellagio to check it out.	
Nov 12 2009 	Best Birthday Experience	I decided to take a trip to Vegas for my 32nd birthday. My amazing girlfriend decided to surprize me with a nights stay on sunday night. When I walked in the room for the first time and saw the view of the strip, lake and fountians, I grabbed my girlfriend and gave her the biggest hug and kiss. I thanked her for such a great gift but told her that we couldn't stay here for just one night. So I picked up the phone and called the front desk to check the rates for another night and couldn't pass it up so I booked for monday night. Once Tuesday morning came around, I said we can't leave yet, so I booked yet another night. The room was beautiful with a large soft bed, flat screen tv, marble bath. Oh and that view!!! WOW!! we could watch the fountians from the large floor to ceiling window and still hear the music by tuning into channel 222 on the tv. The facility was beautifully decorated, a lot of attention to detail. The pool area was stunning with multiple pools and hot tubs. It was great to enjoy a cold Blue Moon while relaxing in the hot tub. We enjoyed a great breakfast in the open air at the pool cafe one of the mornings This was the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed at. The service was friendly and prompt to requests. I suggest this place to everybody I talk travel with. I will be returning to Vegas but I will be booking the Bellagio!!	
Nov 12 2009 	Everything I had hoped for	I was never 'turnd on' by the bright lights of Las Vegas but I decided that before kids come along I had better give it a go and travelled direct with Virgin.The Bellagio I must admit held high expectations in my eyes and I knew it would be hard to match my expectations.......it did and some.We arrived and the lobby was out of control, there were people everywhere but when it was our turn to check-in the reception team acted as if we were the only people in the lobby and we were talked to as if we were a person and not an irritant that needed to be dealt with as quickly as possible. The guy was friendly, informative and interactive with us and more than anything.....he had a personality!!The rooms (even though we only booked a standard room) were clean and spacious, the bathrooms the same and having the shower cubicle seperate from the bath as a standard was pleasing.As always the minibar was overpriced but welcomed......The restaurants that we tried were good, the breakfast buffet had everything you could want and if hungry and greedy you will ahve the best time ever!!We also tried FIX restaurant which was great, the service, food and wine were perfect.Not much else to say, the casino was as all others but the croupiers were much less chatty than at other places, also less inclined to help you by giving advice......as you can guess I was a novice!!Oh and the fountains were superb!!In summary - class, genuine and top class hotel.	
Nov 11 2009 	Las Vegas	Del Friscos's was fabulous,,,although I was really looking forward to crab legs they were served cold...I am used to eating them hot. The Bellagio Spa was fabulous and enjoyed the hot tubs and steeam room, the facial I got left a little bit to be desired. I have had better ones here at home.	
Nov 11 2009 	Gorgeously opulent and a price tag to match!	SummaryWe weren't disappointed by the Bellagio at all. It is very lovely and in its own tacky way, very extravagant, marble floors next to fake plastic statues.. But no details missed and walking around is fun and the pool is gorgeous! The Bellagio is well suited for both the wealthy and the not so wealthy with things like park yourself or valet, and more and less pricey restaurants and bars. We had an amazing 3 nights for 2 offer through Airmiles, well worth looking out for. Amazing day trips offered too like bouldering, dune buggying, horse riding and helpicopter rides over the grand canyon.LocationGreat, in the middle of the strip, we walked down to Mandalay Bay for the Ice Bar and did a casino crawl back past many of the favourites. Taxi ride away from the cheaper casinos though when you start to feel a bit poorer...RoomsHuge and gorgeous with comfy beds, soft towels and after dinner mints in the evening. Bathroom was wonderful with two sinks, brilliant shower and large bath.ServiceGenerally extremely helpful and polite but never forget to tip the drinks girls! The reception could get over busy and leave you queuing a long time for concierge etc but staff courteous about this, just should be more of them!Bars and RestaurantsMake sure you get cocktails in the fountainside view bar, beautifully romantic and great cocktails! We ate in Prime, and it was wonderful, very good steak (I had mine blue which I only do if the meat is great) and the best sauce I've ever had. Other restaurants looked nice though we wondered out on other nights. Cocktails by the pool were also very tasty. Generally they were very nice but a tad over priced (even Prime).	
Nov 10 2009 	Ideal location for first timer and - oh - the fountains !!	Booked the Bellgio simply because of the Oceans 11 connection. So much choice on the Strip, that's what it comes down to. Amazing place. Virtually faultless. 2 mins to check in. Upgraded to a fountain view room with a smile. Got to our room on the 20th floor. Perfect view of fountains and Eiffel Tower. Large modern room (no flatscreen TV - a slight disappointment - and no British channels). Floor to ceiling windows. Turned TV on to Channel 22 and immediately saw that it is IMPERATIVE to stay in a fountain view room in this hotel. Absolutely stunning.As I said, the room was large, and the bathroom was large. Large deep bath and separate large walk in shower. Plenty of provisions - shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, cotton buds, shower cap, sewing kit, soap. But shower gel/bubbles in short supply - only one bottle provided for the whole stay. Towels were OK. On the whole they were fluffy but not that big. Plenty provided though - we had three each.The mini bar was HUGE. Nothing mini about it! $4 for a coke, not too bad. Other provisions were way over priced. Slightly cheaper vending machine, and free ice up the corridor. Ice bucket provided. Biggest disappointment was lack of tea and coffee but we had brought our own kettle.The carpet and fittings are very slightly tired but the cleaning was impeccable, and they came twice a day, leaving smooth jazz on the TV and some chocolates in the evening. Housekeeping is available virtually whenever you want it. Whether we left our room early or late we always had it cleaned at least once. There was a lot of clattering in the corridors from about 8am so not great if you want a lay in. OK for us as we were on UK time and up at about 5.30 every day (amazing view of sunrise from our special window).We ate in the hotel twice, both times in the buffet. The breakfast was amazing, and so was the dinner buffet. However we both agreed that the atmosphere was not the best ever - it has a slight canteen feel to it - but the food was very good indeed and so much choice. No beans or cooked tomatoes for breakfast though which we thought slightly odd.Throughout the hotel the service was impeccable. Everyone greeted us, everyone wanted to help. I had slightly surly service from the business centre but nothing to write home about.I think there are two big draws for this hotel. First, the fountains. Viewed from the street or from the room, they are stunning and have to be seen to be believed. Second, the location. Bang in the middle of the strip, virtually everything is walkable. Take comfortable shoes. Everywhere takes a while to get to! We would have been disappointed if we had been at the MGM end or the TI end. Centre strip was best (we felt).Hopefully one day we will be back. This hotel has given us some very special memories.	
Nov 10 2009 	Bellagio 'saved' Holiday	As we travelled by taxi from the airport along the 'strip', thought we had gone to 'hell'. Fortunately entering Bellagio things 'looked up'. A fabulous reception area decorated for Haloween and dominated by the ornate ceiling. Given a room at rear of hotel with a view over the mountains. The room was large with a bathroom that contained a huge shower, double sink and bath. Unusually the soaps and toiletries were replaced every day even if they had just been opened, seems rather wasteful. The room had the facility to open / close both sets of curtains remotely from the bed or room door and supplied with a large flat screen TV.Note we were warned on registaration that the minibar and sweets/nuts in room were attached to sensors and moving them could result in a charge. This was verified one day when the maid must have moved some items resulting in $20 being added to bill (later removed without any problem). The hotel contains a range of designer shops readily available to spend your winnings from the casino. As in all Las Vegas hotels the casino is placed so you are forced to walk through it to get to your room ar any of the restaurants.There are numerous cafes and restaurants within hotel ranging from a Gelateria to a 'designer chef' restaurant with prices to match. The popular Bellagio buffet has an unbelievable choice of food at a cost of around $30 including unlimited soft drinks. One complaint is that at peak times there are long queues which can result in a wait of up to an hour. This doesn't apply to those guests in possession of a 'line pass' who can walk straight in to the restaurant. I still haven't discovered how you get this pass but assume it is for regular guests and big gamblers.Overall having visited other hotels in the 'strip' I would place the Bellagio in the top three with Wynn and Venetian. While we thoroughly enjoyed our stay in the Bellagio, Las Vegas holds no appeal for a return visit.	
Nov 9 2009 	If you want class you've found it	Amazing. My boyfriend and I stayed at the Bellagio hotel from Oct 28-Nov 1, and had a wonderful experience. Check in took about 10 min, which is not bad at all. Unfortunately we were not lucky enough to get an upgrade with a view, so we got a &quot;Sunset Room&quot; Don't be fooled by that name it means you face the mountains. The room was spacious and had a wonderful sent, the bathroom included a shower as well as separate bathtub. Room service came twice a day, and a night left chocolates and set the TV to the smooth jazz channel. There is even a set off buttons on the wall when you walk in and another set near the bed that open and clothes the curtains The Bellagio is central on the strip which was perfect for us cause we did ALOT of walking. We didn't gamble to much at the Bellagio, most of our money was spent at the Mirage. But for those who say the hotel is too smokey I don't see it, its not bad at all compare to other casinos on the strip. We attended &quot;O&quot; which was amazing as well, its a must see. Check out was a breeze took about 5 min and the lady who served us was extremely nice, she credited back some charges made to our room just as a thank you. The last hotel we stayed at was the Mirage, and they where amazing as well. So far the MGM Mirage family has been great to us and that's the family we'll be staying with next year as well, no doubt	
Nov 8 2009 	The Best Hotel !!!	The hotel is a combination of luxury and entertainment,, the casino is ausum, and the food court is unbelieveable,, the best of all, the spa, is one of the world's finest massage parlour, and the coconut milk bath was ausum,, and at the end in this place u can find whatever u want, with the ultimate shopping complex..	
Nov 7 2009	Great Hotel !!!	Very beautiful hotel in the heart of the Strip! Good services and a nice Pool!	
Nov 6 2009 	Highlight of our trip!	We stayed at Bellagio in the last week of October. We had fantastic service and a fantastic room! I cannot rave about Bellagio enough! O by Cirque was fantastic and so was the Spa.	
Nov 5 2009 	Fountain of delight	The Bellagio is all about the dancing fountain. It's great entertainment even if you just sit by your room's window and watch it perform every 15 minutes. But there's more. The food in all the restaurants and the buffet can not be beat, the hotel is kept spotless, and the towels are fluffy. Want some downside. The rooms are dimly lit. Sure there are many light sources, but overall, the rooms are not designed for reading at night. I guess they want you down in the casino paying for your discounted room. Also the bathroom lighting by the sink is not positioned properly if you want to see yourself in the mirror to shave or put on makeup. Another quirk - there are no towel bars for your hand towel. We used the arms of the lamps flanking the sink to hold them - it worked! This was our second time there. We would go back. Obviously, others think the same. The place was crowded despite the current economy. It must be the specials they keep having.	
Nov 5 2009 	Amazing beyond words	It was my first time in Vegas so I wanted to do it right! So we booked ourselves into the Bellagio Hotel. It was such an amazing hotel with an amazing room (which was upgraded on check-in free of charge). Check in was very quick and easy, than god as we were so excited to see the room, which was beautiful with a fantastic view. The Hotel lobby is very elegant as are the grounds. There are lots of restaurants in the hotel to choose from and the Jean Phillipe crepe shop is divine. The pool area is fab and the PINK frozen cocktails are amazng (although a bit pricey at $14 each but soooo worth it!). I would also recommend to go see 'O' Cirque De Soliel at the Hotel, it was spectacular. I would definatly recommend this hotel and will be returning soon!	
Nov 4 2009 	The Beautiful Bellagio	My husband and I celebrated our anniversary by staying at the Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas. Even though we paid a discounted &quot;promotional&quot; rate, we were given a room located towards the middle of the hotel on a very high floor facing the fountains. It was perfect! I assumed we would automatically be given a room in the back of the hotel since we were paying the &quot;promotional&quot; rate. The room was very clean, comfortable, and decorated in hues of beigh and brown. The bathroom was very large. There was one large picture window in the room from which we could view the water shows every fifteen minutes until midnight. Just past the check in desk is the Bellagio Conservatory and Botanical Gardens. Each season is created with flowers, plants, trees, gazebos, bridges, ponds, and water features. It is absolutely beautiful! The staff was very friendly, and the check in/out process was very easy. I would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 4 2009 	Watch out for the hidden charges	A beautiful, navigable, excellent hotel. But please note that when you give your credit card # upon checkin, the hotel will put a hold on between $130-200 per day from your account. They call this 'authorization', and while they don't charge you per se, you are not allowed access to these funds. We used a prepaid credit card (which we use for vacations only) and were surprised when the balance on the card was $700 less than we'd thought - if we'd have known they would 'authorize' this money, we would have given them an alternative card. I tried to complain to management but was not called back. I've since written a letter and am awaiting a response.	
Nov 4 2009 	Amazing and cant wait to go back	Myself and my husband went to the Bellagio in las Vagas for his 40th. we were not sure what to expect as we had never visited the USA and all our holidays are normally beach. However we went with open minds. The hotel is the best in the strip clean friendly, massive but you did not get the ching ching from the slot machines as in some of the other hotels, if you are young then this may be quite boring, if you like 5* + hotels then this is the one, I can not think of any bad points. If you visit take some time to explore the hotel, we did this on our last day and we had missed quite a lot, water bar with real water at the bar!!!!!!! seeing is believing..... the whole place is just fantastic. The hotel is right opp the miricle mile shopping although it does take about 15 min to get to it, the size of the hotels are out of this world. Quite a few touts trying to get money for 'free tickets' Nothing is free in las vegas!! We are currently in the process of booking back to the bellagio in June 2010 - get a lake view room and you can listen to the music whilst watching the dancing fountains, i would say that was the highlight of my hiloday I must have seen over 50 and not one the same, i loved it. If you do any trips go with sundance tours and ask for mark stanway - what a nice guy! iv said i would pass the name of the company as we did the gran canyon trip with them, they are a brill company and upto date hellicopters with experienced pilot - tell them pamela from england sent you. If you are unsure to visit dont worry its safe, warm and friendly and its true 'its Las Vegas is the adults playground' Pamela England	
Nov 3 2009 	Outstanding!!!	Stayed 10/27-10/31 to attend coference at Bally's. 2nd stay. Booked &quot;Escape To Relaxation&quot; promotion (deeper discount if booked early) through hotel website. Upgraded to Deluxe Lakeview, requested non-smoking and 2 queen beds. Arrived after midnight, so only king bed available (even though requested 2 queens). Was told to call or return to front desk at 8:30am that day to see if available. When called around 08:30am, still unavailable, told to try again at 1pm. At this point, just decided to keep room since it was conveniently located (near elevator) and colleague was okay with sharing king-size bed. Wanted to spend spare time outside of conference gambling rather than trying to obtain room that was requested. All staff encountered throughout stay were very courteous and professional from housekeeping to restaurant servers to registration to casino staff. Very nice to hear staff addressing you by name on phone. Hotel immaculate and clean. Pool and fountains not operational on 10/27-10/29 due to high winds. Only drawback is that room had connecting door and I don't know if it was because there was a connecting door or if it is the wall between rooms itself, but I could hear muffled conversation from room next door (but it wasn't loud enough to disturb sleep). Also since door slams shut, you can hear when people enter/exit room next door. Overall, great resort, great people, great location. Will most certainly stay again.	
Nov 3 2009 	Surprising!	Stayed with my husband at the bellagio and will admit that the location is perfect. It does take forever to walk to and from your room to any location. I would dread it, but its a big hotel and I loved the energy in the common area.Anyway, this is the bad part. There was blood stains on our sheets. It was GROSS and I was so down when this all happened. The room was facing the water show, not too big, just an ordinary room, and we were very happy, BUT when I saw the blood stains, I was so so so disappointed, the least they could do is keep the room clean, including the sheets? YUCK!	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Stay right on the Vegas Strip	We stayed here for one night during a road trip. We found a good deal online on the Bellagio website. Everything was perfect and very luxurious. My only complaint would be the trek from the car to the room. The lobby is rather far from the elevators. They like for you to have to go through the casino as often as possible. This didn't pose a problem for us, but if you or any one in your party has problems getting around, this might not be the best choice for you. Although, if you contacted the hotel directly, they might be able to make some arrangements. The hotel was immaculate as was the room. We stayed in a basic king on the west wing. The hotel is right on the strip in the middle of lots of action. Staff was very friendly, not snobbish. Good things are free parking and free valet (plus tips, of course). If you want to gamble, it's just an elevator ride away. They have several pools as well. They also have many restaurants on site (pricey, mind you). They also have a full service spa and salon, although we didn't have time to schedule any services. We will stay again, if we can in fact get a good deal :).We did have to pay about $15/day for internet. Just a note!	
Nov 2 2009 	Best Hotel/Casino On The Strip	We stayed at the Bellagio because my wife had a three day conference in Las Vegas. We arrived Saturday afternoon via Southwest and departed Wednesday early evening. The room rate was $129/weeknight, which was a bargain, it was actually cheaper than Caesars which is where her conference was. The Bellagio is everything Las Vegas is about. Everywhere you walked you experienced the &quot;Wow Factor&quot;. It is located directly across the strip from Paris and next door to the new CityCenter complex being built. The fountains are incredible and really fun to watch at night. The fountain show does not repeat for quite sometime, so stay and watch some shows back to back. We highly recommend the Cirque De Soleil show &quot;O&quot;. We purchased our show tickets online before we arrived they were roughly $125/each. We were up in the upper level, but centered and they were great seats for this type of show. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! The food is great. The people are very helpful. The rooms are incredible and very clean! Don't touch the mini fridge in the room because its weighted and you get charged if you touch anything. The pools are great! They provide the towels when you go down to the pool and they take drink orders. There are several FREE water stations, so take advantage of those. The only negative to the Bellagio is the smoke filled casino, which you have to walk through to get to your room or anywhere in the hotel. It isn't bad when you are gambling, but when you are just passing by it is annoying to smell like smoke. Internet service is $14.00/day.	
Nov 2 2009 	Awesome!! Will def go back!	Had a great time...went with my husband and some friends! Stayed here before and always weel taken care of. Super customer service, beautiful facility and grounds. The only disappointment was there Fontana Bar which has live music was closed for a poke tournament.	
Nov 1 2009 	Flawless in every way - Stunning Experience	We arrived on 24th October after a fairly stressful 13 hour journey from Ireland. We got out of our taxi and were greeted warmly by the Concierge who offered to take our bags.Check in was super quick and we were in our room within 5 minutes of getting out of the taxi.The walk to the room is on a pathway which divides the casino - and you get a real feel for Vegas walking to your room. We stayed in Room 14028, a Lakeview Room overlooking the Fountains.The room was spacious, clean, elegant and well maintained. Facilities within the room were good - TV, Mini Bar, Internet, Lighting, Curtains etc. all worked well.Bathroom had a huge shower and separate bath - loads of space. Shower was powerful.We found staff to be knowledgeable and courteous in all areas of the hotel and casino.We ate in Cafe Bellagio and the Bellagio Buffet during our stay.Cafe Bellagio has a queue for breakfast but is only short. The Buffet we used for Lunch and noted that if you get there before 12.15pm then you won't have to queue - great value at $22 each.Check out was super easy - as we had registered our credit card with the hotel at check in, we were able to check out on our television and drop the keys off at the bottom of the lift. How easy!!Will save up again so we can stay here on our next visit.OTHER VEGAS THINGSCasinosBellagio - Great Drinks ServicePlanet Hollywood - The Pleasure Pit (after 8pm) is worth a visitBallys - Older casino but good poker roomParis - well worth a walk from Ballys to ParisShowsLove at the Mirage - STUNNING show. A must seeZumanity - Rubbish, pure drivelPeepshow - Again, utterly terriblePhantom of the Opera - great special effects but musically not as impressive as Broadway or West EndComdey Pet Theatre - really good fun if you like animalsThe Rat Pack - Very good singers, set in the old style. OK.ToursSundance Helicopters - Picnic Trip to Grand Canyon - AMAZING trip. Quick way to see Canyon - picked up at 6am and back in hotel room at 9.30am.Concierge in Bellagio wil arrange all of these for you but some require advance booking.	
Oct 31 2009 	Luxury at its best	I enjoyed this hotel it is beautiful, very luxurious, comfy beds, great view from our room. I found the casino a little boring and too quiet for me. I do prefer a casino that's a little more lively and has rock music in the bars. But that is what you get with a more upscale resort. We did get excellent drink service while playing the machines. The waitress would bring me 2 drinks at time and I never went without a drink, she was always there. The pools were beautiful, but crowded. The only restaurant we ate at the whole time was the buffet for breakfast and dinner, it was excellent.	
Oct 31 2009 	An exellent hotel	I will start by saying that we started off in the New York New York for 3 nights we loved it there was such a good experience and my friend who hasnt been abroad before and without her family she really enjoyed it :) but after travelling we went off to Palm Springs for 5 Nights and returned to Vegas for our final 2 nights and yes we stayed in the Bellagio and really enjoyed it although we didnt get to use the emense pools because it rained on the last day ... but there is so much to do in the bellagio you have the botanical gardens lots of shops and restaurants and the rooms were great there were 7 of us and my mum dad and sis were in the room next door and there were doors in the rooms so we can open and see each other. the foutains are impresseve :D our fave is time to say good bye and faith hill there you'll be. i also recommend going to see mamma mia at the manadaly bay theatre :) its gr8 fantasticin all the hotel and location fantasticwill deffo be returning :)	
Oct 31 2009 	big and beautiful	Stayed here for 3 nights and although I didn't like Vegas at all, I'm glad we stayed at the Bellagio. It's right in the middle of the strip, it's extremely clean, the pools are gorgeous, the rooms are large, the bathrooms are plush and watching the fountain shows from the comfort of the bedroom was such a joy, especially at the weekend when the shows are on every 15 minutes. This was the best thing about Vegas apart from our helicopter trip to the Hoover Dam and the Grand Canyon. However, in terms of the main/public areas of the hotel, I preferred Paris for its character and the Wynn for its elegance and quietness. We had Champagne brunch in the Bellagio on the Sunday and wouldn't recommend it - the food selection and quality is great, but the Champagne was nasty, we queued for over an hour, the decor inside was travel lodge-esque, and even though it was a buffet, we were still expected to tip! I'd never go to vegas again, but I would recommend The Bellagio to others (as long as you stay in a Lake View Room) - or Paris or Wynn (but i don't know what the bedrooms are like there).	
Oct 30 2009 	Fabulous	This was a fabulous hotel in every way. Room ansd service was outstanding. Teh buffett was also fabuous.	
Oct 30 2009 	Fantastic Vegas Hotel	My wife and I stayed for 5 nights at the Bellagio, booked through Virgin Holidays. The Hotel is superb and the service fantastic, eating out in the hotel is not expensive, try Cafe Bellagio, 24 hours service, great food at great prices, the Buffet is one of the best in Vegas, but be careful the queues get very long especially at the weekends. We dined at Olives Resturant, slightly more esxpensive $150 for the two of us with wine but well worth it, fantastic food and good views of the fountain shows if you get a table outside. The rooms are great, we changed our original room as we did not like the view of the car park, the staff quickly gave us a new room overlooking the pool.Go and see the &quot;O&quot; show by Cirqu De Soleil, outstanding, will take your breath away. A great base for a Vegas break, central to the strip and you can get about easily.If you go to Vegas you must do a Canyon Tour, I went by helicopter with Sundance Tours, Limo pick up and drop off from the hotel, flight over Hoover Dam and into the Canyon where you land for a Champagne picnic then fly back out down the strip, the scenary is superb, you must do this trip.Will I be going back? Soon as I can SUPERB.	
Oct 30 2009 	Solid choice for Vegas veterans	I like the Bellagio and the Venetian, both offer some degree of class at a relatively good price. The Bellagio makes its money off you once you're in the complex -- there really isn't much reason to leave unless you hit a show or have your heart set on a specific restaurant. I've stayed in the suites and in the rooms in both towers. Suites are worth the money if you can get them at a discount. The smaller rooms are unremarkable but have really big nice bathrooms -- they've all had some issues cooling the room sufficiently (but I am a polar bear). TVs are cheap and nasty, and they charge for broadband. The pool area is OK and not a zoo. (If you want a pool scene for the kids and teens, go to the Mandalay.) The famed fountain show is cool the first time, anyway.There are some midlevel-expensive restaurants in the complex and you can use the passageways to Caesar's and the Paris, which have decent options as well. In the Bellagio, I've liked the Buffet (try to get a line-jump pass), Noodles (good food and OK pricing), the walk-up crepes place and the Olive restaurant (friendly and quite reasonable considering the good food, try the prix fixe). The sushi place is worth it as well. Also, the fusion cuisine place (with the water fountain outer walls) was surprisingly good and worth the money.Self park, it is not much of a hassle and you don't have to pay. Get a slots card and you get some freebies. The minibar charges when you move something and getting water and cokes is a hassle, so consider bringing an ice chest with your own drinks and some snacks. Morning coffee and pastries are best accessed over at Caesar's, although the crepes place is yummy anytime.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Hotel - issue with mix up of the rooms	My wife and I have just had 3 nights at the Bellagio as part of a 2 week trip on the West Coast. I will start by saying that overll this hotel is fantastic and has everything that you would want in a high class hotel. We had pre booked via their internet site 3 months ago and paid for a Salone Suite with views of the fountains. Check in was fast and helpful and our corner suite on the 17th floor was just amazing - large combined bedroom and lounge with a huge bathroom and separate toilet - great spa bath with views to the strip.The large windows in the lounge area looked directly down onto the lake and fountains. We would sit there late at night and watch the shows every 15 minutes - breathtaking.Our room mix up issue started when we returned to our room late in the afternoon of the first day to find our door key would not work, this happened on 3 separate occasions and each time we were told it would not happen again. Next morning we were woken by the front desk at 6.30 am to be told we were illegally in the room, at the same time we had a security guard bashing on our door and telling us to show proof of identity as we should not be in the room. The 1st front desk manager did not fix the problem after two more complaints and it was not till we spoke to &quot;Bobby&quot; that she was able to fix the issue once and for all - thanks Bobby well done. She organised a bottle of champagne and a discount off the total bill . After this the stay went perfectly. We had a birthday dinner for my wife in Circo which was great - service and food excellent with a great Aussie wine. I have stayed at the Luxor and Mirage on past trips which were both good but I would happily return to the Bellagio.	
Oct 29 2009 	Beautiful but felt like a Prisoner.	We decided to book the Bellagio because of it's location on the strip and having gambled there before, however in hindsight it's best to be a visitor to the Bellagio rather than a guest. Although the pool is beautiful and worth a look i'm not a sun worshiper so i only used it once. So when you visit just pop in and have a look off the balcony.Because of the layout of the hotel with the lake and fountains you feel a little bit like a captive, all the resturants food and bars are owned by the Bellagio so they run a bit of a price cartel. (Even a sandwich set me back $12 and thats the cheapest i could find, then there's the problem of water! Thank god for the people selling ice cold bottles for $1, the in room water was about $4 and that wasn't even chilled.)So you have to walk miles (firstly to get out the hotel and then to get past the lake) before you make it too the strip, then supermarkets are quite a distance but there's Miracle mile shops are across the street with some cheaper eateries and shopping.Overall we had a fab time but when i come back again (and i will) i'll probably try and book the venitian if i'm feeling rich or new york new york / planet hollywood for a slightly cheaper option. I'd also hire a cheap car otherwise your a bit tied to the strip and it's longer than you think!	
Oct 29 2009 	Incredible Hotel	While the hotel is huge, the service was very good. I had only one problem (a gimpy television) but it was repaired pretty quickly by the hotel staff. The bathroom was great and the whole room seemed clean. One of my pet peeves in any hotel is that the AC in some places seems relatively restricted, rarely getting the room as cool as I like it to be. My room at the Bellagio got pretty cool, but never quite down to the 66 degree temperature I like for a hotel room. Bed was comfortable and the room was quiet.There are plenty of good restaurants in the hotel and often there are lines you must suffer through to eat at these restaurants. The casino is quite nice, with various bars and lounges to visit and a pretty good sports book. I'd stay there again.	
Oct 27 2009 	happy time visit	I went to this hotel with my husband on a business trip. Though we had booked this with expedia or orbitz, I forget which one, the hotel went above and beyond to help us out when we left early to return home, as our first grandchild had been born earlier than we thought. They went out of their way to help us, as we were worried that they would charge us for the extra days that we booked, even though we had no clue that the little one would choose to come earlier than anticipated. They didn't charge us for the extra day or so that we had booked with them. The cafe in the Bellagio is awesome and we always have to return to go there everytiime that we go to Las Vegas. (We love their iced tea, as the ice is made out of the tea and makes it much tastier, especially on a hot day)! The food is excellent and reasonably price, with very hospitable waiters. The changing floral arrangements are something that you can't ever pass up at the Bellagio, along with seeing all of the colorful chandeliers in their lobby. The water shows are simply marvelous and draw a crowd each time. My favorite song they play is &quot;It's Time to Say Goodbye.&quot; Great place to stay. The bathroom and showers are simply beautiful!!	
Oct 27 2009 	Wonderful	Received a 3 free night offer from MGM/ Mirage to stay at Bellagio and jumped on it . It is a world class hotel mega resort with the finist dining and the best steak house in the country. ( The Prime) The hotel: Rooms were large, comfy bed , remote control blinds, classy dresser and wardrobe for clothing. Robes and slippers provided. Bath and all glass shower. Amonge the top 3 or rooms in Vegas. Not a place for kids.The Casino: We love the casino. Its roomy, clean and smells wonderful. Great video pokers options throughout. Recomend the Allegro bar which is staffed by Joe during the day. Great drink service while you play the video poker game. If you dont win at least you have the best possible service and a good buzz . If you hang out long enough he will remember your name and drink next visit. There is every gambling option to fit any budget as well.. Recomend playing the Bellagio nickles for a chance at a few hunderd thousand for 15 cent bet. I always stop and play at least 10 bucks on these every trip. Great people watching here too.. Walked buy the high limit area about 1 am and seen a couple dropping 1 thousand dollar coins into a slot.. Casino has great layout ! We love it . Would go back again on another players card offer.Food: The Prime Steakhouse is unreal. I have been here several times. Bring the big boy wallet cause it &quot; Aint Sizzler &quot; figure on a $200.00 tab for 2 which includes a few drinks and one of the finist Filet's you will ever eat. I recomend sharing desert. Ask for a table over looking the fountians when making your reservations. Other food options are available.. The Bellagio cafe has great food 24 /7 .. Olives is unique and good. Several other places as well. Common area: Flower garden is awsome and the glass sculpture in the lobby is one of the neatest things you will ever see. There is so much to see here you could spend two days soaking int the art and decore. A must stay at least once. Pools were the only thing i didnt enjoy.. Kinda stuffy and a place to be seen.. I would rather party at MGM pools anyday. Even though the pools were nice it just seemed fake. Other places have better atmosphere in the pool area.	
Oct 27 2009 	Beautiful Hotel But No Service If You're "Just a Hotel Guest"	We stayed at the Bellagio last weekend and had a nice time in Vegas. The hotel is elegant and very beautiful. The rooms were small, but nicely decorated and the bathrooms were well-done. The view of the strip and the fountain from the room was great. The hotel, as well as our room, was immaculate. Though we did not spend significant time there, we thought the pool area was gorgeous. As a hotel guest, this would be the main (and only) benefit you get by being a hotel guest at the Bellagio - the pool is stunning. The restaurants at the Bellagio are phenomenal. We loved Le Cirque and thought the staff there was exceptional. We left our wine choice to the sommelier and he brought us a perfect bottle of wine for our meal. We also ate at Yellowtail, outside on the balcony overlooking the fountain. The food was delicious and the staff recommendations were spot on. We were highly disappointed, however, with the general hotel staff and concierge service during our stay. From the moment of our check-in we were told if we had any questions other than about the hotel, we would need to stand in a very long line at the concierge desk. We did wait, but that's not the way you want to start your trip. When we did finally get up to the concierge desk, we had a few general requests for help with transportation and tickets. We were told that because we were &quot;just hotel guests&quot; and not casino guests, our requests could not be accommodated. When we called again for help arranging transportation (at our cost), we were given the same line -- &quot;we can only help casino guests&quot; not merely &quot;regular hotel guests&quot;. While we're completely familiar with special services for high rollers &amp; have no problem with that, the way we were treated was shocking -- it honestly made us feel terrible and low class, which is not the way you expect to feel or be treated at a 5 star hotel. By way of background, we have traveled extensively and are happy travelers/not complainers. I think this may be the first time I've actually voiced a complaint about service to a hotel. On the whole, the Bellagio is very beautiful &amp; the food is great, but you can access everything in the hotel without being a hotel guest. Even though it's a beautiful place, we will likely not stay here again - we enjoyed the service provided to us as &quot;just hotel guests&quot; at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay and the Wynn better.	
Oct 27 2009 	Perfect Location!	If you are traveling to Las Vegas, make sure you book a hotel which is located in the middle of the strip! We decided to book 2 Rooms in the Bellagio, one for my husband and myself and the other one for our kids. Nice HD-TVs! Staff was very friendly - even for a hotel in that size. The outdoor area was amazing. They really have a nice swimming pool. The fountains in front of the Hotel are one &quot;Must see&quot; attraction in Las Vegas. We had our rooms facing the strip, so we were able to have a look at the fountains every night. The buffet dinner in the Bellagio is not the best, but okay. I prefer to dine at the Paris Hotel!But in overall it was one nice stay in Las Vegs and we would book this Hotel again.	
Oct 27 2009 	Hotel To Be At :)	My Gf and I stayed here for 3 nights, We got the deluxe room, with the pool view, on the 10th floor area. Room was very clean and comfy, My gf likes the bathroom lol. The maid came twice a day to make sure your room is nice and clean, when you return from your nite out.We ate at the Cafe, food is good. The buffet isnt all that great, go to the Wynn if you want LV best buffets. We got to relax at the pool area, the damn pool is only 3 ft deep, LOL, , free for guest,which was nice. Make sure you stop by the ice cream area when you leave, best ice cream ive ever had:D.	
Oct 27 2009 	Dream Vegas Holiday	We had a somewhat rocky start to our stay in Las Vegas - one bag was detained in LAX for &quot;security screening&quot; and they managed to smash all but one of the shot glasses I had gotten engraved to give out to as party of a gift for my wedding guests. We stayed the first 3 nights at the Monte Carlo and the customer service was somewhat lacking. The Casio area had no atmosphere and the food court area was getting refurbished. We then moved to the Bellagio for the remainder of our stay as we were getting- January 2007.Due to our finances we stayed in 3 different room types. We stayed firstly in a partial lake view room which when we first walked in we were incredibly impressed with the size and the facilities. The view of the lake was also pretty good depsite it being over to the side and back a bit.The second room we stayed in was the Bellagio Suite as we got married that day in the chapels and the suite was AMAZING. The decor was a little bit dated but still exuded enough luxury to make it feel perfect for the purpose of entertaining our guests with drinks after the ceremony before proceeding down to JASMINE for the reception.The last night we were meant to stay in a &quot;car park&quot; view room but were upgraded to a full lake view room which was an awesome way to end the wedding week.We ate at JASMINE for the reception and the food was to die for. Our cake was made by JPP and it had to be the best cake I've ever eaten (slightly biased as it was my wedding cake!!)We also ate at the Japanese Noodle restaurant (can't remember the name ) and it was also really good food and service.Lastly we also got to see &quot;O&quot; and it had to be one of the best shows I've seen in a while.Our stay and experience was everything I would expect of a holiday to Vegas which was being done in style.	
Oct 26 2009 	Superb service from beginning to end	I really believe that the Bellagio experience begins when dealing directly with one of the brilliant reservationists. Not only are they gracious and helpful, but they can let you know exactly the type of room available as well as alert you to special packages. Yes, it is possible to spend less by going through one of several on-line agencies, but you will miss the interaction with the staff and will have to accept whatever accommodations are assigned or spend valuable time bickering over a room change. We checked in around 3:30PM and expected chaos. Not only was there a sufficient number of staff available at check-in, but rooms were availabe, probably due to the huge inventory of rooms in general. Our room, a fountain view room on the 10th floor, was not overly large but had a full, frontal view of the fountains. Amazing. The only negatives we found anywhere were the dents in the carpeting. I'm not sure how they got there, but it is time to replace the carpeting or risk consequences if someone were to trip. The first thing I did after checking in was to let my wife unpack and read the hotel information while I explored the hotel to determine distances and locations of the places we intended to visit. I must say that I am impressed that it is possible to walk down the many corridors without having to wallking through the casinos or game rooms. And the noise is not nearly as deafening as that in other hotels. I picked up our tickets for &quot;O&quot; at the Concierge Desk (book these on line or directly with the concierge--same price) and returned to the room.We explored two dining options. For the first night, we decided on the Cafe Bellagio, just as previous reviewers described: a hotel coffee shop with perhaps a little class in the service. The food will be Ok if you stick to simple preparations. For the second night, we could not resist Circo with its magnificent pasta and whimsical decor. The service and food presentation were excellent, and this is a place to which we would gladly return and spend lots more. The Fontana Bar opens at 5:00. Get there at 5:00 to be seated outside on the terrace. For $12 you can nurse your stellar libation for as long as you wish. Although many reviewers recommend the buffets for breakfast, we decided to order via room service and split our food--extra coffee cup and silverware at no extra charge. One continental breakfast was perfect for the two of us. On our first morning we split an excellent breakfast burrito.Checking out was also perfect. You can access your account on the TV and be done with it, or check out down below. A taxi was soon ready to whisk us to the car rental agencies a couple of miles away from the airport. All of this was done with impeccable timing and coutesy.I hope that management reads all these reports, and I suspect some might have done so, given the improvements made after previous reviewers pointed out flaws. I can only hope that improvements continue so that the Bellagio remains one of the leading hostelries of the country.	
Oct 26 2009 	Awesome!	This is probably the best hotel I've ever stayed at. We had a lake view room that we got for a fairly good rate. The room was extremely comfortable, and the view was magnificent. I would definitely recommend this hotel, which I think is the best in Vegas.	
Oct 25 2009 	Can't Wait to Go Back	We arrived before check in time and we were allowed to check in. It was qick and easy. The room was spacious and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was also spacious and clean. The only problem was the vanity mirror was about to fall off the wall because one of the screws broke off. Each night we would get the bed turn down with chocolate on our pillows. The buffet was excellent they had almost every type of food you could imagine. The location was excellent. Bellagio is located midway along the strip and everything was within walking distance. There is also a double decker bus that runs on the strip which you can buy a 24 hour pass and ride all day and night. We rode the bus to the old strip and it took about half an hour. We woud definitely stay here again.	
Oct 25 2009 	excellent	stayed here for the second year running.once again the hotel was superb as a base to explore vegas.the hotel is clean,staff are very welcoming,check in took a matter of minutes despite the reception area being very busy.restaurants in the bellagio tend to be very busy and quite expensive but there are hundreds more to choose from around vegas!this year we had a &quot;sunset mountain view&quot; room,which was, to be fair,-once you looked past the motorway!the room was massive and cleaned twice daily.last year we had a pool view room ,which again was lovely but this year a new hotel has been built alongside the bellagio, and that tends to spoil the view.the bellagio is not as gimmicky as other hotels and this adds to its charm	
Oct 24 2009 	Incredible First Class Outstanding	I would highly recommend the Bellagio. We had a Penthouse Suite on the 32nd floor. It was incredible with great views. We had his and her bathrooms with cozy robes and slippers. The service was top notch and the staff went out of their way to make sure everything was perfect. And the bed was heavenly.	
Oct 24 2009 	30 Years of Memories	We celebrated our 30yr wedding anniversary by staying at the beautiful Bellagio Hotel. For 3 days and 2 nights we experienced problems each day. We paid extra to stay on a higher floor with a view of the strip; they said we only paid for a room on the 9th floor and a view of the freeway; second, the toilet made flushing sounds at 1am, 3am and 5am. They moved us twice and were told to confirm by using the white courtesy phones - although no one picked up we were kept on hold listening to a recording. The one saving grace is that this hotel really is very beautiful, they do have compassionate hosts, impeccable service including the valet and because of all this, yes we would stay here again.	
Oct 23 2009 	Excellent-but expensive	My twenty something kids and I stayed at the Bellagio for three nights. I booked the trip on line through one of the famous travel sites and got a great deal so I was not concerned about the room price. The rooms were excellent though they did not have a view. From check in to check out every worker we met was pleasant and helpful. The buffet was excellent. The only thing we did not like that there was not a bar or club that sold reasonably priced drinks and had low cover for the kids to go to so we had to walk or take a cab to get where they felt more comfortable. The location, though, is excellent and great places are within walking distance. When I go back with the kids I would stay somewhere else but if I wa going with a significant other I would definitely stay here!	
Oct 23 2009 	GRANDIOUS at the Bellagio	I'm so glad we stayed at the Bellagio.. after now having checked out all the other resorts on the strip, they are all quite dark and creepy except for Bellagio, Caesars Palace and Wynn/Encore. Bellagio is well worth it, especially since we live in the UK where everything is SO expensive. At just over US$100/night for a deluxe room (and we got an upgrade to a Lake View), its a BARGAIN. The rooms and amenities are great... the Pool Cafe is divine. Very very grand :)	
Oct 21 2009 	Bellagio; Nice yes...But not five star fabulous	My partner and I felt that if we are going to Vegas we are going to go all out...5 Star hotel, room overlooking the fountains, maybe some room service and a nice relaxing dip in the pool; what we thought would be the most luxurious 2 nights of our life.Walking into the lobby it looked beautiful but didnt destract us from the long wait to check in followed by the long walk through the casino to get to our room. We stayed in the lake view room, great view of the fountains and the Paris hotel. The room although neat, was very dated...eg. TV was an old rear projection tv. The lack of cable TV channels was disappointing but the king size bed was nice and cosy. The marble bathroom was fairly generous in size and having the shower seperate from the bath was great and having digital scales was a welcome addition to the room =) In comparision to other rooms the bath tub was small, The area around the sink wasnt enough for two people, the sink taps leaked and the drain made odd noises at night.The room service menu was lacking in selection, pricing was average. Acess to high speed internet was available but it cost $14.99 US a day. House keeping kept the room beautiful and came in twice a day. It was a nice touch walking into your room of an evening having the bed ready to jump into, relaxing music playing and a dinner mint for each guest on the bed side table. The Spa was located on on the opposite of the hotel...a long walk from the guest rooms. I found the prices to be a little over the top for what was on offer. The Gym was a amazing to look at (once you find it)...Plenty of work out machines and access to personal trainers BUT it was also located on the opposite side of the hotel from the guest rooms and it cost $25 US (each day) for guests to use it!! I was shocked that guests had to pay to use the gym since all other hotels offered gym use for free. A long walk seemed to be a trend with the Bellagio as I went to find the pool located once again away from the guest rooms and was only open 9am-6pm. Although the pool area looked nice it was crammed with day lounges so walking to the pool was an adventure. There were a few pools but none of them seemed big enough to cater for the amount of guests.The concierge helped out nicely in getting tickets for 'O' but the wait at the desk was more painful than it need to be. There were four people present, but only one helping people. The casino was nice but didnt offer anything different from any other casino on the strip...and there were a lot less penny slots.Car parking for guests was free for self parking but it was difficult to find a park and Valet parking always seemed to have a line. Car parks were located a long walk away from guests rooms...once again opposite sides of the hotel.Plenty of resturants to cater for dinner time but unless you ordered room service, breakfast or your morning coffee was at least a 10 minute trek from your room...Then a fair wait in line since there was only one small coffee shop open. Check out was quick if you had a credit card on file...if not it was back in line for you!All in all I wouldnt say the Bellagio was an awful place to stay it just didnt feel like we were staying in a five star facility...I found other hotels to offer more services and to offer more things for free to guests (eg. Gym use).	
Oct 21 2009 	you must stay here!	The Bellagio was everything I expected and more. The staff were very friendly and the hotel itself was lovely. Our room was large, as was our marble bathroom. The hotel is right in the middle of the strip, so a perfect location - you would not believe how long it takes to walk past one hotel. Only one slight irritation was that we got woken up in our room on a few occasions by a glug glugging sound coming from the bathroom. However, this was not enough to put me off, I will definitely return. I wouldn't want to be disappointed if I went anywhere else. Also excellent value for money.	
Oct 21 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!	We checked into the Bellagio after a disasterous start to our Las Vegas holiday at the Luxor (see my other review) and we were most certainly glad we switched! Amazing!! From the very moment we arrived and were checked in by the super efficient Walter we were made to feel like VIP's. The hotel is stunning and its definitely worth upgrading to a fountain view room. You can sit in large comfortable chairs in the comfort of your room watching the fountains and listening to the music on the surround sound! The rooms are huge (we had a standard king) and the bathroom was perfect.. huge tub, shower and fluffy thick towels (although a bit small) oh and huge comfy bed full of pillows! We ate breakfast twice at the Cafe Bellagio - approx $13 for eggs, hash browns &amp; bacon, $8 for juice (huge glass and freshly squeezed) and $4 for coffee. Slightly expensive but hey.. its Vegas! Would I stay there again... most definitely! We cant wait to return!	
Oct 21 2009 	Bellagio isn't all that!	For the money you pay for this hotel, you expect it to be perfect!The room looks nice, just don't look too close! The sink still had toothpaste all around it, I cleaned it myself! There was hair pins on the shower floor. We had about 6 light bulbs out throughout, and called to get them replaced but no one ever showed up! Everything is so high priced, we spent most of our time at other hotels. I would say to pay less and stay somewhere else! Actually, other than seeing &quot;O&quot; at the Bellagio, the whole experience wasn't that great, and would have much rather spent the money to visit someplace else. This was our 2nd trip to Vegas, our first time was fun, but the 2nd time wasn't worth it!	
Oct 21 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	First time in Vegas and it was a happy trip because we stayed at the Bellagio. We were on honeymoon and the husband had splurged on a suite. The room was so comfortable and we were treated like Gods. Amazing view, 3 bathrooms, 4 tellies, It was bigger than my flat in London!!!The room facilities were amazing for us, I'll probably never stay in a better hotel room so I won't bore you with these details. Suffice to say, there is a big big casino in the Bellagio, so you are sharing the hotel and its leisure facilities with the 18,000 people who traipse through the place on a daily basis. But, as I've been told, that is Vegas! The on-site facilities are VERY expensive - $50 for a bog-standard (although massive) steak is a bit rich for my palate but you are paying to eat in one of the best places in Vegas. The bars and restaurants were always packed, so clearly no one minds the cost! The staff were superb, the service was the best I experienced during our entire trip around California. The Wi-Fi wasn't free, not even in the suites and I thought this was a bit cheeky. We paid a good deal to stay here and had seen free Wi-Fi advertised at $50 motels during our trip. I think they should offer this to their customers. If you need Wi-Fi, be prepared for the $15 a day cost!We ordered room service on our last night and this was the only downside. The food was no advertised and so much of the meal was inedible to one of us (due to allergies). When I rang to draw their attention to this, I was quite rudely dealt with. I left it 20 minutes (while I calmed down to be honest) and rang back to talk to the manager. This guy took the complaint much more seriously and things were sorted out. But I'd had to get a bit hormonal, which is never nice. A pretty small issue to be honest. If you are going to Vegas, stay here. If you can stretch to a suite, book it. You get far too much for your money, you won't want to leave the room!!!	
Oct 21 2009 	Not our cup of tea	This review is from April 2009- I write in my notebook then when I get a chance I post it to TAWe booked Encore for our 8 night stay in April....but received a 3 day comp from Bellagio.We figured this would be a great time to check out the Bellagio (we had heard and read alot of good things about it). So called and booked two of the three nights April 29-30th.We checked in to Bellagio on Wed 29th......easy breezy checkin- no problems at all. She told us to go to a promotions desk to get 2 free buffets included in comp offer. We were given room 8-059 (I'm not sure what tower but I know it was an old one, I believe West tower). We go up the elevators and as we get off I'm noticing a musky/old smell....I was thinking maybe the carpet was washed and still damp,the smell disappeared as we walked down to our room.The room was fine and clean......just looked dated. I did like the bathroom alot (and really liked Bellagios moisturizer...usually never use hotels because they are horrible ). The view....well we were on a low floor facing the Rio- view of the roof top, but that was no biggie to us. I certainly wasn't expecting a great view anyway seeing the room was a free comp. To be honest with you we are probobly one of a few that really don't think the Bellagio fountains are that big of a deal- we think they are overrated - so that view wouldn't of effected our stay either way.We played at the casino for several hours and did enjoy the casino- the selection of slots. I ordered a mojito and thought it was good (the Wynn/Encore no longer serve these at the casino-you need to get it at the bar).We didn't stay over on wednesday night but came back on thursday and spent the day and night there. We went to a promotion desk and a woman gave us two free buffet tickets and line passes (she asked us if we would like an alcohol beverage with it, which we declined, but I thought that was really nice of her).We did the dinner buffet- ok we are not buffet people but it was free and again heard lots of rave reviews about it so had to try it. To us is was just basic food nothing Fab.....kinda like cafeteria food. The bed in the room was very comfortable good night sleep and the room extremely quiet. Room service was ok....the server was very friendly . We just ordered a turkey club to split (not that great) and each a bowl of gelato- the coffee gelato was sooo good though. I noticed something about Bellagio room service....they do not send up glasses of cold ice water with their orders like Encore and Wynn both do.Next morning we have an appointment for a couples massage at 9:30 am (this was friday morning). They told us to be there a half hour early. So we trekked from our west room to the spa (I really disliked not being able to get on the elevator and hitting the spa button). Got there 35 minutes ahead of time.....got off the elevator and there was hardly any room to stand there was so many people in line for workouts and treatments.......took us exactly 35 minutes to get through the line. Then to the desk to collect slippers and locker key....she looked at her watch and was like we are running late -sorry no time for tour -you must get changed and I will bring you to the waiting area. So I changed very fast ....and off to the overpacked waiting area and husband soon followed in. Therapists were coming out and calling names rather quickly- I felt like an assembly line- Moooooooooo came to mind.My therapist was Anna, hubbies was Stacey (he really enjoyed his massage)....mine however was the worst massage I ever had. Her techniques was definitely lacking....she was briskly rubbing, felt like she was going through fast sloppy motions to get it done- it really was horrible as her fingers constantly cracked. It was really annoying, not sure if it was more annoying because the massage was so awful. I was just thinking in my head .....hurry up and be over. When it was over I was glad but extremely upset and stressed. I couldn't believe how bad it was- I mean come on how can a massage be horrible- well it was. We paid I over tipped hubbies therapist and under tipped mine- and I didn't care.We got back to the room to change and I really was upset and hubby suggesting calling the Encore and booking a massage with them. So I called and booked a couples massage for saturday morning (I asked about the spa and if it would be overly packed- because I did not want to relive the crowd in the Bellagio spa- she said it was saturday morning and it might be very busy so I opted for a in room couples massage). The massage therapist I had the next day more then made up for fridays disaster. She also told me if for any reason I'm uncomfortable with a masseuse to ask her to stop. I didn't want to be rude (and ruin husbands massage as well).....but in the future if I ever run into that again I will definitely tell them to stop and not go through that again.Overall Bellagio is a nice place- but it is really showing it's age. I'm not crazy about the crowds that go there to see the fountains and conservatory, and other things. I like a more calm relaxing feel to a hotel and casino and Bellagio does not have it. We would be back to gamble but doubt we would stay there again- too many other nice places to stay.	
Oct 21 2009 	Fab Hotel too many people	I loved the Bellagio, the staff were really nice. The rooms were lovely, we overlooked the swimming pools. The rooms were equiped with everything you could possible need, except coffee machine which would have been nice. There was even an iron which I was very surprised as I thought it would be all valet service. The bathroom was fabulous with a bath as well as a shower. The location is great as it is at the very centre of the strip and everything around. The only thing I found a bit of a nuisance was all the people around the entrance and in the foyer, I know everyone wants to have a look at the Bellagio as it is so beautiful but you almost have to fight your way in. The buffet was really nice even though there was a big queue it soon went down and it was well worth the $25 or whatever it was.	
Oct 21 2009 	Its good but was expecting better and very busy inside	Its a great hotel, but was expecting more for a hotel with so many stars, service was some times great, other times average, getting breakfast every day was a nightmare.Always very busy with tourists wandering around. To get from one part of the hotel to another had to walk miles.When I go back to Vegas will choose to stay some where else next time either the Mandarin Oriental when it opens or the Wynn / Encore as they seemed more private.	
Oct 21 2009 	The Fountains Save this Hotel!	The title really nails it here. The Bellagio is nothing without the Fountains. It's the ONLY reason we stayed here on a last minute decision to spend another night in Vegas to catch Frank Calliendo at the Monte Carlo. Check-in took a little time but the clientèle are the reason there. Pleasant overall - though not very friendly.This hotel is now over 11 years old. The casino is one of my least favorite on the strip. The Tropicana holds the lowest in my opinion. It's a massive sprawling goliath of a casino which I didn't care for much. The Palazzo wins on appearance in my book. The elevators are showing their age now too. But this is a nice hotel physically. Great shops too to look at in wonder at the prices.The bedrooms aren't a winner though. I bumped up the reservation to get a lake view. If it weren't for the lake view and the Fountains, I'd have left. The rooms are terrible. Very cramped and very dated now too. Dark and drab in appearance. The bathroom is large but poorly laid out. The shower isn't powerful enough to rinse your shampoo from your hair on its own either. The In-Room Dining here though is very good. High praise indeed for price and quality and service. Beats the Palazzo hands down.The biggest killer here though is the internet charge. By far the most expensive I've seen anywhere. $14.99 for 24 hours is absolutely ridiculous. Unforgivable. Seriously overpriced. And the kick in the nuts if you don't have WiFi is that you have to buy the CAT5e cable from the minibar unless you pack your own. Sickener.Again it's the fountains that kept me here. That is all.	
Oct 20 2009 	All fluff and none of the good stuff!	My husband and I stayed one night at the Bellagio Hotel and it will be our last! Not only was the room small and outdated, we were awakened at 9:30 a.m. with an alarm sounding in the hall with an announcement being repeated over and over again. We finally called the front desk to ask if we were to vacate our foom and were told no, they were still investigating the alarm and we would be notified. About 10 minutes later, we got another alarm and more repeated announcements that we could ignore the first ones! The personnel were pleasant for the most part, but the valet was a bit rude. I enjoyed the Palazzo and the Wynn much more.	
Oct 20 2009 	Very good experience !	A great hotel experience ! Compared to the Venetian where we stayed days before, everything is a little upper class there, out of the room size, very nice, but more standard sized. Except tiny details (why there isn’t general room light switch ?? – again a keycard not working very well), it’s tough to find something really negative. Dinner at Yellowtail (Japanese) with Fountain Show right outside was just great. We went to the “O” Cirque du Soleil show, a really great entertainment! We also requested some help from the concierge desk (already before going to LV) and their service was perfect. There are plenty of great hotels on the Strip, but I would certainly return to the Bellagio if I go again in LV.	
Oct 20 2009 	Best Bet	Stayed here for three nights and upgraded to suite, excellent room but facing strip. Our friends did not upgrade and took their fountain view rooms which were smaller but much more visually exciting. We ate each day at the buffet which was excellent but ate once at Olives which was disappointing and expensive. Visited other hotels and Bellagio is the best bet for anyone visiting for a few days, staff were helpful and no queues on reception as others have faced perhaps due to recession?	
Oct 19 2009 	A good safe bet if you are new to this type of experience....	First trip to Las Vegas (I've always pronounced it &quot;lass&quot; but locally we heard &quot;loss&quot; Vegas....wonder why?) and, prior to travel, thought of it as a 'once in a lifetime' sort of holiday. Done the Mediterranean/Canaries and looking for something extra.Travelled direct from the UK with Virgin because I didn't want a 15 hour or longer trip via somewhere else. Wanted a location on the strip with bright lights to look at so we picked an hotel in the middle and, having heard good things about Bellagio from friends, booked a room with a lake view which also means you look across to the 'Eiffel' Tower. Hadn't thought too much about the weather but October proved a good choice; 85 degrees, clear blue sky and good for both walking around town and lazing by the pool. Spent a lot of time wondering around the strip. Lions at MGM, volcano at Mirage, ship battle at TI.....mind boggling. And Glitter Gulch is amazing if you like bright lights and street artists. Couldn't see the attraction of the slot machines and didn't want the formality/expense of fine dining every day; saved our money for a helicopter trip to Grand Canyon and 'O' performance at Bellagio (both jaw-droppingly spectacular in very different ways).Buffet breakfast at Bellagio was a good way of starting the day; after that we topped up carbs and calories with visits to Panda Express and Denny's. People seem to rave about the quality of the US buffet experience; it's good but happens all over Europe these days. Looking back, the holiday was great because we did it our way. Dressed down market, ate relatively (but still a shock now that £1 = $1.50) cheaply but stayed in 5 start comfort in a 5 star location. Saw the Grand Canyon. Saw a fantastic theatre show. Beyond that, you'd be asking a lot if you want perfection from hotels which have 3000+ rooms and cater for as many breakfasts. We arrived when check-in was empty and have nothing but praise for US customs clearance, taxi driver and hotel staff. All friendly and informative. And make use of Concierge and anyone else whose job is to help; they know their stuff. I've read other reviews where people weren't so lucky. Hey ho! Luck of the draw.Last word on the room. If you've never measured the size of your bedroom, 550 sq ft is more than enough for 2 people. Can be a distraction when you see other hotels with maybe 650 sq ft on split levels. Bellagio is a little dated and quaint (Wynn is perhaps more modern and a younger image). And the lake view comes at a cost...the booming noise of the water feature every 15 minutes till midnight (but are you really going to go to bed before midnight in LV?).Last word on the holiday booking experience. Tried through Virgin Holidays, eBookers and Last minute. Ended up with Last minute but, over several days, all of them showed a variety of availability and prices. One day a holiday would not be available and the next it was back on again. What's that all about? Last word on price; there are cheaper/indirect ways of flying into LV and plenty of motels near the strip. You still see the same sights....s'pose it just depends what price you put on comfort.	
Oct 19 2009	Excellence 	My husband and I decided to renew our wedding vows on our 25th Anniversary. When we arrived at Bellagio we were greeted with a warm and welcoming smile. At reception the hotel staff were very friendly and quick. We checked into our room which was stunning. Beautiful bathroom and amenities. Later on the same day we went and saw the concierge about booking us into the Circo restaurant for us and our two friends. Nothing was a problem and he also organized a limousine for us to go to the Little Church of the West where we renewed our vows. Prior to our renewal my wedding dress had become a litle crushed from travelling from Australia. I rang the concierge and he also organized the housekeeping to get my dress pressed for our special day. On the night of our Anniversary we went to dinner at Circo with our friends and the service and food was impeccable. Later when we were walking through the casino we were complimented by alot of passer bys. We definitely would stay at Bellagio again as they made our Anniversary a very special one.	
Oct 17 2009 	Nice stay very helpful staff in all areas.	Stayed at the Bellagio for 6 nites for vacation. Unlike some posts, we did not have to wait to check in. However, when we got to the room (after what seemed like walking for miles thru the casino), it wasn't clean. The bathroom still had soap, etc. in the shower, the toiletries the hotel provides had been opened and the room hadn't been vacuumed or properly cleaned. We complained and initially were told housekeeping would be sent up, but we balked at that, and were transferred to a new room with a view of the fountains, which was much better. Beds are comfy, the bathrooms are spacious and all in all, we were happy with our stay once we got checked in to the new, cleaned room. Strangely, tho, we did not receive new hand towels and washclothes on our last 2 days, and had to request them from housekeeping staff. But those two minor things are the only issues we have with our stay at the Bellagio. Other than that, we had a great stay. One thing I want to mention that we really thought was a great touch, and that is they have a staff person located at the elevators in the lobby, and they check to make sure you have a room key before allowing you to proceed to an elevator as a measure of security. I found that to be very comforting and appreciate the effort put forth by the Bellagio in that respect. A very nice touch. Wish more places would do that. Finally, we ate most times at the Cafe Bellagio, and had very nice (and huge!) meals there. I would also like to commend the staff we encountered while there - everyone was EXTREMELY accommodating to any request we made and were very friendly - we really can't say enough about them. They helped us in any way they could and we really appreciated it. All in all, we had a very nice stay at the Bellagio, and we would definitely recommend it.	
Oct 17 2009 	Bellagio is still our favorite hotel on the strip!	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Bellagio with our 18 year old daughter. We booked a package through Frontier Airlines and we upgraded our room to a fountain view when we arrived at the hotel for $30 per night . It is definitely worth it to have such an amazing view of both the fountains and the Paris Resort at night.We did try the buffet for dinner one evening and enjoyed the food for its quality and variety and had breakfast and gelato at the cafe and a delicious lunch at the pool cafe.Overall I would have to state that the Bellagio is an incredible hotel in facilities and services. Phone requests are complied with immediately and everyone has a &quot;can do&quot; attitude. Our room was immaculate and very enjoyable. the proximity to shopping, dining and shows is so convenient. This was our third stay at this hotel and we intend to return again !	
Oct 16 2009 	It is okay	I think the hotel ihas been overated taking into consideration with the price we paid for the hotel with a family of four including two teenagers . The hotel is very spacious however the room is not that great and we could have got the same size of room at a much lower rate at a different hotel rated at two stars. The package including our fare from Calgary alberta for 3 nights was over $5000.00 and it is definitely not worthy. My recommendation to anyone planning a trip to Las Vegas is to shop around for a better deal to the amount of money spent. There are a lot of great hotels with bigger rooms like Mandelay Bay, the Venitian etc. After we checked out and settled the bill there was no mention of thank you for the stay from staff members at the front desk.	
Oct 15 2009 	Lived up to expectations	Thought the hotel was as beautiful inside as it is in the common areas and the outside. The room was very decadent. I stayed for a convention at the hotel and would recommend the spa towers instead of the regular towers. It was quite a hike between the ballrooms and the rooms. One of the best burgers I had was at snacks. Cafe Gelato was unbelievable, and Circo was a fantastic meal.	
Oct 15 2009 	Welcome to the Fabulous Bellagio	This was not our 1st visit to Vegas, but it was our 1st stay with Bellagio. There aren't enough adjectives to describe how great our experience was. From the moment we arrived and the bell captain helped us out of the car and retrieved our luggage, it was total excellence. The staff at check-in, our house keeper, the concierge department, and all the wait staff we encountered were nothing short of wonderful. There was never anyone we met along the way that even had a hint of anything less than a welcoming smile. We were celebrating our 20th anniversary and Bellagio helped make it even more special. We ordered a cake from Jean-Phillippe bakery; it was absolutely to-die-for. We are now ruined for any other hotel. It will always be Bellagio.	
Oct 15 2009 	Romantic stay at Bellagio!	I stayed 5 days at Bellagio in January 2008. The weather was a little too cold and you need to get a warm jacket, but otherwise the trip was beautiful. We stayed in a room facing the fountains and the view was beautiful. Every 15 minutes they will start. The shows takes abaout 5 minutes, so essentially every 10 minutes you can hear them. One night we had dinner across the street at Mon Ami, Gabi! at the Paris Resort &amp; Casino, on the terase. We listned to the fountain show while having dinner. It was extreamly romantic, I loved it. Good spot for pictures too. The hotel was fantastic, very elegant, very clean. It is a perfect place for a romantic gettaway.We will probably go back and stay at Bellagio as well. The only other choise that I can think of is Venetian, but only if we can't find a room at Bellagio.	
Oct 15 2009 	Best Trip to Vegas I Have Had	We flew in for one quick night. My daughter was having her 16th Birthday and wanted to see the &quot;O&quot; show. We booked into the Penthouse Suite with a connecting room and it was SPECTACULAR!!! The Penthouse includes a limo ride to and from the airport and it was great to have a driver waiting for us when we entered baggage claim. Also included with the Penthouse is a private check in lounge so we did not wait in the long lines to check in or out. We also received at check in-Line Passes for Taxi's and all restaurants so we did not wait anywhere we wanted to go. The VIP service Lounge made dinner reservations for us at Circa and we got VIP seating for &quot;O&quot;. I can't complain about anything. The room we had was on the 33rd Floor and faced the fountains. It was HUGE and had his and her separate bathrooms. The connecting room for my daughter and her friend was very nice as well. The Restaurant Circa was a real treat. It was expensive but we were there to indulge so we did not mind. My daughter had the best birthday. She loved &quot;O&quot; and got a Tiffany necklace from Daddy at the store inside the Bellagio the next morning. I would highly recommend this location and the Penthouse experience. We were there in a Sunday evening and the price was not as high as I expected($400) considering all the perks...it was worth it! I can honestly say, I am looking forward to going back to Vegas....not something I would have said before this specific trip. We are certain to stay at Bellagio again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Perfect Stay!	My husband and I just returned from a wonderful stay at the Bellagio. Check in was quick. We were provided with a room on the 14th room facing the fountains. It was perfect. We enjoyed our view every day. I usually find that with strip view hotel rooms it's neat the first day and then you just stop looking at it, but not at the Bellagio. We'd sit and watch the fountains every day and night of our stay. Location was outstanding!Room was great. Very spacious. The TV is the only thing &quot;dated&quot; in my opinion. But we really never watched more than 20 minutes of it a day anyways and it was a descent size, so I have no complaints about it. The bathroom was also large and very comfortable. Be warned though, the toilet flushes like an airplane one would.....it scared the heck out of me the first time I heard it! :)The hotel and casino areas are very nice and very busy. Unlike some, we like that, I hate staying at a quiet location. Perhaps that's due to our age, but we love staying a properties that have a lot of action and descent night life. The clubs/lounges at the Bellagio were always busy by the way. The casino is a little smokey, but I find they all are to some degree. As a non-smoker, this did not bother me.Check out was very quick. Check out is Noon and we didn't get out of our room until 1pm, with no one hasseling us to hurry up either. Housekeeping stopped by thinking we might be staying another night!Service was very good. We needed a mini fridge and it was up to our room within 5 minutes of us getting to our room. Then within 5 minutes of that our phone rang with someone checking to ensure our fridge had arrived. That was nice.We ate at Fix, expensive, but awesome! We really enjoyed our meal there (both ordered the &quot;drunken lobster&quot; - excellent!). The buffet was suprisingly so good that we ate dinner there twice! Outstanding!And while there may be newer, more modern luxury hotels on the strip (perhaps Wynn/Encore), the Bellagio will be our first choice. The hotel is outstanding and the location is perfect! I highly recommend this hotel!	
Oct 14 2009 	Beautiful hotel	I have to admit that my expectations were already pretty high for the Bellagio so any little thing that wasn't perfect stood out. Really the only negatives were that the front desk staff were not exceptionally helpful and that I wish there had been stations to print out my boarding pass where I didn't have to pay (I ended up doing it for free at the concierge, but that is still a bit inconvenient for today's hotel standards). If those are my only complaints, then this place is still a fabulous hotel. The style is more &quot;traditional&quot; than the Wynn, and the buffet is not too expensive at $30.	
Oct 14 2009 	Bellagio was OK	A group of 4 of us went to Vegas. It was my 60+Mom and Aunt and my sister and I .We stayed at Bellagio. We booked early and got a room for $90/night. The room was OK. Nothing over the top. The hotel is big. It takes forever to walk to your room or go out. Ate breakfast at the hotel every morning. The service was so/so. The food was good but very over priced. There was no coffee maker in the room. Unbelievable. We bought a small coffee maker and packed it up and brought it home with us. Ate at the buffet one night. It was good. Big selection. There was a long wait to get in when we left. Hotel check in was very slow. Definitely did not have enough staff working.Overall, Bellagio was a good deal at $90/night, but I would not pay rack rates for the hotel. You'd be better off booking a suite at an older hotel.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great hotel but expensive	stayed in the bellagio for 4 night fab location on the stripe very expensive to eat and drink at hotel but loads of places to eat just up the road.room was very nice very clean and big, pools where first class very clean.went in lots of the hotels and would stay in them for a lot less money but the experance was good.	
Oct 14 2009 	what a place	stayed for 10 nights 22/09 to 02/10,third time at the bellagio what a place,great location,great room,no complaints at all,staff fantastic cannot come up with any negatives at all !! had a problem charging my english cellphone but maintenance man had it sorted within 5 minutes of me making a call great service !! would reccomend to anyone young or old fantastic base to explore the strip.	
Oct 14 2009 	We're staying at the Bellagio don't you know!	If you haven't already heard the Bellagio mentioned, you will when you stay there... The fountains are amazing and worth catching several times to compare the show when done to pop music, classical music or showtunes.Massive hotel, but friendly staff. Beautiful building, lovely comfortable rooms and fantastic views over Las Vegas and Nevada. (Just don't touch the minibar!). Definitely in the best part of the strip and so convenient for other hotels and attractions. Whenever anyone asked where we were staying, when we said Bellagio, people always nodded approvingly... not that it mattered, but it's clearly well-regarded and deservedly so in my opinion. Worth checking out the restaurants (Sensi was one of the nicest meals I've ever eaten) and the cafes (cakes to die for) too.My big tip is the show... We saw &quot;O&quot; by Cirque du Soleil (which takes place in the Bellagio) and after deciding to book tickets, we were thrilled to find we got a massive 25% off as we were hotel residents. A real unexpected bonus to staying there.	
Oct 13 2009 	Super	Next to perfect. 15 minute line up to check in, after that...perfection. I don't know how anyone can rate it less than 4. People that complain about the prices of 5 star resorts are more concerned with money than worth.	
Oct 13 2009 	Maginificent Hotel	This was a memorable experience staying in Bellagio in Lasvegas; We got a great room with a veiw in around 17th floor; The room was very elegant and especially i liked the Bathroom; It was goegeous. The room was very comfy. We had a great time staying in this hotel and will stay again when i visit next time.Oh one more thing; The breakfast Buffet is a sure thing you dont want to miss; This has a very vast selection of food varities than other places in Vegas. Enjoy.	
Oct 13 2009 	Top of the Line!	The Bellagio is the benchmark for Las Vegas resorts. Eschewing kitch or otherwise limiting themes, this hotel simply aims for excellence in decor, amenities, shopping, and restaurants. Indeed, the superlative restaurants are what will bring us back to Las Vegas. We might also gamble a little!	
Oct 13 2009 	5 star accommodation and reception service at the Bellagio?? I think not.	We booked a non-smoking room in August and were advised there were only smoking rooms available upon check-in in October. Once in our stale smoke scented room we found stains on our pillows (either from cigarettes or blood) and pillows of different shapes and shades of cream/brown on the bed. The room itself was ordinary - more like a 3-star old style hotel room. After calling front desk twice to explain our disappointment at the standard of the room and asking if we could pay for an upgrade into a different room, it was finally the housekeeping inspection staff who changed our room for us (apparently there was now a smoke-free room available). This change occurred 1.5 hours after check-in. There was no follow up from reception/concierge staff once we had changed room.Check-in and Check-out was appalling for a 5 diamond star hotel... no service what so ever. Both gentleman we dealt with clearly didn't want to be there, were arrogant and did not ask us any of the usual questions such as &quot;we hope you enjoy your stay&quot; or &quot;do you have any questions&quot; or &quot;did you enjoy your stay&quot; or &quot;have a safe onward journey&quot; or &quot;thank you for choosing the Bellagio&quot;. If they looked us in the eye that might have been a start.It's like herding cattle through at this place. I'd recommend staying at somewhere that has a fresh feel such as the Wynn or even 2 year old Planet Hollywood - where you have a view of the Bellagio fountains anyway.Bellagio can be commended on their food &amp; beverage service/standards and that's about it. For two Australian's that have never had to complain about anywhere we've stayed at, I can say the hotel we were sure would impress us, completely fell short.	
Oct 12 2009 	Loved the Bellagio	Visited the Bellagio from 10/1 - 10/4 for a girls trip to celebrate my best friend's birthday. We stayed in the Spa Tower room 11622. Had a great view of the fountains, Paris, and Planet Hollywood. The room was pretty nice....the bathroom was great. The hotel was just so grand! I loved the fall decor in the hotel. The bakery was to die for....had yummy crepes. We ate at Noodles and Cafe Bellagio while there. The highlight of the trip was seeing Cirque du Soleil &quot;O&quot; ; which was phenomenal. This was my 4th show and by far the greatest. We visited the Palms for a pool party, Rio for all you can eat crab and lobster, and ate at Delmonico's in the Venetian. We enjoyed shopping in the Bellagio and Fashion Mall. Ordered my friend's birthday cake from nearby Freed's bakery.Vegas was great....we're already planning the next trip! The only bummer was the 3 hour time difference from Atlanta to Vegas. I woke up at 4:30 every morning!	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Hotel.... but not worth the price tag in my opinion	We decided to splurge a little with a stay at the Bellagio. I’ve stayed at other hotels on the strip, and in the end they are all about the same. Sure, Bellagio is very nice, but I really don’t think you get what you pay for. The only staff members that are really attentive to your needs, are the maids. I asked the girl in charge of our room for a toothbrush and tooth paste, and the following day she asked if I needed some more toothpaste. She was sweet enough to remember what I had asked for the day before, which is hard to do when you’re in charge of a whole floor of rooms. I think that’s one of the main reasons why I didn’t LOVE this hotel, you see different faces everyday with no personal one on one contact with employees. I felt like I was just a room number. Sure the hotel is gorgeous, and so is the pool, but not very attentive to the small details people appreciate. I’m glad I stayed here, but I probably wouldn’t do it again unless the price was comparable to some of the other hotels on the strip.	
Oct 12 2009 	What happens in Vegas....	The Bellagio lives up to its reputation as a first class casino/resort. The hotel is centrally located on the strip which I found very convenient. The staff were all friendly and the cleanliness exceeded my expectations. The pool was never over-crowded and we were always able to find a chair (and the drink girls came by often). There are great restaurants in the hotel and fun night-life too! We spent two afternoons at spa Bellagio. The spa is only available for guests but, if you do decide to stay there, make sure you schedule a service. 	
Oct 11 2009 	Another nice stay at the Bellagio	We recently took advantage of a discount email from the Bellagio and stayed 4 nights in a lakeview room. The room was great for the price, the staff was friendly and helpful and we had a very enjoyable stay. We also saw the Cirque de Soleil show &quot;O&quot; at the Bellagio and it was very impressive!BTW the &quot;Marriage can be Murder&quot; show at the Fitzgerald was very funny, and the food was great!	
Oct 11 2009 	Wow Fantastic Hotel!!	My partner and I stayed at the Bellagio for 7 nights in August '09 and loved it. The hotel lived up to all our expectations. Our room was on the 27th floor overlooking the Rio and Palms Hotels. The room was large with a seating area, floor to ceiling window and a huge marble bathroom. The restaurants in the hotel are really good especially Prime where we had the best steaks we'd ever had. The hotel is so clean and not tacky like some of the others (although this is Vegas so being tacky is not a bad thing). We also booked a helicopter trip to the Grand Canyon through the concierge which was great (recommend Maverick Helicopter trips). This is without a doubt a fantastic hotel which lives up to it's name!!	
Oct 10 2009 	Wonderful hotel	We stayed at the Bellagio when we went to Vegas and it was a wonderful choice. The Bellagio is a beautiful hotel with all the comforts. Our view was magnificent, the Bellagio fountains and the Paris hotel. We also liked that with all the walking, our hotel was in a great location and we could always go back to our room and rest a bit. At the chocolatier I had the best sandwich I've ever eaten. It was a truly wonderful experience and our best part of the trip was staying at the Bellagio. Can't wait to return!	
Oct 10 2009 	simply fantastic	stayed at the Bellagio for 4 nites had beautiful mtn views room was awesome	
Oct 10 2009 	Gorgeous hotel excellent staff amazing food!	We had a wonderful two night stay here. The hotel facility is spectacular. The location was perfect for walking the Strip. The restaurants we tried were all wonderful - especially Sense!	
Oct 10 2009 	Bellagio is still a wonderful hotel	Only one comment. They need to upgrade to flat panel TVs in all rooms.	
Oct 9 2009 	Awesome Hotel Food Expensive	I have to say that I have been to Las Vegas many times and stayed at MGM Grand, Rio, Monte Carlo, Bally's, and Mandalay Bay and this by far is the best hotel of all of them.The servie was excellent. We had a standard deluxe room and immediately the staff at the hotel was so polite.When we were walking to our room we passed two housekeepers and maintenance person all of which stopped and said &quot;Hello and enjoy your stay here&quot;. This happened throughout our stay. Nobody was rude as far as the staff.The room was very nice and clean. It had a great soakers tub which my wife enjoyed and excellent shower. The only bad thing I found with the room was I wish it had free internet or wifi at least and The lighting was okay. It had plently of lights in bathroom and by the bed but had nothing that was bright enough for the whole room unless you turned on all the lights. The A/C was okay I think it could be designed better for better flow but I was comfortable.The resort is gorgeous with the garden area, pool area was suberb and they made you show a room key to get into the area which was nice. There was plenty of chairs to lounge in and plenty of people to get drinks if you wanted. They had 4 pools with 2 heated to I would say mid-70's at 10AM and 2 hot tubs sort of hidden which was nice.The only thing I have to say I was shocked over which I guess for this resort you should expect was food prices. My wife and I had pancakes, waffles, and fruit plate with OJ and Coffe and the bill was over $50. This was at the 24 hr cafe and not some fancy restaurant. The next morning we both got coffee and 3 pastries to share at the coffee store (Bellagio's Starbucks) and that was $40. I understand it is high class hotel and the food was excellent but for those kind of places I would expect a little higher charge since at the location and on strip but still think little overpriced and will definetly remember if we stay here again.The rest of the meals we ate along the strip and found some good options.We went with some friends also and visited the Burger Bar and Minus 5 at Mandalay Bay. The Burger Bar was excellent but expect to pay about $20 per person with soda and meal. Minus 5 was unique experience and will never forget it but no cameras allowed except theirs of course and pricey to get in but well worth doing once in your lifetime. Other than that we did the usual stops on strip which we always enjoy watching the fountains, volcano, gandala rides, etc.In summary I would definetly stay again at the Bellagio but will definetly not eat at any of the restaurants or shops and walk little bit to get better prices for good quality food.	
Oct 9 2009 	Nice but too expensive	We stayed at Bellagio for 2 nights. Everything is beautiful: the lobby, the restaurants, the pool, however, it is very expensive and I did not feel the room was anything extraordinary for what we paid for it. If I stood against the window i could see the fountains, so we didn't even have the most expensive room! I think you can find a nicer, larger room and better amenities at other strip hotels. I like the Venetian/Palazzo very much. The rooms are much larger, and the service just as good and the rates about 1/2 the Bellagio. The Wynn/Encore rooms are huge, the beds amazing (although they too charge outrageous fees for simple things like snacks or drinks!) and no more expensive than Bellagio. My favorite strip hotel is TheHotel at mandalay bay. It is pure luxury. It costs about the same as the Bellagio, but it is a true suite (2 rooms separated by a door) with plenty of space. Impeccable service.	
Oct 9 2009 	Gorgeous View	We stayed at Bellagio for our anniversary and had a fountain view room. The view was absolutely breath-taking. We turned the TV to the station that played the fountain music and watched the fountains over and over again. It was gorgeous!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Always wonderful!	As always the Bellagio was fabulous! Our room was clean and comfortable with an amazing view of the fountain. The staff is exceptional. We dined at Michael Mina for the first time and it was such a nice experience. &quot;O&quot; was amazing! I highly recommend the Bellagio. It takes your Vegas vacation up a notch for sure!	
Oct 9 2009 	Convenient but flithy.	Although the Bellagio has a convenient location on the strip, I would not choose to stay there again. Our room had crushed beer bottles and used condoms that remained in the corners throughout our trip (almost 10 days!). The bed SHEETS had some disgusting stains, that were probably a mixture between glitter, chocolate, coffee, blood, and other body fluid. To add insult to injury, our bill was over 3% more than our original quote; we only discovered this rate hike when receiving our bill on the last day. When you're staying at a hotel like the Bellagio that is already expensive, 3% can make a significant difference.	
Oct 9 2009 	Beautiful hotel centrally located on the strip	This hotel lobby was beautiful. Indoor garden area with beautiful flowers and birds.Outdoor entrance elegant and staff very helpful. Would definitely stay there again.The pools are the best I've seen.	
Oct 9 2009 	Class in the middle of Las Vegas!	Best location right in the middle of the strip. I think this is one of the most expensive hotels on the boulevard, but when you step in, you realize why... 5 diamonds!!! The facilities are awesome, you can see art and class everywhere, Try the suites facing the Strip and fountains. Helpful staff... Excellent place for our honeymoon. &quot;What I liked the best was the buffet breakfast!&quot; it was rated the best restaurant in Vegas and I strongly agree. Beautiful pool where you can lay all day. The casino is of the &quot;expensive ones&quot; but is elegant, funny and safe. My only complain was trying to eat something at midnight and did not find anything besides standing in line for buffalo wings... No doubt I would come back!	
Oct 9 2009 	50th birthday bash	Great value, wonderful room, very clean, housekeeping members were great, check in and check out was easy. One beautiful hotel property.	
Oct 9 2009 	wonderful bellagio !!	We have just come back from a trip to Vegas for my birthday ! I can't fault the hotel, the lobby/pool/shops/bars all brilliant with excellent service and friendly people. The casino was great fun with a huge amount of choice and again friendly staff.We had a lake view room overlooking the fountains, you could put the tv on and it would play the music in your room that the fountains were dancing to ! spectacular !We ate breakfast in the hotel, buffet style but nothing like you would get in England it was amazing with so much choice and all lovely, think it was about $20 so well worth it.We also ate by the pool for lunch which was great and really nice. We had room service one night which was also fab ! the cleaning staff were great and tidied our room not once but twice a day.Some of the reviews on here are moaning about the cost etc but you are going to Vegas - save up ! and it's not that expensive.The only thing I would say is we tried to get into The Bank (Bellagio's night club) but we were told guest list only which we thought was wrong as we were staying in the hotel.All in all we had the most wonderful holiday and the hotel was fabulous	
Oct 9 2009 	Nice - But I would stay elsewhere	Was traveling on honeymoon, tried to get an upgrade through the front desk by slipping some money... didnt work, all we got was a &quot;line pass&quot; to skip to the front of the buffet line - what a joke. When we got up to our room 2 light bulbs we burnt out in the bathroom. I also expected being the Bellagio a nice lcd tv... no luck, just and tube tv. The casino was nice! Loved the casino!	
Oct 8 2009 	First time in Vegas and it was awesome!!!	Stayed at the Bellagio. Even if you have to book it 5 or 6 months in advance it is worth it. I got a great deal on bookit.com, but the hotel is gorgeous and the food was the best. We were able to check-in early and I called the day before check-out and they even gave us an extra hour to check-out later.We saw the &quot;O&quot; show, it is amazing. The food at Yellowtail was great. At least try their Rock Shrimp appetizer---it is soooo good! I told them I was celebrating my husband's birthday and they had a birthday card signed by all the staff waiting for him at the table. We also went to The Bank nightclub, which was very chic and hip if you like to party. Overall, I don't know that I will stay anywhere else when we go back. My only negative is, and this is only because my mother-in-law had this issue; if you are playing the slots at Bellagio don't think the waitresses will be coming by to check on you. I guess they don't have as much staff as they use to, and all the waitresses are at the poker tables instead waiting on those gamblers. My mother-in-law was mad because she had to get up and ask for a drink. I did not really gamble, so personally I don't care. Besides, I know there are plenty of other casinos that have lots of waitresses ready and waiting for the slot players.	
Oct 8 2009 	The more you pay the less you get	Why is it that the more expensive the room, the less you get. After paying $300 per night (Labor Day weekend) the Bellagio charges $15 for the Internet and does not have a refrigerator, microwave or in room coffee. Judging from the guests schlepping their cases of beer the 300 yards from the parking garage, through the casino, to the guest elevators, there was going to be a lot of ice in the whirlpool tubs. The pools are plenty, but the guests place a towel on the chairs early in the AM and the hotel does not enforce the no squatting rules leaving the rest searching for a place to sit. Then the pools close at 7 PM (you must gamble!) vs. most hotels that stay open until 10 PM. The bathrooms are fabulous, but save your money and stay elsewhere.	
Oct 8 2009 	BEST HOTEL WE HAVE STAYED IN IN VEGAS SO FAR	Belllagio is the best hotel that we have stayed in Vegas. We have been to Vegas 10 times and in the last year have stayed at Bellagio three times . The staff is personable and anything is yours for the asking. We requested a fan for our room and it was promptly brought to us without a fee. The rooms are spacious and neat with chocolate being delivered each night along with turn down service and replennished towels and glasses. The casino is great nice size. Only complaint was we didn't win much. As they say these massive casinos arn't built on winners. All in all a great hotel . We are planning returning in the spring.	
Oct 8 2009 	A beautiful hotel!	This was a beautiful hotel. The lobby is just gorgeous. The service is wonderful. The pool is absolutely gorgeous. My only complaint is that the casual food - i.e. breakfast, etc. was quite expensive and they charged ($25 a day per person) to use the fitness center.	
Oct 8 2009 	good but pricey	I was underwhelmed by this hotel considering the price that we paid. The location is excellent and the staff is helpful but the room itself was average. The fountains out front are a treat but viewing does not require a say here.	
Oct 8 2009 	absolutely beautiful hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Bellagio in June. This hotel is absolutely beautiful. The pools were my favorite I could have spent a week there alone. The only downside was the buffet. The food and service were both horrible. I would stay at Bellagio again since the location and hotel itself is beautiful, but I would go somewhere else to eat.	
Oct 8 2009 	beautiful view	beautiful view of the fountain, great location! the bellagio was also playing the show &quot;O&quot; in its hotel and it was fantastic. highly recommended!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Bellagio good not great	we have stayed there in the past and always thought it to be the &quot;class&quot; of the strip. it seems to have faded a bit back towards mediocrity. still amongst the best tho.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel!	The Bellagio was absolutely beautiful. We spent the days by the pool which was wonderful and the spa was excellent. Very classy hotel. Would definiately recomment.	
Oct 8 2009 	Delightful!	Like the grande dame that she is, the Bellagio showed a wee bit of wear and tear in the room furnishings, but was overall scrumptiously elegant and gracious. Their famous restaurants were out of our price range and the terrace restaurant food less than memorable, but the hotel staff was stellar and the casino the most fun one on the strip. Watch for specials on their rate calendar -- you can occasionally find a bargain like we did, allowing us to stay in a hotel I'd always dreamed of visiting.	
Oct 8 2009	Rooms are dated need updates	For the price, I would have expected Bellagio to be way better than Paris. Everything else is super !!	
Oct 8 2009	Las Vegas - It's not all about gambling!	We were in Las Vegas for 3 nights and had a really total experience. We stayed at the Bellagio and it was beautiful. The rooms were spacious, we had a partial view of the water fountain show but saw it all. Lovely pools and spa. There is a wonderful conservatory, that changes seasonally, and has animated items, glass/metal sculpture &amp; gorgeous plants. People who didn't stay at the hotel came to see the conservatory and world's largest chocolate fountain.Yes, we gambled, but we also visited other hotels, saw CHER, who put on the show of a lifetime, saw &quot;O&quot;, the Circque de Soleil show in water, which was incredible staging, performance and sensory overload, and we took the Pink Jeep Tour of the Hoover Dam which included floating in a pontoon in the water below the Dam.Emeril's Delmonico Steakhouse at the Venetiain and Michael Mina's at the Bellagio were outstanding. A lot of the restaurants were offering prix fixe because of the economy.It was just the right amount of time and mixture of things to do.	
Oct 8 2009 	Another great stay at the Bellagio!	This was our 3rd stay at the Bellagio and again it was spectacular. We were there for a convention at one of the other area hotels and was happy we'd decided to stay at the Bellagio instead of the host hotel. The service was flawless, from the pool to the restaurants. The drinks at Caramel were good and strong (maybe a little too strong judging from the hangover!) and their staff was helpful in suggesting new drinks &amp; wines.Our bellman went out of his way to be pleasant, helpful and attentive. Although we were in a standard room, we were made to feel like VIP's. The maid service was excellent and we loved the nightly turn-down service.The only negative of this property is much the same as any other Vegas hotel - so huge that it takes forever to get to the pool or the lobby. Otherwise, we would absolutely not hesitate to recommend the Bellagio for either personal or business travel.	
Oct 8 2009 	10 days at Bellagio with adult kids and their partners	The weather was incredibly hot with 6 of the 10 days breaking 100 degrees, so any walking at all was uncomfortable. To add to the misery, one side of LVB from Harmon up to MGM was closed down, with pedestrians having to walk in a dirt and sand mixture in what was once the street.When we arrived at Bellagio, the young man behind the desk was great (Saxton). I told him that my kids and their BF,GF would be joining me at the end of the week and I wanted a penthouse for the last 2 nights. I requested an upgrade for my own room and he complied with a deluxe room.The day before my kids were supposed to be picked up by limo and transported to the hotel for our stay in the Penthouse, I attempted to confirm the arrangements in the Executive check-in and they acted like they never heard of it before. It took several &quot;are you sure&quot; and &quot;who did you talk to&quot; before they realized their mistake and sent a car.I had booked 2 bedroom Penthouse with adjoining Tower Room ($1500.00 per night) and once again got the dummy treatment. The girls at the executive check in desk told me there were no radjoining rooms available even though I had booked the Tower room for just this reason. I had to stay in a room seperate from my family and they acted like they were doing me a favor by allowing me to remain on the same floor.I had also pre-booked Spa appointments for my daughter and my son's girlfriend and had selected the &quot;Bellagio special&quot; for $170. apiece from the spa menu. When the girls returned, I saw on my bill (which they were not given and I had to check it on-line) that they were charged $325.00 APIECE!!! Again, my calls were met with transfers to empty phone lines. In summation, even though we enjoyed our stay at Bellagio and the amenities are superior, service and record keeping were terrible. They'll have to kiss my butt with a great offer before I return.	
Oct 8 2009 	Exquisite! Would definetly go back.	The hotel staff was extremely accomodating. Had a room in the Spa tower overlooking the fountains - amazing! Great central location.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very Classy and Beautiful	We stayed at the Bellagio for 4 nights in September....what a beautiful hotel it is. Getting to the hotel from Car Rental pick-up was simple and the parking garage is huge so you always find a spot and its free!!! Check in was a breeze, no lines granted we checked in after midnight on a Friday...Receptionist was very pleasant....she give us a room on the 11th floor with the most amazing view of the strip, Paris was right in front of us and the Bellagio water show...what a view!!!! Everything about our room at the Bellagio was great. The food at the Bellagio Buffett was excellent....but the wait and line to get seated is very very long...I guess because its that good and the price is great for all you can eat. Saw two shows while in Vegas...Zumanity at NYNY Hotel is a must see with your partner...great show. Also saw Legends in Concert...that too was great!! Everthing about our trip was great...from the flight, to the car rental, the hotel our independent trips to Hoover Dam and the Grand Canyon. For the trip to Grand Canyon you will need a whole day and night, we left the Bellagio around 8:30am and got back to the hotel around 11pm.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fabulous Hotel	We went to Vegas for a wedding and managed to get a great pkg deal from SW. The pkg included airfare, room, transfer to and from airport, a couple of excursions and a show (we didn't use excursions or shows due to other commitments). We had the Standard Rm at the Bellagio and it was great. The front desk tried to upsell another room w/a view at check in, but we waited until we saw the room.No need for an upgrade, it was great. The bathroom was 12X12 and a great big glass-enclosed shower. A view of the fountains and Vegas. Staff were great, bed was more than comfortable, turned down at night, hotel beautiful. If I actually had money, I'd stay there at full price.	
Oct 8 2009 	Food is fantastic gambling is all about luck I guess rooms are superb with cruise ship style attention to your room.	After staying at Ceasar's Palace last year, I wanted to see if this could top it. As far as luxury, value, and fun place to be. The Bellagio blew Ceasar's Palace away in every facet except one, no topless pool. My room was fantastic, but not as modernized as CP, I think I actually had a tube TV. Bathroom was luxurious in an Italian way. The view was great, right over the pool. The food was the best in Vegas, even at the Buffet.. Socialization was difficult, we did meet some nice couples at the pool but as a single person I also like to meet women as well. I met a young lady playing craps that wanted to see my room but I did not take her up on her offer. Also if you would like good drinks while you play even the nickel machines have great service, better than paying 12 to 14 at the bar. There are many rich men with entourages of young women handling out thousands of dollars to lose. I guess if you prefer a more social atmosphere Mirage does it for me.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great Great Great	Got great deal for Bellagio. It was luxury. The Buffet serves great food of all discriptions and very reasonable. Went for snooze 1afernoon and when we came home that evening the bed had been changed . Casino spotless staff very helpful big or small roller treated with the same courtesy. Loved it	
Oct 7 2009 	Surprise 30th Wonderful at Bellagio!!!	I took my husband to Las Vegas for his surprise 30th birthday. I booked a room at Bellagio and am sooo glad I did. The other option for us would have been Venetian but I'm SO glad we did not stay there. The smell in the Venetian is enough to make me sick, which is sad that it's such a beautiful place but the smell is HORRIBLE! Checking in at Bellagio was a breeze. We were upgraded from our deluxe (non lake view) room for $25 a night more we got a Salon Suite on the 22nd floor lake view. It was amazing and for that price we could not pass it up. That was only $25 on top of the riduculously great rates I got through bellagio.com. Overall, we were very happy! I think the lady checking us in gave us a great deal as far as the upgrade price goes b/c we told her it was my husbands birthday. I can't imagine it's really only $25 more a night to have a huge suite with a wonderful view. We will definitely stay there again!	
Oct 6 2009 	Never Again!!!	NEVER AGAIN!!! Nor will I recommend this hotel to a client.From the moment we checked in, it went downhill from there. The service upon check in was horrible. We dragged, rolled and carried our luggage miles from the parking structure to the lobby to be treated as though we were part of a cattle call. We barely had our luggage in the door of the room, door wasn't even shut and there was a housekeeper asking if we had towels, I wouldn't know haven't been in the bathroom yet.. I guess I should have dropped my bags to check as later I found we had no washcloth's or hand towels, ooops. Our bathroom door squeeked so loud I bet the entire wing could hear it, in the middle of the night our sink pipes started bubbling and creaking,. Had to close the drain, close the bathroom door and put in ear plugs to be able to sleep, not only that, two lights in the bathroom were burned out, I just don't understand the lack of service in what was once a beautiful hotel. Beware! The in room internet fees are $14.99 for a 24 hour period. There is no quick place to grab a light breakfast. I wanted to use the gym only to find there is a daily $25 fee, unless I wanted to book an overpriced spa treatment then the gym fee is waived.We were booked into the hotel for 3 nights. I was then made aware that MGM/Mirage was considering selling either Bellagio or Mirage due to financial issues and Steve Wynn was interested in buying Bellagio back. Please MGM/MIrage, sell it back NOW! Bellagio would then be a great hotel once again! Staying onenight at the hotel was one night to many so, we checked out and made our way back to the hotel where we stayed the previous night, life was then good for the remaining 2 nights. See my review on the Embassy Suites Convention Center.	
Oct 6 2009 	wonderful as usual but still no coffee.....	this was our 2nd stay at bellagio and both times the fountain veiw room...believe me...it's the only way to go...great food/play/stay and shows for sure with one exception...it seems quite small in the big picture but why no coffee in the rooms...room service or the 30 min walk paying $10 for 2 coffees is a bit much...we're not world travelers but have stayed at quite a few luxury hotels and they all have coffee in the rooms...i realize the scope of the investment with 1000's of rooms but a free hot coffee in the morning with a coffee maker vs looking at the outragiously expensive snack/drinks vending machine that seldom gets used would make the patron feel much more welcomed...our plan has been to visit vegas every 3 years...this is our 3rd venture and no doubt will make the bellagio our home away from home again....	
Oct 6 2009 	Great buffet nice view	Enough has been said - Just a single advice if you have lakeview: Make sure to tune the music on your television during the fountain show ;-)	
Oct 6 2009 	What a 5 star hotel should be but fell down on a couple of details	Big room but I felt I paid for it and didn't get what I expected.We got a deal on a basic room which was an excellent rate. When we arrived I asked how much an upgrade would be. I was told it would be $40 per night - I took it. Now the whole time we were talking the receptionist was watching my partners wallet like a hawk - I think, and I could be wrong, but the expectation is that you tip your way up the floors. So the &quot;upgrade&quot; we got was not much to speak of - a rear view of the I-15 - wowie (not)!!!In addition I was not told that the $40 upgrade was on top of paying a top up of the deal rate - I'm still annoyed about that little stinger.The room itself (ignoring the not so good view) was beautiful, large, clean, plush - everything you'd expect of a 5 star. The huge bathroom with the whirl pool was lovely and the toiletries plentiful.One thing we really needed as we are booking ahead as we travel was wifi. Now we have had great wifi in the most basic of motels but the Bellagio - don't rely on it. It's the only place we have had to pay $14.99 per day and the connection was terrible. It took the network support guys 7 hours to provide an ethernet cable, and I was charged twice for the pleasure of not using it. They did remove the charges when I explained that we had not been able to use it. This shows that the service is tops but it did annoy a little that the front desk hadn't sorted before our check out.Frankly, you have high expectations for a hotel of this caliber but delivery can fail due to the physical size of the place. I also recommend using the self park - it is very easy.	
Oct 5 2009 	AWSOME HOTEL !	We went there after our wedding on July. The hotel is so beautiful with great service! The location is also great too, it has Planet Hollywood on the opposite side and close bus stops around. Their service is really good, room is clean and beautiful. The water show that performs very hour is incredible. The garden that locates in the lobby is beautiful too. From Bellagio to Las Vegas Premium Outlet only take us 15 mins with taxi, and only cost us $16 bucks. We have try other hotel's buffet, yet, Bellagio's buffet is the number 1, it a must have buffet!!!!!!!! I will definitely stay at this hotel again next time I visit.	
Oct 5 2009 	A little disappointing	My wife and I stayed at the Bellagio in a Lakeview suite for 5 nights on our honeymoon. We had high hopes for the Bellagio and - whilst parts of the hotel, particularly the bars and restaurants are first class - we were a little disappointed in general.Our room was very spacious and nicely decorated, with excellent views of the lake and the Strip, though even on the 17th floor with thick glazing we could still hear quite a bit of road noise. The main problems with the room included: the bathroom sink drains which smelled unpleasant - we took to leaving water in the sink with the plug in to block it out; the jacuzzi bath seemed to develop a green scum after use - even when no bath salts or bubble bath had been added; the mini-bar fridge door had a tendency to fall off - we didn't use it THAT much.The check-in staff were great, the concierge was extremely helpful but the security personnel were fairly sullen - insisting on checking our room card before permitting access to the elevators (why not have elevators which only permit room-key holders to select the floor?). Some of the dealers were great, and some were pretty grumpy - but generally the casino had very little atmosphere.We had dinner at Michael Mina and it was the best meal we had on our entire trip - and it must rank amongst the best meals we've ever had. The service, presentation and attention to detail were first-rate. If you are treating yourself it comes highly recommended. Petrossian, a seafood restaurant-bar just off reception had an excellent menu and drinks selection, with a piano player every night. On our first night we had room service and even here the attention to detail and presentation were pretty good.We tried the famous breakfast buffet and thought it pretty over-hyped. A reasonable selection of foods, and some strange inclusions, but nothing we hadn't had before for less money.Overall it's by no means a bad hotel, but it failed to really impress us as a sophisticated, classy establishment. If we go back to Vegas I think we'll gamble at Planet Hollywood, stay at the Wynn but still eat at Michael Mina.	
Oct 4 2009 	Vegas Get Away	Got a great rate for mid-week at the Bellagio Hotel. Have stayed just about everywhere but the &quot;B&quot; for business. While I'd rate it a 5 star in all respects, they are missing one. The Venetian Hotel has much better rooms for the price... so we were a little disappointed in the room selection... ah well, you can't have everything.Pool service was wonderful, the Buffet is astounding, &quot;O&quot; always wonderful. A quickie get-away that was great.	
Oct 4 2009 	wow	I loved it, the room was huge and very plush, the views where amazing, the hotel was just great. I would definatly stay there again. The show was brillant, and the hotel was right in the middle of the strip.	
Oct 4 2009 	lakeview rooms well worth the money	i have just returned from getting married in the Bellagio (seperate review) whilst there we upgraded to a lakeview room which was absolutely amazing the views were fantastic and the room itself spacious clean and very comfortable the staff cannot do enough for you and housekeeping was done at least twice a day i would highly reccommend this hotel to anyone looking for a bit of luxury whilst in vegas	
Oct 3 2009 	Beautiful hotel... Absolutely amazing! Highly recommend!	I don't even know what to write as this hotel is simply the BEST. It is beautiful inside out... Fountains of Bellagio are the best thing to see, especially in the evening, the show is spectacular! Rooms are very spacious and very well appointed.Pool area at the time (end of august, hotel was running at 98% of capacity) did not seem crowded to me at all, there are quite a few pools and jacuzzis, but the water in the pool seemed to be very cold (even though it was 110F outside), so I am not sure why...Regardless, this hotel is simply amazing, with really great selection of shops/bars/restaurants and great casino and we will definitely return!(Would have provided more pictures if TripAdvisor allowed it)	
Oct 2 2009 	Overpriced	I hadn't been to Vegas since the mid-seventies, so I was amazed at how the Strip has changed. I will definitely go back to Vegas soon, but I won't be staying at the Bellagio.The Bellagio has some good points and some bad.The good: (1) Our lakefront room with a view of the fountains(2) Room service.(3) Cirque du Soleil's &quot;O,&quot; currently playing at the Bellagio. Be sure to see it! (And also, go over to the Mirage and see their production of &quot;The Beatles Love.&quot; Fantastic.(4) The pool(s) (although on a hot August day, it can get very crowded. So grab a lounge early.The bad: (1) The place is TOO BIG (it took me 10 minutes just to get from the front desk to our room). If you have mobility issues (as I do), the Bellagio is not for you.(2) $14 charge to the room for 24 hours' use of Internet.(3) Rooms can be very expensive - or not. One night, I paid $180 for the room; three nights later, the room was $429.(4) Many parts of the hotel are &quot;plastic&quot; and tacky - especially the conservatory.(5) The front desk and administration --(a) After our third night was up, I decided to stay longer; I was assured I could have the same room. The next two days, housekeeping tried to get in and called the room, indicating that their logs showed me as being checked out. When I tried to clear this up with the front desk, the person I spoke with was surprised to hear that I was in the same room, because her records showed me as having checked into a different room. I had also asked to have all incidental charges from the first three days transferred from my boyfriend's debit car to my credit card, and I was assured this was done. Not. Let me put it this way: at the front desk, the right hand doesn't know what the left hand is doing.(b) Depending on the day and the time of day, the line to check in or out can be extremely long.(c) I'm aware the hotels ask for your credit card upon check-in (I've always assument that was so that they can make note of your account number IN CASE OF additional charges). At the Bellagio, they take your credit card upon check-in, and they put a hold of ~$160 daily on your card (lousy surprise if you've given them a debit card).	
Oct 2 2009 	What a View from this classy central Hotel	We stayed in room 27022 which is a central high lake and strip view , and what a view it was , it was the icing on the cake on this top hotel, the pool area was good abeit the sunbeds are so close to each other , we went to the Buffet one night and we waited 1 hour , as a guest i was not happy as a large proporation of the queue was people visiting the hotel, i went to a member of staff to ask if the hotel guests had a fast pass but i was told no,, met a family from Vietnam now staying in Colorado in the queue in front of us and they said they heard that the Bellagio was the number 1 buffet in the Usa , they said so when in Rome ,,,rome !!! they were not wrong it was well worth the wait ,,food was fantastic, the price also included soft drinks and refills and coffee,, The Casino albeit I am not a gambler must have been the most proffesional in Vegas ,, so classy ,,, Over all the Vegas Trip from Scotland was well worth the long haul fight ,, would go back and would want the same room ..hope you enjoy it ....	
Oct 2 2009 	Beautiful Hotel in a fantastic location on The Strip	We stayed at The Bellagio this year having stayed at The Mandalay Bay last year and it is nice to have a different experience each time you visit Las Vegas. The Bellagio location on The Strip is great - you can easily walk to as far as TI or MGM with PH and Paris right opposite and the Miracle Mile shops. The hotel is beautiful with the glass ceiling lobby and we checked in straight away, we did not have to wait at all. No room upgrade offered so no fountain view but a nice view of the mountains and one of the pools below. Our room was clean and the King bed very comfy. The bathroom is all opulant marble which even had some electronic weighing scales which I thought was a nice touch. The shower was not very powerful though.Maid service is twice a day replacing any towels that you may have used and leaving some chocolates at night for you along with mellow jazz on the TV!We sampled meals from both the Cafe Bellagio and Pool Cafe during the daytime and was served swiftly and efficiently with perfectly cooked and served food of a good portion too. Food and drinks however are on the pricey side. There are several bars in the casino but they are all quite formal - it could do with a more casual bar to drink in. The gambling tables do get quite full with several tables left closed for some reason? If you do try out some of the restaurants in the Casino or The Fontana Bar they have great views of the fountains which is also a nice touch. There are several swimming pools and lots of sun loungers which can get busy but we always managed to find a good spot at whatever time of day with plenty of clean towels always available. The pool cocktails were delicious. We thoroughly enjoyed are stay here and would not hesitate to stay again. Enjoy........................	
Oct 2 2009 	Great Looks But Too Big To Be Top Class !	We had a 1 night stay here with a fountain view room. The room was clean and well presented with a walk in shower and bath but it wasn't breath taking. It was the view made it extra special though !This Hotel is huge so expect a few que in places ie. check in, dinning etc.For me it didn't have that 5 star intimate feel due to the scale of the place...but you don't go to Vegas for intimacy right...Like all Vegas Hotels it is the novelty factor that attracts people to the Hotel and the Bellagio has its fountain.FREE parking was a bonus.	
Oct 2 2009 	Brilliant Hotel	We stayed at the Bellagio for two nights during our trip to Vegas this September. We had a fountain view king room on 15 th floor. We had amazing views of the fountains and paris hotel (Eifel Tower). The room was everything we had hoped it would be. Luxurious, clean, spacious and special.The Bellagio as a hotel is also really good - The pools were great, the buffet amazing (we ate breakfast and dinner there, its as good as everyone says!) and the rest of the hotel just brilliant and classy.We also saw O which was amazing but booked in advance - Would definatley advise to do this as its sold out most nights.Not the cheapest option for staying in Vegas (especially food and drink). With the other hotels such as Excalibur still really good at a lot less I`m not sure we would stay again but glad we`ve experienced it.	
Oct 1 2009 	Class all the way	We have been to Las Vegas many times, but this was the first time we stayed at the Bellagio. The last couple of times in Vegas we stayed at the Mandalay Bay, which is another beautiful hotel. I would say that the Bellagio's slight advantage over the MB is the location--the Bellagio is located right in the middle of the Strip, making it convenient to walk to other hotels, which offers up a lot of other dining and entertainment options.What we loved about the Bellagio----Beautiful, just beautiful. Everywhere. Lobby, Conservatory, casino, restaurants.--The rooms. Well decorated and appointed. Comfortable bed, nice sheets. Great shower and deep bathtub. The only thing missing was some bubble bath (hint to Bellagio). We had a Deluxe Lakeside room. We were on the 18th floor, in the center, right over the lake. We could see the beautiful fountains every night, and listen to the accompanying music on one of the TV channels.--Location, location, locationWe arrived on a Friday, but noticed that the hotel actually became more crowded starting late Sunday. Lines at the Reception check in weren't bad when we arrived, but other times it seemed busier when we walked through the lobby. As mentioned by other posts here, I think check in times will vary--it's just the luck of the draw. Lines at the Concierge Desk were rather long, but if you plan well before you leave home, you probably won't need the Concierge. A wonderful hotel--we will return. And hopefully we can get the same room!	
Oct 1 2009 	A stunning hotel right where you need it!	This hotel is stunning and full of luxury! We only stayed for one night (last night of a seven night break) and it was well worth the move. We were greeted quickly and by friendly staff at reception, who went out of their way to allow us to check in early. Everyone we met who worked there was friendly and helpful.The hotel itself is amazing and incredibly elegant. The casino is quite big and there are 'high end' designer shops attached which are great for if you have a big win!The rooms are large with very impressive bathrooms. Views do vary - we had three rooms in our party - we had one overlooking the fountains, one overlooking the stunning pools / gardens and one overlooking the top of the reception (actually nicer than it sounds!). We were offered an upgrade at check in for USD300 (a two room pent house suite) which we declined. As the rooms were so nice anyway, we were pleased with the decision.The pool area is amazing - many pools to choose from and they do not get too busy.	
Oct 1 2009 	What beautiful fountains	Is this not the most famous hotel in Las Vegas?This was the second time I stayed here, a truly unforgettable experience. I travelled with my parents, I knew it was their one and only chance to go to LV so I thought it important to go to a casino that they would always see on TV.From the moment we entered everyone was in awe of the beautiful coloured blown glass flowers on the ceiling of the reception area. The Bellagio is constantly rammed due to the foot traffic, it is a must see place for anyone that visits. As a result you walk around constantly trying now to walk into people. Reception is marble and the staff there are used to catering to high end clientele, the nice thing is that it is still not snobbish. There is little room to negotiate beyond the room you have booked due to the demand. Leave your wishes for an upgrade at the entrance.The best place to stay is at the front with a fountain room, then you get to see the fountains in the nights. My parents spent one of the evenings just inside with the tv tuned to the fountain channel listening to the beautiful music and watching the dancing fountains from the room window, it was a very special experience for them.When you come down to reception from the room it is very smokey due to the number of people, if it bothers you then you should consider a hotel like the Mandalay Bay.Another of the great things in the hotel is 'O' by Cirque du Soleil. What a show - I think I have seen it 4 times, they have a $70m theatre built just for the show, it makes it so much easier to walk down from your room to the performace. Not having to queue up for taxis after the performance is also a blessing. Saying this, I don't think you have any other advantage in getting show tickets by staying at the Bellagio. The shows are sold out way in advance so you need to plan your trip. Most of the tickets they have available are limited view so not very useful.One other thing about the O tickets are the blocks. You can be guaranteed that the main head on seats are block booked for comping their many gamblers. Normal people like you and I can't access the nice seats. I had to get Amex to sort me out with their reserved rows to get anything half decent.The Bellagio has a beautiful pool area which is great for breakfast, it is elegant with little hedge type plants and walkways, very civilised. The age group is older 40's and up so be aware that the energy level around the pools is catered to relaxation rather than fun.The location of the Bellagio is perfect, you can go for a stroll window shopping in the Bellagio arcade which connects to Caesars Palace and there is PH opposite so you can go and look at the mile long shopping arcade.If you are staying at the Bellagio you may have considered Caesars which is of a similar price. Caesars is pretty classy but it is old-school classy it has been around for ages but in my opinion is a little run down in appearance. The newer Wynn etc, are also great but too busy, they have gone to the effort of making use of every square foot and it shows. I doubt there will ever be another casino on the strip which has such a large area devoted to a gimmick [the fountains] but what an amazing gimmick it is. If your budget allows then stay here, remember this is the one you will always see on TV it's a nice thing to be able to tell people around you that you have been there and to have pleasant memories of your trip. Enjoy!	
Oct 1 2009 	Queues (lines) everywhere	Very nice clean room with a view of the fountains. No complaints on that front. Good pool also, but gues what... very crowded.However there were queues everywhere. For breakfast, for lunch and for dinner. We are talking circa 30 minutes here, so no small wait. Basically the hotel has too many rooms and not enough catering capacity. If you stay here make sure you don't pay for breakfast as it ties you to the hotel. Much better to go next door to Caesars which while still busy has beter facilities.The casino is good, but too few bars to get a drink in peak times.You have to pay for the Internet in your romm some $16 per day.I wouldn't stay here again. I have stayed at other hotels on the strip and prefer them as they are less crowded.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great Location very clean and nice atmosphere	We stayed at the Bellagio over August Bank Holiday weekend as we were getting married. When we arrived at the hotel we thought it looked very clean, well presented and the lobby has a nice atmosphere it, i.e. bright, spacious, etc. We checked in almost immediately, which I was surprised by as there are alot of reviews which say there are long queues to check in. I think it really depends on the time of day and the day of the week.The rooms was lovely and celan and overlooked the dancing fountains. We really could not complain really. There is a really good bar in the hotel called the 'Fontana Bar' which has good live music and again overlooks the fountains. The only thing we found wrong was that they keep you queing outside and when you get in it is virtually empty (I think this may be in a bid to make it look exclusive). Also, the waitress service was very poor and the waitresses were on the rude side on more than one occaision. We did not find that to be the case anywhere else though.On Saturday nights the gambling tables are so busy that it is hard to get on them unless you are a big spender, every other night seems to be ok though.I would stay here again because I think the hotel is one of the prettiest on the strip and the location is great. I think next time I would probably venture out a bit more as I think there are probably more lively, cheaper and more friendly places to go for a drink and see some nightlife than if you stay in the hotel itslef.	
Sep 30 2009 	Best on the Strip by far! - check out my photos!	This is the second time I've been to Vegas, the first to the Bellagio, but I wouldn't stay anywhere else in the future. I went with family for my brother's 21st birthday and it was fantastic - there was 8 of us in total!The rooms are clean and spacious, there were four young adults in one room and it was fine. One down side to the room is you can't use the fridge to put your own drinks etc in, if you move anything in the fridge you get charged for it due to the sensors (you can obviously tell them you didn't actually use it). The bathroom is clean, with both a bath and a shower (tip, you can use the bath as a fridge, simply fill it up with ice and chill your drinks!). The cleaning ladies were lovely, despite being four young adults they didn't treat us any differently (usually we get treated as though we're going to cause trouble). The staff as you can probably imagine aren't the most friendly, but to be honest it's kind of expected with a 'posh' hotel. I don't agree staff should be any less friendly but I see no reason to reduce the overall rating for this reason alone.The pools are freezing, but incredibly refreshing. Again it is all very clean. The bars are great, the nightclub, Bank, is awesome - definitely would recommend it. The casino was the most appealing casino we visited, the rest seem dingy. The hotel itself is beautiful, and the parrots are really cute!We ate at the Buffet once, which was good, however I would recommend elsewhere as the food here is a slightly overpriced for what you get. Also, we were rushed even though we were one of the last to enter... they start clearing things away pretty quickly after the last entry, which wasn't ideal. The location is perfect, right in the middle of the Strip. What more could you ask for?!We also went to see the Cirque de Soliel show on our last night, which was fantastic. I'd love to go and see a similar show in Vegas again.	
Sep 29 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Bellagio 5 nights, for a trip that was a combination of business and leisure. We stayed in a standard King room. The bedroom was roomy, decorated very nice. The marble bathroom was extremely nice. We had good service while there,the hotel staff is friendly, and helpful. We had no trouble with check-in, but did have a wait about 10 minutes to check out. They do have a shuttle service to the Airport, but we did not know that in time to use it. You are supposed to book the shuttle at least 24 hours in advance. I attended a convention that was at the Bellagio, and the facilities there were as nice as the rest of the hotel. We ate several times at the Buffet, and would recommend it. We had drinks at the Yellowtail Restaurant and Bar, and that was relaxing. We also booked two shows, KA and Love, through the Concierge, and were able to get good seats and a good price for the show. Wonderful hotel and casino. We will definitely come back.	
Sep 29 2009 	wow	This is the nicest, plushest hotel, from the moment you walk into the incredible lobby, to the gorgeous room. We had a suite which was great because we had our 2 teens with us and it is a real suite. Some of the hotels in Vegas call large rooms suites, but they don't have 2 seperate rooms. The bathrooms are amazing, one even has a steam shower. The bed is so comfortable. The other room had a pull out sofa and they brought up a nice rollaway for our 2nd child. The buffet is to die for, and since we were in a suite, we didn't have to wait in line	
Sep 29 2009 	Sheets were a surprise	Check in was a breeze, the room was very clean and had nice decor. We loved everything about the room and the hotel, but when we got ready for bed, at 11:00 PM we had a surprise. The sheets had holes in them and were streaked with long lines of black grease. I know housekeeping must have seen this when they made the bed. We called the desk and they sent a nice lady to clean our room and change the sheets. It took her several sets of sheets to find a set without black grease. I was so shocked, imagine a hotel of this class with holes and black grease streaked sheets. Other then this our stay was wonderful. I am not sure I would stay here again, especially for what we payed for the room.	
Sep 29 2009 	Never Again	My husband and I thought the beautiful Bellagio would be the perfect place to spend our first wedding anniversay - boy were we wrong! This negative memory is still so strong that 3 years after our trip and I am taking the opportunity to write this review. After waiting forever to check in standing in a smoke filled lobby, we were told that the fountain facing room we were promised was not available. The room we were placed in was nice enough, but not when a stranger opened the door and turned the lights on sometime in the morning. Thank goodness I had secured the lock so the intruder could not gain full access. When I told the front desk of this event they thought nothing of it. We had arranged for a spa day which also was a disappointing experience. Our massage therapists did not really listen to what we wanted and I ended up feeling like someone had just put lotion on me with no massage involved, and my husband ended up feeling like he had a deep tissue massage, which is not exactly relaxing. We finished up our spa day in separate hot tubs and I was not happy to see cracked and missing grout. With such a high end spa and hotel I would have never expected this. My husband has been involved in sports his whole life, his father was a football coach, he was a football coach and his son is a football coach. My husband's comments when he emerged from the spa shower was that he never dried off which such a rough towel. For someone who has seen a lot of locker rooms, that said enough.Although we did have some great food at the hotel, it was very, very expensive. There also didn't ever seem to be any quiet place at all where we could simply enjoy each other's company and relax enough to celebrate a year of marriage.A terrible experience and a terrible way to remember our first anniversary. I wish we would have stayed home.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great hotel with a few suggestions	Checked in 9/21 in the afternoon had no lines but lobby was busy. Had reserved a partial lakeview because we wanted to try the Spa tower. Was given a very nice room on 26th floor had a good lake view could see most of the fountain show. Nice beds and the room was always kept clean by out maid.. Here where the suggestions came in and I did tell the front desk.. Our room was hot we lowered the A/C to lowest possible temp we had plans to meet someone later so we left room thinking A/C would cool room..well it never did.. Called front desk and they sent someone about 1 hr later and he came in and basically said the room A/C is in a very bad spot on the wall and we might get cooler next day..Well that never happened either. I think for a hotel with such luxury they could have positioned A/C in a better spot. Other than the A/C issue I think the hotel is wonderful..	
Sep 29 2009 	Great place	does it matter what I say?? tripadvisor is a joke, only posts what they want travelers to believe, no realism at all, so don't base your trips on what they allow to be printed, no realism to it at all	
Sep 29 2009 	Brilliant location amazing Sunday brunch	We stayed here as part of our honeymoon. When we checked in, we were not given a room overlooking the fountains at the front of the hotel as we had requested when we booked the room. This was a little disappointing, especially as we were on honeymoon, but we were offered a fountain-view room the next day. Our room was spacious and overlooking the pool area at the rear of the hotel. There was plenty of space for all of our belongings, and the décor was fairly tasteful. The bathroom was roomy and clean, the bed was comfortable, and there was a good-sized television.As you’re in Vegas, you don’t spend a huge amount of time in your room, but what you do get at the Bellagio is great facilities. The pool are is very big, and there is a wide choice of bars and restaurants, as well as the huge casino and shopping mall. We only ate in the hotel once, and that was for Sunday brunch, which I would highly recommend. There is champagne brunch on the Saturday and the Sunday, where your glass is constantly refilled (at no extra charge) and the food is fabulous. There is every kind of cuisine that you can think of and it is of a very high standard, especially the carved meats. We also had drinks in Caramel, which had a young crowd and you could only have a table if you were buying a bottle of champagne or a bottle of spirits. There is no priority for hotel guests.We did a walk of the strip and called in at all of the other hotels, and to be honest, the only ones that are going to give you a classy, romantic experience are the Bellagio and the Wynn. The Bellagio has a great location at the centre of all the action on the strip, and we’ll be checking back in here again on our next visit.	
Sep 29 2009 	My fourth stay and I still enjoy it each and every time	I love this hotel. From the lobby with the huge Chihuly in the ceiling, the fountains - I cannot get enough of this hotel. The staff is accomodating, the maids are clean, clean, clean fanatics and my only complaint is the smoke in the casino...but that is everywhere in LV. They must keep good records as they seem to know my preferences when return. Do yourself a favor - and enjoy a stay here. Word of warning...if the winds are high...they do not have the fountains on.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great week-end getaway	Just came back from a 3 day stay at the Bellagio. It was my 4th or 5th stay. Check-in went very smoothly, there was no line and there were sufficient desk staff to assist. Staff throughout the weekend were very helpful and customer service oriented. My favorite part of the stay ... turn down service with smooth jazz on the t.v awaiting my return at night. The champagne buffet was nice; selections during the early morning were fairly standard. Gaming was good, it was a slow weekend in LV which meant there was no fighting for space at the tables nor at the slots. Check-out at 4:30 a.m. had a tiny line, with one person. After the 10th person got in line, another individual came to assist.I've read a lot about the rooms recently and have to agree. I reserved and stayed in a Bellagio Queen room. It was clean with the usual amenities, but the carpet was showing wear. The size was that of many Westin hotels. The decor was dark, which made theh room appear smaller and feel as if one had to have the lights on at all times. The room was located on the north odd numbered room side of the corridor. It overlooked parking and the Augustus Tower side of Caesars. The room was also a bit warm as some other reviews mentioned. This is probably due to the unfortunate placement of the desk right in front of the air vent. The air con. has no place to go but under the desk. If you sit at the desk or the chairs that are right in front of the window, you'd be cold in a heartbeat. All in all a very nice weekend for relaxing at a still very nice hotel and casino.	
Sep 28 2009 	Viva Las Vegas	My wife and I stayed here for one night as we paid a flying visit to Las Vegas. The hotel is everything you’d expect from Las Vegas, with an extravagant lobby, expensive shopping and lavish restaurants. We took the opportunity to have a walk through the casino and dine at the ‘Prime’ steakhouse in the complex. The food was excellent but expensive so it really was a treat more than anything else. We couldn’t stay for breakfast in the morning so can’t really comment on the quality of it but the fact that we were given a voucher to get to the front of the queue when we checked in would seem to indicate it’s very busy. We did try to grab a coffee from the coffee shop but it was queued outside the door so we decided not to bother.On check in we were offered an upgrade from the standard room we had booked to one of the famous suites for $150 (as compared to the $750 it should have cost) so we decided to take it since we were only staying for one night. When we got to the room it was very lavish, with a living area, dining room, bedroom, bar, bathroom and a second wc. It was very well finished, clean and had all the usual creature comforts. However it didn’t have the view of the fountains that we had requested for our original room so we ended up asking to be moved back to what we had booked.The room we got was still excellent. It had a modern finish with a king size bed which was very comfortable and a large bathroom, again clean. The TV had plenty of channels including one that played the music being used for the fountains, of which we had an excellent view along with a good section of the strip. They really were the highlight of the stay as they are spectacular both during the day and at night.The only criticism I have was that the shape of the safe in the room was a bit strange so some larger items wouldn’t really fit into it......all in all a minor detail. It’s also worth noting that when the check in staff warn you that the mini bar is very sensitive and that you shouldn’t lift anything unless you intend to eat or drink it they’re not joking. We (accidentally) lifted a packet of cashew nuts that cost $12.99. Fortunately we didn’t have to pay for them when we checked out.I would definitely recommend a stay in the Bellagio but get the view of the fountains otherwise you could be staying in any hotel in the world.	
Sep 28 2009 	A ROOM WITH A VIEW	My wife and i stayed here in august for 5 nights after staying at the MGM for 2 nights prior.Check-in was a breeze, we were up-graded to a strip/fountain view without even asking ( i know, why does that happen to everyone else !! ) we got to our room around 11.00am and it was ready, all mod cons as you would expect, i half expected the room to look dated and in need of a re-furb after some of the reviews i have read, but it was top notch. The bed was amazing, the view was better !! we have been to Vegas 11 times but we still found it hard to pull ourselves away from the window and that view !!! the bathroom was great with plenty of fresh towels. Housekeeping were awesome and if they came before we had left the room you simply contacted them and they came to clean it when it was convenient.We thought the pool area is the best we have been to with PLENTY of loungers in the sun or the shade with lots of different pools ( great pool staff also ).People have commented about waiting for lifts ( we very rarely had to wait long ) how long it takes to navigate the casino ( very quick &amp; easy ) so relax and enjoy it.To sum up, go, you won't be disappointed ( depends what you pay i guess ) and don't worry about negative reviews. We stopped at the Encore in March and could not decide which is better, different things for different reasons i suppose.Would i recommend it, hell yeah !!!!!!	
Sep 28 2009 	Fantastic hotel in every way	Me and my partner recently stayed here for a week and loved every minute of it. The staff were fantastic, really pleasant and attentive. The room was excellent and very well maintained with an exceptionally comfy bed and good sound proofing. We were lucky enough to get a lake view and watching the fountain shows from your room is a fantastic experience. We gambled quite a lot in here and it was really good, the drinks waitresses were far better at looking after you than in other hotels we gambled in. My only slight gripe was that i had brought some of my gym gear and really quite fancied going in to the gym on a few of the days (yes i know that sounds mad!) but was pretty annoyed that after paying out for the hotel for a week at quite a cost that when we got in the gym it was $25 per person per day to use their facilities. I thought this was truly unbelievable and was really disappointed, this is something they should really look at changing in the future.	
Sep 28 2009 	Magnificent - Would stay again without question!	Have always wanted to stay in a fountain view room at the Bellagio, so splurged for a 50th birthday trip to Vegas. Great deal -- stay 2 nights, get 3rd night free. Worked out to about $150 a night for a deluxe fountain view room on the 11th floor in the center of the building -- the view was absolutely perfect.Waited about 15 minutes at check in. Actual check in went very smoothly and in recognition of my birthday I was given a line pass for the Buffet and Cafe Bellagio. Actually never needed it as the lines were not too long while I was there. Turn down service was great and had chocolates and smooth jazz music playing every night we walked into the room.The property was incredible -- casino, conservatory, lobby, fountains, shopping, restaurants, pools (WOW!), and room. Yes the rooms were older and not as large and magnificent as what I've stayed in at the Venetian, but they were very elegantly done and I would not have traded the room for anything once I saw the great fountain view and Paris across the strip.Would stay at the Bellagio again in a heartbeat, but most likely would not pay the posted rate of $300+. Center strip location can't be beat.	
Sep 27 2009 	Not sure if I would return	I had been planning this trip for several months so I was very excited. For years I have stayed down town at the Golden Nugget but thought since I was coming to see Cher I would treat myself and stay at the Bellagio. I paid 309.00 plus tax for a partial view in the new tower. I thought &quot;OH BOY&quot;. My plane was on time,no line at baggage,and no line for taxi. I thought great!!! Well it changed when I went to check in. There was obnly two people ahead of me and there appeared to be some problem. After that was cleared up it was shift change so I had to wait for that to take place. The man who checked me in was very nice and after a 20.00 dollar tip I received a room on the 28th floor and a line for the buffet. The room was clean and very large for one person. Fairview for that price. Not to drag this out,I only had turn down service one night, I ask for 9:00am housekeeping since I go to breakfast at 7:00 and then off for the day,it happened one day, I wanted a card for gambling to get comps and stood at counter while all three girls stood behind the counter talking and ignored me. I finally threw my hands in the air and walked away hoping someone might see me and call down there. no such luck. back to my room, the tv in the bedroom and living room were not flat screen but if they would have worked properly I would not have cared. T he one in the living room had sound somtimes and sometimes not. The bottom line is the check inordeal. The Golden Nugget has VIP check in and it is in a private lounge where you can at least sit down while waiting. I also hated being ignored by people who are not busy ,just talking. I was thinking about trying ARIA in April,but since it is owned by the same group I'm not sure. I might try the Wynn or go back to the Nugget.	
Sep 27 2009 	Magnificent - across the board	I had high expectations for the Bellagio as I've wanted to stay there for years. All of my expectations were not only met, but exceeded. We upgraded our room to a junior suite when we arrived for an additional $50 a night. We were also lucky enough to get a room with a lake view. Everything about the room was perfect. The location was perfect, and the pool was beautiful. The only minor negative was the price of all the food in the hotel, but we knew about this going in so we just accepted it. The breakfast buffet was actually reasonably priced, and it was excellent. I'd definitely recommend hitting this up at least once if you stay at Bellagio.	
Sep 26 2009 	The Bellagio exceptional customer service but at a price....	Stayed at the Bellagio with my wife on 14th to 24th Sept 2009, to say I am fussy is an understatement but throughout my stay I couldn't fault the Bellagio. During my stay in Vegas I visited almost every hotel on the strip and the Bellagio was in my opinion, the best hotel in Vegas. Whilst visiting the Venician to watch Phantom I was disappointing to note that they let timeshare touts operate on their premises. The Beallgio would have none of that, its a better class of hotel. The staff were excellent, the pools (6 of them) were great and the Casino was fantastic. I even managed to get a free upgrade to a lake room so I could watch the amazing fountain shows from the comfort of my room.	
Sep 26 2009 	Class Hotel	I'll get the negatives out of the way first - I found it strange that you had to lug your luggage yourself throught the casino when it is a 5 Star hotel. The sound proofing as another guest has said is not the best and unfortunately there were a couple of stains on our bed linen - again not what I expected from a 5 Star having only stayed in 4 Stars before. We stayed at what used to be The Aladdin the last time and the room was bigger and the luggage was taken to our room.I'd still give it a good review because the location canot be beat. The housekeeping was impressive. I liked coming in at night to the 'Smooth Jazz' playing on the TV, Drapes adjusted, soft lighting and chocolates. The Casino is light and airy compared to most which are pretty dark and the hotel smells gorgeous on approach. We never ate at any of the restaurants but we did go to The Fontana Bar on our last night to sip cocktails and watch the fountains - it was very romantic and I would highly recommend.	
Sep 25 2009 	celebrating my daughter's 40th and my grand daughters's 18th	This is a badly run hotel !!We made several phone calls and emails to confirm adjoining rooms but it took us 45 minutes at check in and a change of rooms to obtain this. We were charged 3 extra deposits but after several phone calls got this rectified. Champagne and other extras were ordered for my daughter by her husband for her arrival... it took her sister 3 visits to &quot;stand in line&quot; at the concierge desk plus 2 phone calls to receive this special gift at 10 pm, the birthday girl had checked in at noon but one of many excuses was that &quot;room changes were not allowed&quot;There is relatively no information in the room so we tried the tour desk...she was totally ineffectivie and gave us the wrong information.Our room was not clean , evening room service is a joke.Our most positive experience was the poolside breakfast, friendly efficient staff.It's too bad you have to walk so far, through the casino to the room elevators from check in/check out..The lobby seems better than most hotels ( smell) but I would suggest the Wynn over this	
Sep 25 2009	Bellagio Staff	Don't know who wrote those reviews concerning rudeness I read before my stay at Bellagio this week. I was there four nights and have nothing but the highest praise for the kind, friendly service from all members of the staff from check in, to the restaurants, to room service, to maids, to the Spa, to everywhere.Keep smiling and maybe too you will enjoy this great hotel.	
Sep 25 2009 	Bellagio Hotel....stunning but take your ear plugs	Just returned from a ten night stay at the Bellagio Hotel in LasVegas. Stunning hotel (at a great price from Expedia!!) and having been to Vegas before and stayed at the Egyptian themed Luxor, decided to go for the Bellagio given it's location smack bang in the middle of the strip. The exterior of the hotel gives it an Italian themed look and we certainly were impressed when we stepped inside. We had a room over looking the pool area (not willing to cough up the extra 70 dollars a night just to overlook the fountains, I'm mean they are free to watch from the street area!!) but given that the pools were all lit up at night, it gave a nice romantic view out the huge picture window in our room. Excellent service by housekeeping and regular &quot;turn down&quot; service with comp chocs on the pillow. Good casino but never actually ate in the hotel itself as it was &quot;Bellagio&quot; priced aka &quot;expensive&quot;.Now for the down side, I have never ever stayed in such a noisy hotel. The main problem being that the sound proofing within the bedrooms was pants. Not only could you hear you next door neighbour cough/dry their hair/pee or in our case hear their V LOUD mexican soap opera they favoured but you could also hear every footstep to conversation that went on within the hallway. And as our hallway was an inveitable Charlie and the Chocolate factory esque never ending number, this could be rather irritating. With the casino being open 24/7 the traffic was frequent and often accompanied by drunken singing or dismay at having paid out big bucks on the slots. My second complaint is that the doors to the rooms were swing type which would naturally shut without being pulled, this resulted in EVERYONE allowing their door to slam shut.....and our room then to judder like a dodgy set type from a bad movie. My last complaint is a minor one but it well got on my wick. After one particularly hot day at the pool I retreated to our room to have a wee lie down in the air con. I put the Do Not Disturb sign on the door and attempted to get some kip. I was woken from my slumber by housekeeping on the phone asking if a wanted new towels. They had decided to phone as they saw the do not disturb sign?!?!?! The mind boggle as to it was ok to obey the sign and not knock at the door but phoning would be fine and not disturb me (I said no to the towels in a strangled voice).All in all these may sound like minor niggles but I can assure you after ten nights of constant noise, you would be feeling rattled by it to.....to the point we were trying to shout at the mexian woman through the wall to turn down her beeping tv (she turned it up!!) I'm not saying dont stay in this magnificent hotel, just take your ear plugs with you!!	
Sep 25 2009 	Bellagio	I have just returned from 5 days in the &quot;Disney for Adults&quot; town of Las Vegas. I opted to stay at the Bellagio purely because of George Clooney and Oceans Eleven!! It proved to live up to every expectation. The fountains are beautiful to watch during the day, but by night are just breathtaking. We had a member of our party in a wheelchair and she said that the disabled room was the best one she had ever stayed in. She could literally wheel her chair into the shower room and transfer herself to the shower seat. The whole of Vegas was wheelchair friendly.We managed to visit (walk through) most of the other hotels on the Strip and apart from Encore/Wynn we felt the Bellagio was the best. The thing we noticed most was that the pool was in a more &quot;private&quot; place and not immediately visible to day trippers.The drinks were pricey, but if you are at a table gambling then the drinks are free - which is the case in most hotels. The casino in the Bellagio, Wynn and Encore felt less oppressive than, say, Caesars. We worked out it was because of the height of the ceilings and the lighting.We had dinner at the Stratosphere Restaurant - 109 floors above Vegas - an absolute must. We had a 7.15pm slot and the views are truly amazing and because it is revolving you get a 360 degree view.The men in our group were brave enough to the the X-Scream ride .. NOT for the faint hearted or like me scared of heights!The food is expensive but good and you cannot buy a view like it in Vegas. Tip: We had forgotten about the American size portions and ordered too many side dishes - 1 between 2 is more than enough.One hotel NOT to stay at or even visit is Circus CIrus. Very old, very run down and very tacky. It is at the far end of the Strip near the Stratosphere and not worth the trek from the main Strip.We flew with Virgin Airways as they were, at the time of booking, the only airline to fly direct. I understand that BA now fly direct too. Virgin were excellent.	
Sep 24 2009 	Absolutely fantastic hotel	Great hotel! Nice big rooms, clean and large pools (just not very deep so no diving), oversized but decent meal restaurants (what else is new in the US?) and fantastic architecture. If only a stay at the casino were profitable, than this would truly be a place to return...	
Sep 24 2009 	Amazing and love it!!	We visited Las Vegas for 3 nights and checked in the Bellagio, we were supposed to get a standard double room, but once they knew we were on honeymoon, updated us to the City Suite Room, I have never in my life seen anything as beautiful and I will remember this room forever, it made a great trip, fantastic. Staff great, we won some money on the black jack (pure fluke) and it was so hot outside and loads of shops. Everything is so close by and the fountains are amazing.Loved it, Loved it!!! Definately, stay again, you must stay here!	
Sep 23 2009 	Best Hotel Stay Ever	We loved The Bellagio-It was so magical, effortless, clean and enjoyable. The room was very luxurious and comfortable-We slept so well each night of our 3 night stay. The bathroom was truly amazing. I am a tough Customer and was just taken by this place. This hotel was very relaxing and lacked the chaos of most of the Vegas hotels-There was an air of quiet elegance. The pools were amazing and there was never a problem finding a chaise lounge. Service was over the top throughout the resort. We felt like We were in Europe and there was beauty and elegance at every turn. The only issues We had (and this place is so nice that they were easily forgiven) were that The Guy at the front desk who checked us in wasnt really very nice or welcoming but I gave Him a $20 tip and We got a King Bed, non smoking room on the 27th floor with a beautiful clear view of the desert and mountain.Also One of the chairs in the room had a stain and the faucet handles leaked a little. The bed sloped a little on one side but it was still one of the best beds we had ever slept on. Back to the good stuff-I loved the twice a day maid service and chocolates left at turn down. The level of service is very high here and The Concierge, Bellman, Pool Staff, Housekeeping and Restaurant Staff were really excellent. I thought Karin at Guest Services and Bruce at Check Out were really special. We have stayed at The Wynn,Caesars and MGM Grand and none of these can compare to Bellagio-It is a gem of a Hotel. There is no absolutely perfect hotel but this was by far the best place I have ever stayed and I have stayed at some of the worlds best. We are already talking about booking Our next trip to The Bellagio. We loved it!!!!	
Sep 23 2009 	Magic.	2nd time @ the Bellagio. Great service,great place.Booked a Lake view room superb!Check in a breeze as was check-out.Fail to understand the negative reviews about long lines etc.Still up there with the best in Vegas..... Looking forward to our next trip.	
Sep 23 2009 	Excellent delicious ice-cream and dinner	Just one word: WOW. Despite the other overthemed, noisy, overdone hotels on the strip, the Bellagio still has the cosy Italian charme – one of the few hotels you enjoy wandering around and not having to queue when checking-in! The front-desk and the conceriege staff is very helpful and witty, the waiters can sound rude sometimes though. The hotel is chic and luxury, yet not vain. We took a partial-lake view room in the 21st floor in the new buildling, and the few was excellent. The room itself, after one week camping in the national parks, was like heaven to us. Only drawback: We got a room with a connecting door and so were able to hear the filthy conversations of our neighboors. We used the swimming pool only for a few minutes as the water wasn’t chilly and more like a puddle for things you don’t want to have on your skin. Tip: *Although it requires you up to 45 minutes mind-numbingly queueing: Use the Bellagio dinner/breakfast/lunch buffet, amazing! As somebody on YouTube put it: Either this is heaven or something we haven’t yet understood.	
Sep 23 2009 	Serenity on the strip	Loved the Bellagio, not just because they upgraded us to the Penthouse Room with more bathrooms than guests! Particularly loved the views over the dancing Fountains with soundtrack on the TV. It was great to lie in the bath and watch another television.The pool area was really lovely - made you forget you were in the middle of Las Vegas and felt more like a nice resort somewhere in Italy. Shame you needed to walk through the public areas to get there.The buffet was great with tremendous choice and obviously very popular. The gaming tables were not so 'in your face' as in other hotels in Vegas and the shops were pleasant and did not evoke the feeling of being ripped off that was apparent in other hotels. Could have happily stayed there longer without going outside.All in all, if you have to be in Vegas, this is the place to stay.	
Sep 23 2009 	BellagioWhat are you waiting for	On Labour Day,Sept 7th,my wife and i stayed for 1 night at the fabulous BELLAGIO.I booked this as a treat for our 30th wedding anniversary and what a good decision that turned out to be.I had sought advice through trip advisor prior to booking and then used that advice and booked the Penthouse Suite.1st time in Vegas and on arrival at the Bellagio,we began check in.We were told that we should have been checking in at the VIP Executive Lounge not the front desk.We never bothered with that and checked in,to be given our keys to the 29th floor suite overlooking the lake with the best view in the house for the fountains down below,whilst listening to the music playing on the tv at the same time.Superb.The suite was incredible,over 1000 sq feet in area,with its own wet bar,his and hers bathrooms,complete with tv,s,jaquzzi bath in one,and a sauna/steam cabin shower in the other.The bed was turned down and slippers laid out for my wife,along with a small box of chocolates left for her on the bedside table.Nice touch.The most incredible nights sleep on the biggest mattress youve ever seen,after full use of the bar facilities.We had already had the dinner buffet downstairs beforehand and finished our stay with the legendry.breakfast buffet.Dont miss it.I cant reccommend this,as a one off treat,for a special occasion,it was worth every penny,and will offer any other advice,if anyone needs it.MARY AND NEIL DUFFY.	
Sep 22 2009 	Ok but beware of extra costs.	We spent four nights at the Bellagio. We splurged on a 1 bedroom penthouse suite. We booked the suite because the cost was suprisingly low compared to places like Four Seasons in Maui where a comparable suite would cost you $1200 a night. The cost averaged about $450/night before taxes or other charges. Theyy tack on $40-$60 for tax per night and then $20 for &quot;refereshment center&quot; even if you don't eat anything from their little snack tray. And then it's $17.50 for using the internet. So the cost came out a lot higher than I expected. But for the price you do get a few amenities. You get to check-in at the VIP check-in which means you don't have to stand in line--and the lines at the front desk for regular check-in was long. They picked us up at the airport and also took us back in a limo. They also give you passes to cut in line at the Buffett and the taxi cab line. Very nice amenities to have since the Buffett line was always long. And you get to use the VIP concierge with its very courteous staff.We got a penthouse with the view of the back of the hotel. Not very impressive views. Be sure to ask for a suite with the front of the hotel to look at the fountains. The suite had three bathrooms and the toilet closets all smelled like a dirty sewer or a dirty rag. We noticed the housekeeping staff only rinsed out the glasses instead of washing them. Otherwise the suites were very nice.The buffetts were a bit overpriced. The rates were higher on the weekends. The food was good but not great restaurant quality. The shrimp was plump but lacking in taste; same with the crab. The sushi was surprisingly bad. The brownies were hard and about the quality you get in a cafeteria. We had dinner at the Yellow Tail restaurant at the Bellagio one night and that was excellent but we paid $250 for a dinner for two people without any wine or sake.It was a fun experience for us since we've never stayed in a high priced suite before. The perks definitely make you wonder perhaps it's worth shelling out $2000 for a four night stay rather than going cheaper. But then you also have to consider you could use the money you saved on buying other things. We'll probably go for cheaper rooms next time.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great Views - but 'ordinary' room	We stayed two nights at the Bellagio - 8/31 &amp; 9/1, 2009. Hotel is beautiful, personnel are great. The room itself was very clean - but, we did expect more opulence. We were upgraded to a fountain view room (using the $20 sandwich technique I read about on the Las Vegas forum :0)Everywhere you go in this hotel requires a trip through the casino :0). The pool is so far away from anywhere that it wasn't worth the trip - that was a disappointment. We ate at Prime and were terribly disappointed. We always share meals wherever we go - have had plentiful portions at fine restaurants in Willaimsburg, VA, Maui, Kona, Chicago, etc. But, here, the portions were laughable. We spent over $125 for a minuscule salad (approximately 2 bites each) and a portion of tuna steak that would require a magnifying glass to see. (approximately 4 bites each and 2 tiny pieces of asparagus on each plate). The meal included 1 glass of wine each. We really should have just said &quot;you've GOT to be kidding&quot; and left - but, sadly, we stayed. Even though we share meals - we tip generously. This waiter didn't deserve the generous tip we left - we did not receive service with a smile - We hope he was just having a bad day and that this is not typical.The next evening we ate a splendid meal for a fraction of the cost of the previous evening (also shared and served with a smile) at the Venetian. We would recommend staying and eating here to anyone planning a trip to Vegas.The Venetian Hotel DID NOT HAVE A WEIRD SMELL as one person mentioned on this site (the reason we did not stay there). I would not recommend the Bellagio simply because of our treatment at the Prime restaurant - and that is sad. But, the ambiance at the Venetian was just more our style. We have no real complaints about the Bellagio. It just didn't feel as 'warm' and 'inviting' to us as the Venetian.	
Sep 21 2009 	Excellent hotel beautiful suite free upgrade!	We decided to splurge and have a night in a salone suite whilst in Vegas. We arrived early at check in and got served immediately. On check in we were informed that we had been upgraded for free to a bellagio suite with foutain view. Couldn't fault the service. Our room was immaculate if a little dated, they are in the process of redecorating the suites as the online photo is a little more modern than ours was. We were on the 31st floor with a brilliant strip and lake view. Maid service came twice daily with a nightly turndown service. Tv's in room played fountain music. We ordered a breakfast room service which although we were told would take half an hour arrived in 10 minutes. There was no noise in the rooms, didn't see or hear any other guests on our floor. Unfortunately as we were only in the Bellagio for one night we didn't have much time to truly appreciate the suite. The pool was lovely and in short walking distance from the elevators. Fontana bar gave excellent fountain views, drink was usual vegas prices, cocktail menu was a little fancy but the one I tried was delicious. Check out was also fast and easy with only a very short wait in line.I'd highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting something a little more classy than your average hotel.	
Sep 21 2009 	Viva Las Vegas	Our stay at the Bellagio was wonderful. I would not stay anywhere else. The room, the staff, the pool and everything else was top notch.	
Sep 21 2009 	Luxury in Las Vegas	This hotel was luxury from start to finish. Location was excellent right near everything. The hotel lobby and conservatory is beautiful and our room was amazing. The hotel is HUGE it takes about 15 mins to walk from your room to the reception. We visited the other hotels and this was by far the most luxurious. The view of the fountains was the best and i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who would like luxury in Las Vegas.	
Sep 21 2009 	Very disapointed	I have stayed at the Bellagio numerous times and I can tell the service levels are going down and fast.The good: location, the hotel itself is very nice, pool area is great, lots of food options. The bad: service -- employees in the hallways dont say hello, front desk slow and rooms are looking worn out. This trip was really disappointing. After checking into the room, 1hr later a woman opens the door and come into my room, apparently they checked her into my room as well! I was glad I was there as who knows what could have happend to my belongings if I wasnt in the room.Room service: the food is good BUT on this trip the waiter decided to add a tip on his own of $140! I caught it when I reviewed my balance on the TV and they removed it.Jean Phillipe French Bakery: The worst service, employees are so slow and unorganized, got my order wrong...just annoying. And if you charge more than $100 to your room they make you wait and call the front desk to verify your credit card...I have never encountered this type of service at any other &quot;high end&quot; hotel.Bottom line: enjoy the hotel and location, thats it. Service is non-existent and employees are just disgruntled, lazy, and only after your tips. Do not except good service from this place.	
Sep 21 2009 	Next time we'll save money and go to the real Bellagio Italy.	Went here for a girls trip with one of my best friends. We wanted a luxurious, relaxing trip and were super excited for the spa. In sum - everything is very, very expensive. Knew that going in but still - I think we could have flown to Bellagio, Italy for less. No joke. Huge, heavily trafficked, over the top. In the end, we realized we're just not Vegas people.Roomed about the 10th floor, view of the fountain which was fun.Lovely lobby but you still get the cigarette smoke from the casino. We'd walk all the way around the back side of the hotel to avoid walking through. Stinky! Feels so un-luxurious! Quite a nice long walk that way. Spa: Pedicures were nothing special. I pay $12 down the street from where I live and get a better foot massage/exfoliation. Facials were nicely done, but still ridiculously priced. My friend loved her massage. Mine was awful - new massage school grad, I think. Basic Swedish massage strokes. Nothing special. Poured coconut milk and oil on me that was warm when it hit my skin but after 3 seconds turned cold. Felt like he was dragging a cold, wet washcloth across my skin. I was freezing! Covered with goosebumps! Shivering by the time it was over! Certainly not luxurious or close to worth the price. Spa facilities are lovely. Great soaking pools/sauna/steam room. Lovely meditation room. Yummy french onion soup with room service.Took a long time to check in, but faster than other Vegas hotels on the strip. Very nice concierge service where we were able to charge our phones overnight. I recommend it if you're into the Vegas scene and style and can justify the cost. But what the heck were we thinking going to Vegas for health and relaxation?!	
Sep 20 2009 	Very nice but not worth the money	This is our forth time to Las Vegas and for our anniversary decided to splurge on the Bellagio.When we arrived, the room we booked (king bed, non-smoking) was not available and we were offered a smoking room or a room with a queen bed. I was very rudely told that the room you book is not guaranteed and we could pay for an upgrade if we didn't like those options. So, I paid an additional $75 per night to upgrade to a suite. When I arrived in the suite, the TV didn't work, the safe didn't work, and one of the lights was burned out. On top of that, the suite was at the back with a view of the parking garage. Honestly, I expect more for this price.On a positive note, the housekeep, concierge and maintenance staff was excellent. The room was clean and hotel beautiful. I will not be back to this hotel. There are far better hotels in Las Vegas for this kind of money.	
Sep 20 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	We spent three nights in a Salone Suite at the Bellagio. There was no waiting to check-in or to check-out, very easy. Our suite was located on the 11th floor with windows overlooking the swimming pools on one side and partial strip and lake view on the other side. Everything about the room was perfect, very clean and updated, at least 16 amenities in the huge bathroom from toothbrush and hairspray to robes and slippers. The slippers are placed on each side next to the bed at turndown along with chocolates on the table. The snacks and items in the refrigerator were no more expensive than anywhere else in the hotel, once again do not pick them up or you will be charged. The housekeeping staff was extremely friendly and always spoke to us in the halls, front desk was a little stuffy. The pool area is a bit of a fiasco. At 8 a.m. guests rush to get towels and stake out their lounge chairs for the day and then leave. I would imagine trying to find a chair in the afternoon would be difficult. The lounge chairs have no room between them at all so one would have to crawl on to it from the foot end while two strangers may be encroaching on your space from each side, much like Southwest airlines. Planet Hollywood and the Miracle Mile of shops and restaurants is right across the street and offers something for everyone. Try the ABC Store if you have forgotten anything or if you need a snack. The Mexican Restaurant in the Palazzo is excellent as was &quot;Jersey Boys&quot;. Bellagio restaurants are somewhat expensive although nice. Don't miss the Conservatory, decor changes often and it is beautiful. It's a gorgeous hotel and I would recommend it.	
Sep 20 2009	Wonderful	My mother and my 2 sisters and I stayed at Bellagio for 4 nights in early September. We had booked a deluxe room for $98 night ( and this included a Fri and Sat night). I am on the Bellagio email list and received an email back in March with room discounts. Upon check-in we got upgraded to a lake view room. I never thought they would upgrade us since we were paying such a low rate. A very pleasant surprise. The Lake View room is deffinatelyt worth it. Whenever the fountain show started we were instantly drawn to our window. It is simply beautiful to watch. The Bellagio was clean and spacious. The staff was always polite and courteous. We did not have any bad issues. The hotel may be a little older and the rooms might be a little outdated, but erything is kept clean. We had a wonderful stay at the Bellagio and I would stay there again. Location cannot be beat.	
Sep 19 2009 	Disappointed this time	This is a beautiful hotel but sorry Bellagio, we were disappointed this time. We had been harping onto frieds to stay in the penthouse suites - fantastic views etc. but when we all arrived we were positioned at the back and not opposite the fountains as requested at time of booking. We were paying full rate for the rooms as we booked them in January as opposed to other guests who had got greatly reduced packages. When we asked to move rooms the reservation staff were generally unhelpful and reluctant. Also, the VIP reception lounge has been moved so that it is now virtually impossible to make use of the coffee and pastries which were available to VIP guests during the day - generally handy when there are no T &amp; C facilities in the rooms and room service for coffee is very expensive. On the plus side the view from the front window is beautiful, the bedrooms and bathrooms are plush and the all day buffet is really good value for money. Next time we will splurge on another hotel!	
Sep 18 2009 	AMAZING	My husband and I have stayed at the Bellagio two times now, and it just gets better every time. We are going back for the third time in October 2009. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. Our room was spacious, spotless and smelled fresh and clean. The bed was very comfortable as well. Housekeeping does an excellent job. We called for extra pillows and the service was very prompt and friendly. I also love the fact that 2 security guards are stationed at the elevators in the lobby and you have to show your key to even get on the elevators. This hotel is clean and very well maintained. Restaurants are great as well. This is just a great place. I can't wait to get back in a few weeks. By the way it's worth it to pay a little extra for a lake front delux room. The fountains are just breath taking.	
Sep 17 2009 	Was glad I got a discounted rate	I was here in September with several friends to celebrate my 30th birthday. I found the hotel to be wonderful. I was glad that I was able to get a deal on the rooms. I think everyone paid below the full rate for the room.The room was dark, but, so were the last places I stayed in Vegas, so, I'm starting to think that is just Vegas. :o) Concierge was very nice. Check in was wonderful. They tried the best that they could to move us close to the others in our group.The bed was so comfortable. The bathroom was huge, nice soaking tub, lighted magnifying mirror, large shower. The service was great. I think that they cleaned the room twice a day. Or, once a day and then came back for turn down service.The pool was great, but, the drinks there are expensive. $15 per drink. Our party stopped at a CVS and bought some liquor. We brought our own mixed drinks down and saved quite a bit of money. I don't think there was a &quot;bad&quot; place to sit at any of the pools. You have so many options throughout the different pools.We ate one night at Noodles, which was delicious. Pretty standard Asian fare, but, it was enjoyable. We also ate at Yellowtail. I highly recommend the pop rock sushi. It was quite interesting. The next time I go to Vegas, even if I don't stay at the Bellagio, I'd return just for the sushi. :o)The only negative.... the hotel is starting to get....a bit old. :o) There were chips in the paint on the doors leading out to the pool. Ditto with some of the bathrooms. Our bathroom had a leaky faucet. The TV in our room was a bit out of date. All in all, the hotel was beautiful and amazingly maintained. But...I think the hotel is 11 or 12 years old. :o) Some of the wear is starting to show. If I could get a deal again, I wold definitely return.	
Sep 17 2009 	Everything I always hoped it would be	I've been going to Vegas for years and always drooled over the Bellagio, claiming one day I would stay there. However I never actually stay in my room in that town, so I always opt for a cheap hotel rather than a luxurious resort. At long last I finally decided to stay at the Bellagio (thank you, recession specials) and I can definitely say it lived up to every expectation.We were fortunate to get a deluxe lakeview room, which is a room in the main building directly facing the fountains. This for me was what made the entire experience. Watching the fountains from the street is my single favorite thing to do in Vegas, and seeing it from your room is an AMAZING experience. My problem now is it's going to be hard to go back and NOT book the same room style here.Other than that treat, the Bellagio was a fine, fine hotel. Quality room, very comfortable beds, and housekeeping twice a day with a nightly turndown service that I've never encountered outside of a cruise ship. The pool area is exceptional and caused me to spend several hours on the property rather than exploring the Strip. It's a beautifully landscaped area with five relaxing pools. Lastly we went to the spa, which was a great experience on its own, but you can only access it if you scheduled a service there that day.The Bellagio is a fantastic hotel to call home in Vegas. Our best day was our pure &quot;Bellagio day&quot; where we ate all our meals there, went to the spa, the pool, and a performance of 'O'. For someone who wants to have a hotel with all that wonderment just downstairs, this is the place. I only gave it 4 stars for value though because, let's be honest, if you aren't planning on spending a lot of time in your hotel, as I usually would be, it's hard to justify the high price of the place compared to other hotels on the Strip. My problem now is after such a wonderful experience, it will be hard if not impossible to go back to my old ways...	
Sep 17 2009 	Best hotel on the strip	I have to say I was highly impressed with the Bellagio. I have stayed in a few other hotels on the strip including Ceasars, and I would choose Bellagio first. We were staying their for my sister-in-law's 40th birthday party. When we checked in we emphasized this fact to the desk, and they made sure to get us close to birthday girls room. We ended up one floor below them, which was fine. The rooms were fantastic. The 2 Beds and the 2 arm chairs in the room were very comfortable. We did think they could use a bit more lighting in the room, but we were happy overall. The bathroom was great, we were very impressed with the shower, and the huge tub. We did have 2 lightbulbs out when we checked in, maintence came up and fixed them within 20 minutes of our call to the front desk. Our room was nice an cold when we first walked in, which was nice coming from the heat outside. The one complaint we had was when we first arrived to our room there were dirty glasses sitting outside our door. We had to call 3 times over a 24 hour time period to have them removed. The 5 pools were great, plenty of room to lay out and enjoy the sun. The cafe by the pool was delicious. I would eat there again in a heartbeat. The conserge was very nice and helpful giving us advise on what shows we should see from the list we had come up with. She made the ticket booking part as easy as could be! The lobby is unbelievable, along with the conservatory, and the chocolate fountain behind the conservatory. I will be staying here again in the future.	
Sep 17 2009 	lovely stay	We will definitely stay here again. Very clean, comfortable, beautiful rooms. The food at all the restaurants is divine. I do wish we could have a coffee pot and our own refrigerator in the room, instead of the one that is packed full of chargeable items.	
Sep 17 2009 	Fabulous hotel but lacking the personal touch	HiCelebrated my 40th birthday here with my husband and had a fantastic time. Took a champagne helicopter trip to the Grand Canyon to mark the occasion, which was magical. My husband organised a cake and balloons for the room - best cake decorations ever! Apparently he tried to arrange this before we left as he wanted the balloons and flowers in the room for arrival but he was informed they couldn't do it until after we arrived.Everything about the hotel is wonderful from the chocolate fountains to the botanical gardens. The casino was great and you must go to the Gourmet Buffet held on a weekend - it was brilliant and such great value.The staff was always pleasant and professional, the rooms were as you would expect of any 5 Star hotel and location is excellent - although I hadn't realised it was such a long walk from one hotel to another! Get a taxi to the ones that are further away - I felt a bit guilty sometimes getting a taxi to somwhere that was only about a mile away but save your feet for the shopping!The fountains at the hotel were amazing - I was expecting them to be a bit dull but they were absolutely magical.We did visit most of the other hotels and had dinner at the Wynn, I preferred the Bellagio.The below is not a complaint - just an observation. It may seem strange to even note these as they are unimportant factors in deciding on your hotel!On arriving at the hotel, there were 4 or 5 guys in uniform outside and it struck me as really strange that no one offered help with our luggage - no problem, we could manage it ourselves but that's what happens throughout the rest of the world so I expected it.We were then a little disorientated (didn't realise the taxi had dropped us off at the casino entrance - which is at the back of the hotel) and we hadn't a clue which direction to go in (massive place) and there's no signs. So we went back outside to ask the guys.They were all really polite and pointed us to reception - again, you would think at a hotel of this calibre, someone would have escorted us to it - or walked with us for part of the way. Remember this is a massive hotel and it's not easy to get your bearings.Check-in was efficient but again, we were given a map and told how to make our own way to the room with our luggage - a grand old distance away.There were no doormen on the main door - again, I'm capable of opening a door (and anyway I have a husband to do this!) but it's absence is noticable. Should this put you off visiting? Absolutely not, but if you're used to really great service from top class hotels, you will notice too. It's more of a norm now that after such a long journey, you're greeted with a cold towel, an iced drink and someone to whisk you off to your room.	
Sep 17 2009 	Choose somewhere else	Me and my girlfriend stayed at this hotel it was utterly discusting , i recommend you choose somewhere else. The staff are so rude and ignorrant. The rooms as Un- Clean and smell awful.	
Sep 16 2009 	Not what I expected	I just returned from a four night stay at the Bellagio and I would not return. There were 11 of us here to celebrate my 30th birthday. When making reservations the rest in our group requested to be by our party. None of us were close to each other. Not even on the same floor. Two other rooms were even in different towers! As the lobby and casino are beautiful the rooms are average. Thankfully we got a great deal or I would really be upset. Our room had one chair for the four of us. The refrigerator that we requested when making reservation and when checking in didn't arrive until the following day. There were stacks of throw pillows that I assumed were suppose to go on the bed but wouldn't know because house keeping never once made up the bed with them. Just left them in the corners of the room where they had been when we checked in. One day we actually had to call house keeping because the never restocked the wash cloths, hand towels or bath towels. Also the curtains on the beds could not had been dusted in a long time.The room was very dark with only a couple overhead lights. Our air conditioning was set at the lowest possible setting and we all were still sweating. The only thing good about this room was the bathroom. It was very spacious and had a big shower with great water pressure.The pool was fabulous! There were four pools and plenty of chairs. The bartenders were great. The drinks expensive but that was to be expected.The little cafe/deli on the way to the pool was excellent. I highly recommend the pizza fresco and the caprese kabobs. YUM! Ate breakfast at Cafe Bellagio and was sat in a timely matter even with the line and it being Sunday morning. But stick with water, my orange juice was $7.50! Ordered a baked potato and chicken noodle soup through room service and had to call back after an hour and fifteen minutes to ask where it was. Noodles was so fabulous we ate there twice. But again, pretty pricey. Lunch buffet was our last meal and wish we would have ate there more. It was delicous with a wide variety. Everything from fresh sushi, leg of lamb, antipasto, and chilled shrimp to sliders and chicken noodle soup. And only $20!! I will definetly be going back to the buffet when I return to Vegas in November!	
Sep 16 2009 	Another Wonderful Stay!	My husband and I stayed here for Labor Day weekend. Check in was a breeze, lake view room was spotless. I really don't understand the other negative reviews. Everything about our stay was really great! The food at Cafe Bellagio was great as was the buffet, room service was quick and good! Pools were crowded, but it was a holiday weekend. Mai Tais at pool bar were very tasty! We saw Le Reve @ The Wynn, absolutely amazing! VIP seats made it all the more special! If you stay here I feel a Lake View room is a must as it is part of the beauty and relaxation! Fontana Bar is also a must. No cover charge and GREAT entertainers! Go and have fun, we are only here once!	
Sep 15 2009 	Be careful what you charge and check your credit card bills	Recently stayed here. Fab location, very nice hotel wonderful entrance, fountains etc. However, the room was not that clean - the curtains were dirty and the carpets could have done with a clean, it must have been incredible when it first opened, I think the rooms are a bit tired. My partner had a tray of drinks spilt over him and although they did their best to rectify the situation, it appears to be a nightmare when we came home. They compensated us for the clothing and took our small bar bill out of the amount they owed us, but for some reason the Bellagio accounts dept does not seem to want to accept this and keeps charging us for our drinks bill that we have already paid. They have been rude to us and considering how polite we were about the situation, I am amazed at how they are treating us, we are only talking about a small amount of money. We did not create a huge scene, but they have not treated us very nicely. We keep having things show up on our credit card and then recharged - three times this has happened. Check what you charge to your room and check your bills.	
Sep 15 2009 	Excellent!	We stayed here for 7 nights in December 2006 when we went to Vegas to get married and it was great! Luxurious and comfy room, all the staff were great, food was excellent! pools were lovely! Spotless everywhere we went! Particularily enjoyed having breakfast served in the room and enjoying cocktails in the jacuzzi outside! I cannot fault the place!	
Sep 15 2009	Absolutely Fabulous	My adult son and I have just returned from a five night stay at Bellagio. We had a fabulous time. Restaurants in Hotel are expensive. We ate at Cheescake Factory in Ceasars Palace next door. They have a wonderful menu at affordable prices.We would certainly go back to Bellagio for it's elegance.We also booked four nights and got an extra night free.	
Sep 15 2009 	Didn't quite live up to expectations	Our group of three has just returned from a five night stay at the Bellagio in celebration of my sister's 40th birthday. Despite contacting the hotel in advance to make them aware that it was a special occasion, no effort was made to recognise this or suggest ways in which to mark the event. Whilst the hotel is ideally located in the centre of the strip, offers a fantastic water fountain show, amazing pool area and courteous staff (some), there's little else that impressed us about the place. After two nights chilling in LA, our arrival at the Bellagio could only be compared to a combination of a major rail station during the holiday season and a shopping mall during sale time! I expected busy, but not hordes of people constantly traipsing through the common areas. As a previous reviewer mentioned, you CAN hear people passing outside of your room if they speak in more than a whisper. The triple room we'd booked turned out to be a glorified twin. (I thought king size beds were standard in luxury US hotels NOT double!) and the best reception could do when we checked-in was offer a king and a roll-away bedded room as an alternative. (Apparently it wasn't clear that the three names booked into the room meant three people would be staying in it!) As a previous reviewer mentioned the shower was slow to drain away (not good in a room occupied by three people and your the last one to use the shower), although, the maid service was prompt in providing additional towels and a robe for the room and constantly replenished toiletries. The rooms themselves although spacious, were quite dark and not helped by the dark furnishings or small, pool view window. I was shocked to discover that use of the gym facilities came at an additional cost of $25 a visit. Apparently, this is because it's not just a gym, but a 'spa experience'. (I only wanted to do 20 minutes on the treadmill or cross trainer!). Overall, a nice enough hotel but rather disappointingly not at all what I was expecting for all the pomp and circumstance that I'd been lead to believe about the Bellagio. Having visited some of the other hotels on the strip, if I was to make a return visit, I would be more inclined to book a stay at the more contemporary Wynn or Encore.	
Sep 14 2009 	Not that great!	Upon arrival it seems the hotel is very nice. Nice staging, rooms are nice, but not great. Our shower did not drain at all.... but we did not call and complain as we did not want to wait around for someone to come up and fix it.. Also, four lights were out in our room making the room somewhat dark. If we had paid full price for this room, I would have been very disappointed. Something else to let you know. We checked out of our room through a very nice lady who strolls the lobby. She stated they would email the bill. We were ok with this since the only charge was our room and one drink. Not a big deal... Right?? Well after getting my bill through email, I was astonished to see other charges on the account. Things such as chocolate trays, poker chips, drinks, etc. Then I noticed they started crediting our account for some of these items. In all charges for 11 items, NONE of which we had purchased. Then they credited us for all but three items. So I then proceeded to call and I was informed if we moved any item in the fridge or the snack trays in the room, there is a sensor on both of these, and it automatically charges you for what you move... UNBELIEVABLE!! So, yes, please watch what you touch in your room...... And Yes, they did give me the other credits for the three items... I don't think we would stay there again.	
Sep 14 2009 	Wedding at the Bellagio	Bellagio Las VegasWe had our wedding planned for well over a year in the UK church , wedding reception, cars , flowers, photographer etc..... so from my point of view ( bloke ) i just had to turn up and say i do !!! for reasons which i can’t put on here plans changed.My other girlfriend at the time now wife changed it so i went into oh my god mode and took the dog out for a walk when she sprung it on my as i walked through the door from work.Anyway we had picked the Bellagio for our honeymoon, so My wife had looked into getting married there, considering it was such a nightmare over here in the UK calling and changing and planning it was absolute haven dealing via email and only had to make two calls to the states, the lady was so good she kept us up to date with all that we needed to do.We arrived on the Wednesday 8th July 2009 and the morning after the hotel put a limousine on to take us to the marriage licence office next o the court, stayed there which was only for 20 minutes and took us to another hotel where friends and family was staying.The reception when we first walked in was like being at Manchester international airport check in desks but a lot faster, my wife had been to Vegas 3 times before but it was my first time, to be honest i said when she first told me that she wanted Vegas as the honeymoon i was not that keen but after being there i really did not want to leave.Right getting onto the hotel, breathtaking, amazing, stylish, 5 star!!!!! It is like no other place the rooms where as big as small apartments; the bath was as deep as hell, shower pure fun.Staff fast and very polite there was nothing that we asked they could not get, whatever time day or night the hotel and town never sleeps, the fountains are the best thing in Vegas, the play there show every 15 minutes, beautiful at night.We had our wedding meal at a place in the Bellagio called Olives that was the best ever and the service was second to none, the wedding chapel was so nice i just expected it to feel like a room in the hotel, they even played it live on the hotel website so family and friends in the UK could watch as they did and loved it, the photographer was the best and the photo’s have come out very good, he knew his stuff and we have the fountains going off with bright blue sky behind.Anyone wanting to get married there feel free to get in touch and i will get the better half to explain all the girlie stuff to you.The only thing i would say is don’t go in July, i love the sun but we hit a heat wave and it was 130 one day. We are going back next October on our own this time.	
Sep 14 2009 	Fabulous stay at the Bellagio and LOVED the fountains!	We had an amazing stay at the Bellagio and would definitely recommend it! The lobby is just amazing and the smell of flowers as you enter is absolutely gorgeous.The room we had was large with a fabulous view of the Strip and, more importantly, the wonderful fountains of Bellagio. Finding the tv channel which plays the music of the fountains was brilliant as it meant you could watch them from the comfort of your room whilst getting ready for your evening!We didn't eat at any of the restaurants in the hotel but I would recommend the piano bar at the front of the casino which we found lovely and relaxing despite all the madness going on around you.The only negative would be how long it takes to get from the front of the hotel to your room - but I guess this would be the same for most hotels in Vegas given how huge they all are! Also slightly disappointed that the bath wasn't a jacuzzi!I would definitely recommend this fabulous hotel!	
Sep 13 2009 	Awesome stay in a penthouse suite	We stayed for one night and then moved on to the Wynn for the following 3 nights. We had to ask where the executive check in area was (its the double doors to the left of the main entrance - there is no sign to let you know its there) but when we found it check in was very quick. We arrived at 11am so we had to wait an hour before our room was ready, but we recieved line passes for the cafe and buffet, so we made use of that.We stayed in a penthouse suite on the 39th floor. The room was amazing - his and hers bathrooms (his had a steam shower, hers with a whirlpool bath) a lounge area, dining area and bar. The bedroom had dual views and a TV which raised out of a cabinet at the end of the bed. The curtains were also electronically controlled. The amount of toiletries in the room was ridiculous (in a good way) - everything you could think of was provided. I have no complaints about the room whatsoever (well OK I can think of one - no coffee making facilities even in the suites???!!! Also no complimentary water provided)The pool area at the Bellagio is really nice and relaxing - it didnt have the loud music blasting out which the Wynn pools had. We also got tickets to O which I would highly recommend. The show was amazing and the music was awesome. We ate at Fix restuarant before the show which I thought was really disappointing. I have had better quality food at great upscale restaurants for half the price that we paid there.The next morning, we went to the buffet and again the line passes came in handy. The buffet was excellent value at 14.95 per person and they had a large selection of breakfast food.The casino area itself was gorgeous, very understated and classic. I would stay here again. The location of the bellagio was great - mid strip. However, we found that we stayed around the North end of the strip for most of the time and therefore I thought the Venetian actually had the best location on the strip.	
Sep 13 2009 	Nice Hotel But Not Very Personal	This is a terrific hotel. Great room. Lots of fun. And right in the heart of Vegas. Staff were ok but the hotel is so big everyone seemed impersonal. Poker was fun.	
Sep 12 2009 	Most Elegant hotel in Vegas	Absolutely fantastic. Best hotel in VegasWe had a 2 bedrooms penthouse suite facing the fountains. What a room - What a view.From the moment we arrived at the airport and the hotel limo was there pick us up untilthe moment we left the hotel, after 4 days, we had no complains at all (and we are not easy customers at all). We were a family of 4, my husband and I, my sister with her 20 years old daughter). We were all very pleased. The hotel staff is fantastic. The casino very nice and big with a lot of choices.The pools, the restaurants and bars also unique.The hotel spa and the salon very elegant.But for us the best thing of all was the view of the dancing waters from 31st floor.We could not take our eyes from the waters. You must see it to believe that there is such a beauty.Everything was amazing. We will definitely come back.Many thanks to Sarah Brautingam from the hotel reservations department.She was very helpful when I tried to book this lake view suite us the hotel was fullbut finally she managed to find for us this beautiful room.Thank you again Sarah andTHANK YOU BELLAGIO.	
Sep 12 2009 	Beautiful one stop destination.	From the time we got to the airport, cab to the hotel, we didn't leave the hotel for 3 days until our departure. The hotel has a very understated beauty. Its beautiful and luxurious, but not pretentious. There's plenty of space to wander around and hang out. And you can't beat the water show.We had the standard deluxe room for $280. The room itself was actually very plain compared to the hotel itself. It was still great, very clean, ultra lush, great soaking tub in the bathroom, overall a very luxurious but simple room. Compared to the Venetian, I think you pay more for the hotel itself at Bellagio and at Venetian you pay more for the room.*****MUST try Sensi restaurant. Its a combination of Asian, American, and Italian cuisines in a very modern setting. The service is immaculate, our server waited by us and explained everything about the food, showed us how to eat properly, and heightened our dining experience. We had lobster roll and oysters as appetizers and they were very fresh. My pasta was cooked to perfection and not too buttery.*****&quot;O&quot; is a great show. For anyone who hasn't seen any Cirque shows, I highly recommend this show. Its got great music, great stunts, and overall a great story. Its very romantic but also very interesting with a great flow so it never loses its momentum. I recommend paying a bit more for better seats, it will make a difference since this is on your traditional stage type of theatre.	
Sep 11 2009 	Best place to stay in Las Vegas	My wife and I were on holiday from UK.We chose a room overlooking the Bellagio Fountains and watched many displays, with accompanying music on the in-house TV.The room was fine, the breakfast buffet sumptious, the shops elegant, the foyer marvellous, and the location on the Strip just right.	
Sep 10 2009 	Why Gamble on your LV stay?	August 30-Sept. 3, 2009My wife and I stayed four nights here. Arriving very late in the day just before midnight, I inquired and graciously received a room upgrade. When one walks down the corridor on a high floor and the upgraded room happens to be at the very end, then that means a large suite. So already we felt like we won the jackpot. The spotless room in the renovated tower was huge and luxe.After 4 days in LV, the best feature of staying at the Bellagio, in my opinion, is the proximity of the parking to the hotel. As I recall, the other hotels force you to walk through a half-mile of casino before arriving at the elevators to the hotel. Not so at the Bellagio. Once I park (of course, parking as close as possible to the elevator) the uncrowded entry way to the hotel elevator is about 70 yards away. There must be about 10 high-speed elevators.The hotel is well-situated on the Strip. There is a wide assortment of restaurants and shops. We patronized several of them and felt that they offered good value.Besides the usual chocolates and pulldown service, the bathroom has many amenities, such as separate shower and jacuzzi tub, double vanities, and lighted close-up mirror. There is a safe, flat-screen TV, and the most comfortable bed. The showerhead had sufficient pressure.I would certainly return to the Bellagio although the 3-for2 night's promo was very persuasive.	
Sep 10 2009 	Perfect	Just perfect! The central loacation on the strip makes it just about the best place to stay in Vegas. Classy and elegant inside.I could live in the corridors, they are so nice and the restaurants were excellent. Good snacks at the Palio and we had a great meal at Jasmine with a window table looking out at the fountains.We had a full view of the fountains, and across to the Paris hotel from our window, so we were constantly hopping up and down to see the water shows.As it was just before Christmas the whole decor added to the seasonal feel, and it snowed for the first time in 25 years!! Won money too, which paid the hotel bill so this was one of our best ever stays.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great hotel disorderly services	We stayed at Bellagio during the last week of Aug. '09 for some R &amp; R. Lets start with what we really liked:We had the Bellagio Suite. I highly recommend it. It was on a high floor, nice views, but not the strip. We got a room in the back of the hotel, which was OK. The ammenities in the room were wonderful. You can't beat the location too! While there we were able to see&quot;O&quot; which was outstanding. We also had a chance to visit the spa for a massage. The facilities were nice and clean. The massage was good. I'll leave it at that. I've had better.Now for the things we didn't like:The check-in and the check-out experience was terrible. Let me explain. When I booked the room on line it said that there was a special area to go to for guests who booked suites. We never found that room, so we checked in at the front desk. There was a mob of guests scattered all over the lobby. Most were waiting to either check in or out, but there were no lines, no banker ropes to tell anyone where to stand and who was next. When we told the front desk person about this issue she completely agreed and then turned to her manager who also agreed and said they have tried to relay this message to upper management without any success. Upper management needs to be put through the ridiculous check in and out experience. I would hope that after experiencing the caos in a hotel of this caliber they would reconsider making the check in/out a bit more orderly. Otherwise they must have thier heads in the sand, literally! The restaurants and other eating places in the Bellagio had the same issue.The staff at the restaurants had the same complaint about management. We even got yelled at by another customer at the cashier cage when trying to cash in a ticket, who actually cut in front of us and believed that they were next. There were no ropes setup to indicate where to stand.Once we finally got to our room, some areas of the carpet were wet. After it dried we knew that the cleaning staff probably tried to clean it because it was stained. Again, I would have expected in a hotel of this distinction they would have replaced the carpet if the stain could not be removed. Just sloppy.In addition if you decide to visit the Bellagio buffet, think twice and go somewhere else. The food was bland and tasteless, not what you would expect at Bellagio. In addition the cashier was anything but nice, more like miserable and not even a thank you. Again for $30/person its not worth it. Very disappointing experience.Overall the experience was frustraing to deal with the lack of order at this hotel, which is not what you would expect of a hotel in this category. There are plenty of other hotels on the strip, but not sure they are any better, since most are run by MGM. My advice is to check Trip Advisor carefully before selecting a hotel on the strip. The room was a good deal, but not the services.	
Sep 9 2009 	Fantastic room and view.	We stayed at the Bellagio in March 2009 and had a king deluxe room. We were plesantly suprise when we looked out the window to see that we were facing the fountains. The room was big with a huge marble bathroom.There is a button next to the bed to open and close the drapes. There is also a turn down service so you always have clean towels and a made up bed (plus chocolates on your pillow).This is the perfect hotel for a romantic getaway.Make sure to get some sweets from Jean-Philippe's Patisserie at the Bellagio.	
Sep 9 2009 	exceptional - the only choice for a stay on the strip	absolutely faultless, from the checkin staff, to the bars, restaurants, casino, rooms, room service, fittings, cleanliness, facilities, checkout....treat yourself to a meal at Olives on the terrace at night overlooking the fountains, it dont get much better!!!nothing more to say...the only real classy choice for a stay on the strip...If I had a young family, I would be more inclined to stay at one of the more Disney type themed hotels...but for adults, its the only choice.	
Sep 8 2009 	Classy 	I recommend this hotel 100%. Although the Venetian is my personal favorite, I LOVE the Bellagio. It is classy, timeless, clean, and a 5 star resort.	
Sep 8 2009 	Why stay anywhere else in Vegas?	Upon arrival at the Bellagio we parked at the very conveniently located car park and dragged our bags up to reception. Sadly 3.00 is a very popular check in time and we were kept waiting to check in for 20 minutes or so. When we eventually got to the counter the clerk apologised profusely and immediately upgraded us to a fabulous fountain view room on the 24th floor - what service! From the very start the service at the Bellagio was perfect - from the room porters to the girls bringing you drinks at the tables, to the restaurant staff. The room itself was flawless - luxurious to a tee, and the hotel is more of a resort than mere hotel - there's so much going on. If you go you simply cannot miss &quot;O&quot; - one of the most expensive shows I've ever been to but absolutely worth it.	
Sep 6 2009 	Phenomenal Stay	My husband and I spent 8/30 to 9/2. This was my first time to Vegas and my husbands 3rd time. The Bellagio was a first for both of us. We read this website religously for 2 months before we got there. Of course one could be hesitant when there are a few bad reviews mixed in. But having the experience ourselves, I am glad we proceeded with our plans. The Bellagio is beyond words. We got the penthouse suite with fountain view, 34th floor. We had executive lounge check in with little wait time. the bell man was very professional and expained the amenities of the room. Security was very reassuring. Yes, when you wanted to turn in early the fountains and street noise were a little distracting, but not if you turned in late. The room was wonderful, clean and we did not want to leave. We were very spoiled. The lap pool was very nice and we spent a small amount of time there. Very courteous bar staff come around ask if you would like a drink. We ate at Sensi one night and my husband had the crispy shrimp. He said that was the Best shrimp he had ever eaten. Joseph, our waiter was the most professional and knowledgable of his work. My huband took me to Prime for my birthday on the 2nd. Fantastic!! We walked thru all of the strip casinos and were amazed at the architecture. The Bellagio casino was a blast. Loved the penny slots:) My husband has a special touch with those:) We will most definitly stay at the Bellagio the next visit.	
Sep 6 2009 	Gotta love the Bellagio!!	Arrived on Tuesday Sept. 1st. at 9:00am. Walked right up to the counter and was helped by Stephanie who upgraded us to a fountain view at no extra charge even though our rooms were free to begin with because of an offer that we recieved in the mail!  After scouring the reviews here I was prepared to pay the extra $50. a night for an upgrade and not to have a room available until the afternoon. Nope, not the case! We were in our room within ten minutes!Every staff person we came in contact with was very pleasant. The rooms were kept clean and the cleaning staff greeted us with smiles and wished us a great day. I'm not sure about the people that leave the negative reviews about the staff. If these people arrive at the Bellagio and walk around with their noses in the air and over the top expectations and demands they get what they deserve. Give a smile and respect get a smile and respect. Simple.Checking out on Friday morning of Sept. 4th. walked right up to the counter and checked out without hitch.Oh and an extra tip for people who need coffee in their room. I take a small travel coffee maker that makes one cup of coffee at a time! It's a small plastic auto-drip, and light weight. Dont forget to bring your ground coffee and creamer. Very hard to find hotels on the strip that have coffee makers in the rooms anymore.	
Sep 6 2009 	Service prior to arrival -Incredible !!!!!	I wanted to make sure I completed this initial review on the service I received prior to even arriving at the Bellagio on September 7th. I spoke to Lisa when calling in for directions and parking location and then talked to Tim concerning information I needed on the Slot Tournament I was to play in on Tuesday and Wednesday. These 2 employees could not have been more helpful, nor more charming to talk to. Who ever does the hiring, must also get my 'thumbs up' for hiring such pleasant, knowledgeable people. This experience prior to even arriving at the Hotel makes this trip something I am really excited about. Thank you so much and I look forward to my stay!Kathy Laughlin, Nv.	
Sep 5 2009 	Perfect Anniversary Stay	Stayed in a Bellagio Penthouse Suite, room 29068, from 8/30/09 to 9/4/09. This was a corner suite at the far end of the west wing. The Penthouse Suites are beautiful! Our room faced the south (pool complex, City Center) and the west (mountains, Palms, Rio). We did not ask for an upgrade, and in retrospect, are glad we didn’t get the fountain view. Our room was absolutely silent the whole time we were there, and it was a peaceful getaway from the hustle and bustle of the strip. The mountain view is very romantic when you are sitting in your tub at night.The suite includes a large living room with couch, chairs and 42” LCD HD television. There is a nice dining room, a bar and a bathroom in the main living area. The bar includes a refrigerator that is stocked with overpriced stuff, but it also has another refrigerator that you can put your stuff in. It even includes an icemaker so you don’t have to go down the hall for ice.The bedroom was fabulous. The highlight is the bed - it is SO comfortable! My wife and I agreed that this was the best bed we have ever slept on. It had a cabinet at the foot of the bed that held another HD TV. Push a button and the TV rises out of the cabinet, then goes back down when you turn it off – very cool! Curtains are powered as well.The “men’s” bathroom had a toilet, an LCD TV on the counter, plenty of closet space, lots of towels and a wonderful steam shower. The “women’s” bathroom had another LCD TV, a small bathroom with toilet and bidet, same closet and towels. The highlight was a large Jacuzzi tub with a floor to ceiling window that faced the west. Absolutely gorgeous.Some people complain that the rooms at Bellagio are tired and dated. In my experience, I totally disagree with this. Our room was clean and updated. We couldn’t have asked for more.The staff was courteous and professional. Everyone we met was friendly and helpful. If you meet a staff member in the hall they step aside and let you pass, along with a nice greeting. We felt like royalty!The suite includes a limo from and to the airport and the Executive Suite Lounge. This gives you an exclusive check-in area, as well as drinks and snacks throughout the day. You also get a line pass for the buffet and Café Bellagio.We appreciated the security. You have to show your room key to get to the elevators. They have separate elevators for the suite floors, and they require a room key to activate the elevator. Don’t forget to ask about the “secret” elevators that take you to the suites. They are behind unmarked doors and are very exclusive!This hotel is very busy. It has lots of tourist attractions, so be prepared for a lot of people. But we knew this going in and it didn’t bother us too much. The pool area was busy, but we always found two chairs together near the pool, either in the sun or in the shade.The casino is wonderful. It is the most comfortable gambling area we’ve ever experienced. We played slots and video poker. No huge wins, but plenty of good action. We did better here than anywhere else we played. Drink service was very spotty. Sometimes we never saw a waitress, and other times service was slow. We had a couples massage at the spa. First massage for both of us, we thought they were excellent. Facilities are amazing – whirlpools, sauna, steam room, relaxation room. Definitely recommend the spa.All in all, I highly recommend the Bellagio hotel.	
Sep 5 2009 	Great Hotel	We decided at a last minute to check out of another hotel on the strip and move to the Bellagio (The other one was awful)Got a great rate - despite being the holiday weekend)As you would expect the reception was busy but had to wait no longer than 5 mins to check in . Arrived at 10.00am and was allowed to check in and get a room straight away in the Spa tower.The staff and service here is impcableRoom was well furnished - cleanThe only downside i thought in the room was the lack of tea/coffee facilitiesOn check-out you have to collect bill from receiption which is a bit time consumingWouldn;t hesitate on a re-vsiti	
Sep 5 2009 	Nice but could be better	We booked a fountain view room for 3 days on a recent vacation, we had stayed at another Vegas hotel off the strip and wanted something more romantic and near the action. The fact that the parking is the same for guests than for attendants to the casino can be a little annoying, it gets difficult to find a near by parking and, if you are traveling with suitcases you might have to walk several kilometers to get to the front desk, where, disappointingly, you will find a BIG line of people trying to check in. This I really find unacceptable, I am not a picky person, but waiting 45 minutes on line to do a check appears ridiculous to me, honestly if we did not have a prepaid reservation, I would’ve probably walked away to another place. As every other strip hotel the place is huge and very luxurious, also very impersonal and full on wannabes, gamblers, drunk people, merely dressed ladies and curios tourists lol The rooms are nice, bedding was not impressive in terms of comfort and the TV had like 20 channels only. Bathroom and tub were great. And the views to the fountain the best inversion ever. Just beautiful! Only warning is, if you go to bed early, avoid these rooms cause fountain is VERY noisy and it works until midnight. The Buffet, although is still the best in town, has unbearable lines, up to an hour just to get sited. The place is good but it aint THAT good ya know? It also annoyed me that they have no preference for hotels guests there, they should have a different live in my opinion, just as with parking, but they don’t.Overall the place is nice but I would not stay here again, I rather go to the Paris or the Wynn in the strip or to the Hyatt place or Planet Hollywood off the strip.	
Sep 4 2009 	Very Clean Kept up Rooms - Professional Staff	Stayed four nights. Two rooms above 20 th floor. Was a little disappointed that the requested side by side was not met. but the next day, the staff did accomodate that request- logistics. The fountains from the higher floors are very entertaining and sets this hotel apart. Business services ($1 a minute to check email ) and web connectivity ($15.00 a day laptop) seem excessive and would be an opportunity for the hotel to gain loyalty if they would accomodate in some manner. I am not a business traveler so am not sure what other hotels charge.	
Sep 3 2009 	Breath Taking Experience!!	I booked the ROMANCE PACKAGE.It came with The Cypress Suite Room which is the BEST room ever if you get it up high because you LITERALLY can watch the Fountains from your room! AND you have a great View of the hotels around you. The eiffel Tower being accross the street was a very romantic view. This package was $995 for one night and additional $500 for the remainder of our stay which was 3 additional nights. It was well worth it. It included:The Package:-Limo Ride (for up to 6) To and From the Airport-Executive VIP check In.. ( has free drinks.. free little snacks.. and free wine.. and a lounge where you can sit and wait to be help IF there's a line..) Going to Vegas.. why not get the VIP treatment.. we got free VIP passes to THE BANK..-Champagne and Chocolate Covered Strawberries brought to our room-Daily House Keeping-His/Hers Bathroom with TVs and Views in both...-The bedroom was just separated with a divider.. the TV in front of the Bed pops up when you turn it &quot;on&quot;-Electrical controlled Curtains..-Couples Massage-Choice of Picasso or Michael Mina for two..It's a really goooood package. Service: Everyone was SO NICE and SO POLITE. When we first got there, we were already receiving the star treatment.. but it was funny the bell man took us on the employee elevator.. for a Short Cut ahhaha.. i didn;t mind. Dining:Theres a thai restaurant.. and the PAD THAI was to DIE for.. it was REALLY GOOD and not that pricey. It was around 10-11 bux for a HUGE plate that me and my boyfriend shared...The Bellagio Cafe was pretty good too. We went at 4am in the morning and the employees were so nice. The burger was awesomePicasso was awesome. But I bet it would be VERY PRICEY if we didnt get it with the package.. the meal we ate would probably be around $300. The waiters were awesome and very professional and even insisted that he takes a picture of us outside in front of the fountain show...Overall it was a great stay at the Bellagio.. The room was pretty sweeeet.. CYPRESS SUITE.. we were on the 12th floor. they originally put us on the 6th.. but i didn't like it because we didnt have a full view. SO make sure to get the top floors. I only played Pai Gow at the Bellagio. The dealers were always so friendly and helpful. It was $10 dollar tables. Pretty good.. i won a lot of hands there :) DOUBLED my money which is always good. and the drinks that you order from the table were always good.LOVE THE BELLAGIO!Pool:It was hard to find a spot with shade.. but there's plenty.. there are so many pools to choose from. Location:VERY VERY CONVENIENT! everything is like walking distance.. RIGHT DOWN THE MIDDLE of EVERYTHING.	
Sep 2 2009 	Disappointing!	I spent two-nights at the Bellagio while attending a conference. Check-in was chaotic with no real line, but rather a mob of folks ready to check-in and all jumping around trying to locate the next available agent. I recognize the hotel was designed so that you have to go through the casino from check-in, but the walk from the front desk to the room was a long-way. A few comments on check out: 1) The Bellagio does not provide a receipt under your door on day of check-out, so you must go to the front desk and stand in line and 2) Double-check your bill as my bill originally contained a $25 charge for “Refreshments” from the mini-bar that I NEVER even touched during my stay. When pointed out, staff apologized and removed the charge from my bill but it does make me wonder how many times to folks get assessed this charge without questioning it. Good points of the room were: a) Bathroom was well-kept and had separate shower and spa tub and had a good amount of space on the counter; b) King size bed was comfortable c) room was spacious and d) room contained bed, sitting chair, and desk. Bad Points of the room were: a) Old Phillips TV that does not provide a crisp picture, b) very limited TV stations to select from – maybe 10 U.S. based and 10 Asian TV stations, c) carpeting was beginning to show its’ age, d) room was very dark and e) internet access is $14Hotel public areas have pungent cigarette smoke odor. I was on the 21st floor in a non-smoking room, and as soon as an elevator door opened you get a strong blast of smoke odor. As for the grounds and lobby, they are well kept. The pool area is spectacular and the fresh cut flowers through out the hotel are nicely done. Food was very pricey. Lunch for two at the Bellagio Café (chicken wrap, Cobb salad, soup, and two drinks) was $47. Good location on the strip as it is an easy walk to Caesar’s, Planet Hollywood, Paris Hotel and more. No opinion on the casino as I did not spend any time there.	
Sep 2 2009 	Good but not great	Got a great deal on a 2 bedroom suite which included airport limo pick up and return and therefore decided to stay at the Bellagio for the first time rather than the Palazzo, Venetian or Skylofts.The room was massive (4 bathrooms, guest toilet, wetbar, dining room table etc) but overall I was a little disappointed. The &quot;Executive Suite Lounge&quot; is a small room off the lobby by the front doors where VIP check in takes place. Yes it has free wi fi but compared to the concierge lounge at the Palazzo it is very poor.Also, to find empty condom packets on the bedside table when you check in shows that cleaning standards are not great.There is no private pool unlike at the Venetian or some other hotels. We had a cabana one day for $200 which was very good (included soft drinks, plate of fruit, crisps/pretzels) but some get no sun virtually all day)The Bellagio is a beautiful hotel in a great position on the Strip but if I had not got the great deal on a magnificent room I would go for the Palazzo or somewhere else	
Sep 1 2009 	Magnificent everything anyone could want and more	The bellagio was all I'd dreamed of and more. We were on the 28th floor and the views from our room were superb. The staff were friendly and helpful and a special mention to Gerald who provided us with dinner via room service and made the evening extra special. It was my husbands first visit to vegas and he fell in love with the bellagio fountains as I did on my first visit. We could easily have stood and watched them all day and night and never tired of the magic of fountains and music. I cannot wait until we return hopefully not too long to wait. Loved it, loved it, loved it !!!	
Sep 1 2009 	The Luxury Unique Hotel in the heart of bubbling Las Vegas	Perfectly located Bellagio is the luxury symbol of accomodation in Las Vegas. The strip never would look so nice if this hotel would not be there. Beautyful fountain play, classic interior design, and yeah... this soul of old fashion but modern sin city where the richest are meeting up for a plesure of trowing money away... Just the food sucks. Do not enter the famous Bellagio buffet . It is not so good as before.	
Sep 1 2009 	Only worth staying for the fountain views - Lakeview deluxe rooms	I was only impressed by the fountain views from the room, which you have to pay extra for. The location is great, which allows walkway connections to other major hotels. Buffet no big deal, too busy and over hyped. Try the Paris Hotel located across the street, much better staff with genuine smiles. Food is tastier there too.Check in is poor, no line system, they should have a ticket machine or lined rope.They have had so many comments about this, yet they don't seem to care.Us tired travellers should not be made to wait in lines which have no system of first come, first served. Not fair and can cause tension between waiting guests.I booked 2 queen beds through Expedia and paid the full rack rate, upon my arrival they had no 2 queen bed rooms and claimed that having a 2 queens bedroom was subject to availability, they suggested they can do me a huge favour, by allowing me to stay in a king bedroom for the first night and call the front desk the following morning to see if a 2 queen room comes available.I got the impression, if I had booked directly with the hotel, I would have been treated as proper guest and got upgraded instead.After many calls to the front desk, after eight hours, I managed to get myself the room I originally booked and paid full for.I also 'negotiated' a line pass for the buffet, which had the most unhappiest staff I have encountered. The Paris hotel staff located across the street, where polite and helpful and I tipped them well.Views from the room were fantastic and the only thing worth paying/staying for.The car park should have an area located for guests and it's a walk from the entrance to your room through the casino area.The room TV only has the basic 'free to air' channels. The swimming area is well run and has polite staff. The pool is 3.5 foot deep.The Business Centre was great, used it once for my online flight check-in and print my Boarding Passes, the lady there was very polite and helpful.Now I have experienced the views, there is no reason for me to stay there again, there are much better hotels around.	
Aug 31 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!!!	This was our first time to Las Vegas and we had heard so many wonderful things about the Bellagio we wanted to check it out for ourselves. It lived up to it's wonderful reputation!! The staff was super accomodating, and the rooms were big, clean,and the housekeepers came in at least twice a day to clean up, replace towels and ammenities. They also gave us an upgrade to a suite since we were staying with them for a week, nice perk! The pools were beautiful, smelled like lemon and eucalyptus all around. We rented a cabana and thought we died and went to heaven! (it was pricey but worth it to us) Plenty of towels and lounge chairs to go around even if you don't do the cabana. The hotel is located in the middle of the strip, so it's easy to get to everything. We stayed in the spa tower, quieter than main hotel and we didn't have to walk throught the casino to get to our room. Of course we watched the fountains as often as possible, just beautiful. I would highly suggest staying here as your oasis in Vegas.	
Aug 29 2009 	Nice but not the greatest	We stayed at Bellagio for three days at the end of June in a deluxe lakeview room. We were on the 14th floor with a beautiful view of the fountains. We never got tired of watching the show both in the afternoon and evening. We used the self parking strucure and had no problem getting a spot near to the entrance. Check in was a breeze as we were there mid-week. The room was nicely decorated and the bathroom was spacious. The individual closets with built in light was a nice touch. However, for the price you pay for a standard room, there are much better accomodations elsewhere. What makes this room worth the money is the view of the fountains.We requested turn down service the first night and were dismayed to find they put the throw pillows on the floor (and they stayed there for the remainder of our stay.) In addition, there were stains on the bedsheet. At least housekeeping changed the bedding the next day.We ate at the buffet for dinner one night because many people say how wonderful it is, it wasn't. There were so many people, that trying to get your food and get back to your table without getting run over was a feat. For the price we paid, the quality of the food was not what we expected. However, their in room dining service was fantastic. From the service to the quality of the food, it was perhaps the best meal we had while there.We checked out on Friday and it was a mess with so many people trying to check in for the 4th of July weekend. While standing in line, they changed our line from check-out to check-in. The girl said we could still stay where we were, but it took almost 40 minutes to check out. Overall, the Bellagio was a nice hotel, but it would not be our first (or second) choice the next time we visit Las Vegas.	
Aug 29 2009 	Worth the extra money	We spent Christmas at this hotel and it was worth the little bit extra compared to Paris, Planet Hollywood, etc. The hotel is well situated on the strip for walking to almost all of the sights. The room is probably the best I've ever experienced in terms of size, comfort and cleanliness. Be careful not to examine any of the items in or on top of the minibar because removing them, just to look at them and then put them back, electronically triggers a purchase and the cost is added to your account! We made the mistake of doing that and then wondered why our bill was charged for stuff from the minibar when we didn't consume them. A call to reception soon sorted it out and the items were removed from our account. The only thing which made me give this hotel 4 stars instead of 5 is that, although the rooms are non-smoking, the casino and reception area are not. None of the casinos in Vegas are non smoking and I expect that this will continue to be the case for the forseeable future. Nevertheless, as a non-smoker, the atmosphere within the smoking areas was quite bad. It's a good job that neither of us are avid gamblers so we were happy to stay away from those areas as much as possible. Although there's no free internet access, the business centre does allow you to use their PCs to print out boarding passes. Overall, the Bellagio is an excellent choice of hotels in Las Vegas, both for service, comfort and proximity to all the attractions. Finally, although THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE BELLAGIO, I'll mention that, on reflection, we would not take the hotel shuttle from and to the ariport again. Our incoming shuttle driver proceeded to erect a sign in the bus more or less requiring passengers to provide him with a tip. We'd rather not be coerced in this way and would prefer to make our own decision on whether or not the provided service warranted a tip. Morevover, the outbound shuttle was very late in arriving, despite being prearranged and confirmed the day before. The airport is so close to this hotel that, it's probably better just to take a cab. It's probably no more than a 5-10 min ride whereas the shuttle stops at several hotels enroute and takes much longer.	
Aug 28 2009 	Did not want to leav	I loved Vegas. I loved the Bellagio. The whole place is just like a giant adults playground. I was a little overwhelmed when I arrived, as I'd come off a 10 hour flight and was tired and hot. The lobby of the Bellagio was packed and the check in experience just didn't feel like a five star experience, given the throngs of people. Got to the room, it was lovely, if dated. Actually, given the hotels reputation I was surprised at how dated the fixtures and fittings were. But the room was very big, bathroom was huge. No robes, no slippers, a little surprising again for a five star hotel. I know that sounds so high maintenance, am just trying to give you an idea of what you'll get for your money. Concierge service was fantastic. Friendly, helpful, all you could want. I was in love with the place by the time I left. You come into Bellagio and feel cocooned from the madness outside. Had dinner in Prime one night, divine. Steak was out of this world, waiters friendly. Security is good in the hotel, you can't get past the lifts without a door key. I felt safe and cosseted in the Bellagio. Gambling is expensive there. Fab location, near to everything. I loved the fountains, not even sure why - they just captivated me, every time they danced I stood mesmerised like a kid at disney world. Our room looked over the strip and I can't tell you how excited I felt every morning to see the strip, just waiting for me to go and have fun on it! Went to a club in Mandalay bay called The Function Room (I think), it was very good, well I got home at 8.30 a.m. so that says it all! Friendly people, fun time. Also went to a place called the Fireside Lounge, well worth a late night visit for cocktails and food, it's like an old fashioned american diner, I was charmed by the place. Ate at the outside terrace bar at Planet Hollywood one night, revolting, do not waste your time or money there. It was disgusting. Went to see Barry Manilow, hilariously brilliant. Also went to see O, good but at $130 per ticket, I thought it was very expensive. I loved Vegas, I'm not 100% sure why, I just did, I felt relaxed and happy, the sun shone, everyone was having fun, the city can cope with massive numbers. Go, it's FAB!	
Aug 27 2009 	Wonderful hotel Great service Great location	Bellagio is a great spot - perfect location, great shops, great dining, the service is really nice.. A few nights earlier, I stayed at Mandalay Bay and their room service was a minimum of 1 hour.. Bellagio had my breakfast to my door in 20 minutes.. and it tasted great! .. a tip.. don't buy the cell phone charger out of the mini bar - it doesn't come with instructions, it not intuitive and it was a waste of money. The spa is really nice - I had wonderful therapist who got me back into shape after 4 days of camping in the Grand Canyon. This place is HUGE so be prepared to walk a lot. Also -not inexpensive - but they do provide a great service for the money	
Aug 26 2009 	wonderful experience	Stayed 4 nights at the Bellagio in the spa towers. From check in to check out, everything was great--did have to wait in line to check in at 10:30pm as they did not have an invited guest line but it moved quickly. Room was large and well appointed. Comfortable bed. Large, luxurious bathroom with magnifying mirror, great toilettries, soaking tub. Turn down service each night. Enjoyed the restaurants and lounges. Pool was beautiful. No complaints whatsoever.	
Aug 26 2009 	Everything you expect it to be...	We stayed at the Bellagio for the first 3 nights of our honeymoon. Not having been to Vegas before it is somewhat overwhelming! We checked in (bit of a queue) then took the major hike to our room. We booked a lake view room as that seemed to be the whole point of going to the Bellagio really!We got to our room and were really pleased. We were on the 18th floor just off centre with a great view of the strip and the fountains.We liked the room - it was spacious and clean and tidy. The bathroom was a good size too. The floor to ceiling window was great for watching the fountains and we pulled up a couple of chairs every night to sit and watch the world go by (at a hundred miles an hour!) while we sipped a glass of wine.The main hotel area was very plush. The casino felt a manageable size compared to some of the others. The pool area was huge, clean and very nice. You had to work hard to get a good chair with an umbrella if you weren't out there early but that's the same as anywhere I guess?We at the breakfast buffet twice during our stay and really enjoyed it. The waiting staff were excellent and the selection of food was also excellent. We didn't use any other restaurants/bars though, and I have to say I didn't want to - I found them a little stuffy!Shops are lovely to look at but are way above anywhere I could ever go - if you want shopping in your hotel choose Caesars Palace which has more recognisable high street names. I found other hotels also had a more laidback dining/drinks approach - we visited several of the hotels and I knew I would feel more comfortable eating and drinking at their bars as they seemed pretty chilled and not so 'exclusive'. Also - there isn't really anywhere for a quick bite. It's either a full sit down meal or a roll/pastry in a coffee shop. Caesars and other places had food halls or cheaper restaurants that wouldn't break the bank.Overall I am glad we stayed at the Bellagio but if I were to return to Vegas I would probably opt for Caesars.	
Aug 26 2009 	Crowded but nice	Stayed 1 night, following a 4 night stay @ Red Rock for a conference. We arrived shortly before noon to a zoo-like lobby, though there were several staff milling about trying to direct guests to the shortest lines, etc. On our first attempt @ checking in we were told we could either have a king room or come back in 3-4 hours for the 2 queen beds we booked. We went &amp; had lunch in the Cafe &amp; walked around the Conservatory before coming back to check on the room status around 1:30. Heidi somehow managed to find a clean ready room for us on the 22nd floor directly overlooking the lake, however, when we got to the floor, neither of the keys worked. A call to the front desk promised security would come straight up to let us in &amp; a bellman w/new keys following right behind, however, to this day, I'm still waiting for both! A housekeeper happened to wander by about 20 minutes later &amp; let us in. Considering this was a 2 bed room, it was interesting that there was only 1 set of towels in the bathroom-we had to call for more along w/a 2nd suitcase stand &amp; a set of working room keys. The room itself was of good size, as was the bathroom. However, as is the case w/the guest rooms @ Red Rock, not a bit of ventilation in the bathroom itself so it would get quite stuffy very quickly. Also like Red Rock, the lone vent for the AC in the guest room is beside the window-a ceiling fan would help circulate the air, especially towards the bathroom. Unlike Red Rock, both my cellphone &amp; laptop aircard worked fine in the guestroom! Once the water show started, we had a great view from our window &amp; enjoyed watching it off &amp; on all night. For dinner we went to the Buffet (my first 'Vegas' buffet); for the price, I thought it was quite good &amp; would definately go back.	
Aug 26 2009 	Best Hotel ever!	We booked two nights in a Salone suite but were upgraded to a Cypress suite at check-in. The Cypress suite is the most luxurious hotel room i've ever seen. Everything was perfect from the beginning to the end. The staff was friendly at all times and the view from the room was breathtaking. The casino is huge and the fountain show wonderful. Our stay was perfect, what else can I say.	
Aug 26 2009 	Rooms Not the Greatest for the $$	We stayed here Aug 17 to the 18th. When we first checked in &amp; saw our room we immediately went back to the front desk &amp; requested another room. The room was dark &amp; overlooked a concrete alley. For the kind of money they want for a room, it sure needs upgrading, in a big way. We stayed at the Wynn on Sat &amp; Sun &amp; Wynn is much nicer.Bellagio does have all the pools, which the Wynn doesn't. But the rooms are better at the Wynn	
Aug 26 2009 	Elegant hotel great location	I stayed for 2 nights in March for a work meeting. I also stayed there in 2007. The rooms are very nice and clean, and the lakefront rooms offer fantastic views of the fountain show. Pool area is beautiful, while the poker room offers a lot of action and wide array of games. I would certainly stay there again.	
Aug 25 2009 	Dated	We stayed at the Bellagio from August 5th -14th. It was a special stay for us as we were getting married. The Lady on check in was miserable, we asked for complementary upgrade, she was stern and said no!On entering the hotel it was huge and beautiful, once in the room is was old and dated. Yes you could tell it was classy but it is in need of a refurb. The room was also very dark at all times of the day. The hotel was beautiful and a lovely place to stay, though we had paid a lot of money to stay here. I am not slating the hotel in any way we really liked it though it was not worth the money we had paid for it.When we go back to Vegas we will stay somewhere else, I love the Bellagio and looking around the shop and casino area is more appealing to me than staying in one of their rooms. I am glad were stayed there though next time it will be somewhere else for us. The location is great, especially for first timers, as you are central to everything. A lovely hotel, though like I say a bit dated.	
Aug 24 2009 	Excellent location	We stayed at the Bellagio as part of our honeymoon. We arrived there on a Monday lunchtime, and check in was really quick. The girl on check in was a bit miserable - it was our honeymoon and she didn't even say congratulations! In fact she didn't talk to us at all!The rooms were a good size, maybe a little dated, but tastefully decorated on the whole. We had a lakeview room which was the highlight of our stay, and I'd recommend paying the extra for this. We booked online using a discount code that someone had posted on the Vegas forum on tripadvisor and we got a great rate of $125 per night for a lakeview delux, so keep your eyes open for deals.The bathrooms are big and the shower was powerful. There was a good vanity mirror in the bathroom.Everything in the minibar was ridiculously overpriced and on a weight sensor so be careful if you go poking around.The pools are lovely with plenty of parasols and sunbeds. We ate in the pool bar and cafe bellagio both of which were good. We had planned to eat at the buffet one morning but the queue was huge so we didn't bother. We had a drink in Caramel, but we thought it was overrated.The public areas of the hotel were all well maintained and very clean. We loved the location of the Bellagio - it was great for a first time visit. In comparison to other hotels, we much prefered the Bellagio to the ott themed hotels, but I did think that the Wynn and Encore were nicer.	
Aug 24 2009 	Beautiful hotel... but way too smoker-friendly	I visited the Bellagio, Las Vegas with friends in August in room 20019. This hotel is beautiful - the gardens and pools are lush and incredibly well kept, the spa is lovely, the rooms are spacious and the staff are very friendly. However... there is a smoking problem in the rooms and the casino making it unseemly for non-smoking guests. We also had some room disrepair that went unaddressed.The smoking issue - we booked a non-smoking room and were bumped to a smoking room without being advised. When inquiring about changing rooms, we were told the hotel was booked and we could not move. We were also told that the non-smoking rooms book quickly and people will often get bumped to smoking rooms. The room and casino smelled like smoke in big contrast to the non-smoking areas of the hotel (ie. reception, other public hallways). For non-smokers, it makes for an uncomfortable experience especially when the ONLY way to get to the shopping areas, several restaurants and the Cirque du Soleil O theater is directly through those areas. When checking out, we advised the checkout person about the smoking room problem and they suggested when checking in the next time to say that a non-smoking room is a requirement. One would think booking a non-smoking room would be enough, but be advised - it is not. The rooms - we stayed in the main hotel area (not the spa tower) - it was spacious and the decor was very pretty. Aside of the smokiness, it was in some disrepair. A lamp was broken (the lightbulb fixture had been pulled out from the lamp and just kind of hanging there; our call to the hotel about the lamp went unaddressed; there was no lock on the bathroom door; the safety lock on the door was loose and nearly falling out of the door jam. Also, there are too few outlets and the ones they have are in really odd spots. The bathroom plug is in a spot that makes the hairdryer wire catch on the corner during use.Overall, a lovely place with spectacular views and ammenities, but its not ideal for non-smokers.	
Aug 24 2009 	Sheer luxury	We stayed in one of the penthouse suites which was sheer luxury &amp; my only regret is that we didn’t stay longer &amp; go around the pools which looked amazing. The hotel is exactly what you would expect but better. I liked the fact that they treated everyone the same despite how much money you have. WE ordered room service which lovely &amp; brought up to the room by a lovely member of housekeeping who set up a romantic meal for two for us in our room. WE got a really good deal with the penthouse &amp; after seeing in some of the other rooms I would recommend that you shop around &amp; get a deal &amp; stay in the penthouse as it is sheer luxury &amp; fabulous.	
Aug 23 2009 	Bellagio is BEAUTIFUL!..	We stayed at the Bellagio from Aug 3rd-7th. Highly recommend starting your stay during the week because it makes check-in so much easier and less hectic. It's really suprising to me how many people were in Vegas yet every cab driver, waitress, and hotel employee rave about how empty the city was and how tourism was down. Jeez, we thought it was busy enough. Anyway, the check-in process at the Bellagio was a breeze!...We went from the cab to the hotel room within 12-15min and it's a long walk to the hotel room!!But again, I think part of the reason was because we checked-in on a Monday which made it simple as there were not as many people.**TIP** Get the upgrade to face the fountains!..It's worth it. We paid an EXTRA $50/night for a room on the 22nd floor to face the fountains and it was the best $50 per night that I spent in Vegas. The view is incredible and you'll spend a lot of time just looking out the window, watching the fountains and listening to the music.For the most part everyone at the Bellagio were friendly and really professional. The only time I experienced anything less than friendly professionalism is when there was some kind of computer problem that frustrated the employee who was getting our player's card.The room at the Bellagio was really nice, not incredibly luxurious but very nice and well appointed. The bathroom has a nice bathtub, and the bed is probably the softest in Vegas. This was a normal room, not a Suite which might have been even more luxious. I read other nit-picking reviews about the Bellagio and did not have any of those problems with wall-paper peeling or extra linen piled up in the corner of the room. Yes the water pressure in the shower was a little on the light side but nothing worth complaining about at all.THE POOL - Wow, what a huge pool area with plenty of lounges to accomodate everyone. The pool area is really nice! There were not too many kids and everyone at the pool was friendly. The pool did close for a few hours because of high winds so beware that this is a possibility during your stay.As a side note, I saw so many parents who brought their kids and as a parent myself, I don't understand taking your 2,3, or 4 year old to Vegas. It's not really &quot;kid friendly&quot;. You might find things for them to enjoy but overall the city is not really catered to kids in the same way Disney World is. ***TIP** If you are looking for a reasonable priced dinner, consider eating at the buffet. We found that by the time you walk or take a cab anywhere else, you are probably going to pay as much or more than what you pay at the Buffet (around $30 for 2) and the food is really good. But if you are a mad baller you could consider eating at one of the other restaurants at the Bellagio. I heard that the Cafe was good but it was a little pricey for us.We wanted to go to see a show and went to the concierge desk and they recommended Jersey Boy's which turned out to be a great show. The concierge arranged the tickets for us to purchase at the Venecian which made the whole experience easy and hassle free. I heard that the lines to the concierge can get really long and frustrated some guests but we didn't experience long lines at all.Other tidbits:We visited the M&amp;M factory - ummm, not so much. Not worth the hassle of walking through the people or the heat unless you really want some M&amp;M's or M&amp;M clothing.Mirage Zoo - Two big thumbs up. Only $15 bucks and you get to see the lion that pretty much cancelled Sigfreid and Roy - permanently.Vinny Favorito at The Flamingo - Vinny is one of those comics who picks on the audience members. He is funny and extremely vile and nasty. We really enjoyed the show but just be aware that it might not be the place you want to take your folks to. And afterwards he hawks his CD and being on vacation of course, we bought it. But for some reason it wasn't as funny when we listened to it later. CD sells for $25 and unfortunatley I can't recommend it. But we both had a great time at the show.Top of the Eiffel Tower - If you can find a night when it's not so crowded, then go for it. But if it's packed with folks, it doesn't turn out to be a very romantic experience because of the number of people clamoring for a view.The Fix Restaruant in the Bellagio - Stay away, waayyy too pricey - even if you are a mad baller you can freely spend or swipe your credit card at other much more fancy joints where the food is much better.Also, don't forget to visit the Gardens at the Bellagio!...really worth the visit. And it's free!..don't forget to take your camera. And the chocolatefountain is a must visit also!	
Aug 23 2009 	All about the view	We have just returned from 2 nights in a Deluxe lake view room at the Bellagio (Thu-Sat) and had an enjoyable stay. I have stayed at the Bellagio on two previous occasions and found the overall experience to be consistently good.Check in was relatively painless, about a 5 minute queue. The assistant was afficient although not really that friendly and probably borderline arrogant. We booked throught the American Express FHR programme, and recieved a discounted room (the cheapest rate I could find anywhere, and I looked pretty hard), free breakfast each day ($20 credit per person per night which more than covered the excellent breakfast buffet and could be used towards the weekend unlimited champagne brunch (Friexenet brut, so not really champagne) (again very good - $28 total per person). Also had a very nice free lunch at the Olive's Restaurant by the lake watching the fountains - the $85 credit allowed more than covered a 3 course meal each. (alternatively we could have had $100 spa credit).The rooms are definitely showing signs of age now, and it is true that more than 1/3 of the sq. feet are in the bathroom which is a little inefficient in its use of space. The rooms do not have a 'wow' factor at all really (about the level of a 4* hotel), but the lakeview does - I would not stay here if I didn't have a lake view. The fountains are amazing and its one of the few 'room with a view' upgrades worth paying for. Amenities in the room are good - nice fluffy towels and robes, and plenty of them. The TV in the room is not at all good, a 27inch old CRT with a wobbly flickery picture. This really is a bit of a disappointment and worse than the ones found even in Premier Inns etc. No DVD player either.Bed was big and comfortable. Turn down service good and happened both nights for us, consisting of new towels and chocolates by the bed (no ice delivered). The pools are lovely here, and the water is especially warm in the big pools. Overall a very nice ambience. We have also stayed at the Four Seasons in Las Vegas, which we thought was amazing and certainly was by far the most luxurious and inviting of the two hotels. However, I still recommend the Bellagio even if its just for the fun of having stayed there and imagining planning your Heist with Pitt and Clooney.	
Aug 23 2009 	As pristine as the day it was built	Bellagio is exquisite, as always. It is my No. 2 on the strip (Wynn is No.1) and easily tops the other competition by providing top notch service, gorgeous romantic scenery and excellent gaming space. It attracts a more mature and &quot;sanitary&quot; crowd so you avoid the &quot;other&quot; side of Vegas, LOL. The dealers are among the BEST you will find (a few bad eggs, but that's life). The restaurants are amazing, with the exception of Noodles, which is disgusting. Be sure to get a lake-view room...it's well worth the extra. The rooms are perfectly appointed with whirlpool tubs and beautiful furniture. Plenty of space for your things and excellent large window(s). Play here often and soon you will never have to pay for your room again...which makes this one of the very best places to stay in Las Vegas.	
Aug 23 2009 	HUGE BUSY AND FAB	What a fabulous hotel! Recently spent a week at the Bellagio early August and had a superb time. I called a few days prior to request a non smoking room it was noted on my booking but I was advised that the room will be allocated upon check in. So arriving on a Sunday afternoon you can guess it was very busy and it probably took around 25 minutes to check in. We didnt have much choice of non smoking rooms apart from a view over the car park or a lake view for $50 plus tax per night or a smoking room over looking the pool area. We also had the option of checking back later to see if any other rooms had became available. We decided to treat ourselves to the lake view and we were not disappointed it was worth every penny.The 18th floor is a non smoking floor and we had room 18070 it was spacious, clean with a lovely bathroom. It also had an i pod docking station, king sized bed which was very comfortable, iron and ironing board plus the usual mini bar, ice bucket etc. Comfy chairs to watch the fountains (amazing) channel 22 to listen to the music and much more relaxing than trying to jostle for a space outside in the August heat.We had an excellent breakfast at Cafe Bellagio it cost around $40 for 2 omlettes, toast, tea and coffee, the portion's are huge so you can easily share. We also tried the breakfast buffet which was slightly cheaper around $35 for two and again very good with lots of choice although it is the first time I have stayed in a hotel that has various pizza's on offer for breakfast. We never had to que so I guess we were very lucky or very early.We also had an evening meal at Olives, bottled water 2 drinks and 2 main meals cost around $100 plus tip my husband really enjoyed his chicken however I didn't have much choice for a vegetarian dish apart from pizza or pasta so it wasn't as enjoyable for myself. (For any vegetarians reading I found the best meal choice was at the Cheesecake Factory located in the forum shops at Caesars Palace)We are not big gamblers but we still signed up for the players card in the casino plus if you gave your email address you got $10 dollars free play for the slot machine's, you can also use the card in the other MGM group hotels along the strip to collect players points.Overall we loved the Bellagio and would definately stay again. Yes it is a very busy hotel, with nearly 4000 rooms it isn't going to be quiet around the public areas, however we never experienced any noise from the room, plus other hotels we looked at were just as busy. The location and the charm of the hotel itself you can't go wrong staying here.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great view and location	After having had to change a tire in Death Valley and then spend an hour at the dollar car rental getting a new car, it's fair to say that we were very much looking forward to getting to our room and relaxing!We drove up to front and quickly handed over our keys to the valet and our bags to the bellman to hasten our arrival at our room. Unfortunately check-in seemed to take ages despite only a few people ahead of us in line. Why it takes this long, when everyone has already given all their details on booking I don't know - even with us not asking for any upgrades etc and simply wanting the room we booked it took a full 15mins for us! (This long wait was repeated the next day when i went to pick up a gift left with the concierge)However once we (finally) got to our room (Lake view deluxe), all was forgotten as the views across the lake and over to the Paris Eiffel tower were amazing - pure Vegas! The room itself was great as well with special mention to the huge bathroom with double bath and huge shower. Amazing value for such a great room (we paid $150 a night). We rang for our bags to be brought up and almost instantly there was a knock on the door - remarking that this was a bit fast I opened the door to find some champagne had been sent up to us by some friends also in Vegas at that time - what a perfect (and much needed) present! Our bags came up shortly after and we wree left to enjoy our bottle of champagne and a long hot bath before heading down for some food and coktails (and a little gambling!)Great rooms at a great price, but service is incredibly slow	
Aug 20 2009 	Good Hotel - Shame about the Service...	Hotel is up with the best of them (although the Venetian is much better)... We booked and paid for a lake view room but when we arrived at 7:30pm we were told that none were available. Apparently the Bellagio will not confirm a room (even if you have pre-paid for it). So if you want a specific request get there VERY early or book into a better hotel. We were moved the second night, but only after a lot of hassle and we had to do all the leg work. The guest service was a real let down for such a reputable hotel.	
Aug 20 2009 	Fabulous view of fountains great pool.	We booked a Lake View room &amp; became fountain junkies over the next 3 days! The view of the fountains set in time to the music that you can listen to on your tv was great. We are not really into gambling &amp; came to Vegas just to see what it was like. The hotel is like a small city &amp; you could quite happily never leave. However, the customer service was very average, the food was okay &amp; there are no tea or coffee making facilities in the room. However the room was a good size, the bed very comfortable, &amp; it was clean &amp; quiet. I loved the pool area with the fountains &amp; the gardens.	
Aug 20 2009 	Unbelievable - what a hotel - fantastic	This place is magic. From the moment you walk in its like being in a fairytale. The place is amazing. The casino and general areas have to be seen to be believed (the chocolate fountain is spectacular - the chocolate covered strawberries, soooooo yummy) The rooms are BIG, the bathrooms stunning and all is immaculately clean. The staff are excellent, the room service delicious and the whole Bellagio experience better than hoped for. The fountain is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The Bellagio is the BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 19 2009 	Worth the Price	I had a great hotel experience at the Bellagio, I couldn't find anything wrong with the place.......... except the service. The staff was not the friendliest and the service at the restaurant was extremely slow. But the over all stay at the Bellagio was out of this world. I will definitely stay here next time.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great time at the Bellagio	My husband and I travelled to the Bellagio for 4 nights from August 12-17th. Prior to leaving I had read many reviews of the hotel and knew that it was going to be great!! Well, it far exceeded our expectations. We both loved it. The location of the Bellagio on the strip is great, in the middle of everything. We did not have to wait any more than a few minutes at check-in, or checking out. All of the staff that we encountered were always very friendly. At the hotel we ate breakfast at the buffet a couple of times and we ate at Todd English's Olives. It was really really good. Very tasty and very reasonably priced. We spent 2 days at the pool. The pool area is beautiful, and very clean.	
Aug 19 2009 	It was Ok	From August 12 to August 15 my husband and I traveled to Las Vegas, NV to the Bellagio hotel. The hotel itself was OK. Not the best I have ever stayed in, not the worse. Certainly not 5 star. Maybe 3.5 to 4 star. The service was OK. Checking in was pure hell. It took us all of an hour to check in which we thought was ridiculous. We are Maryland residents but we flew into Vegas from Georgia. That plane ride was about 4 of the longest hours I have ever experienced. Who wants to wait a whole hour to check in after fighting with traveling literally all day? The room we had was equipped with a bar and snack bar. All of the items were certainly overprices. A bag of M &amp; m’s were $5. That is crazy even for Vegas. The room appeared to be somewhat dated, and for some reason the room did not have any washcloths….The ironing board fell to pieces (lol) as soon as my husband pulled it out to iron prior to leaving out for dinner on the first night. Once we called for washcloths and a new ironing board the staff brought the items in a fair amount of time. I really enjoyed Vegas as a whole but the hotel was a hit or miss. The hotel did offer a wide array of nice shopping and gambling (I personally do not gamble). We did not eat at the hotel. The other annoying feature included a staff member at the entrance to the elevators that led up to the hotel rooms who wanted to see your room key every time you wanted to take the elevator up to the room. That means if your room key is in the bottom of your purse start digging, if you left your room key in the room because someone was there to open the door for you start calling them to bring the key down etc. I somewhat understand the safety patrol. However, just because you can flash them a room key does not mean you are legit. Overall it was OK. If you are looking for a decent place to stay while you party, gamble, and do what people in Vegas do I could recommend the hotel. If you are looking for something exquisite, 5 star perfection you may not like this hotel. If you are looking to shop to you drop on high end label such as Jimmy Choo, Chanel, Gucci you have arrived. The hotel is located next to Caesars Palace which also has great shopping and really nice restaurants. Another good point of the Bellagio is that it is located in the middle of the strip. Not to far north or south. Great location in that sense	
Aug 19 2009 	Bellagio has lost its way.	This was our second stay at Bellagio. We had a four night stay two years ago. This trip when we went to check-in we were told all non-smoking rooms were taken (this also happened at Encore at the Wynn in June and MGM last Dec--more about this later). The check-in clerk told us they had &quot;smoking optional rooms&quot; for the first night and we could move into a non-smoking room the next day, ughh, but no choice so we took the &quot;smoking optional&quot; room hoping for those opting not to smoke.The elevator ride up to our room was a revealing moment. Of the choices of floors 5-11 according to the icons by the floor buttons only two of the floors allowed the smoking option, mmm. Our room smelled of stale smoke and air deodorizer, not too bad. We went to bed and by 6am were choking on the cigarette smoke. It seems that the nicotine fits start early and the smoke from our neighbor's rooms was proof they were suffering from not smoking overnight. It was sickening. Apparently, &quot;smoking optional&quot; is just a euphemism for smoking required.My husband checked back with the front desk around 3pm and was able to get a new room and moved our luggage himself. The second room was better. If you smoke your room is a bit ratty while the non-smoking room was freshly decorated. This room was perfect for us for the remainder of our stay.Since we had just stayed at Encore we had a recent comparison. Bellagio has a cafe but it is a cafe, while Encore and Wynn have a cafe's but they are far more upscale (without being anymore expensive). The pool at Bellagio is nice but they do not have an adults only pool (as they do at Encore and Wynn). The poolside food is good and nice portions. FYI at the Bellagio pools stay away from any drains you see in the pool deck--the smells were eye-watering, I had to move locations to avoid the smell.Would I return to Bellagio? Price being equal to Encore or Wynn, no. The amenities and the staff are far more attentive at the Wynn properties than at Bellagio. I feel more pampered at the Wynn properties. The Bellagio seems like a stodgy behemoth while the Wynn hotels seem more nimble and eager to please. Back to the smoking optional v. non-smoking. If 2 of 7 floors allow smoking and the non-smoking floors sell out first, wouldn't this be a clue to the hotel that more people prefer non-smoking rooms? As I wrote above, we had this same situation at Encore and MGM. If over 70% of rooms are non-smoking (and they sell out first) maybe it is time to make the hotel 90% non-smoking. I am waiting for the day that OSHA restricts smoking within the casinos to designated areas anytime now. They did it at McCarren airport. They did it all public places (Fashion Show Mall etc) it will be the employees that need protecting from second-hand smoke that OSHA makes the ruling. It would seem that a small percentage of patrons are smoking the rest of us out.	
Aug 18 2009 	Wonderful Stay at the Bellagio	Stayed at Bellagio for a friend’s birthday weekend (5 days actually) in early August. Can’t find anything negative to say about this beautiful hotel. The staff was very friendly and made us feel welcome. While we were out in the evening they came in and closed our drapes, turned our TV on to a smooth jazz station, left us chocolates and refurbished our towels. When we checked in we were given a room with a view of the construction area next door and requested a room with a pool view which they promptly found for us. The pool area was one of the most beautiful I’ve ever seen (although you needed to get there close to when it opened to reserve a chair with umbrella). This is a very large property but is quite easy to learn your way around. Great location at center of The Strip (but you do have to walk across to Paris/Bally to get a monorail). Not sure I can afford to stay there often but we were very lucky and had gotten a special rate of less than $100 a night.	
Aug 18 2009 	my favorite hotel in vegas	i love everything about this hotel ..i was there for it's opining and repeted my visit at least once a year..just great	
Aug 18 2009 	Excellent Excellent Excellent!	My husband and I stayed here twice in March 2009 for 1 night each time. The service we received was the best we have received anywhere- from check in, to the concierge, to the towel persons at the pool, to the dealers at the table, to the servers in the restaurant.The rooms are very nice-not over the top but plush and comfortable and fancier than many hotels. The beds are extremely comfortable and the bedding is very cozy. We stayed in different parts of the tower on each night but the rooms were similar, only the view changed (one night of the pool, another overlooking the mountains). The rooms are very quiet- we were not bothered by hall noises or our neighbours. There is a safe in the room as well as a fridge, however, the fridge works electronically so if you so much as pick something up to read the label you will get charged for it automatically.The pool area is fabulous! The pools are not heated and the weather was a little cool when we went so we did not use them, but we did lounge in the area.The casino itself is also great in that it has a large selection of slots as well as tables. The dealers at the tables were friendly and were happy to explain a game if you had no idea how to play it.The selection of restaurants is plenty and variable, although all a little pricey. There is a small bakery/shop to buy sandwiches for those on a budget. Room service was excellent and the food tasty, however VERY expensive by the time you've paid all the service fees and gratuities.The shops at the hotel are very expensive, but fun to browse in. The Cirque du Soleil show &quot;O&quot; has its home at the Bellagio, so again you do not have to go far for entertainment either, however tickets are also very expensive.The location on the strip is excellent as it is fairly central. There are alot of other casinos and restaurants nearby, within walking distance. Cabs can become expensive as you are more often than not stuck in traffic on the strip and the bus is not always reliable because it is often full and will pass right by without stopping (occasionally, but rarely, it is not on schedule-we once waited an hour and a half and no bus came along).Although it is an expensive stay (we are normally budget travellers), the Bellagio has become one of my favourite places to stay due to the service and amenities.	
Aug 18 2009 	Absolute Luxury	We paid $109 a night on the hotel website and stayed 2 nights. Our first impression was it was so big, we'd never find the check-in. But after walking around and falling in love with the the hotel we were comfortable. The location was excellent for us to browse up and down the strip. The Patisserie was a favorite meeting place - we were drawn to the cakes and chocolate fountain. Our room overlooked the pool. It was a large room with our 2 large comfortable beds. The bathroom was huge - and I enjoyed the soak in the large tub. Would I stay here again, even though it was the largest hotel I'd ever stayed in? You betcha! We also saw the 'O' show, and that was just mindboggling. I'd seen every Cirque de Soleil show that has come to my home town and 'O' beats them all hands down. Thank you to the staff too ... nothing was too much trouble from the parking staff, check in, maid service, casino, theatre, cafes and check out staff. You are a credit to the hotel and I look forward to a return visit.	
Aug 17 2009 	Nice place but overrated .. would not be my first choice	We had a great rate and had always wanted to stay here. It was pretty much what I expected. It is a massive casino and it's kind of a pain to walk through that smoke haze to get anywhere. The rooms were nice .. not the best I've seen in Vegas really though. The service was really quite exceptional although we must have been last on the list for room cleaning .. no one ever came by until around 4 PM. The pool was great and very adult oriented .. not very many kids. The buffet was awesome as usual. Everything is just a little too expensive there ... $4 for a REGULAR cup of coffee at one of the cafes which is twice as much as starbucks. We had crepes one day at the chocolate fountain dessert place right off of the conservatory .. those were totally great. Didn't eat at any of the restaurants really .. we were on more of a budget. Too crowded with all of the walk through traffic ... I would stay at Mandalay Bay next time to avoid some of the crowds.	
Aug 17 2009 	Elegance + Location = Best Choice on the Strip	I have just returned from my third stay at Bellagio – after trying a few other hotels on the strip in recent years I went back to my best and first choice, and am happy to see that it is still maintaining the same high standards. Of the five star hotels you can choose from on the strip, nothing can beat Bellagio for location and overall elegance without being pompous or snooty. The maintenance effort that goes in to keeping this hotel looking shiny and new as the years go by must be huge; I so no signs of the beautiful hotel I first stayed in five years ago looking any worse for wear now.Bellagio isn’t without its downsides: there are no economical eating options in the hotel period. Even the snack bars and concession stands will charge double what you’d pay next door in Caesars, so either be prepared to head outside when you get peckish, or get used to paying well over the odds. The pool, while elegant and relaxing, could use at least a section that has a bit of atmosphere. Almost every other hotel on the strip is adapting to pool areas that cater for different demographics, but the Bellagio is sticking with its one size fits all solution, which may be a blessing for some. The Bank nightclub is over-priced carnage, and should be avoided like the plague.But those few negatives pale in comparison to the dignity and elegance this establishment brings to the strip: spacious and classically decorated rooms with the most comfortable bed I have ever enjoyed in a hotel, a casino that strikes the right balance between atmosphere and space, stunning floral arrangements on every surface and of course the fountains which after ten years still haven’t lost their charm and wonder. I haven’t found anywhere else I’d rather stay in Vegas.	
Aug 16 2009 	Still a nice place but maybe time to move on	Dates: 8/1-8/3 (two nights)Who: me &amp; wife; my parents stayed at Caesars (Harrah's Diamond)How: Bellagio summer promotion; three nights comped (only used two); $150 f&amp;b; $75 free play; 2:1 O tickets (which we didn't use)It was just past 10:30 a.m. when we pulled up in the cab. All the windows at the front desk were for check-out so we used the invited guest window (which we were). Surprisingly there was no attempt made to upsell us to a better room.We went to the Player's Club to get our free play activated. We had a very difficult situation during our stay in late June, which I had been promised would be resolved (more on this in a moment). Unfortunately, the Player's Club had us keyed in (again) with the wrong offer. This time a phone call solved the problem, which is more than I can say about the June visit (see my previous Bellagio review for details).After the June incident I sent an email to Guest Services at Bellagio. A couple of days later I received a phone call from the Director of Slot Marketing (I think that is the title). He was very apologetic and asked me if I would have him sent to the Player's Club desk when I arrive in August so that he could meet me. He also indicated that he wanted to do something special for the August visit. When we got to the desk for the August visit I asked for him by name, the manager called him and was sent straight to voice mail. I left him a message with my room number and Player's Club number. I never heard from him, and nothing special was offered us.My wife and I had said that we were going to see how Bellagio responds to the June incident (we had already booked August) before we decide if we were going to continue coming to Bellagio. We are now looking at Venetian/Palazzo as our homebase.I won't say much more about the visit because the hotel has been described to death in this forum. We were in the main tower on the 10th (I think) floor in a decent room that will need to be renovated soon.I'd like to make a comment about the service in the rooms. When we went in June we never received turn-down service yet on the August stay we did. When the maid came to our room on Sunday morning she took my Sunday papers (LV &amp; LA). They were neatly stacked on the desk and looked as if they had just been purchased. I was able to track the maid down (she was at the end of the hall when I came up to the room) and she apologized profusely for lifting them and said that her trash bin had already been emptied (it had). I called the front desk and got no satisfaction. I spoke to an employee in the lobby and got the runaround. I finally found a guy near the bell desk who take down my name and room number and arranged to have the papers replaced.Some other comments about service: we received excellent service from the waitresses at Petrossian and Baccarat bars. These are both gems and make Bellagio better than most hotel/casinos. We also enjoyed breakfast at Cafe Bellagio but I'm not sure it is worth the price. The second morning we had breakfast at Augustus Cafe at Caesars and it was just as good but much cheaper. The service provided by the dealers at the craps table and the cocktail waitresses in the casino was also good.Bought a nice purse for the wife at Dior. Those people are awfully stuffy until they see that you aren't just a looky-loo - then they really turn on the charm.	
Aug 16 2009 	Loved the Bellagio	Great place, clean rooms, good security. Nice pool and pool restaurant that serves breakfast and lunch. Good Cafe's. Didn't try buffet.. Only ate dinner 1 night there in Fix. Very expensive. We had a wonderful stay.	
Aug 16 2009 	Get a WaterShow Room if possible	Stayed at the Bellagio for three nights to celebrate a special occasion. The hotel, as stated, is amazingly beautiful. The rooms are large and luxiourous. The restaurants offer something for everyone and service was magnificent throughout the hotel. Check-in was very chaotic. It wasn't that there were a lot of people waiting, but as there are no lines to organize it, people run from one clerk to another. Also, each check in seem to take a long time (including ours and we had no issues to address). At check-in the clerk asked us if we wanted a water show room. We said sure. She then told us it would be $50 more per night. I told her that I didn't want to spend $150 for that option. She gave us the upgrade anyway. It was wonderful seeing it from the privacy of your room. They have a channel on the TV where you can hear the corresponding music. An added benefit.The room itself was large with a very comfortable bed and great sitting area. The room is very dark though. As the sun goes down, it gets worse. The service was remarkable. Everyone we encountered was professional and friendly. That really helps to set this hotel off from others on the strip.The pool area is large and well equipped. You do have to pay for everything though. For example, at the Wynn, you are given bottled water with your towels when you arrive. Here you pay to get water. Small note, but memorable.Other small concerns: The room doors are very heavy. So when people close them, unless you hold it closed (which no one would do), it will slam. So in your room, you hear doors slamming constantly.My company sent me a Fedex envelope to the hotel. The Bellagio wanted me to pay $10 for the business center to hand me the envelope. The bathrooms have no TV or private toilet room, which is usually for a Vegas resort of this standing.Their is only one parking entrance to the hotel (off the Strip) which gets very busy and hard to navigate in the evening.This is a beautiful hotel. If you can get a good rate, and a water show room, I would recommend you checking it out. I don't know if I would choose it over the Wynn, but I had a good time.	
Aug 15 2009 	Bellagio is the BEST	Our stay was to celebrate my daughter's 21st birthday. Mom/daughter stay.We were given our room before check in time, as it was available and was on the 15th floor facing the fountain. Yes, the lines to check in on a Thursday morning were crowded, but we were promptly guided to the check out line and serviced by their staff.Since my last vist staying in the Tower Spa, I was surprised at the condition of our room in the Main building with worn out carpeting and a light out in the bathroom cosmetic mirror. Another review stated similar conditions and possibly with the economy, thingslike this aren't at the top of their priority list. However you can't beat the view or the location in the middle of the strip and within walking distance to all the hotels (given if you are in a healthy walking condition, otherwise cabs do just fine). Yes, the halls arecrowded with patrons once you get off the elevator on the casino floor and yes, we had to ask the staff to find two lounge chairs together at the pool at 2pm, because most of the chairs are saved earlier or occupied already. but the staff did help us when we asked for help in any circumstance. Drinks at this hotel are outrageous, but this is Vegas and ourhotel room was extremely marked down because of the economy., so it all worked out . We would definitely return to this hotel any day of the year and will be back with the family or just husband and wife. You can't get a better hotel than the Bellagio. It's a beautiful hotel.	
Aug 15 2009 	Great stay at the bellagio!! Penthouse suite was great	Stayed for 6 days at the bellagio at the end of July.Check in. Ver y smooth we were part of the executive level so we were picked up at the airport by the limo and brought to the hotel. We had private check in in the executive lounge and enjoyed the snacks they provided. the bell hop and desk were extremely helpful and exactly what you would expect for service at that level..Room. The penthouse suites are very spacious. 3 bathrooms a living room a dining room a wet bar and you bedroom. Everything was impeccable and done in very good taste. very updated and clean. views of the fountains are great we were on the 32nd floor. We used the executive elevators so we never felt crowded i nthe elevator levels.Executive lounge and VIP lounge. they were very nice and someone was always avaible to help. There was one girl there who was very snobby and nont helpful but most all of the staff were very friendly. The sancks were great. Soda waters coffee tea anytime. Lots of little snacks and always the yummy chocolate covered strawberries. Great service from the concierge they were very helpful getting us reservations..Food We ate at the buffet one time. It was good. Ijust dont like fighting the crowds in the food lines. The bellagio cafe was very good. Loved all of our experiences there. We ate at prime one evening. very good but i didnt think the steak was worth it. We ate at sense and the kobe steak and service were better there. This was our favorite restuarant there.The VIP front of line passes were very helpful as things we busy the week we were there. NOODLes was amazing wish i ate there more.The conservatory and all the views were great. We spent a day at the pool and this was good too. The water was very cold as described by some earlier. lmost uncomfortable. But very beautiful.Gambling . had a great time. Lost a bit but spent a long time to do so. Pit boss Jefferey was very frindly and gave us a free dinner at noodles. O was amazing. Ihave a friend from High school who is a swimmer for them so i got half price tix. Would have paid full price as we love cirque shows. Also saw Mystere . Amazing.Never made it to the bank or any clubs.Spent a day at the spa. Loved it. I get a 2 hour massage and a facial and the wife had 3 treatments. we both thought this spa was one of the best we have ever been to and we do like to frequent spas on vacations. Was in the top 2 massages i have ever had.All in all a very good trip. Very good service .We would return. We dont get to vegas very often as we prefer to take our trips to the carribean beaches somewhere but it was great for our 15th anniversary. Although they did not acknowelge this at all on our trip.Only bad experience was with a very unprofessional and stuck up woman at the VIP lounge.3 other younger girls working there were very good.fountains are way better in person and must be seen in person to be appreciated.stayed in 32012. right by the private elevators by the Vip lounge.	
Aug 15 2009 	Disapointing	Sadly they are building a huge complex next door so the immediate surroundings to one side is a building site and horded walkways which do not add to a great atmosphere. The hotel inside was beautiful, lots of luxurious and gorgeous restaurants and lounges and the prettiest/classiest looking casino area of all the hotels in my opinion. The lunch buffet was fabulous, but sadly didn't get the breakfast buffet on our last day as it was a 45 min queue and would have swapped to lunch while we were eating. That was a great disappointment. I also felt that unless you were a high spender in the hotel on the tables you were not given 5* service. We apparently didn't exist when a tour company called to rearrange a trip and we wasted a day having planned that trip which went t the next day! The last day we missed breakfast (you only get a line jump if you are in the penthouse or guest of casino even though we left the line to get a line jump as advised by the staff!!) and also sat in the boilding mid day heat for the airport transfer which never arrived that we had booked through the hotel - did they care/appologies/help? In a word NO!Be prepared to walk, walk walk, Most ladies carried their heels through the hotel and put them on going out, it can be a 10-15 minute walk from the front of the hotel to your room (although it appears to be similar in all the hotels). It is centrally placed and the bus service is great for just $7 unlimited for a 24hour period.Beautiful pool and you can rent cabanas, if available, often they are not even though you can't see anyone using them?? the bieest chocolate fountain you ever saw with 3 types of chocolate! Fountain show are spellbinding and perhaps a little emotional!!All in 5* hotel, beautiful amenities, 4* service	
Aug 14 2009 	Awesome!	&quot;Awe the Bellagio. It is so beautiful.&quot; Our Jr. Suite was perfect and the view of the fountains was so romantic. Our room was always clean and well stocked. The staff always pleasant and helpful. I can't say enough how beautiful the flowers and walkways are.Check in and check out always have lines but this Hotel is worth waiting for!.	
Aug 14 2009 	mixed feelings	We stayed in a 900 or so square feet suite. Once in the suite it was great but the lobby and the hotel in general was just so BUSY. Even the pool was a total nightmare. Comparing it to the Wynn where it has a much more exclusive feel and a seperate pool for suite guests it lags a long way behind.For the money i would rank it behind a number of the other hotels in Vegas.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great location	The view of the fountains was great and the room was spacious and comfortable. Overall, a good hotel in a great location. The pool area is nice and we enjoyed the food at Yellow Tail and Prime Steak House (wine list was pricey though). We also stayed at the Mirage on this trip and slightly prefered the bars and atmosphere there (it had more relaxed feel to us), but it was a close call between the two hotels and the fountains at Bellagio are fantastic.	
Aug 13 2009 	Nice Stay Spoiled	My wife and I were the benefactors of four free nights at Bellagio (lucky us). We have stayed there before, but during our last couple of stays we found the hotel a bit worn, perhaps due to the need to economize due to the economy. Not this time! Our room was perfect and well-appointed. The one light bulb that had burned out was promptly replaced by staff. We asked for the Spa Tower and had to wait a couple of hours until a room was ready but that was a minor inconvenience. All of the staff we met were courteous and pleasant EXCEPT the women who guard the entrance to the Petrossian Bar. We have found during our previous stays that these women have attitude with a capital A. We wanted to reserve a table to celebrate the wedding anniversary of our friends. So, my wife went down to the bar a couple of hours prior to our time to meet our friends to make the arrangements. She asked to reserve a table at 5:30 p.m. and promised the young woman at the front that we would order two bottles of expensive champaigne, hoping that would encourage a positive response. Hah! The response: &quot;We can't do that!&quot; given in a tone and manner that suggested that my wife was less than dirt for asking (we have run into this attitude before from different women who guard the Petrossian entrance). Just down the way in the casino is the Baccarat Bar. My wife went down there and made the same request: &quot;Of course you can reserve a table,&quot; was the response. When we all arrived the champaign was served by a pleasant young woman who went out of her way to make us feel welcome. But the moment was spoiled by the Harpies at Petrossian. Two bars, very close together, with totally different personalities--surely the same manager must run both, why the difference? We've already booked our next Vegas trip at Wynn, where we have never had a service or attitude problem.	
Aug 13 2009 	Bring your wallet!!! Hotel was pretty and nice but not a great value	I stayed here with friends to celebrate their 5th wedding anniversary. The hotel was nice, bed comfy, room spotless--but we had a view of the rooftop. We got a room rate special (about $240/night) and I just didn't feel like it was worth it. Most Vegas hotels are huge and personalized service unheard of unless you are a celebrity or gamble big bucks...the Bellagio was no exception. The lobby was overcrowded and we felt like cattle most of the time. A cup of coffee was $4 in the hotel restaurants. Food in the hotel was very good and well prepared, but wayyyyy overpriced. I felt nickled and dimed. I would have been exceptionally pleased if I paid $99-$129 per night---but I didn't. The common areas and atrium were beautiful, but not worth the room rate. Nice place, just not a good value for the money. We ate at Chipotle near Harrahs the last night because we couldn't stand to put out another $50 per person meal. I won't be going back for a long time. The highlight was the spa...I paid $25 per day to work out, but since they comp'd fruit, snacks and drinks in the spa, I felt like it was worth it.	
Aug 13 2009 	A Great Hotel	We loved this hotel!! Me and my boyfriend stayed four nights and had the best time here. The hotel is basically in the center of the strip and you can walk to most of the other hotels in Vegas. The bathroom in our room was HUGE and the pools were beautiful! LOVED LOVED LOVED the water show!!! A must see for sure!! We even got our room for a discounted price. I looked up coupons for the Bellagio online and got the room for $80.00 a night. Couldn't find a nicer hotel for cheaper anywhere! IWe only had two problems... one, I requested a non-smoking room and got a smoking one. Apparently your request is not always honored and you can get a smelly room. Not so grand but we lived with it. The only other problem was that the rooms were waaaaay in the back. After a ton of walking up and down the strip it can get a little annoying. Not a huge deal though. I would for sure recommend this hotel to anyone!!	
Aug 12 2009 	Maybe I Expected Too Much	I have to say that this facility was really disappointing. We waited in line for 35 minutes to check in -- only to be told that, inspite of our reservation, the non-smoking rooms were gone. We accepted a smoking room which had a very bad odor. To the credit of the hotel, they fumigated the room and removed about 80% of the smell. The buffet was well-priced but unexciting. The service was very poor. The casino was okay, nothing exciting. I have stayed at many Vegas Strip hotels which were better than Bellagio.	
Aug 11 2009 	Just go!	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights this summer for the first time (our 3rd time in Vegas) and really enjoyed ourselves. The level is service is very high and there is a nice &quot;luxury&quot; feel to the hotel, the pool, the restaurants and the casino. We had dinner at Yellowtail one night with friends who had a young child and meal was very good. We mentioned to server we were a bit pressed on time and they had our food out in a snap. Another nice asian restaurant on the strip is Pearl at MGM.We had a deluxe room with mountain view (aka no strip, no pool, no fountain view). Room and bathroom were good size and nicely appointed overall, but rooms are starting to show minor signs of age. We went to bed late each night (1 to 4am) and never heard any noise or partying from other rooms, hallways etc which was a welcome change from the gong show we went through at Mandalay Bay last time we were in town.Pool area was very nice and we spent part of each afternoon there, but 12-14$ drinks poolside are not exactly the best deal in town...	
Aug 11 2009 	Fabulous Resort - Terrible Traffic	This resort is the best that one can get. My family just returned from a seven night stay in the PH suite with a full lakeview. The excellent staff in the VIP Lounge makes your stay as comfortable as possible with no request too difficult. We arrived very early and our suite was not ready so Mari of the VIP Lounge provided a room to refresh until our designated room was available.The suite is very spacious and every detail is attended to make your stay the best. The housekeeping services were over the top. There were no unwelcome instrusions from any staff member and everyone was very pleasant. The pools are very beautiful and fun for the entire family. We went at various times and never found it difficult to find a chair. The drink service is very quick and the servers are friendly. The restaurants are good but expensive. The buffet is good but could be better; the Wynn is still a notch above. But with the number of restaurants available, no one should go hungry.The traffic surrounding the resort is terrible. There are many detours due to numerous construction projects in the area. My advice - use a GPS system which can direct you to the hotel via the alternate routes (we did and it saved us a lot of time).But overall, the resort is the best and we will return. Everyone should stay in the PH suites and experience a level of service second to none.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great stay!	First, I have to say I was so lucky to find a rate back in April for this hotel for $96 a night in a standard room, just by googling Bellagio discounts. Woo hoo! When we got to the hotel we were very impressed with the lobby and speedy check in. Our room was on the 11th floor, overlooking the pool. It was great, especially for what we were paying! We found the room to be nice &amp; quiet during our stay and were never woken up by noisy neighbors.The first night we ate at the buffet, were lucky enough to not have to wait, as there was a long line as we were leaving. it was good, not great. Service was wonderful. The casino had a good air filtration system, because the smoke didn't bother us too much. Thats one thing I hate about casinos. We also had lunch at Olives on the day we left to go back home. The food was good - again not great - but service was excellent and we sat outside so we got to see the fountains again before we went back home. Overall I would stay here again, although with the reviews I see about the Wynn and THE hotel I might try those also. Unless I could get a rate like I did on this trip!	
Aug 10 2009 	The Bellagio - The Best	The Bellagio – The BestThis was my 3rd trip to Vegas and in the context of a 5 star plus luxury Vegas hotel the Bellagio cannot be beaten. Clearly it is never going to be cheap but check check and check as we got a cracking deal just by playing with a day difference here and there etc and we got a lake view at a better rate than a ‘lesser’ hotel!Anyway, Wynn and Mandalay Bay are the only 2 other 5 star plus hotels but this is the best luxury hotel because of the little things. The lake and grounds I am sure everybody knows about. Inside there is a huge lobby but the little extra is the decor, namely the glass flowers on the ceiling and the general space. The casino is also spread out so unlike nearly all the other hotels it is not in your face or you find yourself walking between tables to get to your favourite shop. The conservatory is another little thing and within it is a ferris wheel and flower ‘displays’ with a bistro/ cafe to take in the atmosphere esp at night when the place is buzzing and the lights on. This goes for the fountain of course also. All the flowers are rotated and replaced on a daily basis and the fragrance is reflected by this. Try the patisserie with the worlds’ largest indoor chocolate fountain, needless to say the desserts are out of this world and actually, given it is hosted by a French Michelin star chef, are by no means stupidly priced. The location of the hotel is the next best thing as it is slap bang in the middle of the strip but being set back, and the for mentioned lobby entrance, means within just a few mins, after spending hours getting your senses bashed, you are in peace and in luxury. The forum shops are just next door and connected so that saves a min or 2 walking also.As for Vegas as a whole, well my few recommendations are for a romantic meal the Eiffel Tower restaurant cannot be beaten. It is situated half way up the tower so overlooks the strip and you face the Bellagio fountains so have the best seat in the house all night long. The cheese cake factory within the forum shops is not to be missed for a slice of heaven any time of the day. The forum shops themselves are also the 1st stop for any lady as they have all the designer shops under 1 roof. For the shopaholics the fashion show mall, opposite Wynn, also shouldn’t be missed.As for attractions there are of course the fountains at the Bellagio but also the pirate ‘battle’ at T.I. is an enjoyable watch and it is also free. For a show, esp if you are not ‘theme’ specific the Blue Man Group at the Venetian is an evening of pure entertainment. A little tip is also to pick up the what’s on magazines from the back of taxis or in the hotels as they include money off vouchers and special promotions. Mostly for food, and particularly downtown, a little gem can be found if you plum lucky as this last time we got a trip up the Eiffel tower on a 2 for 1 promo saving $16 and cirque du soleil where doing a promo of with 1 full paying adult ticket a 2nd adult paid just $25. Given the average cost is $150 a ticket this is stunning and is far cheaper than even the discount show box office found on the strip.Enjoy	
Aug 10 2009 	the best hotel	We stayed in Bellagio and it was the best experience. The hotel has great location, beautiful views even if you have a room with a view to the pools. We payed £90 a night and it is a very good value. I recommend that hotel to everybody.	
Aug 10 2009 	Excellent hotel!	We had a room with partial lake view, so we had a superb view of the fountains.We had dinner in the Circo, one the hotel's restaurants, price was high but so was the quality.The room was very spacious aswell as the bathroom.Didn't like the crowd however, very busy!The outside of the windows needed a cleaning.	
Aug 10 2009 	Excellent!!!!!!!	This was the honeymoon we never had and what better place to go than Las Vegas - Bellagio...First time to Vegas in general and had the best time..The hotel was fantastic , very classy, clean and most of all staff were very friendly...A hotel which i would recommend to friends any day...A very pleasant stay, thankyou for your hospitality......	
Aug 10 2009 	Branding sand	You can’t take the Bellagio serious. Not the fake pond at the front which is called lake; not the synthetic façade of North-Italian architecture; not the deserted Chanel and Prada boutiques that market winter attire in boiling summer heat to crowds of lightly clad west-coast folks; and certainly not the hotel’s claim of being a five star property and one of the leading hotels of the world. Bellagio is brutal mass-tourism glossed over with a pseudo-sophisticated air that aims at sucking your wallet dry while giving nothing in return but empty marketing slogans. And I am not even talking about their casino here. I am talking about their overcrowded and overpriced restaurants that charge Manhattan rates for mediocre food in the middle of a dessert. The lack of complimentary fruit or water in a suite for $600 a night and the hilarious charges for wireless Internet access. The fact that most of their staff are poorly trained and hardly manage to disguise an appallingly sullen and frustrated attitude. The exorbitant entrance fee to their gym. The tacky floating airbed, which you can rent at the pool for $20 a day. The queues at reception. And the numerous pretentious “VIP” services that you can purchase, but should receive as a complimentary standard at any reputable hotel. What seems truly surprising about this factory of a hotel is that at least the elementary services tend to work well. You do get your luggage delivered to your room after a short while, housekeeping does service the room reliably two times per day, and valet parking does ensure that your car awaits you promptly at he front. These might seem outstanding achievements given the size of the establishment and the hordes it has to service, but they are not nearly enough to justify the claim of being a world-class hotel. True, Las Vegas has never been about individualism and marketers here have always been experts in branding sand, but somewhere down the line behind the gambling crowds and the fake facades you ought to find two essential things: quality and value. Not at the Bellagio.	
Aug 10 2009 	The Cypress Suites are the Best Suites at the Bellagio	We booked a &quot;Cypress Suite&quot; at the Bellagio, which are the suites in the circular column you see right in the middle of the hotel overlooking the fountain. These suites are pricey (we paid $800/night), but what a view! The bed faces the floor-to-ceiling windows so you get a prime view of every fountain show. The suites comes with 2 huge bathrooms and spacious living room. We made a little video from our stay that we posted on YouTube; check it out at: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4JsyZ5OoXk&amp;feature=channel_page	
Aug 9 2009 	Bed Bugs at the Bellagio	We stayed at the Bellagio and by the second day, my daughter had welts on her face, arms and back. We had a nurse look at her who advised that they were bed bug bites!!!!!!They were very &quot;non responsive&quot; and shrugged it off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 9 2009 	Disappointed somewhat this time	As a repeat visitor to Vegas and the Bellagio, I expected a little more. The last time I was there, I got a free upgrade room (overlooking the fountains) when I mentioned we were there in Aug and enjoyed our visit. This time, I asked for a room overlooking the fountains and was told, that would be $50.00 extra per night!!! WTF! excuse me?! And I know others got upgraded for free? On my booking of the room, I requested a &quot;High Floor&quot;. I was placed on the 6th Floor with no view of anything. I came to Vegas with someone who had not been the Vegas before and I was so disappointed. She did not mind the room initially, but after I called and complained we got moved to the 20th Floor (smoking floor) she saw the difference (of the view). The standard room is terrible. In all my stay at the Bellagio, I have never seen this room before. Usually, my room have the his/hers vanity and spacious. Well, for some reason, I was given horrible service on check-in and all my request ignored.The other days were better, and that is the only reason I would recommend this hotel.The spa, casino and buffet staff was wonderful. The room was kept clean and they were very pleasant.I would consider staying at another hotel on my next visit to compare the standards. Because obviously this hotel does not care about its repeat visitors and/or player club members happiness.	
Aug 9 2009 	Hotel of excesses	Nice hotel with good rooms. Excellent staff and room service	
Aug 8 2009 	Sleep well at the Bellagio	We stayed at the Bellagio at the advice of friends who had already visited Vegas. Location is excellent: bang in the middle of the strip, easy walking distance to Caesars, Hard Rock, MGM - although it's not that pleasant to walk too far in 112 degree heat! We checked in quickly and easily - although saw days where the queues were huge - and were pleased with our room overlooking the pools, which was a large room with a king size bed and huge, marble bathroom. Although you do get some corridor noise and doors slam, we both slept like babies in the very dark room (like the casinos, you can lose track of time!) and felt refreshed during our stay. The pools were very busy so get up early to get a decent spot, the casino had some good bars. We didn't eat there as we went out every day nor did we play there, but the buffet breakfast/brunch was excellent and would recommend that. Queues for that were minimal. Cons: The bedding was what I would call shabby. Sheets didn't reach the foot of the bed, and I wouldn't know what to call what was under the top duvet/comforter. It was clean but old - I have much nicer bedding at home which isn't what you expect from a name like Bellagio. Also do not lift items out from the fridge or tray on top: you will be charged whether you eat/drink them or not. I had a bottle of champagne delivered to the room as a present for my birthday, we made room in the fridge for it and the strawberries and come check out time - was presented with a huge long list of things we'd supposedly eaten or drunk! My other half did a good job of explaining but it was time consuming. All in all: I'd stay there again, if the Wynn or Encore was full!Things to do: Jersey Boys show was excellent, and I don't even listen to that music...as was La Reve. Bills Gambling Hall and Saloon was good fun with low tables and had a great day there learning craps and playing blackjack with fun croupiers.The Wynn and Encore have fabulous bars for happy hour - you WILL get drunk! Don't bother with $1 margaritas in the casinos or bars unless you like the taste. One restaurant stood out: the 1st floor of the Eiffel Tower was excellent. Go up at night to the top for beautiful views of the city.	
Aug 8 2009 	First time we stayed here....now we don't to stay anywhere else!	We travel to Vegas 2-3 times a year but this was our first time staying at the Bellagio and we absolutley loved it! The staff was great, the beds were very comfortable, our view was AWESOME and their pool area was beautiful. We tend to stay at the Mirage more than any other hotel on the strip but I think the Bellagio may be our new spot!	
Aug 7 2009 	Wonderful experience	Everything about our stay here was wonderful. The staff was pleasant and always available when we needed something. Our room was impecable. The entire hotel emits a feeling of class and grace, unlike anything else I've ever experienced. We will definitely return. The cost of a stay here is a little more than the other hotels in Vegas, but well worth every penny.	
Aug 7 2009 	So overrated much nicer hotels in Vegas	My partner and I stayed here for 4 nights. We were in vegas for a wedding and decided on the Bellagio for the name and its central location on the strip.After we checked in and got to our room we found there were items left behind from the previous occupants. Things like a journal, t-shirt, hair bands. Not what you want when you're staying at a 5 star hotel. We called reception got put through to another department and they reluctantly upgraded us because there were no other non-smoking standard rooms left.The new room wasn't much nicer but did have an amazing view. The only reason this review got 2 stars and not 1.We had friends staying at Caesars and their room was a hell of a lot nicer. The rooms in the Bellagio are very dark and dated. I'd recommend Caesars or Wynn over Bellagio.Agree with the previous review, the pool area was crowded. People just leave their dirty towels behind on sun loungers so its hard to know whether they're taken or if people have just been lazy. The pool staff really need to keep on top of the dirty towels and it was hard to get service from the drinks girl.The Buffet was good but waiting in line for an hour was not good.The restaurants were no better than other hotels. The cafe at Paris Paris is nicer than Bellagio's and slightly cheaper. And the views of the fountains are better at Paris Paris.Wouldn't stay here again, didn't live up to expectations.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great Penthouse Suite for a great price	Just came back from a stay in a two bedroom penthouse suite at the Bellagio and had a FANTASTIC experience. I'm mid 30s and went to celebrate my wedding anniversary with my husband and close friends. The room was in the main tower so I was worried that it might be a little &quot;rundown&quot; since the Spa Tower is newer but it was phenomenal. Everything state of the art, flat screens, ipod players in the alarm clocks and in the main stereo. It was all top notch. I've read some reviews that the Bellagio was starting to show wear and tear and we saw none of that. The service was also fantastic. The room came with limo service to and from the airport and line passes. Our view was of the pool and mountains and it was great. We stayed in a one bedroom Skyloft last year and they are great...but a LOT more expensive. Also the 2 bedrooms in our bellagio suite were totally equal...not one master suite and then an adjoining room, so everybody was very happy. Please check out my pics.	
Aug 6 2009 	Lovely hotel	Lovely hotel- rooms were very spacious, room service was delicious. Only negative was that the pool got very busy and you didnt always get a lounger.	
Aug 5 2009 	The Bellagio was a big disappointment	We were very let down by the atmosphere of the Bellagio. The hotel did not give us a real friendly welcome feeling.The casino personal are just amazingly rude and the pit bosses act very unprofessional and the security personal are the worse.I will never stay at the Bellagio again in this lifetime.I cant think of one positive thing to say about this hotel. The pools are crowded, chairs are saved and no one ever shows up. Smoke in the air by the pools is very thick at times.The food is very expensive and not very good. The buffet was a bit let down to us. We waited in line for an hour to get lunch and there was nothing we liked.The veggies were soft, the flank steak leather tough and the desserts overly sugary.I will try Encore and Wynn next time. The MGM corp is way in debt on the verge of clasping and they are cutting corners in their properties.The furniture and the room carpets were stained.The Bellagio has seen its best days.Dont stay there look elsewhere in my opinion.	
Aug 5 2009 	beautiful hotel	I would agree with everything the previous traveller said. It was also our first time in vegas for over 25 years and boy has it changed. check in was efficient but fairly impersonal when you were one of about 50 people checking in at about 15 check in desks. the hotel was always busy busy busy and heaving with people. the room was lovely, we also booked the cheapest, but the view was of about 6 flat roofs and only had a nice very distant view. the rooms were very quiet except for the slam of the heavy doors shutting. downstairs could have been any of the large hotels - wall to wall slot machines. everything was very expensive. we ate at the hotel buffet for $32 one evening but we had to queue for an hour before we were shown our table. hotel guests did not get precedence over other guests, you could not book and many people jumped the queue in a separate line for complimentary guests? we presumed they had won a free buffet whilst betting. the pool area is beautiful. they have 5 pools, large complimentary towels and plenty of sunbeds. overall a beautiful hotel, shop around for a good deal, but i wouldn't like to spend more than a couple of nights in Vegas	
Aug 4 2009 	great hotel Loved every minute	we stayed here 4th July weekend not the best time as streets were very busy , the Hotel was fabulous, our room 16016 overlooked the dancing fountains which we never tired of watching , the room was very spacious and immaculately serviced every day. The staff were friendly at all times. We made use of the pool every morning even though it was crowded at times it was still pleasant , if you could not find a chair there was staff to look for you, nothing was to much trouble for them you can even go down early in the morning and reserve chairs.there were plenty of eating places and were all of a great standard the only one we would not go to again was the all you can eat but if you like these types of meals it was good value.There was nothing free here but that is typical of most Hotels of this standard we stayed in around the world.there was only one porter who was a little sarcastic upon our departure and that was because we didn't tip him for putting our luggage in the Taxi remiss of us I guess but had already tipped one porter $10 for bringing our bags down from the room.We will stay here again for sure it was central to the strip get a day pass on the Deuce this will take you to many hotels. The only other hotel I would stay in would be Wynn but that is a little more pricey.Bellagio is not cheap but certainly I found it worth the money a little luxury was lovely for the end of our 3mth holidayWe went to Cirque O fantastic and in the hotel. the casino is very nice although we didn't even put a cent in a machine we were to busy to stop. we used the spa even got my husband to have a pedicure with me they treated us royally. Congratulations to the Bellagio	
Aug 4 2009 	A by-the-numbers Vegas casino resort	Really, there are only 2 contenders for 'not stupid money' top end Vegas hotels - this and The Wynn. This has larger rooms for the price. All clean, well maintained. Usually you can get some decent special offers. Nothing really to write home about but a great place to stay with a group of friends doing Vegas or a partner doing shows etc. Casino is mainly $25 minimum tables from memory which gets expensive quickly!!	
Aug 4 2009 	Stay here to escape the vegas madness	We stayed here in July and I would recommend it to anyone - it has the great combination of being in the hustle of vegas but allowing you to step out and relax in the clam and tranquility that pervades the palce outside of the main reception area.The rooms were great we had one overlooking the pool area, which is beautiful and has a real feel of an Italian villa. The breakfast buffet was fantastic ( even if noodles for breakfast took a bit of getting used to) and the noodle bar (just to show I have nothing against noodles!) was very good.I also visited the spa - which is huge very serene and just absolute luxury.If I ever went back to Vegas - i would stay here	
Aug 3 2009 	The Bellagio is luxury	Everything about the hotel oozes class and style. I don't know how anyone could have any complaints about it. It is a huge hotel but every member of staff you meet greet you with a smile and say hello. The rooms are spotless. I would recommend the hotel with no hesitation my whole stay was a pleasure. Thank you	
Aug 3 2009 	Beyond our wildest dreams for Luxury!	The most luxurious hotel on this planet!!!!We came to vegas for 4 nights after staying in New York for 3 nights.We had fairly high expectations for the Bellagio...and were not disappointed. there were eight of us travelling 4 girls and 4 boys, not one of us had any complaints and we can't wait to return!The rooms were breathe taking... 2 queen beds in our rooms and the most stunning bathrooms. All immaculately clean and luxourious.Concierge Desk was very helpful they assisted in booking beauty treatments in the hotel... its a must girlies even just getting your hair done. We had help from the desk getting us to the Stratosphere Restaurant.. must experience that! and the Grand Canyon helicopter flight. they also helped us to get reservations at the Smith and Wolenski Steak house... must go to the food is amazing!All of the hotel is quite a vision. The swimming pool area is magnificent numerous pools to choose from. the hotel is nicely positioned, you have easy access to the strip and it hotels so you can explore.The restaurant options are fab highly recommend the buffets, so much to choose from!We spent quite some time in the Yellow tail Bar newly opened at the time fab drink options.the fountains really do live up to the hype they were mezmerizing, must have watched them for hours. Overall the best hotel I have ever stayed in.. for the extra it costs to stay here its a must.	
Aug 2 2009 	5th Trip to Vegas - Bellagio so far the best	This was my 5th trip to Vegas and my first stay at the Bellagio. I have not stayed at the Wynn (yet), but I can tell you that Bellagio was easily the best hotel I've stayed in for my style and taste. Rooms:We had a great room in the Spa tower. I know that other reviewers had complained about the rooms being outdated and old, but this was not the case for us. Our room was classy, clean and appeared quite new. I can only assume they are in the process of renovating (did not see any evidence of that so I''m only guessing). If you can afford the &quot;fountain view&quot; then go for it. Pools:The pools and garden area are simply stunning. There are two types of pools, large heated rectangular pools and smaller square pools with very cold water. The cold water pools were greatly needed to cool you off from the intense 110 degree heat. There were lots of chairs and umbrellas and if you wanted to go down to the pool area at 8am, you could save a space under an umbrella with ease. Restaurants:Amazing restaurants and yes they are pricey - but what do you expect when you are staying at hotel like this. The Bellagio Buffet was my favorite with unlimited Champagne! Nothing starts the day off right then a glass of champagne with first class food.Location:Bellagio is located right in the heart of Vegas. Unlike the Wynn and Mandalay Bay which are located at either end of the strip, whether its walking or taking a cab, everything is close from the Bellagio. Like most people visiting Vegas, they are shopping, seeing shows, checking out other hotels or simply going for a walk, the location of the hotel can suddenly become quite important. Bellagio is in the perfect spot.Overall:When picking a place to stay in Vegas you have to match the hotel's features with your needs. Bellagio is normally one of the most expensive places to stay and so the type of people who stay there, the ambiance, the decor, the restaurants, etc.... are all going to reflect that. If you want to party, stay at the Hard Rock. If you want an up scale hotel that reflects that type of personality, then Bellagio is for you. I don't think it's for everyone, but from my experience it is the first hotel I would actually go back to in Vegas.	
Aug 2 2009 	Fantastic	May not be the cheapest place but surely the best, managed to get a good deal too !!. Quality of this hotel is just amazing	
Aug 1 2009 	Love love love the Bellagio but it is time to update.	Let me start by saying that I adore the Bellagio and would go back in a heartbeat! It has an understated elegance that so many hotels on the strip lack. Even the casino which in true Vegas style, you have to walk through to get anywhere, is subdued and elegant, not at all flashy and trashy like so many other places. The style of the hotel simply cannot be beaten. I found the staff to be extremely helpful and accommodating. Due to the downturn in the economy, we were able to snag a cabana for $150 for the day, had to haggle, but the concierge accommodated us. Well worth it as our pool day was a luxurious treat! The conservatory and botanical garden are lovely, a must see. We had a lake view room on the 12th floor, the view of the fountain show was amazing. We also had a fabulous view of the strip. I love the central location of the Bellagio also, very convenient. Now, as much as it pains me to complain about my beloved Bellagio, I feel I must. While the hotel is spectacular, construction was completed in 1998 and it does need updating. By today's standards, even lesser hotels have flat screen tv's, Bellagio does not, at least not in the rooms I have been in. Also, the carpeting and linens need to be replaced as they are starting to show wear. I feel that in order to keep it's unique elegance, it is time to spruce up a bit, it is starting to show age. The bathroom's are huge and wonderful, but in a space so large, double sinks would be more appropriate than the single sink most rooms have. For the price they charge for the rooms, it would be nice to have free WiFi, even the Days Inn has that.I would love to see MGM/Mirage invest some money in keeping Bellagio the spectacular resort it was built to be.	
Aug 1 2009 	The Bellagio was great with a discount	I have been to Las Vegas several times in the past few years. I travel with various family and friends, depending on the trip. I try to stay at different places on the strip. I had always passed the Bellagio and watched the fountains. I had been inside the Bellagio to sightsee and to attend the &quot;O&quot; show. I wanted to stay there, but thought it was a bit pricey. This year, I received a discount offer to stay at the Bellagio. I decided to give it a try with a small group of my extended family. We range in age from 27-63, so I thought there wold be something for everyone. Although there were constantly long lines at check-in, there were numerous people at the front desk. I waited about 5 minutes to check-in, which wasn't bad at all. I had printed out and brought my reservation paperwork with me, which made it easy. Our group got the two rooms that we booked without any problems. The rooms we selected were the Partial Lakeview Deluxe. We were in the Spa tower and overlooked the parking lot, a side view of the fountains, and the Las Veags strip. Overall, it was a nice view if you didn't look down at the parking lot. The rooms were decent. When they were new, I'm sure they were beautiful. However, they look like they need to be freshened up in some areas. For example, we found an empty Mountain Dew bottle on the floor and a huge stain on the carpet that looked like the soda spilled on there. Apparently, nobody noticed or cleaned it up before we checked in. In general, the carpets in the rooms looked worn as did the beds. They weren't the worst, but they weren't the best beds any of us had slept in. Honestly, our beds at home are much nicer. The bathroom was great! It was probably the best part of the room. There was plenty of space with double sinks and a double vanity. It was nice having a tub and a shower. Maid service and turn down service was adequate. In general, all of the service at the hotel was decent. The pools were beautiful and relaxing. Even though it's a huge hotel, there was enough room for everyone. We ate at the Bellagio Cafe for breakfast and lunch during our stay and the food was very good. The quality and price was what you'd expect from the Bellagio. In my group of six, everyone had a good time. We all agreed that we'd stay here again if we received the same offer that we did this time. If we had to pay full price to stay here, I'd probably go somewhere else like the Venetian, Palazzo, or Wynn. While the decor and amenities are beautiful, the rooms really are lacking for the full price and the 5 stars.	
Jul 31 2009 	Bellagio absolute luxury	We stayed for a week in a penthouse suite for a week and it was amazing! HUGE is an understatement. The staff were extremely helpful. The spa is great and I had the best massage had anywhere in the world. Such a place of tranquility in a busy place! The pool was great although I did feel I should have put full make up, hair and high heels just to go down there as it was pretty glamorous! The Executive Suite lounge we had access to was fantastic and took care of everything. The snacks and drinks they have are great especially the huge strawberries in chocolate!!! I ate a fair few. One of our best meals was at their restaurant the Prime Steakhouse. Wonderful food looking out on the famous fountains. I would definately reccommend this hotel for a luxurious stay.	
Jul 31 2009 	Must see/stay once	My husband and I just returned from a five day stay at the Bellagio in Las Vegas. We travel to vegas once a year. This was the first time we've stayed at Bellagio. We have stayed at Venetian, Mirage, Treasure Island, Flamingo.... so I think we can rate this hotel as one that you should visit for the right price. We received a good rate (97.50 a night) which made it affordable and we couldnt pass up that price. Although it is a beautiful hotel, I must say that the rooms are tired/old. We stayed in the Spa tower. Asked for an ugrade, but there was none to be had. I guess I could have complained about the pealing wall paper or the rug, but we are not in our room long so I just let it go. The bathroom was big, but the shower would not drain and the sinks were the same. We enjoy the sun and relaxing at the pool. The bellagio has a beautiful garden setting and about five pools. We never had a problem finding lounge chairs. The music was soft and although there were lots of people of all ages, all were very respectiful of others. There are signs that prohibit drinking in the pool which is nice. We ate at the buffet for breakfast (14.99) and lunch (19.99). The food was awesome! We also ate at the chocolate store which made crepes (approx $10). They were delicious as well. My only big complaint (for myself) was that this hotel is spread out and to get from one point to another is a long way to walk. We are walkers, however, by the time you get to the strip you've walked quite a bit. The internet is pretty pricey $15 but we asked the concierge to print our boarding passes and she was very pleasant and accomodating. Would I stay here again. No. Its just too big and spread out. The rooms at the Venetian are far better and the distance from room to casino/strip is much better at the Flamingo. I do think it is a must see once and if you get the opportunity and good price, go for it. Good Luck.	
Jul 31 2009 	A Fabulous Experience at Bellagio	Just returned from a 3-night get-a-way to Vegas -- a promotional package which included hotel, air and show tickets (reason for the 5 rating in value). This is our 4th trip to Vegas and have stayed at Venetian, Mandalay and Paris previously. Check-in (10 mins) and check-out was a breeze even though there were lots of people when we arrived. Staff was very friendly and helpful in the entire hotel. The resort as a whole is by far better than the others we stayed at. Rooms -- Splurge for the &quot;fountain view&quot;. Our room was on the 22nd floor and had a spectacular view of the fountain show every night and a great view of Paris and the Eiffel Tower. Nice view of the sunrise over the mountains as well. The room although not as roomy as Venetian's but much nicer view and as comfortable. Be aware of the mini bar (on sensors and will charge your room if you move anything).Food -- Good selection of restaurants. We ate a dinner buffet 1 night and the food was as expected for a buffet with a good variety from chinese, sushi, pizza, pasta, seafood, good desserts, etc (advice: either go early or later to avoid dinner rush). We also ate at Noodles, which had very good Asian food (the duck was excellent) and also good for a quick dinner or lunch (not much of a wait usually). Many of the other restaurants also offer a &quot;fixed&quot; price menu which may be a good option. Jean Phillippe is a very nice place to have coffee and fresh crepes in the morning as well as sandwiches and pastries at a very reasonable price.Pool &amp; Spa -- Pool area is beautiful with plenty of chairs. Went every morning (opens at 8) and loved the fact that 1 large pool is shaded by the hotel until about 11ish. If you prefer the sun, the other pools are completely unshaded. Pools are much more relaxing compared to Mandalay which has a wave pool and a lazy river and much more crowded. The spa is very nice as well and pretty comparable pricing to other spas.Casino -- Dealers are very friendly. Servers come around very frequent and in some cases brought another drink even when you didn't ask for one (excellent service). Some areas are pretty smoky but do have numerous non-smoking tables. Must walk though casino to get anywhere...Attractions -- Lobby is beautifully decorated with fresh flowers and glass flowers on the ceiling is stunning. Botannical Garden is very nice (nicer than Wynn's IMO) -- go early morning when less of a crowd and get some pretty pics. Try to see O if you can -- our package included tix to KA at MGM (which was amazing!). A prime location on the Strip but I would still recommend buying an all day bus ticket ($7/day) and beat the 110 degree heat. Take a trip down to Fremont Street at nite and enjoy lights and music!Bellagio was our best Vegas hotel/casino resort experience and quickly became our favorite!	
Jul 31 2009 	FAULTLESS	We visited there in mid June and had a wonderful time . The staff were always freindly and helpful. The hotel itself was amazing . The pools were of a good size and the Buffett is the best on the strip . I would go back there again in a heartbeat	
Jul 31 2009 	Mediocre	We had to wait in line for 40 minutes and received a room in the back. I guess these were older rooms with 25 in. TVs and closet size room. The service at the hotel was non caring and when I complained to the service manager at the end of our stay she just shrugged us off. After Steve Wynn sold the place, its gone downhill.	
Jul 31 2009 	Upgrade to the Fountain View!	Stayed here in June with my Fiance in June and made the right decision to upgrade to a fountain view room. The show plays throughout the day and night and you never get sick of the fountains going off to clever accompanying music greats.The rooms are nice and big and well serviced. This is a very big property and you never get bored. There is easy access next door to Ceasars where there is lots of shopping to do! The Buffet is also an experience you should try while you are there, although you have to line up like everyone else even though you ae a guest. The Casino downstairs if fantastic with all the old favourites available to play. The casino and hotel are always very busy with guests, tourists groups and people in general wanting to see the famous casino and the fountains never fail to draw a crowd.Other drawcard for this property is that it is situated right in the center of the strip with Ceasars and a new development on either side and Bills and Flamingo across the road. All other casinos on the strip are in good walking distance	
Jul 30 2009 	great!!	it is a great place in the great and crazy Las Vegas , the view from my room at 11th floor was incredible it was like to be into a movie!	
Jul 29 2009 	Probably as good as anywhere else in Las Vegas	I stayed here on a weekend trip. We had one of the Salone suites, which are on the corners of the building. This was my first trip to Las Vegas, and the city as a whole was not really my kind of place. That said, the coolest thing in the city was the Bellagio fountains, and our room had a spectacular view of them.The first day we arrived in the afternoon, went out to dinner and walked around the city, and returned around 9PM to find that they had opened the window in our room, dimmed the lights, and turned on the television to the channel with the fountain music. Watching the fountains was really fun. This hotel is nice (ultimately, a hotel is just a hotel), its in a good location, and it has a view of the coolest attraction. If you are going to Las Vegas, I recommend it.	
