Jan 6 2009 	Will Return My Next Trip	Made it a point this trip to visit North Vegas with some friends and found Jerry's Nugget to be a great place. I had a bowl of New England Clam Chowder in the diner and it was very, very good. Waitress was very friendly and pleasant. Loved the casino especially the nickel VP which I just recently started playing. I really liked the vibe of Jerry's and will return again and again.	
Jun 4 2007 	wire in food	found wire in my food , treated terrible by staff for complaining never finished the meal, I asked for apology and refund I did not recieve either	
May 17 2005	Poor service from the Cocktail Waitresses	I was at your casino the very first time, May 12th in the evening. I was gambling on the slot machines with a friend, even with asking the change personel several times to get a waitress for cocktails, we couldn't get service even after spending several hundreds of dollars. I wouldn't recommend gambling here till the Casino pledges to improve their extremely poor cocktail staff service.	
Mar 25 2004	Jerry's Nugget Las Vegas	I had been Jerry's Nugget on five occasions. I like the restraurant in the casino. The gambling in March 2004 was not that great because their slot machines were not up-to-date and the pay out was not that great. They need to install more new machines.	
Aug 10 2003	Bad Dining Experience	I have been visiting Jerry's Nugget for over 20 years and have not had a bad dining experience until Saturday 9 Aug 03. When I first arrived at Nellis AFB in 1982, I asked where I could get the best prime rib and the almost unanimous responsewas Jerry's Nugget. I like my prime rib medium rare and grilled and that's the way I ordered it on 9 Aug. When the meal arrived, the rib was medium rare but not grilled. I finally flagged down the waiter and brought this to his attention. He agreed that I had ordered it grilled and returned the rib to the kitchen. All this time my wife was consumingher meal and commenting how good it was adding to my dispair. About 10 minutes later, the rib was brought back out and in deed it was grilled but only on one side. The ungrilled side was down like it was being hidden. I waited until the waiter came by again and asked him if it was normal to grill only on one side. He said it was not. I requested the rib be returned to the kitchen a second time and I wanted a fresh piece of rib properly cooked, not that one just thrown back on the grill. Another 10 minutes past before the rib was returned. It was a different piece of meat, medium rare and grilled on both sides. Unfortunately it was a smaller piece and appeared to be an end cut as it was more done on one side than the other. By this time, my wife had finished her meal and my steak fries were cold.I asked to speak to the manager who agreed to ordered me fresh fries. By the time my new fries arrived, I had eaten all of the prime rib I wanted and was ready to leave. After waiting for several more minutes, I asked a bus boy to get our ticket from the waiter so we could leave as he did not seem interested in serving us any longer.I was very disappointed with the meal and the service. Would this experience keep me from dining a Jerry's Nugget again, maybe. I will think twice when the wife asks me where I want to eat next time.	
Dec 7 2002	Good solid gambling fare at Jerry's	Jerry's Nugget is the type of place where if you gamble there every day for 35 years, then drop dead, they will put a framed photo up of you near the check-in desk. And by the looks of all the framed late gamers, they appear to get regulars who come back for years and years. It's a good solid room for gaming, eating or what-have-you. Whenever I'm in Vegas which is at least once a year, I always stop in at least once and sometimes twice. Nothing too exciting going on here but then again sometimes thats exactly what the doctor ordered. Great low-key, kicking back type of hang. Nothing pretentious, just a good class act. You get the point I'm sure.	
