Nov 8 2009 	Nice surprise!	I didn't know what to expect from Hotel32 and was pleasantly surprise by this hotel. It delivered on the promises made in the marketing email I received!	
Oct 30 2009 	Nice but way overpriced	I have stayed in some nice penthouses on the strip including my favorite the skylofts at MGM. I stayed in a 2 bedroom penthouse at hotel 32 and even though it was nice it was average. The cost was $1200 per night. The skylofts run from $600 --$1250 per night for a 2 floor 2 bedroom penthouse. The only thing that was better in this room over the other penthouses were the bathrooms. They could of used a better TV in the bathrooms but that aside they were nice. Hotel 32 prides themselves on saying they are a sister to the Skylofts. Well in this comparrison the Skyloft is a bikini model and Hotel 32 is the pretty girl next door that just has that 1 weird thing about her that you just can't really put your finger on LOL. I would visit again if the room was more like $400-$500 per. No extras like free beverages or snacks in your room. They do offer some free treats all day down the hall. I didn't find anything in there I was crazy about but they do go the extra mile in there for you. Very nice people. They cater to you but don't crowd you like the skylofts. One thing I disliked and find trashy is the bathroom is all glass even the entrance door to the bathroom. I don't and I repeat don't want to see someone going to the bathroom. The bathroom should have a wooden door. It's like this in a regular suite also I was told. No women is that pretty to be seen using a bathroom.......now add 15 years of marriage to that and it gets sadder LOL. Didn't use the pool. They have a floating river and wave pool but its very small. Mandalay bay has the same type of pool area but the wave and river pools are much much larger then Monte carlo (hotel 32). The casino was fun but very low maximum bets. $50 on 3 card poker and Let it ride. The tables had low minimun bets though $5 and $10. The slots were very loose. One other thing. The web site makes the penthouses seem better then they really are. They are nice but at a reasonable rate. Have fun.	
Oct 11 2009 	Low key hotel with great location on the Vegas Strip	I have stayed in Vegas many time but never at the Monte Carlo. It was a great value during the over priced Labor Day weekend. It was a low key hotel. You can't beat the location.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great rooms and service	I stayed at Hotel 32 in the 1200 sqft Loft suite and it was fantastic. My stay was comped but these rooms normally go for $600 a night. All 4 nights of my stay were quiet and comfortable. If you book a room at Hotel 32, they will send a limo to pick you up from the airport and take you to the main Monte Carlo entrance. There a suite assistant will greet you and escort you to the 32nd floor to check in. There is almost never any line up at the hotel 32 front desk. The assistants will take you for a tour of your room and teach you how to use the LCD control box to turn on the TV's, lights and drapes. Even the shower is electronic! I was impressed. The bed was extra comfy.The Monte Carlo itself is a very quiet casino compared to the others on the strip. In the evenings, other hotels would be full of people gambling, walking around, drinking, etc. The Monte Carlo just didn't compare, especially in the category of having beautiful people around. Sigh. The gambling for this trip was fantastic for me and I was able to leave Las Vegas as a winner. Drink service at the tables were average and the dealers on the most part were friendly and wanted you to win. I ate at the 24 hour Cafe and the Pub once and the food was above average. Didn't try the buffet but I've had it before in prior trips and it was ok. I saw Terry Fator and Love this trip and I liked Terry Fator the best. Love was kind of boring for me but I'm not old enough to appreciate the Beatles.Overall my stay at Hotel 32 was great. My room, food and beverage was all comped. I highly recommend Hotel 32 as a great floor to stay on but the casino itself could be a little more alive.	
Aug 26 2009	Hotel 32 - A New Hotel and a good experience	I have to be in Las Vegas for business and having stayed in most of the hotels I am keen to try the new ones. I heard about Hotel 32 on the top of the Monte Carlo a few weeks ago and it got me excitied.In the last week I was able to experience it, the process is very cool. Once you book they called me to arrange the free limo trip from the airport ( I love this as I hate the taxi line). When I arrived my suite assistant took me to the hotel on the 32 floor. They have a lounge where I was offered a drink and snacks etc.Then Amber ( the suite assistant) took me to my Studio 51, the room is decorated in a cool white colour scheme and it had a massive long blue sofa. They gave me a fruit arrival ammenity and free Voss water.That night I got a turn down and a small chocolate plate was left for me in my room. Breakfast was great in the lounge and I could see them building City Centre.I had a great stay in the hotel, the team are working hard to make this special and it was- I will return if only for the Limo ride	
