Nov 15 2009 	Perfect place to visit Red Rock Canyon	The hotel is new and well maintained, the stuff friendly. Rooms are clean and spacious, breakfast was as you can expect a complimentary continental breakfast. This is the perfect place to stay if you want to visit Red Rock, Valley of Fire, or Lake Mead. You need a car to go to the strip. The hotel is quiet, and has no gambling. There are many shoppings mall nearby, and a few restaurants. You can escape LV avoiding the heavy downtown traffic.	
Oct 27 2009 	Nice room and comfortable beds	Stayed here one night. Hotel is off the road noise was not a problem. Check in and check out went very fast. Breakfast had a nice selection. Business center is nice and private. Would stay here again. Rooms are large.	
Mar 22 2009 	Nice little business hotel	This hotel is just what you look for in an economy business hotel. Nice breakfast in the morning, free wireless internet, clean rooms with fridge/microwave/toaster, inexpensive, and clean. The beds aren't that great, but the rest is very good.	
Dec 13 2008 	pleasant stay	Spent 6 nights there as our daugther and family live in re rock so it was really convenient.No complaints about road noise or anything else.It was priced right and continental breakfast was very good.I have stayed at la quinta before and will in the future and as grandkids grow up would stay here on a regular basis for our cross country trips to visit.	
Oct 21 2008 	Needs major revamping	The staff was nice and check-in went smoothly, but the hotel is really not up-to-par.My room was not clean, the rug was so used that there were patches of carpet in several places. The bathroom was dirty.I don't often stay in value hotels, but this can't be as good as it gets.	
Oct 9 2008 	A delightful experience	I arrived a little early, but a room was ready for me. The desk staff was always cordial and friendly.The room was very very clean. Cleaner than my own house! But that's another review. There is absolutely no street noise from Sahara Avenue ... the hotel is set back perhaps 300 yards from the street (maybe more, I'm not that good at estimating distance). I also heard little to no noises coming from other rooms (I was in 102). It would not recommend rooms 100 and 101 as they are near the back doors (key card required to enter) and although the doors closed fairly easily, they did make a little noise upon closing.The breakfast was quite good if you like carbs! Well, not quite true because there was also yogurt and fruit every day. I stayed there three nights and my only possible complaint would be that there was no hair conditioner, only shampoo.Oh, I was surprised the first morning to find an Internet copy of my hometown newspaper slipped under the door. What a nice touch!	
Aug 27 2008	Nice sized rooms but had my first encounter w/ BED BUGS!!!!!	My husband and I were very impressed with the size of the room, small kitchen and sofa area. Very nice hotel to work from. However, on my first evening, I woke up several times scratching. I own an organic boutique and travel with my own pillows and sheets because of allergies to washing detergents. I was surprised by the scratching but thought little of it until I actually felt a crawling on my arm. I turned on the light and thought I had a spider of some sort on me. Looked closely and it didn't have enough legs to be a spider- looked more like a tick but tiny. So I jumped out of bed, killed the bug and put it in the hotel plastic cups they provide. I went down to the front desk and asked to speak to a manager. I was told they would be in at 9am. I calmly explained the situation (after all it's not the front desks fault) and she offered to switch rooms which we did immediately. I looked up bed bugs on the internet and the little bug is identical to the not quite oval shape they show. At this point I am still not sure it was a bed bug as internet pictures are not proof but surely a hotel manager would know. I told the front desk that I had the bug for them to check out and also to give to the manager my message. No manager phone call all day. I was at a convention but my husband was in the room the whole day and they had my cell number. I call at 6 when I got home and the manager had already left, was told would be at another property the next day but I could leave a voicemail.I told the front desk agent that I would suggest calling the manager to give my message personally. I was immediately called back telling me the Front Desk Manager was impowered to help me and that he would be in tomorrow. When I asked &quot;when?&quot; I was told, &quot;ohhhh 2:30 - you will already be checked out. Sorry.&quot;I called La Quinta customer service at their 1800 number and she actually said &quot;well I think the front desk agent took care of the problem by putting you in another room.&quot; I asked isn't their a policy that when you request a call from a manager that they actually phone you back. She avoided the question stating that she could put in a request that would be handled within 3 days. I told her I expressed that I wasn't looking for a comp, no free anything. I would just think that the hotel would actually want to see the bed bug and would follow up saying that they did a thorough cleaning/steaming of the room in accordance of health codes and hope that I would stay with them again. I wanted to hear that because I like the hotel. I like the location in west Las Vegas - far from the strip. It has a cold stone nearby that my husband LOVES. Overall - dissappointed at the customer service and absolutely no assurances that the bed bugs were taken care of so we will never book at this hotel again and I will write every review possible so that they will take care of any problem and perhaps others can enjoy this hotel in the future.	
Apr 10 2008 	Good stay	Although I only stayed one night at La Quinta, what I saw of it was v.good and excellent for value. Our room was v.large and fairly modern with two massive king size beds. If I were visiting Las Vegas again I would definately choose to stay here.	
Apr 9 2008	Resonse to visit in November	As the General Manaer of the hotel I would like to respond to the traveler that rated my property in November. The hotel the guest was referring to is actually located on Tropicana. We are located in the upscale Lakes community just east of Summerlin. Our hotel is setback, approximately 100 yards from Sahara and I can guarantee that no street noise is evident from the property.	
Feb 19 2008 	Pleasant change from typical Vegas casino hotel stays	I visit Las Vegas by automobile monthly for a week of business and this particular La Quinta is a welcome, comfortable and convenient 'home away from home'. There are 6 restaurants, 4 fast food venues and a multi-screen theater in the adjacent shopping mall. A Whole Foods Market is 3-minutes driving nearby and a food court visit there helps break up the monotony of regular business travel when I actually taking advantage of a suite's sofa and table. I usually avoid casino/hotel lodging and the hospitality at this particular LQ will bring you back. I have never become aware of traffic 'rumble' as the property sets back over a block from Sahara Blvd. The management and staff actually understand 'hospitality', a concept rapidly disappearing from too many chain hotels, regardless of size. Try it and you'll like it!	
Nov 29 2007 	Excellent place	I wonder if I stayed at the same place as the previous reviewer. The hotel is set well back off the road in an expensive looking neighborhood. The room was quite large and well appointed, as was the tv. Everything seemed spotless. The breakfast was amazing. If this was continental, I can't imagine what a full breakfast would be like. They even had hard-boiled eggs and sausage rolls in addition to make your own waffles. Short of a full breakfast buffet, I've never seen a breakfast so good. The staff was obliging, upgrading our room when we were unhappy with what we received. Booking on the hotel's own website is important if there's a mistake. I've found this at other hotels too - they are not thrilled with you if you use a secondary site and the prices aren't necessarily cheaper. The value here is quite good too.	
Nov 23 2007	Expensive for conditions	Just passing through one evening with dogs -- only place in Vegas thatwe could find that would take dogs. Room was average size, only averagely clean. We were on side facing Sahara and traffic was VERY loud. Sirens all night and cars zooming by non-stop. TV was small and old. Staff was fine. We didn't spend anytime in lobby or elsewhere in hotel. Neighborhood seemed a little sketchy as well, but then again.... you're in Vegas.	
Sep 26 2007 	Great place to regroup	We stayed here twice in September, a week apart. The 2nd occasion was booked, the 1st one we called from the road. We had just finished a backpacking trip in the Grand Canyon and wanted a hotel for the night before moving to the strip. Rooms were large and clean; staff was exceptionally helpful; breakfast was above average. But the clincher for us was the well equipped laundry. The 2nd stay was again after more backpacking and at the end of our trip. We arrived early and a room was not ready, but the staff came up with something very quickly and even followed us out into the car park to let us know. We did a show on the Strip and the drive is manageable. The trip to the airport was about 3/4 hour at rush hour so this a good alternative to the airport motels.There are restaurants, a pharmacy and other shops within walking distance. Area is safe and its a straight run down Sahara to the Strip. Excellent value for money.	
Sep 17 2007	Nice Suites at an Affordable Price	If you are looking for a suite, instead of a cramped room, at an affordable price, then this hotel is definitely a very viable option. The room had a full kitchen, sofa and a comfortable bed. For the same price of a standard room on the strip, you get a nice studio apartment. They offered free pastries and juices to guests of the hotel in the lounge area.As far as location goes, the hotel is located within a mile of the Red Rock, Suncoast and Rampart casinos. It's right near an art museum and movie theatre, so plenty of family fun nearby.The strip is about 15 minutes away by car.If you are Jewish, the hotel is located right next to the Young Israel of Las Vegas. So this is a great place to stay for Shabbat.I highly recommend this hotel for small families who don't want to be stuck in a cramped room or be next to the craziness of the strip.	
Aug 29 2007	Nice place especially when traveling with pets	I have stayed at this LQ about four times now in 2007. The longest was for four nights when I was moving to California and had a friend and my three cats with me. The cats loved the windows because the sills were wide enough for them to sit in and watch the world go by.The rooms are nice, large, and well equipped. The free internet is a definite plus. They've always been clean and I especially like the rooms that come with a full kitchen.Only complaint I have is the most recent trip when I reserved a room with two beds. When we arrived in Las Vegas I called the LQ to let them know we were in town but wouldn't be able to check in until midnight as we were going to a show. I didn't want them to give my room away because they thought I wasn't coming. And by the way, it was a free room because I was using my LQ points to pay for it. When we arrived at midnight and checked in, there was only one bed in the room. We called down and he said the sofa was a pull-out and they were sorry there were no rooms with two beds we could move to. Okay, it was after midnight, and it was a free room so we could make do. However, the sofa wasn't a pull-out. It was just a sofa. Fortunately, my friend said she slept on her sofa all the time, usually in the company of a dalmation, so having it all to herself would be fine. The next morning she said it was very comfortable. It would have been nice to have the room I reserved, but it all worked out fine.	
Jul 9 2007 	Great shabbat hotel in Vegas	The La Quinta is a very nice facility. The rooms are clean and spacious. They have the free breakfast and the free Internet. No laundry facilities, though.They have hard keys for the sabbath and they need to be left at the front desk. Problem is after 10pm on Friday night one needs to use a keycard to get the front doors to open so one has to knock to get them to open the doors. There are two synagogues right next door - the Young Israel and a newer one lead by Rabbi Ever, which is in an office building in front of the LaQuinta.If you need to stay over shabbat in Las Vegas, the best option is to move to the LaQunita. During the week, it is 25 minutes from the Strip so it is a bit far for most people.	
Jun 18 2007 	We loved this place!	We thought this place was the best we stayed in out of 6 total hotels/motels we stayed at during a recent road trip.Had a nice big room with kitchen/living area/king bed on the first floor, which was very convenient as we had a dog. Everything was new, clean and in great shape! The kitchen was well-stocked. I liked the fact they gave us 4 towels in the room (where most other places in this price range tend to give you only 2, which is a pain!)(the La Quinta website for this location has accurate pictures of what this place looks like--if anything, I think it looks better in person.)The staff was very helpful &amp; accommodating during check-in. Includesa breakfast which is more than continental &amp; very well run and stocked. Free internet access! It's in a good part of town (unlike our last stay where we were near the L.V. convention center. Scary!) BUT it is NOT close to the gambling/Strip if that's what you're there for. It's a good 9 miles west of the Strip down a very busy main street. But if I were in Las Vegas to gamble I would probably still stay here again because it's nice to be away from all &quot;action&quot; after a while.Cost us $107 (incl tax) which I thought was very reasonable for what you got. Highly recommend!	
May 5 2007 	No complaints	Stayed at the La Quinta West for 2 nights. No complaints, my room was in order, very clean, bed comfortable etc. Service was good, check-in and out were very quick. The free breakfast was good, they had waffle makers for a fresh addition to the usual spread. Pool and hot tub were nice, although they are located in a fenced off area by the parking lot, but the sky still made for a good view overhead, and there were some cute tables making a little patio between the hotel and pool areas. The &quot;all-suites&quot; setup is nice. In my low-end room, there wasn't much of a division of space between the bed and the rest of the room, but there was a couch, desk and a large residence-inn (minus the dishwasher) style kitchen including full-size fridge and dishes. I would definitely stay there again if I was in the area. There are numerous restaurants, stores, pharmacies etc very nearby, and it is convenient to the western suburbs, heading out to Red Rock Canyon or west on to Death Valley and CA.	
