Aug 26 2009 	Would stay again	As there are not many reviews on this property I thought I would add my own. We received an e mail the week before we arrived giving us details of the resort and the opportunity for questions. I did ask if they provided pool tools as could not see this mentioned anywhere on the website, i received a quick reply to say that they did, I think this was a nice touch The apartment was very nice and clean, we had a 2 bedroom on the top floor for 2 weeks. Although we were close to the main road, we weren't bothered by any noise. We did have to ask for the unit to be cleaned after the first week, which they did so eventually. you can exchange your room or pool towels for clean ones at reception during the day and we found all the staff very helpful and courteous. The pool was lovely and quiet, and although they don't have a bar or any snack/eating facilities you could take your own beers and food down to the pool from your unit (all of which are very close proximity to the pool area) which we prefer to do anyway. We had everything we needed in the unit and used Smiths supermarker down the road (turn left out of the property and it is just past the lights) don't bother with Albertsons, its very small with hardly anything, Smiths is huge and has everything you could want there. We only used the shuttle once as we had a car, it was very hot in August but it didn't bother us as everything was so well cooled with the a/c. We stayed in Treasure Island on the strip for 2 nights just to experience it, but we couldn't wait to get back to Worldmark with all the conveninces of home (the strip rooms are just that, room only, not even tea/coffee making facilities so Starbucks make a fortune !!!) and the lovely quiet pool area that stays open until 10pm, lovely for a late night dip. Although the units are quite dated we loved it there, the only gripe would be that they need to provide at least 1 full lenghth mirror in the unit somewhere, we only had the mirror in each bathroom and the lighting wasn't that good, I had to sit out on the balcony with a small mirror to put my make up on !!!! I would recommend it though as it is a lovely 'off strip' place to stay.P.S Don't get the popularity of 'In N Out Burger' down the road, its no different than McDonalds in quality !!!!!Outback restaurants are good especially the one opposite the Mirage, not too expensive and lovely ribs	
May 17 2009 	Off strip but nice place	Stayed here in April 2009 with a group of 6 women to celebrate a 40th birthday. The property was nice, enjoyed the pool and (2) hot tubs, and appreciated the free internet-enabled computers in the lobby (which I used to check in and print boarding passes, but also let me check up on facebook - hee). We stayed in a 2-bd unit which also had a murphy bed and couch, so we all fit in there. Did not hear any noise from neighboring units at all. The shuttle service to the strip was great - picked up and dropped off right at Caesars and the shuttle drivers were hilarious. However, it is a little different staying off strip since you have to time your activities with the shuttle which departed property on the hour and picked up on the half hour (or was that the opposite?), except for one hour during their break, and one hour when the shuttle runs guests to the grocery store. The property itself doesn't have any slots or gambling so unless you spend a lot of time off property, it doesn't seem like you're in Vegas (could be a plus for some, especially those traveling with kids). There were BBQ facilities throughout the property with sign-up time sheets on each. Overall, enjoyed my stay but would choose to stay on-strip in the future just for the convenience.	
May 11 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	Our annual supercross trip to Vegas included 1 mom and 3 teenagers. We usually stay at the Venetian, but used my timeshare in Vegas for the first time and I was very pleasantly surprised. Exiting the fwy heading to the resort was not a pleasant sight and had me worried, but when we arrived at the resort, it was actually quiet and away from heavy traffic areas. Check- in was very fast, friendly and convenient, the service area included access to the pool area, gym and free internet access. Everyone was very friendly. I reserved a one bedroom special needs room on the bottom floor, it was very clean. There is a Murphy bed and sofa can fit one small person, but is not a sofa sleeper (at least not in our room) The 1 bedroom can truly fit 4 comfortably. The grounds were immaculate, the boys preferred this site over a casino, and were frequent visitors of the pool and gym. BBQ area clean and fast-food and market close by to stock the fridge. I would visit again.	
Mar 15 2009 	Very nice place	We stayed here from December 27-30, 2008. Unfortunately we had to stay elsewhere since New Year's Eve was booked. We had gone to a Worldmark timeshare presentation a year earlier and purchased a &quot;trial&quot; stay. We decided on this location and were pleasantly surprised. Aside from the odd small sofa in the living room area, and the too large dining room furniture, we did enjoy having an apartment to ourselves for the few days we were here. A great bonus was the small washer and dryer provided in the unit, so we didn't need to pack as much as we did. The grounds are very nice and there were several barbecue areas that we didn't take advantage of, but were always kept clean. We were on the second floor, but the flights of stairs are short so it wasn't a problem bringing up our luggage.We did have to sit through a timeshare meeting, but it was quick and painless and after we said &quot;no&quot; we were thanked and could continue our vacation. Our sales rep was Kelly, a gorgeous guy, so if you get him for a sales meeting enjoy! Our only qualms with the place was that they did not provide any sundries in the bathroom. No shampoo, conditioner or hand cream. The kitchen was well supplied with dishes and cooking equipment, which is a big money saver since we went to Wal-Mart for groceries. There is no maid service when staying only so many days, which is fine. We weren't that far from the garbage and recycling area so we kept the place clean ourselves. Plus we always felt like it was &quot;our home&quot; while we were there, not some place that always had someone popping in when we were out. Whenever we needed more coffee or dishwasher detergent, the front desk staff gladly provided them.The location is a bit away from the Strip, but we liked getting away from all the casinos and noise at the end of the day. If you can get a good rate for this place, I would highly recommend it. I don't know if it's worth being an owner, though. Not a smart investment these days considering the economy.	
Aug 4 2008 	Great resort away from the glitz and glam	Some friends and I stayed at this resort this past April for a combined convention trip and girlfriend getaway. The resort and rooms were very nice and clean. We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite which was slightly small but very nice. There were 4 of us and it was enough space. The rooms were nicely decorated and had ample closet space. They also had a full kitchen and washer and dryer and we got use out of both. It was really convenient and saved us money not having to eat out all the time. The resort had a pool, multiple jacuzzi's and a bbq area. The front desk staff was extremely helpful as were the shuttle drivers. I especially liked the business center with free internet access. I also liked that they offered free shuttle service to the strip. The public bus to the strip also stopped right in front of the resort, so there were multiple transportation options for those that didn't drive. The location of the property was also great because it was away from the strip but not in a completely deserted area. The resort is walking distance to 2 strip malls and the Orleans. We were able to get massages and pedicures and not pay those high strip prices. The only thing I disliked was that there were no elevators. Our room was on the top floor and lugging all our luggage upstairs was tiring. Other than that this resort was great and really felt like a home away from home. I would definitely stay here again.	
