Nov 13 2009 	Fairly good but some improvements could be made.	I read the other reviews before staying at this hotel, and it appears most of them are true. The staff is great, the hotel is in reasonably good condition and the beds are reasonably comfortable. The king room I was in, was small. The suite was roomy.You can hear the planes, but to me it wasn't a big deal.You can REALLY hear people walking around on the floor above. I don't know if they have paper floors or what.If the person beside you is noisy, you can hear them too. The fellow beside me decided to have a loud conversation before 7 in the morning and then decided to whistle a tune at 7 am. I could hear this from the part of the suite that was not the bed, which was better than it could have been. Fortunately, he checked out.Maids - reasonably good, but they forget things, so you wonder what else they are forgetting. They should not &quot;forget&quot; about the ice bucket 50% of the time, the coffee machine 20% of the time, the soap 12% of the time.Breakfast - at least one of the cooks is not very good. The other ones seem to be fine, so you &quot;may&quot; get a substandard omelette.Courtyard Cafe - better priced than most. Actually a lot better priced than most.Laundry - there is only one washer and one dryer. One wonders why there is only one of each.Shuttle - fairly good, but expect to still pay for cabs quite a bit.Internet - usable, free, but fairly slow. Fine for surfing, skype didn't work very well. They reset it at 9 am, so if you're working or on an onlilne meeting, don't be surprised if you have to reset. You'd think that they would have it reset at check out time, would make more sense.TV - old style, but lots of channels. No fancy stuff.In Room Safe: Nice to have, but $3 a day. Used to having them for free, but I guess it is better than the per use charge you get at some hotels.Pool area: If there are noisy boisterous people there (and there will be), and you are overlooking the pool, you'll likely hear every word.Electrical outlets - they have lots of them. Most of them are 20 amp.Cell coverage - good in the hotel from what I can see.Air conditioning - it wasn't hot out, but they seem to be good units.Overall, I recommend this hotel, but I'm surprised at some of the things that could be easily improved.	
Oct 7 2009 	What you expect from Courtyard	This was a great place to stay off strip while I attended a conference at Mandalay. The shuttle was very convenient, althought I did end up taking cabs back from the north strip. Las Vegas Town Center was a nice place to go and you can get some groceries at Whole Foods over there, just ask the shuttle to drop you off. Quality is what you expect from Courtyard, very solid. I very much prefer to be able to get out of the casinos when in Las Vegas.You do have to travel for food though, there is nothing within walking distance, except the onsite restaurant.	
May 28 2009 	A great night sleep	After a nightmare with a SouthWest airlines, we had to stay in Vegas for 4 hours in the middle of the night before our next flight. This Courtyard by Marriott hotel was very comfortable and quiet. The bed was one of the best ever! Even at 2am, they have a nice offering of snacks and Tim, the night auditor was so FANTASTIC! He arranged our early morning taxi pick up, and was so friendly. Off the strip, but only 10 minutes from the airport- great place to stay! Thanks so much!	
May 22 2009 	Good "off strip" base	We chose somewhere off the strip as we wanted to explore the wider area and would only be going on the Las Vegas Strip at night. I find the large strip hotels annoying and confusing and just wanted somewhere to sleep and shower. The hotel was good value, clean and well located for drivers, there was also a shutlle bus which we did not use. There was some aircraft noise but it stopped later at night and did not bother us. My only complaint would be that we intended to eat in the hotel restaurant only to find it had closed early and this happended two out of the three nights of our stay.	
Apr 23 2009 	Good for the busines traveler who doesn't need any frills or extras	Pros: Has a daily shuttle to Mandalay Bay and the airport. Far enough off the strip to miss the traffic. Great staff. Nice full breakfast with made to order eggs, meat, fruit, oatmeal, etc . . .24 hour market to purchase snacks or drinks. On-site bar (very small) and has a dinner menu with one appetizer, entree and dessert. Beds are comfortable. Free wi-fi in the rooms.Cons: Small fitness center, no free weights. Thin walls, one night I woke up at 4am when my neighbors alarm went off and then I could hear the shower running, packing, etc . .also, on a windy night if you are on the top floor you can hear squeaking coming from the vents in the bathroom. The hotel has been renovated but the old window A/C remains, not central air. You can digitally set it but it is a large piece of equipment that faces the bed so the A/C is blowing right in your face.	
Apr 22 2009 	Nice new hotel but plane noise!	We stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights on a 'road trip' from California as part of our six week trip to the US last summer. The hotel is new, clean and comfortable with all the usual Courtyard amenities. The pool area is particularly impressive! The hotel was a little bit of a nightmare to get into but OK once you know where you were going! We did, however, find it noisy on the two nights we stayed there, maybe it was just our room location, but all night we heard planes taking off and landing from the nearby airport. Also, we had a fire alarm go off and had to call reception one night but this was quickly resolved. It felt a little impersonal but this could be because we were only there a short while. The hotel location is good, there is a shuttle bus that takes you to the Strip, however, we just used that car, there are plenty of car parks along the Strip.A nice clean hotel and we would stay again, hopefully with less noise!	
Oct 24 2008 	Fantastic Hotel!!!	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and had a wonderful experience. The entire hotel was very clean, including the outside. The pool was really nice looking, although I didn’t have a chance to enjoy it this trip. The staff was friendly and accomodating. In fact, I had a hole in my suitcase and so that it wouldn’t rip further, I asked the front desk attendant if he had any duct tape and he went in search of and found some for me to use. Also, I had an issue with printing my boarding pass for my return flight and he helped me with that too. There is a breakfast buffet (for a fee). It looked nice but I did not dine in the hotel. It is not far from the strip but I wouldn’t suggest trying to walk to it. I stayed in room #306, which has a balcony that overlooks the courtyard area where the pool is. Nice to sit and have your morning coffee while the sun comes up, if you’re an early riser. I would definitely recommend this hotel and am hoping to stay here again real soon. Love that this is a COMPLETELY NON SMOKING hotel.Also, definitely worth mentioning - Check out the Donny and Marie show at the Flamingo. It is high energy and variety. They are still fantastic entertainers and I don’t think you’d be disappointed. It’s more wholesome than many of the shows on the strip and you wouldn’t be embarrased to take your kids to it. Fun for the whole family.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great experience!	I travel VERY often for work but was in Las Vegas for a wedding. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The front desk staff and dining staff were more than accomodating. The room seemed clean. There is a shuttle every 1/2 hour going to the LV strip. I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 13 2008 	Nice hotel - convenient clean quiet	The hotel is convenient to the airport, the strip, and highway 15. I was attending a conference and can't stand staying the huge casino hotels, so thought I'd try this one. The hotel was very nice for the money. A very friendly and helpful staff, convenient parking, clean property, amenities such as a bar and restaurant - everything you need for a comfortable business stay.	
Mar 6 2008 	Excellent Service	If you want comfort and good service without all of the hassle and traffic that goes with staying on the Strip, this is the place for you. After 3 days of hiking in the Grand Canyon, all we wanted was a quiet place to sit in an outdoor hot tub and enjoy a cold beer. The friendly staff at the front desk took great care of us - thanks Chris and Steve. This hotel is convenient to the airport - there were flyovers but the room was quiet and we did not hear the planes when we were in the room. We have bookmarked this hotel and will stay there again on our next trip.	
Jan 7 2008 	Great if you like airplane noise	$329/ night for a plain two-bed studio, no frige or microwave. However, hotel does provide earplugs in Mariott custom packaging, presumably because planes fly over at 2 minute intervals on landing path to nearby airport. Do youself a favor... stay at a five-star hotel on the strip for the same money, and a lot more peace. I feel exploited.	
Nov 30 2007 	Great	The hotel was very comfortable in general, the rooms well appointed. There is 24 hour complimentary coffee and internet available downstairs. Housekeeping was wonderful. The pool was very nice as well. Breakfast was good and a decent price. I also enjoyed having the Market pantry downstairs which helped when you want to buy just a few things like bottled water after coming in late at night, and items were very decently priced. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 10 2007 	Convenient Clean and Cozy Inn	*Conveniently located next to the I-15 near the Mandalay Bay Convention Center.*The room was clean and the bathroom was spacious.*Parking is right in front and around the inn, so there's no need to walk a mile to get your car...like at SOME hotels, if you know what I mean.*Staff at the reception desk was nice and friendly.*Only negative was that the bed was a bit too soft and could occassionally hear planes fly by.*Great bargain if you can get a room here for under $120.	
Sep 9 2007 	Ideal and decent location to stay with family	The hotel is best suited for tourists with family(&amp; kids).They have ample parking space .The front desk is very courteous &amp; knowledgable about local tourist attractions in vegas(also its vicinities) and suggest you how to get around w/o being duped by so called guides/tours.Rooms are spotlessly clean with neat linens.But the refrigerator in room is too small to accomodate more than 3-4 cans of beer.bathrooms are tidy and tub/shower combination have a granite counter to sit or pamper yourself at the rear end .Their complimentary toilet kit didnt have a showercap.Will definitely stay in marriott in vegas or elsewhere.Couldnt find a better accomodation than this one in vegas.	
Sep 4 2007 	The Best Spot in Vegas!	Great place to stay in Vegas! I was down there over Labor Day weekend and was able to relax and enjoy the sun. The staff was very helpful and friendly. I highly recommend this hotel if you want to relax and at the same time be close to the strip to have some fun.	
Aug 14 2007 	Close to the action without the hassle	Stayed there with friends and would recomend it before many of the main hotels in the city, especially if you want a place to have a break from the hustle and bustle of the strip.Nice, clean and well equipped rooms, though aircon could have been a little quieter, (no rowdies while we were there). Though airport is close by, there is monimal intrusion and no loss of sleep at night.Beds were very comfortableExcellent staff who were extra helpful and friendlyNice bar, widescreen televison and comfy chairs and sofa after a hard day out at the casino etc.Good range of choices breakfast and nicely cooked dinners with adequate selection5 mins from the strip by hotel bus to Mandalay drop off and monorailEasy to locate off I15 at junction 36 then cross West over the freeway if you are coming from Los Angeles then take 2nd left between a hotel (build in progress) and the Holiday Inn. Courtyard is 50 yards down on left on Dean Martin Drive which is not sign posted when we were there.	
Aug 12 2007 	Great place	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and found it a great place to be, close to the strip yet away from the hustle. A courtesy bus is provided which takes you to the Mandalay Bay resort about every half hour. The restaurant and reception staff were very friendly, curteous and knowledgable. This hotel is a great centre for the Las Vegas / Grand Canyon area. The hotel was very clean and although close to the airport, noise was not a problem.	
Jul 19 2007 	Perfect stay	This hotel is perfect for a stay off the strip. The room was large, very clean, and the beds were very comfortable. We hate a shower with low water pressure and the shower head in our room was the best we have ever seen in a hotel. The water pressure was great and the head could be changed to a massaging pulse...what a relief after a hot day at Hoover Dam. Hotel was off the strip but within an easy drive to the strip and the expressways. Even though it sits close to the airport, we did not hear any planes the entire three days we stayed here. Would recommend this hotel to anyone..for business or pleasure.	
Jun 1 2007 	In Vegas doesn't feel like Vegas	The hotel is a part of a new hotel development on the otherside of Highway 15. There is a Courtyard, Residence Inn, Fairfield Suites, and a Holiday Inn Express all in the same complex. We stayed for 3 nights. The rooms were nice and clean. It was nice to be in a vegas hotel that doesn't have secondhand smoke. The pool was very refreshing after a hot day on the strip. It also has waterfall area.We did not eat breakfast at the hotel. But the dining area was packed every morning. We ended up eating breakfast at a place called the Black Bear Diner, located on Tropicana Ave. The food, staff, and prices were fantastic. The gym has updated equipment and will provide a nice workout. Lots of good cable tv channels. The bathroom was clean and the shower is one of the best for this class of hotel.Also, there is a security guard on duty at night, roving the hotels and parking lots. We felt very safe knowing that our car was being looked after.The only issue we had was that our neighbors had 3 little kids under the age of 5. They were bouncing on the beds into our wall. We called the front desk, and thay said it would be taken care of. 45 minutes later, my wife ended up slamming her fist against the wall 3 times. Silence is golden.Overall we a wonderful stay at the Courtyard Las Vegas South.	
Jun 1 2007 	A great break from the Strip	Let me disclose up front that I am not a Las Vegas fan. It is not a place where I would vacation and I loathe having to go there on business. It was such a relief to find the Courtyard Las Vegas South. I knew I would be getting a solid business hotel with a clean room and bathroom, and free Internet access. The room was exactly as you would expect from a new Courtyard. It had a comfortable bed with a nice down duvet. The bathroom was clean and well-lit. The two-tier desk and chair were comfortable. The Internet access was reliable. An added bonus -- the hotel is a completely non-smoking environment. For my business meeting, I booked Meeting Room D, which was on the first floor. Terri and Olivia in the Sales Dept. were very helpful in planning the meeting. When my client and I were leaving for the airport, we realized we had missed the free shuttle by about 2 minutes. The front desk staff jumped on their radio, found out the shuttle bus was at the hotel next door, and routed the driver back to pick up, which was very thoughtful and helpful. There is no doubt -- the next time I have to go to Vegas, I will book myself into the Courtyard Marriott South.	
May 8 2007 	Oasis from the strip	I did a one night stay here for business. It was perfect. Even though there was a big fight the next day and the hotel was sold out the next day - they still let me do a late check out (THANKS!)they also have a FREE shutle to the airport (one way only) this was awesome! My room was very nice (double queen). I was cold and I did have some issue with the heater not staying on (once it got to the right temp - the AC would come on and I would freeze for 10 min then the heat, then AC - you get the picture). I was so tired I didnt care. I did do the buffet breakfast for $10. You get a cooked to order omelet , meats and you can even get belgian waffles! It was well worth it to me. Staff was friendly. they also have free shuttles to Mandalay so no problem getting to the strip! I will be staying here again! Note - there is not much near here so buy your sundries before you get here!	
Nov 14 2006 	Enjoyed My Stay!	Located along the I-15, across the highway from the Mandalay Bay Convention Center, this hotel provided a pleasant stay. It seems to be newly constructed, and it's well maintained (i.e. everything is very clean...the rooms, the bathrooms, etc.). The check-in staff were very courteous, and the entire hotel is completely non-smoking, a relief from casino hotels I stayed at. Near the hotel there are a couple of other similar hotels, but nothing else within walking distance. I had a rental car so getting to/from the hotel and around Vegas wasn't a problem. The desk clerk did mention that the hotel did provide a shuttle to the airport and to the Strip (I never used the shuttle so I'd check on that one).Others have posted about the airplane noise, and it's true. During flying hours (maybe 6am-11pm ???) you will hear the planes outside, but it's not horrendous. In the morning, when I was in my room watching tv, the noise didn't bother me (I really didn't hear the planes because of the tv). However, if you're trying to sleep during the day or early evening, then the planes might be a real bother.While I enjoyed my stay, the hotel can be pricey for what it is. I don't know what a comparable hotel in a comparable location should cost. I paid under $100 per night while the listed price was $199. I think I paid a very fair price. Most of the cheap rooms in Vegas are attached to casinos which means lots of cigarette smoke. As long as I could get a fair price, I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 25 2006 	Quiet stay away from the Strip	At the last minute I had to attend training for work in Las Vegas and this hotel was one of the few that was available at a price I could pay. I'm not one for much of the stuff on the Strip and so I really appreciated the quiet suburban location that was a short drive from the airport. The staff were helpful and the hotel was very clean. I was thankful for the Trader Joe's grocery across the street and an upscale pizza place in the shopping center around the back of the hotel as good alternatives for the usual travel fare.	
Sep 18 2006 	Above Average for a Courtyard by Marriott	A nice surprise! I have stayed at all the big hotels in Vegas at one time or another and this one is a gem. Smallish but with all the services a businessperson needs. It is on the opposite side of the strip which, if you aren't into gaming, is a plus. Less noise, less crowded, better atmosphere, etc. The bed was comfortable, the bathrooms was clean and the staff was polite. The only downside is the noise from the airport. The hotel is at the end of the runway...or at least it feels that way. Plane traffic starts up at about 5:30am am and ends around 10pm so at least the whole evening isn't noisy. Overall a great experience. It is one of the more upscale Courtyards I have stayed in and would return if back in Las Vegas.	
Apr 30 2006	Nice Rooms; Mixed Location	Stayed one night on a Saturday night on our way south on I-15.The Good:- Beautiful rooms. Great furnishings and finish, both in great condition. We had a 2-queen room on the south-eastern end of the building, 3rd floor, overlooking the pool/courtyard, with a balcony, facing away from the adjacent interstate. Small refrigerator and in-room coffee maker. - The pool area was very nice. Good-sized pool with rock water feature and a good-sized hot-tub. Poolside towel service. - Nice lobby area. Plenty of seating area, plasma TV, modest bar, and three computers hooked up to high-speed internet and shared laser printer. - Good location for accessing the Palms, the Orelans and Rio by car. You can take surface streets north to these casinos without having to cross or travel upon the strip. The Bad:- They had the worst free coffee in the lobby of any hotel I have ever stayed at. I am no coffee snob; I would never spend more than $1 for a cup of joe. But this stuff was, at all times, lousy. - The screen door on the balcony fell out of its track as soon as I touched it. - The hotel sits west of the airport, directly across I-15. On the evening we were there, the flight departure path was directly over the hotel. Frequent noise, that only seemed to slow between 2 a.m. and 5 a.m. - There isn't much in the way of food service in the area. The hotel has a cafe, but there isn't much else around in the way of non-casino, family restaurants. The staffer didn't have much to recommend to us in the way of restaurants.	
Nov 2 2005	Worst Experience Of Our Las Vegas Vacation	We booked our reservation the first week of September with our credit card and confirmation number, for 5 nocs the end of Oct. I had reserved a king bed, with balcony but when we arrived we were put in a regular room and paid the same price as the king balcony. We were told they would move us in the morning--however when we went to the desk at 10am we were told there were no kings available, infact all their balcony rooms were double queen. I had called this hotel directly and made reservations as we planned on a 5 noc stay. I was so disappointed that not only did we pay 1111.00 for the 5 nocs but the staff were very rude, no one would accept accountability for booking us a king room with balcony, then telling us they would move us to a king with balcony the next day--then to find out they had no king rooms available. To make matters even worse the queen mattress was lumpy and the airport noise and freeway noise was horrible. This was a very special birthday vacation for my husband and I felt so bad that a first class hotel would not even work with us on correcting the problem. There are so many choices for hotels in las Vegas--our next trip will NOT include this Courtyard.The walls are very thin--we had to listen to alot going on next door til the wee hours!!	
May 5 2005	Great hotel hard to believe its a Courtyard	its located across the interstate highway (I15) from the Mandalay, and we saw NY NY and Excalibur resorts from our window.Fine location if you have a car; not convenient if you dont.A brand new hotel, big stylish (well for a marriott courtyard) rooms, good service, small enough that the staff are welcoming and friendly (unlike the 2000+ rooms on the big hotels on the strip), great pool with rockgarden and waterfall into the pool. kid friendly	
Nov 8 2004	Good but not great	Good but not great. New very nice comfortable hotal hotel but not a great location. Stayed here one night (Saturday Oct 30, 2004) on a Marriott Rewards stay. Location is just off Russell Road a block west of I-15. Easy (but tricky the first time) on/off I-15 at Russell Road. In a complex with Marriott Residence Inn, Fairfield Inn, and Holiday Inn Express. Business oriented hotel off strip a little southwest of Mandalay Bay. Not much of a view of strip/etc. Great friendly welcome and very good service by everyone on hotel staff. Quick/easy check in. Has free shuttle to Belligio (but not back?) which I didn’t use because I had a car. Small but nice heated pool area with waterfall. Room was very nice. Would stay here again using Marriott Rewards especially for a Friday/Saturday night which can be very expensive in Vegas but, considering other options in Vegas, I wouldn’t pay more than $80-90 a night. Web site rates even for Sunday-Thursday nights was much more than that. No free breakfast but can buy one $6.95 for continental and $8.95 for full buffet. Nice but small buffet, you can do better elsewhere in Vegas.	
Oct 20 2004	Excellent!	I just had the pleasure of spending one night at this beautiful new Courtyard in Las Vegas. The check-in was more than pleasant and quick. When we entered our room, all I said was &quot;WOW&quot;! I was almost unsure if I entered a Courtyard property vs. an actual Marriott or JW Marriott property. The room was very tastefully decorated. The bathroom was very spacious with the sink area seperate from the shower/toilet area. It had a small fridge with coffee maker and bottled water (for a nominal fee, of course). The overall decor surpassed any Courtyard I have stayed at in the past. Althought we did not get to use the pool area it was very nice with plenty of lounge chairs. I would definately return to this hotel again in the future.	
Nov 28 2008	Agréable hôtel		
Apr 24 2008 	Sehr elegantes und schönes Hotel !		
