Oct 19 2009 	Unbelievable!	This is one of the the most luxurious places in Las Vegas as well as anywhere else in the world I've been. Stayed in a Villa with celebrity friends. Between the 6 bedrooms, living room, indoor pool &amp; spa, gym, dining room, etc etc I felt like I had a hotel to myself! The private butler and staff were ridiculously accomodating. I only can hope my friends will take me again. Absolutely gorgeous and private hideaway in LV. 5 Stars!!!	
Oct 2 2009 	Magnificent!	The Mansion at the MGM Grand is an incredible hotel experience. I have had the good fortune of staying at this property several times, and no other hotel even comes close. The service, ambiance, cleanliness, furnishings, and beautiful surroundings make this exclusive hotel heaven on earth. The staff and service is seamless, from your arrival at the airport to your farewell. The Villas are beyond words!	
Aug 24 2009 	The Mansion breakfast...like heaven on earth!!	I'll keep this short...because it's very simple. I have never had such a good breakfast in my entire life! This was a quiet, romantic breakfast for my husband and me...away from the rest of the family during this chaotic family vacation....the place was just beautiful!!I had the steak and eggs. Now, I've heard people say that they had a steak that melted in their mouth....never believed it.....NOW I DO!I had the freshly squeezed apple juice....looked a little strange but smelled heavenly....tasted even more heavenly.Husband had the eggs benedict with caviar....loved it!The surroundings were beautiful. We ate outside (well, kind of - it's inside and temperature controlled - but it looks like you're outside) on the patio.Excellent, personal service. It was a pleasure to have had this experience.I have been craving the food ever since.For the two of us the bill came to $114.00 including the tip. Well worth it!!! I'm not the type to spend so much on breakfast - but I would go here any time.	
Jul 13 2008 	Royal Treatment!	I was traveling with a family who I was a nanny for and we stayed at The Mansion. The Mansion at the MGM was AMAZING! We were picked up in a Phantom and treated like royalty! Our butler and other staff were excellent to us! The rooms were quite exquisite and having our own indoor pool was the best! It was exciting knowing that Michael Jordan had stayed there just days before my arrival. The Mansion at MGM is definitely a place that makes you feel as if you are in a dream!!!! It was my first trip out to Vegas and it was such an honor to stay at The Mansion and I would highly recommend it to other travelers!!!!	
May 29 2008 	Wow. Is this place for real?	I'm a middle class guy, so not used to staying at a hotel that costs more than $500 a night (in this case $5k a night but my friend's fiancee was paying for everything...). Robin Williams was staying next door, so I guess that details the level of hotel this place is supposed to be. He was very nice to everyone and smiled a lot, but we never bothered him out of respect, though I badly wanted to ask for a picture with him :)- The bathroom(s) in this place are as big as some NYC apartments, and is just way over-the-top. Steam comes out of the showers and water comes from all angles.. This must be how Saudi princes shower every day.- There is a private bar with 24 hour bartender with an earpiece so that he &quot;remembers&quot; your name and favorite drink. - There are real Roy Lichtenstein lithographs hanging on the walls! Jeez, what if someone steals one??? (I'm not suggesting this but still...)- Your hot tub next to the bedroom can seat about 24 people. Literally looks like a small pool.- The TV rises out of a wooden cabinet and the remote control is in a small picture frame (my favorite part).- A small army of maids comes in every day to stock your fridge, and basically cater to your every whim.- We went clubbing on the strip (of course we did) and limos or phantoms will take you wherever you want to go. There's also an office outside with staff to make your club arrangements for you so you don't have to wait in line (there were long lines outside the more popular clubs)..- This place makes me want to be a high roller... ah, maybe in another life.	
Apr 13 2007 	THE BEST! Wonderful experience. WOW!	This was an amazing trip. Was picked up in a new Phantom :) Staff was amazing. Butler was &quot;at your service.&quot; We had a private indoor pool. My bathroom floor was heated :) I think that was my favorite part. Rooms were very grand. Pool beautiful Atrium was incredible. It was luxury at its finest. I love staying here.	
Dec 19 2006	The Mansion is to Die for!	The Mansion is one of the finest if not one the finest places in the world to stay! Even if you can stay a night, it will be an event you'll always remember! Anywhere you stay after that will be lacking in so many ways! Just glad I've been there more than once! The only problem is, there is so much to do at MGM, you can't stay in the villa long enough!	
Jun 25 2006	WOW	If one can find fault with this propery, one might need professional help. The amenities are too many to list. I thought I had died and gone to heaven from being greeted with champagne to the 300 thread count sheets. The suite was enormous with four guest rooms, each with their own 'spa' bath ( steam shower with multiple shower heads, oversized jacuzzi tubs and heated marble floors). There were too many rooms in the suite to count, a bar, 24 hour room service, a kitchen if you wanted to cook for yourself, a baby grand piano, verandas on three sides with views to die for. Oh, and did I mention the pool and jacuzzi in the suite should you not want to brave the desert heat at the regular pool(which is a private one for Mansion guests only). In a nut shell it was INCREDIBLE!	
Mar 7 2006	Gouged not gorged	Robuchon's restaurant in the MGM Grand is known to be the most expensive gourmet food palace in the city of Las Vegas.His return from voluntary retirement was eagerly awaited and his menus hailed as outstanding by &quot;The Critics&quot;.The small &quot;tasting menu&quot; cost $189 without drinks, wine or tax or tip! If you like only breads and deserts, then perhaps the menu might satisfy. The rest of the small portions, including a one-half credit card sized piece of tough veal and foamy appetizers will not satisfy. If you do want to take the plunge and ride the rip, fill yourself up with the breads, pass on the drinks and tasteless appetizers and wait for the desserts.	
Jun 26 2008 	sin palabras		
