	Nice alternative to the strip.	When planning our anniversary trip, I wanted to find a place away from the craziness of the strip. The Red Rock Hotel is a perfect alternative. We aren't gamblers so the change of pace was very welcome. It's not as flashy and noisy as the typical strip hotel. They also have plenty to do on site like a movie theater and bowling. It's within 20 minutes of the Red Rock Canyon park and about 25 minutes from the strip.Unfortunately, it was too cool to enjoy the pool but we did check it out and it also was very nice. The workout room is a little on the small side but has everything you need to get in a decent workout.We have family that live in Vegas and we typically try to visit every couple of years so we'll definitely be going back to the Red Rock.	
Nov 23 2009 	Cool Vibe Great Rooms All On a Techno Sound Track	Really enjoyed our four day stay here. It is a large hotel trying to have that South Beach boutique feel. I think it worked very well.Upon arrival, drove around looking for self parking. There isn't any as far as I could tell. That's actually OK here, because they have the best valet service I have ever experienced. Friendly, fast and enough staff to grab your car pronto. They always asked if I needed directions and always provided two little, ice cold Red Rock bottles of water.I liked the two rooms we had. The first was a &quot;Canyon View.&quot; Nothing wrong with the view except it isn't quite as close to Red Rock Canyon as their promotional pictures would have you believe. This side also has the pool view.... and Cherry Nightclub.Cherry Nightclub is a really serious design and execution flaw for this half of the hotel, because every Friday, Saturday and some Sunday nights, half the hotel guests aren't going to get any sleep 'till 4am when the &quot;boom boom&quot; stops pounding. You may as well go clubbing these nights, since you're listening to the music either way. I couldn't sleep even with earplugs.Day two, we were moved to a strip view room right across the hall on the 22nd floor. What a fantastic view of the entire Las Vegas Valley plus the strip front and center. In contrast to the Cherry Nightclub side, this was one of the quietest hotel rooms I have experienced.Everywhere you go in the hotel casino and even elevators, your life will be set to the techno soundtrack that plays like a 24 hour nightclub. I thought it was funny how you knew your elevator has arrived when you suddenly hear the beat &quot;doosh, dooosh doosh&quot;Room design an amenities were exceptional. Nice big 42&quot; plasma on the wall. The room even had a Bose Wave radio with a pretty good Red Rock Casino CD featuring more techno music. (In case you needed more since the elevator ride!)The pool was ultra hip and there were poolside blackjack tables. Wait staff and dealers were dressed for the part in skimpy bikinis. We were nicely surprised by the friendliness of all pool staff. One little caveat though... I have never had to go through a bag search in order to access my 4 star hotel's pool. Security? OK, I guess they want to keep non-guests out, but nooo they want to search your pool bag too. Why? &quot;To look for outside food and beverages&quot; Kinda tacky and almost a deal breaker for a repeat stay.Casino was nicer than most local's joints. Although it was surprisingly smoky even when not busy. Enjoyed the movie theaters and decent food court as well.Did not eat at any of the restaurants because right across the road are all kinds of mid priced places. Thought BJ's Brewhouse was exceptional. Islands is always good for lunch There are several others including Olive Garden.Costco, Albertsons and a small strip mall are all right across the street.To sum up: Beautifully designed four star hotel lacking certain considerations for the guest you would find at most other four star resorts.	
Nov 23 2009 	Great hotel for Great price at Red Rock	We got a great deal on the Red Rock so decided to go for the weekend. The resort was about 20 minutes from the strip but we drove down so it wasn't a big deal. It was very quiet and not a lot going on, which was nice. Not too much smoke, not too crowded, not too loud, perfect. T-bones was phenomenal, one of the top 3 steaks we've ever had and we've had some damn good steaks! The mattress left a lot to be desired, not sure if we got a bad one but it had two large craters in it didn't complain because we didn't want to move for one night. Also, the views were less than impressive after looking at their website. The mountains, were more like ant hills and I didn't see the strip view but it was quite a ways away. I am a bit spoiled though I have views of Mount Olympus out my front door and 180 degree views of the Salt Lake valley out the back. The pool was wonderful as was the room and lobby!	
Nov 15 2009 	Best value in Vegas	I attended a conference at the Red Rock. The banquet food and service during the multiple breakfasts, lunches, and dinners was excellent. The conference facilities are nice. The hotel rooms are large, comfortable, nicely decorated and furnished, and they all have good views.I decided to bring my wife with me and we had a great time just hanging around the hotel. Compared to the Strip the Red Rock offers smaller crowds and, most importantly, the skanky dirtbag / gangster / meth addict quotient is only a fraction that of the Strip. The higher quality clientele makes for a nicer experience.The casino is big enough to compete with those on the Strip, offers a wide range of table and machine limits, and has a very nice sports book. It boasts a number of good restaurants from sushi to steak, Italian and standard American fare at prices that are far more reasonable than other captive restaurants in hotels on the Strip. If you want to go low budget the Casino also sports a food court with Fatburger, Rubios, Panda Express and Ben &amp; Jerry's for desert. There is a great bowling alley and a 16 screen theater at the far end of the Casino to boot.The gym (cost included in the 'resort fee' along with in room wireless Internet) is more than adequate but unfortunately closes too early at 8pm. Overall, all of the facilities are higher quality than Strip competitors at a far more reasonable price. You should rent a car to get there (about 20 miles from the airport) but given that a one day car rental costs less than even the one way cab ride to the the hotel (about $50) it is well worth it. Make sure you self park in the East casino garage as the the 'hotel' parking is valet only - who needs that expense and hassle? There is a Strip and airport shuttle provided by the hotel for free but it doesn't run frequently enough to be useful.Overall, I really liked this hotel and think it is absolutely one of the best in Vegas and certainly one of my favorite places to stay anywhere. Don't let the few negative posters dissuade you from the Red Rock. It is a great experience and you won't be disappointed. If you like the trailer park atmosphere of the Strip, Red Rock isn't for you. However, if you like a tasteful decor, a casino filled with gamblers who have jobs and homes, and reasonable prices on top of it all then this is the place for you.	
Nov 8 2009 	Wonderful Hotel off the Strip	The Red Rocks was a great place to stay for my recent conference. Located about 30 minutes from the Las Vegas Strip, this resort and spa is a gem. The rooms were clean I had a wonderful view of the mountains. If you'd like to stay at a hotel that has all the amenities you want, but not the hussle and bussle of the Las Vegas Strip, this is the place to stay. &quot;Cherry&quot; nightclub was a blast and it was nice to play $5 blackjack at a nice casino. I'll be visiting this Hotel again in the future. Oh, and before I forget, the Buffet was awesome, and a great price.	
Nov 3 2009 	Noisy!!!	Went on a thursday - hotel was fine - rooms are nice (although no coffee maker), liked the bathtub, although would not be suitable for older guests. The big problem is that we requested a canyon view but no one told us that on the weekends the Cherry Nightclub starts at 11:30 at night and even on the 10th floor -- you can hear it very loud and clear as if it's coming into your room - complained, but was told first - we can give you earplugs and second that they would ask them to turn down the music, which they clearly didn't since it went on for hours. The hotel did seem a big understaffed - the tv checkout didn't work and the $30 resort fee per person seems a bit steep. I think the hotel could have made more of an effort to help us with the noise problem.	
Oct 24 2009 	Beautiful property on the inside...........	A bit on the expensive side but for a newer hotel.........great design. They have done a decent job of controlling the smoke. Our business experience was good but the attitude of the contact we had left a bit to be desired. Not very open or friendly. Our group had a great experience at Red Rock. We were there when the property first opened. Ate there recently (2009) ....at T Bones actually - it was very good food, expensive but nice experience!	
Oct 17 2009 	Hotel insolvent and it shows - Atrocious service mediocre food understaffed overpriced and overvalued....	Everything on the surface seems like it should be a top place, but in just about every aspect, it is severely lacking. From rooms that look beautiful but are poorly insulated from noise when a door is shut nearby or the late night music at the Cherry club which was fantastically designed so its music penetrates all the rooms with scenic views, to trying to reach the front desk just about anytime, to the terribly mediocre food, to the spa which feels more like a factory than a relaxing place to unwind, to incompetent/poorly trained staff who generally don't seem to care or follow-up on anything. Hotel is understaffed and service level is atrocious- hotel parent is on brink of insolvency and this property is supposed to be one of the good ones. There's a reason and it is not just the economy. I know it is Vegas, but do you have to feel hustled and nickled and dimed and treated the whole time they don't care about anything more than just trying to take more money from you without any concern to your experience or building a longer-term relationship? Their creditors only care about short-term getting cash out- not whether you have a good experience or not. Caveat Emptor!!!http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2009/aug/24/stations-legal-battle-heats-bankruptcy-case/With so many other choices and better deals, even if you want to be off the strip, why go to a place that it so clearly just doesn't seem to care about its customers, much less even try!?!?FYI, I have stayed at properties from the economy to Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton's, etc. It is not about the price point- better service at lesser places and way too little for what you get should you choose to stay here.	
Oct 16 2009 	19 miles from strip but very high quality hotel	Was here for a conference. Big, nice rooms, excellent service, cool decor. Pretty quiet casino. I am told that locals come here and like it b/c not as many tourists. Gym closes at 8:00 PM (boooo). I highly recommend this place for conferences. We never needed to leave the hotel. Constant access to high quality food. Attentive staff. Watch out for the 48 hour cancellation. We gave 24 hrs b/c weren't staying the 3rd night, and they hassled us, but eventually decided not to charge us for it.	
Oct 16 2009 	Red Rock is awesome	This new hotel/casino/resort is really nice and has updated rooms. The package I booked gave us a $50 food/beverage credit and $20 gas cards. Although there is a resort fee, the pool/ spa/ gym were well worth it. Went to the club during the nightime and caught a nice little performance.	
Oct 13 2009 	Expert Las Vegas Traveller- a good hotel in a niche market	I stayed at the Red Rock for three days for a wedding at their golf course, less than 2 miles away. It was with extended family from all parts of the country and the world. I have been to vegas over 50-times since a lot of my family lives in las vegas. I usually fly out to vegas about two to three times a year. A little background about me, I am a business college student who has extensive world-travel experience. I like luxury and usually 4-5 star hotels when I travel but I know when I get a good value and when it is overprice. I have stayed from a range of hostels in Europe to the Shangra-la in Asia. So, overall I prefer 4 stars and higher but I am not ignorant of cost. I payed about 135 a night for the hotel room, not including the resort fee. This included two free buffets and two free movie tickets. This is more than the hotels on the strip. This is about as much as a Paris stay or a good deal at the Bellagio. It is on the expensive side but there is no other hotel even near the Red Rock. It is the only hotel really in the area. This is NOT a hotel to stay at if you want to go to the strip. It really serves locals and those who are going to Red Rock Canyon. It is about 30 mins to the strip so it is far. Plus, the traffic and street lights suck. If you stay at Red Rock, do not plan on going to the strip much. Casino- They play the &quot;21&quot; movie sound track everywhere! The techno music tries to make it feel hip like the entire place is a Starbucks or a club. The hotel elevators BLARE the music. When the doors open on your hotel floor, the music fills the entire hallway. It is not too loud like at a club but you have to raise your voice to talk.The decor is great and modern. It has a very new feel. The entire design is basically minimalism with a splash of sixties colors. Red, orange, brown, and green are the main colors they play with in the entire resort. The chandeliers are amazing and well placed. Relating to the gaming, the actual slots do not pay out much (this is coming from my family who lives near the hotel). I mainly played the tables. I tripled my bet and won a 100 dollars at blackjack. Irena is great. She is from Greece and she was amazing. She told people when to double down. Rooms- I am used to staying at the other 4 star Station Casino called Green Valley Ranch. Red Rock and GVR are suppose to be the nicest Station casinos. Red Rock has nicer rooms and better furniture. The bathroom at Red Rock is very nice but the fixtures are kind of weird and over done. They give you everything you need. Plenty of towels. GVR has a much bigger room and bathroom. The Red Rock room is basic and small. If you spend more time in your room, a larger &quot;Resort&quot; room might be a good investment. i heard the suites are AMAZING! I do not know why they chose to make a small room, especially since it is supposed to be nicer than GVR. The TV in the bathroom is kind of pointless but a nice touch. The color of the marble is cool. The sliding door on the toilet seems like a afterthought. The main TV is nice. The A/C was great. Beds were very nice and the pillows were great. Most of the rooms are set back from the main hall with a private hall way for the room next door. So you only face one door. This reduces the noise a lot more than in GVR, which has a usual hotel design with all the doors facing the main hallway. I thought this was a good idea but it really does reduce the size of the room. Also, the only elevators from the casino is all the way at one end of the hallway. So if your room is above 130 be prepared to walk. I was the next to last room. It took about 3 mins to walk from one end to another. it is annoying but not a huge disadvantage. Red Rock was a quiet hotel from internal noise, but if you face the pool, be prepared for Cherry. Cherry- Cherry is their cool club. It is mainly local. The music is modern and decent. The design is really cool but if your room faces the mountain side thus the pool and the club, it has a potential for disaster for light sleepers.The club opens up the doors to the pool at 1:30 am till about 3:30. Even before that you can hear the bass in your room. I was at the 18th floor and all the way at the other end of the hotel. Basically, I was as far as I could get from the club. Yet the music was very very loud. It sounded like the TV was on. I finally called down to the front desk and complained. He said that he received a lot of complaints. I told him &quot;duh!&quot; After 30 mins they turned down the music a lot. This only happened one night at my stay and I heard other hotels on the strip do this and do not turn down the music, like Tryst and the Wynn. So it was nice that they did that but it should not happen to begin with. I feel bad from the rooms close to the club. So request city side not mountain side so you can sleep at night!Customer Service- This was a huge plus. The housekeeping was very very nice. I was honestly surprised. The Spa people were kind of rude but not surprised from a US hotel. Staying abroad at good 4-5 star hotels really spoils me as they know how to treat their customers. In America, we put up with more from the hotel staff. But I was surprised how nice the front desk, casino staff, and restaurant staff really were. The BIGGEST mistake the hotel made is with the 45 second rule on the snacks they leave out in the room. These are pressure censored snacks that sit on the platform that sends a signal somewhere. There is a sign that says if the snack is removed longer than 45 seconds they charge the room. This is EXTREMELY bad customer relations. I laughed out loud. Take some trust in your guests. If you want to move up a star, this must go. I know other LV hotels do this but it is inappropriate and un-needed. I know there is also a senor in the fridge because they tried to charge me for the entire fridge when i moved the stuff around for some water I bought. This whole idea comes across as trying to scam the guests and get everything out of them. This entire idea must go! I know someone from management will read this so I hope the comment on this. Take some effort and have the housekeeping look at the snacks.Spa and Pool- One of the strong points of the hotel. The main pool area is huge. There is not much shade but plenty of swimming space. If you like to tan, this is the place to be. The pool area is gorgeous. The spa is another strong point. The gym was very nice. It was above average and well cleaned. The spa pool was really quiet and almost no one was ever there. It is free for all guests. My recommendation is to go to the spa pool not the main pool. No one is usually there. Also the locker rooms were great. The hot tubs were amazing.Buffet- I think they lowered the prices dramatically. Breakfast is about ten and so is lunch. This is a steal. Before the economic downturn, it was about 20 dollars. It is a good buffet but do not expect a Mirage buffet or other top line casino food. It is good for the value. Overall, good place to stay if you are in the summerlin area. Stay here if you want to go do nature stuff in Red Rock Canyon. This is a good solid 4 and maybe leans to 4.5 with some possible improvements, such as upgrading the customer experience. This is above GVR. If this hotel was on the strip, it would have stiff competition. It would probably be above the Paris and MGM, on-line with the Mirage, but below the Venetian and Bellagio. The Suites at Red Rock might even be on par with the Sky Lofts at MGM which is a huge accomplishment. Good place, good value, you can't go wrong if you plan ahead with noise.	
Oct 13 2009 	Relaxing location with modern and spacious rooms	Very nice location. Away from all the hustle and bustle of Vegas...but with everything you need. Beautiful views of either the Red Rock Canyon or the Strip. Rooms were very modern, spacious and nice. Can't wait to come back and stay again. Look for specials, because rooms can go for over 200....however there are deals to be had. Staff was very helpful and nice.	
Oct 12 2009 	great off strip option	Service very attentive, hotel facilities plentiful and a great lobby bar and spa	
Oct 11 2009 	Hilary loves the Red Rock	We loved it - great pool - great food - bowling - movies - something for everyone!	
Oct 11 2009 	everything you can ask for in one place	We stayed from Wednesday to Saturday...had plenty of space to ourselves mid week from pool to casino to restaurants. Spa is beautiful. There is a quiet retreat using the spa pool and private spots to read and enjoy the peace &amp; quiet. By the weekend, it was much busier as two concerts were scheduled making for some intersting people watching!Drinks at pool are very expensive. Food at hotel buffet was good value. Ask about two for one coupons at the casino courtesy area and check the daily paper they deliver to your room for discounts, as well. Don't take anything out of the fridge in room...if you don't want it within 45 seconds, you'll be charged. No coffee pots in room which was a bummer...never stayed at a hotel that didn't have one. Rooms very spacious and bathrooms great. Staff was very nice and accomodating.	
Oct 8 2009 	Exceptional in every way	The service at the Red Rock was outstanding. The staff was accomodating making our convention completly successful and enjoyable. The room was very tastefully decorated and overlooked the pool area. With only one exception , each night was very restful and quiet, not common for the casiino type environment.I had family in the immediate area and the location was perfect for our get together oppurtunities. I liked the large size and features of the bathroom probably as much as any other thing about the facility.	
Oct 8 2009	Las Vegas stay at Red Rock Hotel 	To preface my review, a four day visit to Vegas turned into 30 days. After the pre-planned four day excursion with my nephew and his friend (his high school graduation present from me), I decided to quit my job, fly a few friends in, stay for a while and relax!Let's start with poolside where we started our vacation. The view of the pool from our 16th floor suite was spectacular, in the daylight and particularly lit up at night. The Red Rock staff of girls (Kai, Todd, Brad and Darnell weren't half bad either) were beautiful, always smiling and genuinely service oriented. The layout was cool, a series of pools and hot tubs with full bar and blackjack tables at one side, and cabanas lining the other side and back end. The bar offered food that was beyond what I would classify as &quot;bar food&quot; as well as a variety of colorful and fruity drinks. The absolute &quot;must drink&quot; is the Java Monkey, an iced delight of Starbuck's liquor and other sweet ingredients! Inside the casino our focus was on FOOD as we are not big gamblers. Don't misunderstand us though, we did indulge in moderate play of roulette, blackjack and slots within the casino. The food at T-Bones, Feast Buffet, Grand Cafe and Hachi were all memorable dining experiences at differing tiers. The menu at Hachi though offered such a wide variety of high-grade food, we dined there a total of eight times.The Spa was a relaxing and wonderful experience. We got haircuts, massages and utilized the exercise room daily. My favorite were the two massages I received from Julie. Ask for her by name because she's clearly qualified in deep tissue massage.To conclude this review I will assure you that I will be back to Red Rock Hotel &amp; Casino very soon. The level of service, from valet to bellman to concierge and throughout the service staff inside and out of the casino, was impeccable! And don't be afraid to ask for a deal. Red Rock's flexibility with room rates was an integral part of my decision to extend my stay. I hope you all enjoy your next stay at Red Rock!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Spa Great Room Poor Pool Service	The room was gorgeous, large closet, huge bathroomService in the spa was amazing. There is an outdoor pool in the spa that is included in the hefty resort fee but no one told us about it. It wasn't even covered in our spa tour. I walked past it on the way to a treatment room and I had to ask what is this pool? Can any guest use it?The service at the pool was bad. Servers would only check on certain guests and ignore others. I started to wonder if I had a Do Not Distrub Sign on my chairThis location is beautiful but very far from the strip. You need a rental car.	
Oct 8 2009 	Red Rock Hotel does not dissappoint!	From the moment we arrived until the day we departed, the Red Rock Hotel was beyond our expectations. The entire staff was courteous and uber-friendly. The hotel grounds were as beautiful as the backdrops of the surrounding mountains. The room was top notch! It was ultra modern from the flat screen t.v. to the BOSE sound system. The only drawback, was our room was located on the opposite end of the elevator, which entailed a slightly long hike. Request a room not too far from the elevator.	
Oct 8 2009	Red Rock Casino/Hotel	We just returned from a 4 day stay at a delightful refuge in the desert, Red Rock Casino &amp; Hotel. It was truly wonderful and relaxing experience and only 20 minutes from the hustle &amp; bustle of &quot;Sin City&quot;. Whenever we return to Las Vegas, we will most certainly stay here as it is much more beautiful and tranquil than the Strip area. We made reservations each night for dinner at one of the Strip hotel restaurants and saw Cher perform at Ceasar's (great show!); but each night we were happy to drive back to our room at Red Rock Hotel and sleep until the sunrise was illuminating the red mountaintops outside our floor to ceiling windows each morning. The pool area was quite nice but the polite, attentive staff was the most outstanding feature of this resort. The only negative we experienced was the extremely long walk from the elevators to our room ( about 75 yards!). If you have knee, foot or ankle problems..... this is a difficult trek and they were unable to move us until the next day due their high occupancy.	
Oct 8 2009 	Noisy and claustrophic "resort"	The rooms at the Red Rock are all in alcoves off the hall. While this may seem like it would provide a quiet and relaxing atmosphere, in reality it creates a wind tunnel that makes the room shake any time a door is closed within 10 rooms of yours. We have stayed in many resorts and this hotel is a 4 star at best.	
Oct 8 2009 	Incredible Off-Strip Hotel that will DEFINITELY see my business again!	I visited the Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa in Las Vegas for an Event Planners Convention in August of 2009. The facility offers complimentary shuttle service to and from the Las Vegas airport as well as the Las Vegas strip. This service is a fantasic asset since the hotel is located quite a distance from the Las Vegas strip and typical taxi service costs approximately $50 each way. The room was fantastic! I had a Las Vegas strip king-room. The room itself was very clean and the bathroom had a separate shower and roman-style soaking tub. In addition, the toilet is housed in a separate water closet.The casino was rather small but since I was not visiting for gambling, it didn't matter to me.In regards to dining, the hotel offers a low-cost food court as well as several theme restaurants and a buffet. One of the restaurants, T-Bones Chophouse, was absolutely INCREDIBLE. I highly recommend that all guests enjoy this restaurant! The hotel also offers a large pool, and two smaller pools. In addition, there are many bars and a nightclub. Entertainment venues were superb. I also enjoyed spending a day at the Spa.As a meeting planner, function space is key to a successful event. This hotel offers and entire floor of ballrooms and breakout locations.Overall, I am giving this hotel a 5-star rating because of the kindness of their staff, entertainment options, dining, room amenities and function space. I will definitely be visiting this hotel in the future.	
Oct 5 2009 	Generic Behemoth Las Vegas Hotel/Casino	Generic Behemoth Las Vegas Hotel/Casino OR Too Far From the StripI couldn't decide which title to use.-The Red Rock Casino Airport Shuttle Bus leaves the airport every two hours on the even hours from about 8 am to 8 pm- It’s a big dark red bus with the name Red Rock Casino on the sides and front. At the airport you catch it on the level below baggage claim. From Baggage Claim, take the escalator down to the next level, walk straight out the door (Don’t end up on the other side of the building!) and go to the island in the middle of the street. Go all the way to the right where there are benches for people catching the city bus. The city bus stops right there at parking space 22. The Red Rock Casino bus stops in one of the spaces just before that. The bus has seats for 28 to 32 people. There were about 18 more people who wanted to get on our bus than there was room for on the bus. Presumably these remaining people got together and shared limos or taxis. There was no line and no take a number system. The bus is free. Taxi for the 14 mile, 20 minute ride is $63. (September 30, 2009)Good points-Beautiful chandeliers! (I wanted to take that one in the bar home with me!)-Large rooms.-Clean-View from our room through the wall to wall and floor to ceiling windows was nice. The pool area is artfully laid out and colorful and has many tall palm trees, then you see the hugely massive spreading unscenic roof of the casino and parking garage, then a big housing project, and beyond that the majestic mountains and blue sky.-Air Conditioner and Heater were very responsive to their digital settings.-TV in the bathroom.-Restaurants right across the street from the casino are cheaper. To get there, walk all the way through the casinio and leave through the doors by the Terra Rossa Restaurant. Follow the street through the parking lot and cross Charleston Street at the traffic light. On the left is shopping like Best Buys, Borders, Marshals, Costco, etc. On the right is the nest of restaurants: Olive Garden, B.J. Brewhouse, McDonalds, an Asian place, a Mexican place, The Coffee Bean, and others.Bad points-Noisy Disco from 10 pm to 4 am. Rooms anywhere near the disco on that side of the hotel are noisy. We specifically asked for a quiet room. The room we were given was on the 16th floor at the far end. It was quiet there.-Looong hallways. Elevators are at one end of the building. Our room was one tenth of a mile from the elevator!-Snacks and Mini Fridge. There is a tray of liquor bottles and boxes of snacks. These items are electronically monitored. If you remove them from their position and don’t put them back within 40 seconds (!) their cost will be charged to your hotel account.-When we walked into our room it looked like a furniture warehouse with beds and whatever wasn’t permanently mounted to the wall all over on one side and in the adjacent corner of the room. Housekeeping was good enough to find a man to arrange the furniture properly. I suspect maybe they had a rollaway or two in there prior to our occupancy. It's the only explanation I could come up with for the mess in the lay out.-Toilet is in a separate little room but the only access to it is through the bath/shower room.-Inadequate light for reading in the rooms.-Elevators can be hard to find and don’t necessarily go where you want to go.-Restaurants are scattered around the periphery of the casino. The food court is the one you have to walk farthest to get to. -The Grand Café - We almost had to trip someone to get our order taken and it took a full 30 minutes to get our breakfasts after ordering. The restaurant filled up while we were there because people were waiting so long for their food to be delivered. Food was kinda warm but not hot when it arrived. Quality of the food was low average to not very good. (A friend told me the buffet restaurant was good!)-Awkward layout of the casino, hidden elevators, and grossly wasted space in the hotel wing led us to suspected the architect had never graduated from architect’s school. And he had definitely never studied feng shui!-Not many people gambling in the casino day or night the Wednesday -Friday that we were there.-This hotel is too far from The Strip!	
Oct 1 2009 	Loved it!	If you are looking for a beautiful place to stay in while in Las Vegas, this is it! Mind you, it is OFF the strip. So if you like the fast, busy, crowded and noisyness of the strip then you should not stay here. The resort DOES have a shuttle that runs to the strip. It stops coming back to the hotel at 9PM. Not very late. A cab back will cost you around $60 (incl tip). The weekends are much busier, the clubs are in high gear and there's lots going on with the bowling alley, movies, bingo, and gambling.Personally, I LOVED it here!!! The pool area was gorgeous with a great sound system. Tip: Drinks were way too expensive at the pool, so play a slot and get a freebie.The casino was just the right size. Excellent restaurants. T-bones is upscale and pricey, but worth it. The breakfast buffet was delicious. I usually don't go for buffets as they tend to have substandard food, but this one was excellent. Didn't get chance to check out the spa since we chose to go kayaking, atv'ing and attending the let's make a deal show.The rooms are large, clean and provide either a view of the strip or canyon. We took the canyon and it was beautiful.Didn't love the peeps at the check-in. Not the sharpest tools. When we called to have our plane tickets printed, they had no clue. Concierge took care of it. After spending a day at the strip, I have to admit that it felt good to come back to Red Rock. Just has a good feeling to it. Hope to hit Station Casino's Green Valley Resort next. Heard that is beautiful with a Tuscan feel to it. If it is anything like Red Rock, I will be happy!	
Sep 27 2009 	Great value nice property huge rooms	Just back from a soccer tournament in Vegas and the hotel was super. Staffing is a little on the light side, but with the exception of the indifferent check in clerk, everyone we met with was super nice and responsive. ONe example, a bunch of us all left the hotel early on Saturday at the same time. I called the valet early and he told me &quot;don't worry - call when you are ready and it will take 3 mins.&quot; Well, when we were ready, I called and no answer after 3 mins of ringing. Rush down in person only to be pleasantly surprised by the valet pulling the car around and apologizing for not being able to pick up with all the car requests he had there in person. We had adjoining rooms, one king, another with 2 queens. Beds were exceptional and the bathrooms were very well done. Separate soaking tub with a small TV was a hit with the teenagers (although more to soak in ice between games than to watch TV).Did not venture into the casino, but the lobby bar was nice. Happy hour price on a premium martini was on $5. Not sure about the hours, but it was 630 and we got that price. Pool looked great but I was surprised it closed at 6pm on Saturday.We did hit the strip and a cab on Saturday night was $55 each way. Did not mind the trip, but if you want to spend a lot of time on the strip, be warned that its a 25 minute trip.We will stay here again. High;y recommended.	
Sep 23 2009 	I've stayed here 14 or 15 times... it's worth the trip off the strip	I've stayed here many many times, and I don't understand how anyone could have anything &quot;bad&quot; to say about the place, other than minor nitpickings. I have stayed at 75% of all the strip hotels and by a LARGE margin would rather stay here or their sister property Green Valley over ANYWHERE else in Las Vegas. It is worth travelling the 15 miles or so off the strip unless you've never been to Las Vegas before.Red Rock is best described as a large, hip W meets Frank Lloyd Wright. The attention to detail and design quality is really asonishing if you appreciate that sort of thing. It's ultra cool, but at the same time, ultra laid back. One trip here, and you'll kiss the strip goodbye forever. The casino is seperated from the hotel, so you don't have to aimlessly wander through the casino to get to the hotel. I prefer the Canyon view over the Strip view for room choices. The view of the Red Rock Canyon is breatakingly beautiful.I stay here on business 2-3 times a year, but also come back for quick getaways with the wife and kids. The Kids Quest I think it's called is awesome... your little ones won't want to leave... You can drop them off for up to 6 hours and when you come back they STILL don't want to leave! Just remember to call them in advance if bringing your kids!! They require up to date immunization records which you can fax over in advance.Red Rock Canyon is literally right across the highway, only a few miles away. This is a really neat experience, whether you want to drive or hike it.The only thing that Station Casinos (Red Rock) is somewhat bad at, is communication. For comps, general questions, you name it, it takes FOREVER to get an answer. Calls are transferred around, front desk refers you to someone else... That person doesn't pick up.... nobody seems to be that much of a decision maker there. But aside from that it's truly a wonderful place.	
Sep 22 2009 	Customer beware	Red Rock Casino is a beautiful property, owned by a corporation teetering on bankrupcy. Perhaps this has resulted in reduced staffing, and a callous attitude by some who remain. I visited the casino on Sunday morning, August 9. In two hours, between 8 am and 10 am, my car was broken into in the casinos parking deck. They pried out the door panel, pried open the trunk, and still not getting inside, cut (twice) the convertible top. Now, no place is without some criminal behavior - although I was surprised that during Sunday morning daylight hours the burglar could have so much opportunity to attempt destructive breakin in so many ways without any security camera or guard seeing him. My caution to others is in how Station Casinos responded. They took a written report. No apologies (even for the inconvenience), no follow-up written or telephone contact. Essentially, it was &quot;too bad, now leave&quot;. I didn't expect (nor did I ask) that they pay for damage, but some expression of concern would have gone a long way. Clearly, the person doing the burglaring had some heavy-duty tools with them - I'm glad I didn't return to the call sooner and interrupt their violence, or Red Rock could instead to ignoring my medical needs rather than just my vehicle damage. Know that if you go here, YOU ARE ON YOUR OWN if anything happens.	
Sep 21 2009	Beautiful Hotel lacking in customer service 	Flew to Las Vegas from Northern Ca for a party at the Red Rock Casino; checked-in after 8pm only to find out that my stay was not on list even though she stated that there were rooms booked for this event in the family member's name. I stated that I was a family member, and I was the only member arriving on Thursday night. This event was planned approximately 2 months in advance. Common-in sense should have played a role in this conversation, i.e., I was part of the event. Needless to say I/we had no choice but to stay for the night and was assured that they would adjust my room charges to the group rate the following day (Friday). Following directions I went to the Hotel desk the next morning only to find out that the Clerk/Reservationist could not make the adjustment, it could only be handled by the person who reserved/booked the rooms (Mara). The Clerk/Reservationist stated that she would email her to phone our party who reserved the rooms. The phone call never came. We had to call her. Sunday, finally we tried again and was told that she spoke to the hotel manager and he said &quot;No&quot; this was not going happen, I would not be receiving the group rate, even though that was not what I was told. But, they would adjust/remove the &quot;resort&quot; fee. By this time I'm not sure I believe anything this hotel is saying or doing. I go down stairs so that I can speak to Mara directly. Wouldn't you know she would not come out to talk to me, I had just spoke to her, and it was obvious to me by the expression on the gentlemen's face who had went in to call her to the desk that she was there. Unfortunately for our group we had spent collectively over $4000.00 in this casino, meals, gambling, shopping, etc. during our entire stay. Oh, I don't want to forget the meal we had at the Grille Cafe after checking-in on Thursday night. Upon entering I noticed a man sitting on a bar stool on the back wall, but paid it no mine at the time. We were seated right away. We waited, and waited, and waited. Thirty minutes had passed, no water, only in passing &quot;some one will be right with you&quot;. My daughter saw the waiter pass our area again and summoned him to our table and asked was someone going to wait on the two of us? He responded in haste that he was sorry (mind you every one around us was being waited on) that he was getting off work now and that they were trying to find someone to help us! Trying to find someone, are you kidding me? He did not seem embarassed that we stopped him but it appeared that he did not want to wait on our table. About 5 - 10 minutes later another waiter comes to the table to take our order. Now by this time (45 minutes later) I am frustrated with a loss of appetite. He takes our order. While waiting again I noticed a group of five people walking in to be seated three tables ahead of my table by the man I saw sitting on stool when we entered the restaurant. He seated them right away. I said to my daughter I wonder how long they're going to have to wait to eat. No sooner than I said this (less than 2 minutes) a waiter was at their table with his pad and pencil writing. Amazing. Meanwhile, we've been sitting close to an hour now and the waiter that was leaving to go home was still serving food. Imagine that! Wow! Unfortunately, I could not get the word to our group to not patronize this restaurant until after the fact and they experienced the same thing. I'am a working professional. I 've owned 2 small businesses, and 1 restaurant. I treat all customers the same regardless of race, gender, creed, or color. If you are only serving a certain race/group of people then you should post a sign outside your restaurant stating that fact. That way guest arriving will know not to stop. If your staffing per customer ratio is low then you can relay this to your customer upon their arrival, i.e., the wait time may exceed 5 or 10 minutes, etc. Never again! You can keep your &quot;rock&quot;. The shopping I did in your casino, especially the shirts we purchased with your insignia engraved on them, will be donated to the Goodwill Stores. I believe in the power of the consumer, and the rule of 10. Which means I will not book another stay at your hotel, and tell ten people about my experience there.	
Sep 20 2009 	NEVER stay here unless want to waste $$$	RUDE staff says it all. In today's economy, there are SO many other options--especially in Vegas. Get over yourself already. This place is so overrated. Go to Terrible's or stay in the Fremont St/Old Vegas area (4-Queens, Binion's, Main Street Station). MUCH better service and way cooler overall. Google any place else, really....	
Sep 18 2009 	Swanky Hotel...	LOVED this hotel!As long as you don't mind the drive to the strip (YOU MUST RENT A CAR OR BRING YOUR OWN FOR THIS HOTEL), this hotel flat out rocks!I stayed there for a couple nights with my ex-gf...she complained all the time about the distance to the strip...she is 23 and I am 36...maybe that explains why I love this place! You wont find the Circus Circus next door.Check in was a breeze. The room was just awesome! Dark wood...great colors...floor to ceiling window that you could see the strip in the distance from. Fantastic bathroom...just really well done and thought out.I think the only issue I had with the room was the door. Seemed to really rattle when the people across the hall closed their door. The doors do slam shut at this place.We did go to their steakhouse one night...skip it. Food sucked...server seemed to want to get us out of there quickly. Would never go back to T-Bones.Didnt really hit the clubs there. Did do the buffet though...here is a tip that one of the locals gave us...PICK UP THE LOCAL NEWSPAPER on the weekend! In the front section, they put a buy one get one free coupon. This saved us prob $75-$100 for the trip! If you want to stay away from the strip and really enjoy yourselves...stay here!!	
Sep 16 2009	Las Vegasnevada	we stayed at Red Rock Hotel and it was great and upscale and 30 min from the Strip, which was so much better than staying on the Strip! the strip is where TiJuana meets Disneyworld. but all the restaurants were incredible on the Strip.if you take a cab, make sure you know the fastest and cheapest route otherwise you will get ripped off.the best part of the trip was taking a heliocopter ride to the Grand Canyon-totally incredible!	
Sep 15 2009 	Quite simply the best!	We travel to Vegas frequently as our son plays poker professionally there. On our last visit, he took us to Red Rock as he thought we would like it. We got home and booked a stay there. We fly Allegiant and got a great deal for labor Day weekend, Air plus three nights for about $237 each.Our last stay was at TI, a supposed &quot;4 Star&quot; hotel. It looks like Motel 6 next to Red Rock. We arrived at noon on Fri. and walked right up to the check in desk. We asked for a room on a higher floor, fairly close to an elevator as re had read the hallways very long. Much to our surprise, we were given a room on the canyon/ mountain side on the 16th floor with incredible views, including views of the pool. The room was fantastic!! We travel a great deal, for both work and pleasure and this was as nice a hotel as I have ever been in The beds and linens are amazing, the furnishings and room art pleasing and the bathroom, with a separate walk in shower, deep dub with flat screen tv, double sinks, separate toilet area was amazing. The room could not have been any more comfortable.The pool area was great. Never overcrowded. Lots of servers and quick, personal service. Best poolside food I have had in Vegas- much cheaper than the pre-packaged crap the serve at the Wynn...Laid back atmosphere at the pool and uncrowded $5.00 blackjack tables at the pool bar.Found $5.00 BJ and craps tables in the casino as well. Slots seemed looser than on the Strip and the Race and sports book as nice as any in town and- they keep the drinks coming.Had a wonderful meal at the Italian restaurant our last night. Room service breakfast was prompt and delicious.All employees were friendly and seemed to go out of their way to make sure people were having a good time... friendly, helpful dealers9Jason at the BJ table and Steve the stickman and EVERYONE at the sports book! The pit bosses were even friendly! Smoke was no worse than other places.We did go to the strip on night to see Santana @the Hard Rock, great show BTW. Fortunately, our son drove as the free shuttle stops at nine. BUT Red rocks has a great lounge band and a lat night club along with theater complex w/ IMAX and a bowling alley w/ cosmic bowling. We had an incredible, relaxing stay here.Yes, you can hear music from the club on the west side of the building but at 1 or 2 am, I was too tired to be bothered. Yes, they do tack on $25 a day resort fee but, our trip was much cheaper than our last stay in town it did not matter. Only complaint was that we had a 7AM flight home Mon. and the airport shuttle doesn't start until then. Other than that, our stay was amazing and I can't see any reason why we would stay anywhere else. Mellow and laid back- if you need trendy, go elsewhere.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great Hotel! A great Conference location A+ Pool A+ Staff A+	Stayed here for 5 days and could not be happier!Conference facilities were top notch.Food was great! The Italian place was the best IMO.Clean big rooms with a huge tub and bathroom.Great pool! Lots of servers out there!Free airport and strip shuttle service that were always on schedule.Easy check in and out.Fun gambling facilities. Shout out to C.J. a fellow bulldog fan! Great Staff in casino as well.Oh and Tryst was good. Good staff here as well!This was a new different type of Vegas experience for me but I would go back. Off the strip but, convientent with the shuttle!	
Sep 9 2009	terrible experience best options elsewhere	The customer service at this hotel is downright awful. Our room was not as clean as we would have expected for such an &quot;upscale&quot; hotel. We also had trouble with laptop and cell phone service in the room. Maybe this is the hotel's way to get people to gamble more. The public areas of the hotel are very smokey, it was hard to find a non-smoking area, even to eat lunch or dinner. I would recommend that others seek accommodations elsewhere is Vegas. This place is really going downhill fast.	
Sep 4 2009 	6th Stay - Still Awesome!!!!!!	Better than ever!!!!!!! This was our 6th stay. After 3 nights on the strip at the Flamingo, with it's loud and disrespectful crowd of college students and other undesirables, two nights at the Red Rock was a welcome escape. Everything you need is right there, no need to ever leave the resort. We still love it!!	
Aug 31 2009 	It was very restful.	The rooms were very spacious for 2 beds. The rooms were clean and organized. The pool was amazing. I have never seen a pool deck like that. They had one big pool and several smaller pools surrounding which was great because there were not as much people in the pool. Everything about this hotel was spectacular. There were activities for all ages.	
Aug 26 2009 	Lousy cell service-typical Vegas 'resort'	Stayed 4 nights for a conference in August '09. What I found most interesting, &amp; most annoying, was the fact that cell service &amp; aircard service, for the laptop, were essentially non-existent as soon as one turned down the hall towards the guestrooms. Service for both was fine in the convention center &amp; lobby, but in the room, even standing right next to the window, nothing. I realize these casinos don't want guests in their rooms for any reason, but this is just silly, not to mention petty. They also charge an additional 'resort' fee, on top of the nightly room rate, which includes guest room internet, allegedly wired &amp; wi-fi. I ended up having to use the wi-fi, because the wired wasn't connected, which also confirms my suspicions that they were using some kind of blocking device to ensure only their own signals got thru. Again, very petty.Beds in the room were a platform type, w/no box spring, making them very low to get in/out of. And, since they don't use fitted bottom sheets on the bed, the platforms made it a bit difficult to remake the bed each night to keep the bottom sheet from wadding up.Bathroom was large &amp; lovely, but not a single bit of ventilation in it. Considering the lone AC vent for the room itself was completely opposite of the bathroom, it would be quite steamy in there very quickly. Interestingly, this is the same set up as the Bellagio making me think they had the same designers! AC in the room also has a motion sensor that will turn the air flow off when no movement is detected; this made it difficult to really get the room cooled off or stay cool at night. As far as dining options go, we ate at the Grand Cafe, LBS, &amp; the Salt Lick BBQ. Definately recommend the sweet potato fries @ LBS along w/the fried chicken &amp; blackberry cobbler @ Salt Lick. Would I recommend this hotel to others? Depends on your reason for going. If you are simply going to gamble &amp; sit by the pool, go for it. However, if your trip includes business for which you will need your cell or laptop, I'd suggest a non-gaming hotel, of which there are plenty, in the Vegas area instead (I've also made the same recommendation to the conference organizers).	
Aug 25 2009 	That Place Rocks	We spent three nights at the Red Rock Casino &amp; Resort in July 2008 and found this a really fun place!As we booked at very short notice during the week we had a very good rate for our stay. Despite the last-minute booking via internet in the afternoon, check-in went smoothly in the evening. Our room was huge as was the bed and we had an impressing view onto The Strip in the distance, which was especially beautiful at night. There was a small exquisite hi-fi system in our room, including a CD especially arranged for the Red Rock Resort and the music brilliantly matched the surroundings and the view. The bathroom was equipped with very good smelling shower gel, body lotion etc. and very fluffy towels. It was shiny clean and in the evenings we found a note with the weather forecast as well as a small bedtime candy on our bed. A bit disturbing though was the mini bar, where you had to pay as soon as you lifted one of the contained articles for more than a few minutes. We also didn’t really like the hip hop music blaring all day at the pool, but this might be quite subjective. But as we stayed there during the week and the place was full of families rather than party people we didn’t really see any use in loud party music. But the pool area itself with all its different sized pools was just too divine to let the music spoil the lazy days there.Furthermore on the positive side of our stay was the lunch buffet offered for $10, 99 which was extremely diverse and delicious.	
Aug 25 2009 	Big rooms nice resort great customer service.	I really thought this place was top notch. I was here with a colleague for a conference. Great service everywhere I went. Friendly staff. The concierge desk helped me with quite a few reservations. Valet parking is free. The rooms are the largest I have ever seen. The casino area is an exact replica of the Hardrock Hotel and Resort in Hollywood, Fl. Pool was large, beautiful, and not crowded. The only drawback? It is not on the strip, and it takes about 20 minutes to drive there. But at $120 a night, this was fine with me.	
Aug 24 2009 	Perfect stay	Needed a hotel in N. Las Vegas for business. Red Rock was running an internet special for $75/nt plus $28 resort fee. The $28 resort fee included wifi which worked great, access to the spa, free shuttles to the airport &amp; shopping (although the timing was not that convenient for me) and a daily newspaper.You could find a less expensive option, but not for the luxury. There was always someone opening the door for me, especially appreciated as I juggled a suitcase, a briefcase, a purse and a latte. Check-in was easy and I appreciated the mini bottles of water. You don't have to walk thru the casino to find the hotel elevators-very convenient. My room was on the 16th floor (16108) which overlooked the pool and setting sun. The higher numbers are further away from the elevators. The room was lovely and spacious. I took full advantage of the soaker tub with a plasma TV on the wall. The bed was so comfortable.My only criticisms are the blaring music throughout the hotel &amp; elevators all the time and the room was dark in the morning as I was getting ready for the day-not enough lights. Minor issues. Next time I will bring my husband!	
Aug 24 2009 	I'll never stay on the strip again	Red Rock was a diamond among gems in the Las Vegas area. Being away from the crowds on the strip and being able to actually see the natural beauty of Vegas was thrilling. The hotel's spa and amenities were unparalleled. The facility itself had everything a guest would want, from Starbucks, to movie theatre to bowling alley and of course, a great casino. And, jump in your car and you're 13 miles from the Vegas spectacle. Great place to stay, for a change.	
Aug 23 2009 	Loved it Loved it Loved it!	Ok, first of all, this resort is quite a ways away from &quot;the strip&quot;, so it would be wise to rent a vehicle. The hotel does offer a shuttle, however, it's last trip back from the strip is pretty darn early, and it will cost you around $100 for a cab.If you are looking for all the noise, commotion and crowds, then stay on the strip, because you will not find that at this hotel. I was soooo pleasantly suprised to NOT find one machine anywhere around the check in desk. How refreshing! ( I understand this is a gambling town, but all the bells and whistles get a little old after a bit!) We had two rooms and before we could even request they be together, the lady already had us in joining rooms. One room was ready and one was not. But hey, we checked in at 11 a.m.! so that was not a big deal. Extremely accomodating people at the check in.The pool? What can I say... OMG as my 17 yr old would say! Again, because you are away from the strip, you don't have the 35 kids in the hot tub splashing all over the place, or running by you and practically runnin ya over! There is no problem getting a lounge chair, in or out of the water. There are &quot;mini&quot; pools also. There is a separate pool, The Cherry Pool, which is for 21 and over and tops are optional. One thing? The drinks are some of the yummiest I have ever had, but they are $12 plus tax and tip. Just an FYI.Rooms? Another OMG. One of our rooms had 2 beds and the other a California King. The beds? If I could have stuck one in my suitcase, I most definately would have. They were truly THE most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. No lie. The bathrooms were fabulous...the tub was the size of a small pool with a plasma tv for you to watch while soaking (or swimming for that matter!) There is a 42 inch plasma tv in every room for all the boring people who spend their vacation in their room... :) The entire resort area is positively beautiful, from the landscaping to the chandalier (sp) in the area between the shops and casino. The shops were not so overly priced that you couldn't afford to even window shop. If I had one complaint, it would be one thing. I WORK for a living; and I had walked in and there was this poor lady on the floor with a spray bottle and a cloth...with a man in a suit (manager I imagine) pointing out a spot on the floor to her! I actually said to her &quot;hand him the towel and tell him to do it himself&quot;. I don't think he liked that. I understand that she has a job, but to me? That was just demeaning...as a woman and as an employee... but that is my only complaint.I could go on forever, but I won't if you would like to e-mail me, please do so (kymberlee1967@aol.com)	
Aug 22 2009 	It was suppose to be a girls weekend	Talk about dissappoinment! My 12 year old says she will never go back because the service was so poor! The front desk was laxed and could care less about anything. The pool so beautiful however there were only 14 umbrellas for the entire pool meaning if you didn't steal one or rent a $200.00 cabana you could bake in the 102. degree sun. The list could go on but the best thing I could suggest is miss the rock as I won't be going back there for a planned concert.	
Aug 19 2009	Another Red Rock top notch experience	I did a review of Red Rock November 2008. I am a member of a gambling forum and we try to get together at least once a year and spend time gambling and have meals together. This time there were 16 of us, not all stayed at Red Rock but most of us did. We all wanted to have a meal together and actually attempted to have a group buffet at Paris on the strip. As it turned out Paris wanted to charge us $100 for all of us to &quot;sit&quot; together and also would not allow us to use our comps and also wanted the organizer to pay for everyone upfront. It was ridiculous. So I contacted Red Rock and they graciously said they would accommodate us w/o any extra charges. As a surprise they ended up comping it all for us which was a FABULOUS surprise. Red Rock and their staff never disappoints. As far as our own personal experience not as a group we had a wonderful time and were treated like royalty. We were given a Signature Suite (comped) which worked out perfectly because we had two 13 y/o boys with us and that gave us a lot more room. The room was spacious, clean, with great amentities. One morning we had room service and it was incredible. The portions were huge, the presentation was beautiful and we were given ample condiments, silverware, napkins, etc. Room service took about 30 minutes to arrive. The food court is wonderful, basically has anything you might crave like pizza, chinese food, smoothies, ice cream, salad, sandwiches, and hamburgers. There are also two Starbucks. The pool area is gorgeous and the water in the &quot;main&quot; circular pool was like bath water. There was one problem however, my husband's eyes were irritated for several hours after swimming in the pool. Not sure if it was the chemicals or what but after some eye drops and time he was fine. About the casino, we have found their slot floor to be one of the best. The variety of games is awesome. We are avid gamblers so we really pay attention to this sort of stuff. We usually win at Red Rock too and as it turned out I did win $1,000 on a penny machine! I know that there are some bad reviews of Red Rock here on trip advisor. Everyone experiences things differently and I can tell you that some of the stuff that has happened to some of these customers at Red Rock does surprise me, however I do know that businesses aren't perfect and mistakes or bad things can happen. We happen to dislike Harrah's yet I know many, many people who are very happy with them. So far we cannot complain about Red Rock from our experiences, we have been there 4 times in the last 10 months. I even got an email today from one of the employees that helped arrange the group dinner. She just wanted to make sure we were happy :) Red Rock is FANTASTIC.....	
Aug 7 2009 	Not like any other 3 star hotel 1 star maybe	Started off bad when we arrived and the room was unkept. The luggage rack was broken, the floor was unvacuumed and one of the robes had something green and flaky on the collar (not a stain). We didn't have bath rugs until the second day. I guess you don't know what your supposed to have until you get it. The alarm had been set to go off at 5:41am - not by us. We were on a nonsmoking floor, but that doesn't stop cigarette smoke from coming in through the vents in the bathroom. About once a day I would come back to my room and it would smell like someone had been smoking in my room.The first restaurant we went into the seats were dirty and I cleaned them off before I sat down. Two other couples were seated after us, both of them were waited on first. After a 10 minute wait, we left. The restaurant wasn't busy.On my last day, the housekeeper knocked on my door around 8:30am - even though I had my do not disturb light on. She said she was told by the front desk that I had already left. I'm glad I answered the door when I did, or I have a feeling she would have walked on in. They like to make sure your awake early at Red Rock I guess.There was no sign to have them make your bed, they just don't. After 4 nights it might have been nice to have been offered linen changes - even though I probably wouldn't (to conserve water).When I made my reservation I told them that I was making it two months in advance so I didn't end up at the far end of the hotel from my conference. That didn't work either. Although they did offer to let me wait around until someone else left.I contacted the front desk 4 times, once by phone and 3 times in person with concerns. Apparently they didn't care because when I made them aware of the problems again at checkout, they said they didn't have any records of my concerns.I have been told twice since then that they are looking into concerns but need to &quot;investigate&quot;. Didn't know a crime took place, just wanted good service. You may just want to save money and go the Days Inn. This is the 4th resort we've stayed at in Vegas and we loved all the others.Not a relaxing place but if your planning on being drunk the whole time, then may be OK.Also, don't plan to relax by the pool after 7:00pm, it closes early and your not even allowed to sit on the chairs and relax.They did have a great spa.	
Jul 21 2009 	had a very unimpressed time	if you are over 30 do not go to this hotel as the disco starts at 10.pm till4 am and there is no where in this to hide we were on the 19th floor and all night long it was boom boom	
Jul 21 2009 	Always a great experience	Have stayed at the Red Rock about 5-6 times and each time it is a great experience. We enjoy being off the strip and away from the crowds. This hotel has a large casino, many restaurants, a food court, a nice movie theater and is still only a few minutes from the buzz of the strip. The rooms are always clean and roomy and well appointed.The only complaint is the length of the hotel corridors. Highly recommend that you request a room near to the elevators - otherwise you will have quite a walk ahead of you each morning and evening.	
Jul 16 2009 	I'm a local and this is where I went on vacation!	Red Rock is a good bargain for a resort hotel without resort prices. Everything is fresh and new. The views are the best in Vegas and even though you're only a short ride away from the strip you might as well be a hundred miles away. Me and my wife just spent our anniversary there and we had a blast. If your a die hard, have-to-hit-10-casinos-a-day, tourist, then you might not like this property. But if you want a laid back, full service resort with the option to hit the strip only when you want to ...you like it here.	
Jul 16 2009 	Would Highly Recommend with Reservations	We recently returned from a family trip to Red Rock. Overall we had a great experience and the staff was helpful, however, there were a few bumps in the road. When we arrived we were told that they were completely booked and that the only rooms left were smoking rooms. We had made the reservation a few months before and specifically requested a non-smoking room. I wasn't happy, but they were able to move us into a non-smoking room the next day by noon. The only other problem that we had was with housekeeeping. I had to track housekeeping down to request that our room be cleaned (it was around 2pm). I guess they had skipped our room somehow. However, they did send someone around within 10mins. The rooms are very nice and the beds are super comfortable. My over six foot tall husband loved how large the bath tub was and made use of it several times.The pool and spa was great. Overall the pool staff was helpful and one staff member even offered to help me find a shady spot at the pool. The food was pretty good (great at the specialty restaurants). My husband and I didn't mind not being on the strip as we have been to Vegas before and found the expereince very relaxing.	
Jul 10 2009 	Crappy Service	I've stay at Red Rock hotel many times and I finally experience an horrorable experience.Booked my room 2 months prior to my visit. Requested for 2 queens at the time.Got to the hotel today. Checked in around 6pm (check in starts at 3pm). WAS told absolutely no more 2 queens and pretty much gave me that &quot;too bad crap attitude&quot;.Begged for one without success. Gave me the key/room number to my room and later found out they put the wrong room number on the key-holder. Furious went down to tell them about the wrong room number and was given that &quot;it happens attitude&quot; without no apology. So I have been here no more than 2 hours and I already can't wait to leave this hotel. After many good visits, I might have to say that this is probably is my last stay here. This type of customer service is totally not acceptable during this time. I'm waiting for that roll-away bed and typing this review at the same time.	
Jul 10 2009 	WOW	Just like the title WOW we stayed in the presidential suite wow a pool table a bar a couple TVs 2 bedrooms and 2 bath rooms and a giant bathroom let me tell you about the bath room two TVs a sunken bath tub and two state of the ark beday/toliets i mean wow it IS worth the price if you want hotel luxury get a hotel host to help you get the big suites 100% great	
Jul 8 2009 	always a pleasure	Stayed at Red Rock over 4th of July weekend. Two favorite hotels in LV are Red Rock and Green Valley Ranch, the 2 high-end resorts in the Station Casinos lineup. Excellent steakhouses are always our last night splurge. Pools are fantastic, and we spent 5 hours at the pool each day - still have umbrellas at RR but they are gone at GVR as of our trip there last May. Beds are soooo comfortable and rooms very clean with nice decor. Don't touch the honor bar unless you want to buy the stuff as it's on an electronic system.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great hotel...	I love this hotel is the 3rd time i stayed there and for me is the best one in Vegas the only really bad thing is the location but if you don;t mind to drive couple of miles to get to the Strip you will be fine...	
Jul 4 2009 	Wonder Spa and Hotel	I spent 4 days and 3 nights at the Red Rock and I can't wait to go back! I enjoyed every bit of my stay. The staff were wonderful! Great valet! Awesome rooms! Outstanding food!!!	
Jul 2 2009 	Great Hotel	Great hotel, beautiful rooms, clean workout facilities, huge movie theater on site, lots of good restaurants. I liked that it was off the strip.	
Jul 2 2009 	awsome	i have stayed a alot of hotels in lasvegas and the red rock is at the top me and my family have satyed at this property numerous times and each time its the same excellent. the staff treats you like a king the rooms are clean and nice the reasturants and great and there is something for everyone. if your looking for a break from the strip and a great plaace to take the family visit the redrock	
Jun 27 2009 	Great Hotel!	Beautiful rooms with beautiful views. Staff helpful; even the facilities engineer stopped to ask me if I needed directions. Modern, crisp, interesting style. Negative: pool didn't seem to open at night.	
Jun 26 2009 	Convenience under one roof!	I have been to LV multiple times staying mostly in hotels along the Strip. This last trip, I stayed in Red Rock with couple of girlfriends for a relaxing weekend. Our stay was great! Here are what I considered plus factors of RR: Room: rate was low (thanks to my local friend), clean, smells good, nice amenities, comfortable beddings, spacious; Pool: big and very inviting; Buffet: considerable selection of food; Cafe: heavenly dessert; Cherry's Club: shorter line compared to other clubs along the Strip, plus girls get in for free!; Spa: free use since we were staying in the hotel; free newspaper; hotel staff: nice and courteous.I just wish that they have a coffee maker in the room and a better wireless service.Will definitely stay in this hotel in the future.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great Value Great Hotel	My wife and I have been going to Las Vegas for many years and no longer feel the need to stay on the strip since we found this gem. We started coming out to this &quot;locals&quot; hotel in Summerlin (about 15 minutes from the strip via 215.) because of their great steakhouse called T Bones. We started gambling there each night we ate at the steakhouse and soon we started getting great room deals and casino rates. The pool area is fantastic with extremely comfortable lounges and a great place to have an outdoor lunch and play pooolside blackjack. You can call for your car from the room and it is waiting when you get to the lobby. Never a line at check-in since it not that large a resort. The rooms are modern with flat screen TV's in the bedroom and the bathroom. You'll love this place.	
Jun 24 2009 	Family reunion ruined by Red Rock	We had been planning a family reunion for my parents' 50th wedding anniversary for many months. We had 4 families all traveling from afar to stay at the Red Rock. My sister arrived first and secured her room and my parents' room. An hour later, my brother and I showed up with our families. We were told that they overbooked and had to move us to a Marriott &quot;just down the road&quot; that was suppose to be of &quot;equal caliber&quot; as the Red Rock. We saw them tell other bewildered families the same story. Red Rock's management was vague about why we were being moved, but what I pieced together is a large convention was coming in and they were giving away our rooms to conventioneers. They even said that they didn't know of the &quot;problem&quot; until this week, and admitted that we place our reservation well in advance of the convention being booked. But, the conventioneers came first in their eyes. They couldn't tell us why they didn't contact us prior to our arrival to let us know of this problem, to allow us to find other accommodations. So, my brother and I went to the Marriott. It was NOT right down the road. It took 15 minutes to get there from the Red Rock. It was NOT EVEN CLOSE to being at the same luxury level as the Red Rock. It's like comparing a 5 star hotel to a 3 star. It was filled with an over-70 crowd. It was horrible. Our family reunion was ruined, as two families were in a different hotel than the other two. Our kids were heartbroken.So, if you want to take your chances and book this hotel, I hope they honor your reservation but you might not want to take the chance and instead head out to a luxury hotel on the strip. I was a repeat customer at the Red Rock, but sadly, I can't allow myself to ever return to this place.	
Jun 22 2009 	I could feel the bass from the CHERRY BAR on the 19th Floor	I stayed at the Red Rock for 4 nights business. The Hotel was great except the Cherry Club was to loud. I could hear the bass BUM BUM BUM until 3:30 AM on Friday and Saturday this waste $250.00 a night. I check out on Sunday. I tried ....	
Jun 21 2009 	WOW!!! Luxurious accomodations. Everything under one roof.	Honestly, I never had any desire to visit Las Vegas. I was &quot;wowed&quot; by the accomodations. Sightseeing was not an option, although I did step over to the GORGEOUS pool area for about 15 minutes to take a break from our work. The room was SO beautiful and plush! I was in awe of the marble bathroom with both the walk-in shower AND the wonderful tub with flat-panel television. The beds were comfy and I enjoyed opportunities to retire to my room for absolute comfort between duties. The variety of restaurants, including the buffet-style feast, were very reasonable and quick to serve. I would LOVE to go back with my husband for a leisure trip.The water provided in the lobby and spa areas were a welcome respite from the heat in mid-June, but I highly advise packing your lip balm! A trip to the gift shop to ease my chapped lips cost me $8.00!	
Jun 18 2009 	The best off the strip	I love Vegas, but in small doses. If you're looking for a place to stay that has all the amenities of a real resort without the obnoxiousness of the strip, this is the place. It has more than just a casino with a movie theater, bowling alley, tons of restaurants (although not the BEST), and a spa to die for. Even if you don't end up staying here, GO TO THE SPA. If you get a massage, go early to soak in the mineral pool before hand. You get all day access to a private pool as well and you can have your lunch delivered to enjoy on the deck. It is the top of luxury and the nicest I've ever been to. The rooms are to die for. I was ready to take the bathroom home with me. The tub was perfect for a romantic evening soaking with your lover. Everything about this place was top notch. Yes, it is about 15 minutes from the strip, but it's close enough that it's not a big deal to drive over there for the evening. And unlike the other hotels on the strip, the lobby doesn't get crowded with herds of people passing through. We went with a family group (all adults) and the hotel had enough going on that we could spend time together, but not too much :) We also did the kayaking tour they offer and it was TOTALLY worth it!!!	
Jun 18 2009 	Love the Red Rock	Most of the negative reviews seem to be from people who do not educate themselves and prepare properly for their trips. The resort fee is clearly stated on the hotel website. Also, do you really expect to be able to manhandle the items in the minibar without being charged? Who wants to purchase anything from the minibar after you've been handling it? People, wake up. Take responsibility for yourselves. If you are going to stay at a 5 star hotel, you expect to pay more for everything. Accept it. If you can't afford it, stay somewhere within your budget.We first stayed at the Red Rock a month after it opened, and it keeps getting better. This was our 5th stay.	
Jun 6 2009 	An Almost Perfect Resort	The Good: This place is really beautiful in every way. The lobby, the casino, the restaurants, the rooms were all very upscale. The staff members we dealt with, especially the parking valets and the pool people, were friendly and seemed to genuinely care about whether or not we were enjoying ourselves or needed anything. We like the location away from the Strip because we like to fly to Vegas and rent a fun car like a Mustang convertible, so driving to and from the resort is no problem, and then we can also drive around in Red Rock Canyon which is beautiful. Who needs to be on the Strip (especially if you've &quot;Been there/Done that&quot;) when you can have views of Red Rock Canyon?  Also, there is almost no smell of cigarette smoke in this resort. The only time we smelled cigarettes was when we were in the casino and were right next to a smoker, and then we could just quietly walk away. (By contrast, on a previous trip last month, we stayed in a condo, and we went into the Tropicana to eat a quick bite, and we were literally blown away by the disgusting smoky smells at that old hotel - from the minute we walked in the door, throughout the entire casino, and in the restaurant. Our clothes and hair reeked after we left the Tropicana, and I doubt we will ever go back in there again!) The Red Rock must have more modern air exchangers, because the air was truly fresh, everywhere we went in there. The backyard is what they call the pools area, and it was also spectacular. You can tell from the photos on this website that they don't have any of the traditional old-timey lounge chairs around the pools. Instead there are these really comfortable single and double beds. Some are round, and others are in the shallow water at the edge of the main pool. There are many pools and an interesting fountain. We had booked a package called Party at the Pool, not something I would have chosen ordinarily, but I happened on it on their website, and found that we would actually save significant money on our room and as a free bonus have some fun at the pool with a ca-bed, some snacks, and liquor thrown in. The room in the package is a signature suite which is very very nice. It has a living room area, bedroom, and two bathrooms, one of which is a toilet and vanity, and the other is a full bathroom larger than some hotel rooms I've seen. Everything in the suite was first class from the three televisions to the linens and bed, to the toiletries. The sound proofing was excellent and we heard no noises from the hallways or footfalls from rooms above us. When I booked this package, I had no idea what the ca-bed is or what bottle service at the pool means, but the cost of the suite went down and the rest of the package was thrown in, so it was a no-brainer!  Here's what it turned out to be: The ca-bed is a little upgrade at the pool. It is not a traditional cabana which is much much nicer, but very expensive. The ca-bed is like a canopy structure around the lounging bed. It has canvas curtains on the sides that you can untie for privacy, I guess, but no cover on the top of the canopy to shade you from the sun. I do not think I would have found the ca-bed to be worth its cost separately from the package, but, by booking the package, as I said, we got the ca-bed, chips and salsa, bottle service, and the suite for much less money, so yeah the package was a great deal. By the way bottle service means that the server at the pool brings you a bottle of your choice of a premium liquor and whatever mixers you want, plus lime slices, cups, and ice buckets. Things were looking pretty good to us after that!!! The food we ordered at the pool was excellent, by the way. We got some appetizers like chicken satay skewers and coconut shrimp, all with different dipping sauces. Later, my husband also got some hot dog sliders which he loved.  Do not leave any of your food when you get up to dip in the pool as the crows are always watching for any opportunity to move in for a feast!The bad: The only problems we had on this trip were with the suite. It took them three tries to get it right.  At first we were sent up to a suite with a view of the backyard and mountains that still had the previous guests' luggage in it! This was a new experience for us. It was really a shock to open the door (yes, our keys worked) and find someone else's luggage standing inside the door as if the people were maybe waiting to move to a different suite. We called out, but there was no one inside, just luggage. It was about 3 p.m., too late for them to be waiting to check out (check out time is noon), so the only thing I can think of is that they were waiting for a better room to be ready. We beat a hasty retreat back to the lobby, and they were as surprised as we were by the luggage in the room.  They couldn't find us another equivalent suite and told us we may have to wait a while for one to be cleaned. At this point we were getting pretty frazzled, and when they wanted to give us a suite on a floor designated as a smoking floor (I think there are two of those floors), we asked if we could just have an upgrade (no) or a break on the price. The clerk offered us $50 food credit for being on a smoking floor, but my husband was not happy about having to do that. The clerk went to talk to a manager, and after about 10 minutes came back having &quot;found&quot; another suite for us.  When we got up there, oh my gosh it was horrible! I think they had taken it out of service and that is why it didn't show on the clerk's computer. The minute we walked in we could hear the water pipes rumbling like a locomotive. The sound varied from a drumming sound to a very loud chugging. If you turned on the water, it stopped. My husband was getting cranky and looked at me like I was crazy when I asked him if he wanted to go back down to the lobby and try for yet another room. Since the sound was mainly in the living room, that night we just closed the bedroom door, and we could barely hear it unless it was in its chugging phase. At about 2 a.m., he yelled to me over the chugging sound, &quot;Let's call the desk in the morning and ask if there is another room!&quot;  Two other problems with the room were that it was on the 4th floor, &quot;Strip view&quot; side, and actually gave a view of a parking garage and the side of a building. It was depressing, especially since the windows were totally coated with grime. When I called down, they apologized and found us another room which was to be ready between 1 and 3 p.m. It wasn't ready at 1 or at 3. After 4, they finally had a room for us, and it was spectacular. It was on the 8th floor and had a view of the backyard and those beautiful mountains we had come there for! Clear windows! No noise from the pipes! Hooray!!!!!Bottome line: I do not hold it against them that they had to try three times to get us a decent room, and I will definitely go back there again! The food at the pool was the best. The buffet was really good as was the cafe. As another Trip Advisor reveiwer noted, the beers you can order brought to you within the buffet were the best price, so thanks for that great tip! By the way, we had a ball gambling at the Red Rock. Although we've been to Vegas many times, our most recent gambling had been at some of the Indian casinos like Pechanga and Pala where the slots odds do not seem to be good at all. But at the Red Rock, we got many many smaller payouts all the time which made it lots of fun, and we got one or two nice bigger payouts so we didn't feel like total idiots. All in all I'm sure we left a little more money in their machines than they gave back to us, but it seemed like the slots were looser there, and it was much more fun hearing all the bells and whistles going off all the time. All in all, I highly recommend the Red Rock. It was well worth the money, especially since we found that special on their website that brought the cost down and the fun way way up.	
Jun 2 2009 	Not exactly Vegas	This being my 12 trip to Vegas, I wanted to try out a new hotel (as I usually try to do each time)I will keep this brief...Red Rock is WAY off the strip. Not Palms off the strip, but $45 cab ride off the strip, so don't plan on having any &quot;traffic&quot; in your hotel with the exception of hotel guests and LOTS of locals.The only way to describe the pool is odd. Although it looks very pretty, there are limited umbrellas (as in all of Vegas) and the first row of chairs is immersed in water so there is really no place to put your stuff unless you grab a mini table. Even still the tables are tiny, so my friend and I had quite a few things fall into the pool throughout our stay. LOTS of families and kids (which is fine if that is what you want) Music was great for one day while we were there. The second day they were preparing for a concert so music was shut off and we listened to sound checks all afternoon at top volume. The following day &quot;Cherry&quot; the topless pool/bar area had their own music which wasnb't really loud enough to hear, but obviously loud enough for them to not put on their music.Because of the things falling off tables into the water, there were quite a few floating cups and bottles in pool which just made it look disgusting.Food was good. We ate at Terra Rosa (which was okay) and TBones (which was also okay) There was NO stanbd out service at all here, and the steak looked like about half the size of one I would get in NYC for the same price. Although prices were pretty reasonable. The bartender in the lobby bar was the one exception to stand out service. He made the best chocolate martinis and balanced us all night with fresh water so we wouldn't get drunk! Food at the outdoor/pool restaurant was surprisingly good and service was pretty fast.SpaOUTSTANDING. best massage and facial and facilities were very very nice. They do tack on a 20% gratuity automatically, but they ask if you would like to adjust it at the end of the service. I left the 20%. My bill was close to $500 for two treatments, so be prepared to buck up.CasinoMost tables were $10 minimum and they had pretty much every game. I only played blackjack and craps. Dealers were pretty friendly.Overall I would NOT recommend this hotel if you have never been to Vegas. Stay somewhere on the strip. This hotel seems like it wants to be hip/trendy/cool, but it ends up being something else that I just cannot identify. Still hail Bellagio and Mirage as my favorites ( I have written reviews on them as well)	
Jun 2 2009 	Has the amenities...if youre willing to pay	The resort was nice of course, but I thought it was overpriced. The rooms werent cheap, then the &quot;resort&quot; fee charge, and way too expensive minibar compared to other places in vegas. It was a nightmare for me to call the resort and have them give me specifically where the shuttle pickup was, then my check in took forever. While its a nice place no doubt, I felt the service was hit or miss and I hate being nickel and dimed.	
May 31 2009 	A Real Find - Looking forward to our next visit	We booked into the Red Rock as we had tickets to see the Allman Brothers who were appearing there. We were impressed by the reviews and hoped that the Resort would live up to them - it certainly did. Our room was well appointed, clean, very comfortable and the television over the deep tub was a real bonus! There are plenty of dining options to suit all tastes and budgets. We ate in the 24 hour Grand Cafe and the excellent Buffet. The food was excellent quality in both however the choice at the buffet was terrific from soups to salads; Asian to bbq; American to Italian; Desserts to Pastries, to name just some of the stations.During our three night stay as well as the Allmans concert and playing the casino we took in the new Star Trek film at the excellent 16 screen cinema but didn't have time for bowling at the in house bowling lanes or even relaxing by the beautiful pool.It is a very different Las Vegas experience and one we thoroughly enjoyed and will repeat. It is a great way to get away from The Strip for a few days to relax and unwind but still be able to play the tables or slots. It is not the place to stay if you want to see a differnt show on The Strip every night as it is about a $50 cab ride into the City. It is also about $50 to and from the Airport.One tip - the Lobby and Casino elevators are at one end of the hotel. We had room 155 out of a possible 158 and had to walk almost tjhe length of the hotel to get to our room. If you dont want to walk so far to get to your room ask for one with a low number!	
May 24 2009 	AMAZING!	This resort is amazing. Everything is beatiful, the staff is well-trained and knowledgable about the resort and the area. THe conference center events ran without a flaw and the conferenece service desk workers were very helpful. The rooms are beautiful. Bathroom was my favorite part with a seperate toilet room. His and her sinks and a deep soaking/jetted bathrub. My only complaint is that there was hair in both my bathtub and shower.	
May 17 2009 	Great hotel if you have kids	Our stay @ Red Rock was just awesome. The pool was very kid friendly and it was not crowded at all. We visited all other big hotels on the strip, and they were all packed with people. Since Red Rock is about 20 min away from the strip, it's a great choice if you have kids. Kidquest offers a great daycare service so you can have some alone time with your significant other or do some gambling while your kids are playing with other children. A rental car is a must if you are staying at Red Rock cause transportation may get expensive. We had a great time and wouldn't stay anywhere else when we go back.	
May 17 2009 	Planning our return already!	My husband and I have been to Las Vegas twice before and stayed on the strip. We don't gamble much other than cheap slot machines, so this time we wanted to stay outside of town, away from the crowds, and do some hiking. The Red Rock fit our needs perfectly! This is a beautiful resort and there are so many things to do here that you could never leave the place and still have a great time! We went bowling there and ate at three of their restaurants, gambled a little in the casino, and had a wonderful time. We rented a car and went hiking in the Red Rock National Park, which is lovely and well worth spending a day exploring. We drove to the strip one day and walked around. The pool at the resort was beautiful, but we never had time to go swimming. We only stayed two nights, so we didn't get to do all that is available at the resort. I highly recommend the LBS restaurant---the hamburgers and salads are delicious! Also, be sure to try the Grand Cafe---luscious desserts and superb sandwiches---also a very good breakfast. You can get a dessert and cup of milk to take to your room for a late night treat there. We ate at the Feast Buffet only once and found that the alcohol is MUCH cheaper there than anywhere else in the resort---2 dollar beers---that's a bargain, and the food and service were good. The only drawback is the waiting in line---but the price is worth the wait. As in other reviews, it is true that the mini-bar in the room is way overpriced and you get charged if you even move anything in it---so we did not touch it! Also, the bars in the casino can get quite smoky---for non-smokers this is a drawback. We liked sitting at the bars playing the slots, but as soon as a smoker sat by us, we left and went to the non-smoking part of the casino. As for the room, it was perfect! The bathtub is HUGE---you could almost swim laps in it! And the toiletries are very good quality. The robes are a nice touch, too. Also, we discovered that there is a &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; button that you can push that is right next to the door---it is easy to overlook, and if you don't use it, the maids will knock on your door constantly in the morning to check and see if you are ready to have your room cleaned. I didn't see the button until our second night. The only thing about the room I didn't like is that it is pretty dark---there are no lights in the center of the room. Other than that, the bed is heavenly and the view is amazing (we were on the canyon side). My husband and I have traveled all over the world and rarely go back to the same place twice, but we want to go back to the Red Rock and stay for a week, rent a car, and visit all the national parks nearby. We are already planning to return during Thanksgiving week next year. We loved this place!	
May 15 2009	Get off the strip be where its hip	Friendly door man no pressure to tip ! Check in was the normal wait . The lobby is clean The rooms are clean house keeping is friendly and quick . The pool is where its all at if your not in the casino , the pool side service is the best Ive ever had !!!! , where we had great payouts on the slots. Plenty of places to eat . The wife always said she never wants to go to Las Vegas but we had to be there for busniess SHE LOVED THE RED ROCK HOTEL POOL ! We are going back	
May 13 2009 	Top notch rooms plenty of food choices friendly dealers.	Just got back from one night at the Red Rock and I am really impressed with this place. I booked it on Hotwire (they don't tell you the hotel until after you confirm payment) and got a great deal (choose a 4-star west of the strip and this is probably the hotel you will get; got the room for $65 plus the resosrt fee). From the airport, if you are lucky you will catch the free shuttle to the hotel but if not, a cab can run $60+ (it will vary on the driver and the route). Go to the other side of the terminal and you can get a Town Car for $66 (fixed rate). There is also no line usually for the Town Car/Limo area while the cab line can be long. It is about a 30-40 minute drive to the hotel from the airport but it could take longer during rush hour. The check-in was easy and quick and I was off to my room in no time. The room was great. Clean and well designed with a very comfortable bed and a 42&quot; plasma on the wall (no HD channels). The room reminded me of The Hotel at Mandalay Bay but without the living room (hopefully that makes some sense). I had a view of the pool which looked awesome but I didn't get to it on this trip. The bathroom in the room is well appointed with a soaking tub with LCD TV mounted on the wall at the foot of the tub. The separate shower is nice but no rain head as I thought I saw in some other reviews. (The head is a little higher on the wall so for some, this may have appeared to be a rain head but I am on the taller side so no such luck for me.)There are a bunch of restaurants but I only tried two of them. Since the Mets were playing and I wanted to catch the game, I got a burger from their food court (Fatburger-what an unfortunate if not accurate name). It was tasty. Also I had breakfast at the buffet. One tip-get their player's club card and you get a dollar off the price but only if you also set up a pin number first. Do this at the player's club area. No pin number, no discount.The casino workers were friendly and there were plenty of tables available. I played craps and they had $10 min at night and $5 min during the day. (Typical 3x4x5x odds) Overall, the entire place was really attractive and without the nuttiness of the strip. I will definitely stay here again.(The free shuttle back to the airport is a lot easier to get since it runs on a consistent schedule but get in line 10 or so minutes before it leaves otherwise it may fill up. They do have a couple of cars there to take you to the airport for $55 fixed rate according to the bell man I spoke with.)	
May 7 2009 	Loved It!!	Just got back from Red Rocks with my girlfriends and we had a wonderful experience and loved the resort. First of all the spa is beautiful and peaceful so if you are looking to get away from it all this is the place. It was serene and relaxing with a large hot tub and sauna/steam room area. There is also a private pool and cabana area for guests using the spa that is quiet and private. Exercise room is fully equiped and more than most need on vacation. The pools are awesome especially the adults only (over 21) private pool area. This is a total gem - especially if you want to go topless. The pool is lined in luxury cabanas and large round beds to sleep and sun in. They even play loud music which I liked because it drowned out the voices from the main pool which included alot of children. The staff at the bars and restaurants were as friendly as they come and the service was excellent we never waited for anything. They are quick with the drinks!! And the drinks and food were really nice. Overall this place is beautiful and I will be visiting again.	
Apr 29 2009 	Watch out for the hidden fee	As other reviewers have mentioned, there is a $27 &quot;resort fee,&quot; which supposedly covers airport shuttle service (whether or not you use it), the fitness room (whether or not you use it -- and of course fitness rooms are generally free), etc. When I checked out, I told the young lady at the desk that this meant the room was actually $217, rather than the $190 I had agreed to when I made my reservation on the internet, and she politely agreed. I then said that this meant the hotel was lying on its website, and she politely agreed. (I can't swear that the fee isn't mentioned somewhere on the website, but it certainly isn't noticeable.) I then said I thought she should waive the charge, and she politely said no, they used to do that when people asked, but not any more. Other things about the hotel were fine, but for me, this bogus hidden charge is disqualifying -- I wouldn't stay there again, and I wouldn't recommend it to others	
Apr 27 2009 	Would definitely go back	(review being written by a 30-something year old male)Just spent 4 days and 3 nights at Red Rock Resort. Overall my 6th trip to Vegas, and first time ever staying &quot;off the strip&quot;. Past hotels include &quot;TheHotel&quot;, &quot;Bellagio&quot;, &quot;Monte Carlo&quot;, &quot;Venetian&quot;, and &quot;Wynn&quot;. For the price, this is definitely up there.Pros: ***Spa was really nice and relaxing. Secluded private 'spa only' pools, hot tubs, cabanas, etc etc... ***Poolside cabanas 200/day weekdays 350/day fri-sat-sun. 32&quot; plasma tv, couches, mister, ceiling fan, spekers, private changing room in cabana, dedicated wait staff, complimentary unlimited water, red bull, naked juice (4 flavors), sparkling water, fruit platter, nuts, and salsa/chips. Poolside bar a little expensive, but not over the top. $15 burger, $12 margarita. ***King signature suites are about 1000/sq feet. 2 42&quot; plasmas, bose clock-radio with supplied iPod hookup cable, 1 and 1/2 bath, 4 phones, complimentary shoe-shine service (i got mine done twice!), wet bar, 2 fridges, really comfy beds. HUGE whirlpool tub, plasma in the bathroom, separate water closet in master bathroom, room safe was oversized and in the wall so it didn't take up 1/2 the closet, very clean. ***LBS burger joint was great ($30 for 2 people incl. tip - not bad for lunch - average) ***Diner 'Grand Cafe' was good and super cheap ($20 for 2 people incl. tip for lunch) ***Starbucks on site open 24/7 right outside of casino ***TONS of non-smoking sections within the casino ***There's a CVS/Supermarkey nearby which is definitely 'walkable' if you're in halfway decent shape if you need some incidentals, or would like to stock the spare fridge with some stuff.***Bingo Hall had secluded smoking section. (Yes, we're 30 and tried playing bingo hahaha) - very fun***Staff was super helpful and friendly. They have &quot;A3 Service&quot; which stands for &quot;anything, anytime, anywhere&quot; - basically you call down and if you want cocoa puffs with a pair of Adidas at 3am - they'll get it for you. Didn't test it out, but seems like it would be nice to have in an emergency.***Overall clientele was on the 'clean-cut' side. Not being a snob, but you know what I mean... not too much trailer trash and/or hood-rats.***Town Car Drivers from BLS Limo out front were great. Even offered free line cut passes to us for Ghost Bar and Excess for nothing. I'm not a club person so I didn't take them up on it. Either way a nice gesture.Cons: ***Free &quot;Shuttle&quot; to the strip only runs a few times a day, and is first come-first serve, and only runs until 10pm. (lets face it ... do they really want you spending your money at other casinos?) We took it once, and it only drops you off at the fashion show mall which is all the way at the northern-most end of the strip. It was crowded and hot. The rest of the time we took a town car to the strip at $55/trip....Probably spend a good $300-400 just on transportation to and from the strip for the 4 days/3 nights we were there... Then again, if you're looking to save $$, stay in old vegas.***Free Internet is only available in the rooms, while all public areas are billed at $9.99 for every two hours....***Shower wasn't as hot as I liked it - but not everyone likes a super hot shower, so this may not be a 'con' to everyoneHope this helps you plan your trip. Feel free to email me at [--] with any questions.	
Apr 27 2009 	Hotel Staff is Unhelpful	I recently visited Las Vegas and stayed at the Red Rock Resort. The front desk employees were unorganized and unhelpful (lost reservations, double charged credit card). When I called the desk, I was told that it would be up to a week before the charges were revfersed.There is a $27 per night fee (mandatory) for amenities even if you don't use any of their services. The fire alarm went off in the middle of the night, but did not work on every floor. We had to call the front desk each day to make sure the billing was correct, and it was still wrong. The hotel advertises free shuttle service to / from the strip and to / from the airport, but it only runs a few times a day. Our flight arrived at 8:10 and was told that the shuttle stops running at 8. We had to take a $120 limo to the resort. The shuttle to the strip runs only at 3 and 6 and return trips are at 6:30 and 9:30. Most of the time the shuttle is full, and a cab ride is $50 one way or $100 round trip from the strip. The rooms were clean and well-maintained. The scenery is good, and the pool is very nice. The consierge was very helpful and is one of the few bright spots to the trip.	
Apr 24 2009 	$27 resort fee but can't get a cup of coffee in the morning	There was no coffee in the room. Up for an early flight, we wandered around for 30 minutes looking for coffee, finally paying $2.50 for a stale cup at the casino bar. We were charged a mandatory $27/night 'resort fee', the value of which was never apparent. The room was comfortable, but the front desk staff were aloof at best and seemed determined to not tell us any information about what the hotel had to offer, besides the obvious casino. The website advertises free shuttle service to the airport, but be cautioned that the shuttle only operates on a schedule from 7 am to 9 pm. No other shuttles go to the hotel, so be prepared to spend $60 on a taxi ride.	
Apr 22 2009 	Good Choice for Families	My wife and I stayed here with our 16-month old daughter for 3 nights recently. Overall, a very nice hotel off The Strip but in a peaceful setting. Our room was very clean, and in good shape except for a crack in one of the sinks and a seemingly dripping bathtub spout - not really a huge deal though. It was a bit cooler weather while we were there, but the pool and facilities are great. Excellent choice of restaurants especially the Feast Buffet. Breakfast there is outstanding with a great selection that can't be beat for the price. Look in the local newspaper for a Buy 1 Get 1 Free coupon that we used one morning. All three of us ate for $8. Dinner is also very good and competes with some higher-end buffets on the Strip like Le Village Buffet at the Paris. Our only note of contention is the obnoxious $27 daily resort fee. It seems like they really like to nickel and dime you here. There is a huge minibar selection too, that automatically charges to your room if you remove it for 45 seconds. Again, quite obnoxious. We had ours taken out of the room by housekeeping because it is inconveniently at toddler height. We asked the front desk and it was no problem to have the minibar items. Overall we enjoyed our stay and would choose this hotel again.	
Apr 20 2009 	What an Experience!	Walking into this hotel was breath taking! We had made reservation online from their website and when we went to check in there wasn't a hassle in finding our paper work. The girl at the front desk was very helpful, and answered any questions we had.When we got to our room it was perfect! Perhaps it's because this Hotel is just 'new', but everything in it was clean, fresh and tidy. Although, at about 1AM we heard a knock on the door and someone was attempting to come in! When we called to the Frontdesk and asked who it might have been she was just as astounded as we were and suggested it was House Keeping - at 1AM! It seems they work 24hrs, so i advised that when you head to bed to keep your door lock inside and put the DO NOT DISTURB switch on! But other then this little incident, we were left alone for the remainder of our stay and totally recommend this hotel.Just a quick tip: please note that this hotel is is located off the strip and it's quite a drive out if you rather be closer to the strip!	
Apr 17 2009 	VEGAS at its best - AWESOME	Lots of reviews already saying the same thing. Great place, great pool with plenty of room (not like Bellagio, Pillazo, Mandalay). We loved it here. We landed here by mistake because it was last minute and all the comps we have at other properties were not available on the Fri/Sat we arrived. So nice, so luxurious, so open, so clean, so friendly ... the food is reasonably priced at their fancy restaurants. This is more of a local spot where they go when they want to go out fancy. The locals don't hang on the strip which is touristy! HIked in Red Rocks Canyon for the day. That is amazing must do especially if you bring your kids. Will definately be back!	
Apr 17 2009 	Red Rocks as a Family Vacation	We traveled here with our kids, ages 10 and 12, and I thought I would share some of the aspects of the hotel from a family perspective, with some practical tips about the hotel that might help others out.First, the hotel is new, and all decorated in a post-modern style in dark brown, red and lime green. The rooms are spacious enough for a family of 4 not to feel cramped. There are no coffee/tea making facilities in the room, and the mini bar is packed. They have a 45 second mini bar rule...if anything is moved in the mini bar for longer than 45 seconds: it's yours! Unlike many hotels, you do not have the option of empyting your mini fridge.Views: one side is the Red Rocks canyon (a few miles away) and the pool; the other side is the Strip (about 10 miles away) and some very empty, open dirt spaces for construction that has come to a screeching halt. The canyon side is great if you are going to be in your room a lot during the day; the Strip side obviously for night time.Elevators: There are about 60 rooms on each floor. The rooms are numbered this way: You have your floor number, followed by 1, then your number, with the number closest to the elevator being 01, and the furtherest being 60. So, if you were on floor 17 and had room number 49 (49 rooms from the elevator!), your room number would be 17149. There is only one elevator from the lobby, and as many have commented, it is a loooooong walk to those rooms with the high numbers. I would try and ask for a room number lower than 30. There is a second elevator in the middle of the hallway, around room 30, but that only goes out to the pool area. If you think you're going to spend a lot of time going back and forth to the pool, the rooms around 30 would be great.There are a lot of family friendly activities possible on-site. There is a movie theatre, and a bowling alley. Monday has $1 games, and there is a family bowling package available for a family of four: 2 hours and 4 shoe rentals for $40. There is day care center for kids up to age 12, with things like Wii and Xbox games, but we were told you needed vaccination records to check your kid in. Since that's not really high on my packing list, we didn't inquire further. Next to the day care center is an arcade area with all the usual Chuck E. Cheese/Lazer Star games.However, never forget that the reason this hotel exists is to keep people gambling. The pool closes at 6 pm, and there's a sign saying that no kids are allowed to be unaccompanied in the hotel past 7 pm.There were a lot of kids in the pool when we were there (it was Spring Break); if you want a serene getaway, the spa has it's own lap pool. The spa is available for free (well, there's the daily resort fee) to all guests and is a wonderful place for guests 18 and older. You have the exercise room, outdoor lap pool and cabana area. In separate men/women's sections you have a hot tub, rain shower, dry and steam saunas and full shower facilities. Tea, fruit and water free to guests. Towels and robes provided. A great place to hide from the kids for an hour!Food: The Feast Buffet is great for families. If you sign up for their hotel 'Boarding Pass' card, breakfast is only $6.99. Check out the daily newspaper that gets delivered to your room. While we were there, page 2 of the paper always had a 'buy 1/get 1 free' coupon to the Feast Buffet. If you are a guest in the hotel, you may enter from the right side, rather than standing in the normally very long line on the left side. On the hotel website, I signed up for their 'dinner and a movie' package, but when we checked in at the hotel, we were allowed to convert all that credit into just a food credit, which was great, since we never did end up seeing any movies while we were there.And last, I can't emphasize enough that when you stay at this hotel, you are a LONG way away from Las Vegas, and technically you are in Summerlin, not LV. There is a definite feeling of being in the middle of nowhere (although you do have shopping centers right across the street). We liked that quiet and the isolation (as well as the proximity to Red Rocks Canyon - a definite recommend). However, if you are coming to Las Vegas for fun and action on The Strip, this is NOT, NOT, NOT the place to be.Oh, and if you are driving, GoogleMaps has you getting off at Sahara. The better exit is Charleston, which exits right in front of the hotel.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great time.	The wife &amp; I have been coming out to Las Vegas for 20 years now at least once a year. After all of these years we are able to get our rooms and meals comped to us at about seven different casinos. At most of these casinos we have a casino host which is very helpful.  This year we decided to try a couple of sites we haven't been to before. We choose Red Rock for the first four days and New York New York for the last three days. We went thru a casino host at both properties. We were not scheduled to arrive in Las Vegas till 10:30 pm, so we basically figured the 1st night at Red Rock would be sort of wasted, because we still had to get a rental car after we got out of the airport. Our hosst arragned for a limo for us at the airport which saved us a lot of time and hassle. If you have never done this before I strongly suggest it. It was no time and we were out of the airport and we felt like a million bucks. The next day we took the hotel shuttle down to the airport and then got on the rental car agency shuttle bus with no problems. You can also rent cars right at Red Rock. The wife and I are both slot players and consider ourselves to be in the mid range of gambling level. We bring about $10,000 out with us and if we lose it we lose it. Red Rock had a large variety of slot machines to choose from. Including all the machines we like.From pennies to dollars we found the machines fairly loose. I won 2 hand paid jackpots and the wife came out about even. The food and service was good at the restaurants and the cocktail waitress were better than most casinos we've been too. If you just want something light to eat I strongly suggest the Garden Cafe. The food was better there and you didn't have to wait in any lines like at the buffet which we weren't impressed with. Our room was great especially the soaking tub and the bed and pillows. We didn't have a view because we were on the 3rd floor, but we were close to the elevator and views are not that important to us anymore. We get suites at the other properties we stay at, so when we say the rooms were nice, we mean it. The only complaint we really have about Red Rock was the kids. I've never seen so many kids running around in a casino. The pool which is really nice was packed with little kids everywhere you went. Go out to the pool at 10:30 am if you want a good spot. We had water splashed on our camera and cell phone the second day we were at the pool by 3 kids out of control. Their mother finally came over and told them their behavior was unexceptable. I'm 53 and never heard that before. They just laughed at her and kept it up. Overall I'd have to say our stay at Red Rock was excellent. It was nice to be away from the hassles of the strip. Our last three days we stayed at New York New York, check in was great going thru the VIP lounge and they put us in a nice marquis suite. The gambling wasn't nearly as nice as Red Rock and neither was the food and service. Parking and driving there was bad. You can only get into valet from one direction. Driving on the strip was impossible. We did have a good host who comped us all of our meals. Make sure you put your meals on your room so you can get comped at the end of your stay. The one thing nice about New York New York is that there is lots of places to walk to from there. All things considered for people our age who have been coming out to Las Vegas for awhile, I strongly suggest going to Red Rock and give it a try. The pace is much more layed back there and you can still get the Las Vegas experience by renting a car.	
Apr 13 2009 	Absolutely amazing!	I stayed at the Red Rock in March to work a trade show. I was a little disappointed that the Red Rock was about 20 minutes from the stip with not many taxi's but once I arrived my thinking was changed.There is a free shuttle bus that runs every 2 hours back and forth from the airport, really the best way to go and don't forget to tip! The shuttle times are different on weekends so please review the times on their website before you go.Check in was easy and fast, the lobby elevators are not to far and you don't have to walk thru the casino to get to the elevators. The elevators however are the only elevators. The elevators are not centrally located on the floors. So you get off the elevator and have to walk quite a distance to get to your room if your room resides towards the outter end of the building. My room was quite a hike but well worth it!! The view stunk but I heard the other side of the hall way had remarkable views. The rooms are amazingly spacious and quiet. The TV is large and there is a mini bar in each room [priced to Vegas life]. A nice touch is a Bose radio/alarm clock that I hooked my iPhone up to and listen to music every morning. The beds are very comfy with lots of pillows. The bathroom is huge! Double sinks, seperate tub and nice shower. There are bathrobs and slippers to use and I have no complaints whatsoever about the room. There is also a button by your door that you can push when you don't want to be bother or if you would like your room cleaned. Nice touch.The pool [although I didn't have time to use it] is incredible! Photos don't do it justice! There is a bar by the pool and the awesome spa is also connected to the pool area. The spa I heard is top of the line with offerings for everyone's taste. The casino is a decent size and is surrounded by top notch restaurants. A little bit of everything including a food court for those on the go. At the other end of the food court is a Cinema, iMax theater, bowling alley with VIP private rooms if needed and I heard there was a kids arcade area although I don't recall seeing it.Since I did stay at Red Rock for work I thought I would mention that the meeting and convention area is great. Located on the 5th floor using the room elevators or the escalators. I like the location because other facilities will put meeting areas at one end of the building so you must walk for miles [or so it seems] in heels and then stand for hours on end to have to turn around and walk back. The location really saved my soles! It also is very beautiful.Don't plan on a whole lot of shopping here, this place is not built around tourism. They have one gift shop and a few higher end stores. The gift shop has nice items but nothing that just screams Las Vegas!! Oh there is a StarBucks down by the gift shop that is open early and open late.I had a 6 am flight out and the shuttle bus doesn't start running that early so I scheduled a town car to pick me up. Very friendly driver and the cost was 56 dollars before a tip. Overall absolutely amazing and yes I will be back!!	
Apr 9 2009 	Nice....very nice	Upscale in the middle of nowhere USA. Conferance facilities were fine, food was good.As nice a room as I've seen in a hotel. Pool for closed during conferance for remodeling! Isn't this place relatively new? (big disappointment) .Nice layout. I liked this place. It helps when the slots were very generous to me.House money always makes for a nice stay!Overall thumbs up!	
Apr 6 2009 	Going downhill fast.	We have stayed at the Red Rock several times in the past year. It is a very nice hotel, but the service and attitude are quickly going down the toilet. I suspect they have new management that is being very short sited. For example, if you buy a cigar in the gift shop they will not have matches, because they want you to buy a lighter instead. It is okay if you buy a $15 dollar cigar but they can't give you ( or even sell you ) a pack of matches. If you go down to Starbucks for a coffee in the morning and do not have photo ID a nasty girl who has been taking cranky pills will send you back to your room without a coffee. It can be a long to your room and back again for a $2.00 coffee. This gives you plenty of time to get your blood boiling. But then again I am sure they get a lot of con artists with a room key (that they know the billing details for) trying to scam a coffee at 6:45 a.m. In my case I was on my way back from the spa wearing a Red Rock housecoat, so for sure that would be strong indication that I was not a guest of the hotel and must have just walked in off the street to try to scam a coffee. My room had lights burned out and a pile of what looked like dog food crumbs by the bed when we arrived. The lights got fixed after I complained but the dirt on the floor took three days to finally be cleaned. Every day was a mystery as to what would and would not be cleaned. In a week, the ice bucket only was cleaned twice and the glass wear was a complete crap shoot. I read one of the previous reviews saying the internet is free. Well actually they charge a $25.00 resort fee in addition to your room rate so it is not free. They had a promo that included a free buffet, but this was billed to your room and would only be removed if you requested it on checkout. This was not a mistake but the standard procedure and obviously set up that way to cheat people. Pretty sleazy. Many of the staff are fabulous and the rooms and beds are excellent. It is a shame that the management and their policy is ruining a very nice hotel.	
Apr 2 2009 	Very Nice Property - but Slots are Tight	My wife and I just returned from a week's stay at Red Rock. The property is less than three years old and still looks brand new. The rooms are very comfortable with a unique contemporary style. The beds are &quot;way&quot; comfortable, the marble &amp; chrome bathrooms are large -- with a deep soaker tub that has a flat screen TV on the wall for bath viewing. The large plasma TV in the room is nice but there isn't any HD programming, so it's a waste.The little fridge is packed with overpriced items and has no room for anything you want to put in. If an item is lifted for more than 45 seconds it is charged to your account, so be careful. Same goes for the snack items on the dresser.Our room was on the 19th floor facing Red Rock Canyon, and the view was ok. I requested a strip view room, but none were available. Keep in mind that the higher the room number the farther the room is from the elevator. If your room is above 20, it's a loooong walk.Buffet fair is good and the 24-hour cafe is convenient for all meals, snacks and morning coffee. There are two Starbucks for those who like burnt coffee. There is a food court that offers smoothies, Italian, Chinese, and my new favorite -- FatBurger. We did not eat at any of the fine dining places -- they are all expensive and we didn't see the value.Gambling: I play video poker and the machines were very tight. The only time I did well was when I kept cards that would be condsidered a long shot. I would go through long stretches before getting a pair to keep. Three of a kind at draw was rare and I was dealt four kings once, and I must have logged 20 hours on various machines around the casino.The pool area is awesome, but wasn't open until we were there several days. The weather wasn't great because of storm systems and many days were too windy. The spa has nice freebies but spa services are also expensive.Overall, my wife &amp; I had a pleasant stay. We booked through Expedia and the room cost us under $600 for seven nights. Beware the $27+ daily resort fee.We'll probably select a different location when we return to Vegas, but I would recommend Red Rock for those who do not want to stay on the strip. It's a 15 minute drive away when you want to visit, which is our preference.Those of you who have never seen &quot;Valley of Fire State Park&quot;, Nevada's first state park, I highly recommend it. It's about 45 minutes up I-15 north of the city and well worth the trip.	
Apr 1 2009 	It was so relaxing	My husband and I travel to Las Vegas about 4 times per year. This time we stayed at the Red Rock, as we enjoy the station casinos. The Red Rock was more than either of us could ask for. The rooms were gorgeous, the pool was relaxing, the $25 day amenity fees gives access to the Spa, which was wonderful for jacuzzi and relaxation. The casino is large, the staff very pleasant. Red Rock was able to check us in early, 200 pm after busy weekend was perfect. Overall, we loved everything about the red rock, including the regal cinema, starbucks and setting. The Slots did seem tighter than I would have liked, but overall a glorious stay.	
Mar 30 2009 	Ok but probably won't be back	My husband and I just returned from a four night stay at the Red Rock. Overall the hotel was pretty good. The main pool was closed and we were VERY disappointed. They really should be required to notify guests before they make reservations. We were able to lay out at the small Cherry club pool but it just was not the same. The rooms were nice and clean but stayed at the Palazzo last time and the rooms were better. The breakfast buffet was good. There is a coupon in the morning paper you get for buy one get one free so that was nice. The slots were a little tight. The staff was very nice especially the valet guys. You must have a car if you stay here which is an added expense. Overall, it was ok! Nothing amazing and will probably stay on the strip next time.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great Resort off the Strip.	After spending some time at Zion National Park and Bryce Canyon, my wife and I decided to spend an extra night in Vegas. After checking reviews, we decided to check out Red Rocks for its location away from the strip (we already had a night planned on the strip) and their dinner and a movie special.Check-in was prompt with a minimal wait. We did have to specifically ask about the dinner/movie package during check-in. The lobby has a very modern and refined feel, of course the giant chandelier definitely didn't hurt that image. The King room was very comfortable, and had a great view of the strip from a distance. The bathroom was nice, and had a shower and soaking tub. The Feast Buffet, which was part of the dinner and movie special, had a wide selection of food and great desserts.Overall, we would highly recommend this hotel and would come back if visiting Vegas again. Just be aware of the location away from the strip, and be sure to check their website for specials. If you travel during the off season, you can find pretty good deals on Hotels in the area.	
Mar 29 2009 	Oasis of luxury and calm	The Red Rock Casino is a gorgeous resort and definitely worth staying at. The rooms are beautifully appointed and maintained, the beds immensely comfortable and the bathrooms pleasure palaces in their own right. Internet is free, as are newspapers delivered daily. Turndown service with chocolates and the views are spectacular. One can happily hole up here for several days, relax, gamble, enjoy gourmet or simple dining and be pampered and not bother with doing anything else or going anywhere else. Puts the strip casinos to shame.	
Mar 29 2009 	Worth the drive	About 6 miles off the Strip is a gem of a resort and casino - Red Rock. Located at west of the strip at the base of the Red Rock Mountains, this place offers a serene retreat in 1st class accommodations. Rooms have true spa like quality with beautiful views. Pools and Spa Services are top notch. Dining options are fabulous and suited to all budgets.Casino offers lots of video poker and gaming. We stayed two nights and wish it could have been longer!	
Mar 28 2009 	Disappointed by pool closure	Our family and another both with 2 young children thought this would be a great spring break location due to the warmth and the pools. We went specifically so the kids could swim, and the adults could gamble, use the spa and other amenities. We were shocked to learn upon our arrival the pools were closed for annual maintenance. We were not informed of this fact either via direct communication with the resort prior to our arrival or via their website. The resort tried to make it up by providing guest privelages at the other Station Casino in town, but we had to rent a car to get there but the kids had a great time. Otherwise, the resort and casino were exceptionally clean, over-the-top customer service, great kids facility w/ Wii games, basketball, hair and nail salon- they loved it, and the bowling. We would go back but check ahead first about the pools- it was a fluke.	
Mar 27 2009 	Pricey!!	Although I found the hotel to be beautiful, elegant and clean, I was disappointed by the spa service and prices. I had a scalp massage that was supposed to last 25 minutes and include a brief neck massage and the therapist probably spent about 15 minutes basically just rubbing my head and went no where near my neck. I was charged $85 for something that should of cost $25 and it was recommended by the receptionist at the front desk that I leave a 22% gratuity, which I reluctantly did!!	
Mar 25 2009 	One of the gem resorts of Las Vegas	From the moment we checked in we felt pampered. The check-in service was excellent. The front desk was very friendly and helpful in answering all of our questions. We found all of the hotel and casino staff very welcoming. Unfortunately the pool was closed but the weather was cooler so that did not effect our plans. We ate at the cafe/bakery and the meals were very reasonable and the food was excellent. We had dinner and breakfast at the cafe and enjoyed both. The rooms are spectacular! They are large and beautifully decorated. We stayed on the 11th floor and never had to wait for an elevator. The bathroom had both a tub and shower. The tub was deep and there was a flat screen TV mounted to the wall so you could soak in the bath salts that were provided and relax. We found the casino slots to be very liberal and there were plenty of machines. There was plenty of parking and you are only a few steps from the hotel or casino. One day we took a ride up to Red Rock Canyon and that was beautiful and only about 15 miles from the hotel. If you want a break from the casino/Strip scene, this is an excellent place to visit. We had a reasonable room rate because we signed up for the players club last year so our room was even cheaper than most mid-priced rooms on the Strip. All in all, it was a wonderful three night stay.	
Mar 25 2009 	Loved It!!	Stayed 3/22/09 - 3/25/09The hotel is perfect with everything you need. The decor is chic, modern, and urban. It has restaurants in every price range to meet your needs. Buffet is decent: approx $8 for breakfast, $12 for lunch, and $18 for dinner (all prices listed are without the &quot;Boarder Pass&quot;, Red Rock's frequent players' card). For the kids, Red Rock has a movie threatre and bowling alley.I stayed on the 16th floor with a beautiful view of the canyons. The $27 daily resort fee includes internet access and gym access - so it's fairly reasonable. Staff and valet were friendly. Highly recommand having your own car when staying here....The view itself is worth the stay. Red Rock is more for relaxation, spa, and beautiful sunsets/sunrise at the Canyons. This place is away from the crowds yet it has everything you need. I booked through Expedia and got a good rate (under $100 a day). I stayed Sunday through Wednesday. I've been to Vegas over 20 times, and stayed at most hotels on the strip. Red Rock is one of my favorites, and with the low rate it was a GREAT deal!	
Mar 24 2009 	I could have spent the whole weekend in the bathtub	Red Rock is a beautiful hotel/casino. I don't know how old it is but still looks quite new and therefore quite nice. The casino is clean and has a non-smoking area with frequent drink service. (Play Planet Moolah - it's a hilarious slot machine.) The pool is only open til about 4:00pm during this off-season but again it was very nice and very large.The sleeping room was just great. It has a large, wall-mounted LCD television in the sleeping room and a smaller one in the bathroom perfectly situated for watching television while soaking in the very deep bathtub. (There is also a separate shower.) The room decor is great and the whole thing is well done and rather peaceful. I think the hotel was fairly well booked during my stay but the corridors were quiet.The spa and workout rooms were also very nice albeit a little crowded at times. The hotel runs a shuttle service to a local mall as well as the airport, but it stops running around 8:00 p.m. You will have to take a taxi from the airport after that time and it runs about $50.00 without traffic. Most of the staff was very friendly and helpful but I was surprised that the young men at the front doors watched several people struggle to open doors while juggling their luggage. I guess if you tell them you don't need their help with the luggage - you don't get any help. A small inconvenience. There is a $27 per day resort fee which handles a few things including internet access in your sleeping room. I think it was high for what you get, but again, not a reason to stay away - just something to consider.	
Mar 22 2009 	The pool was closed - no advance notification!!!!!!	Let me start by saying that I realize that Vegas is not considered to be child friendly BUT no where on the Red Rock Hotel website did they say that there would be no place for a child to swim on the property. that's right we were handed a letter advising us that all the pools were closed because they were hard at work on the pool decks except for two that would be available for 18+ only. Needless to say we spent a lot of time explaining to our daughter that she cannot swim, only adults can swim. Our room overlooked the pool deck and in the 4 days we were there, NO WORK AT ALL BEING DONE. Nice. Why lie about it? We won't stay there again - child or no child with us - BUT I will say this, it was a gorgeous hotel, the music is relaxing and I didn't smell smoke anywhere. So....why can't they get it right and ensure that ALL Of their customers are satisfied....even those that are under the age of 18??? So close....and by the way if we had received advance notification that would have been no problem as we would have stayed somewhere else!!	
Mar 19 2009 	Mixed bag	I had to stay here for a conference, and there were definitely some good and bad parts of my stay. Another reviewer described this as having a boutique hotel feel... that is true. It reminded me of a Kimpton property, casino style... in a good way. It really was much prettier than I was expecting, both the rooms and the lobby, casino etc. Also we had an UNBELIEVABLE view.. it was absolutely gorgeous. That said, the place was overpriced. Much nicer hotels on the strip were significantly cheaper. They also really gloss over where they are located and the difficulty of getting to the strip, necessity of renting a car etc. You absolutely need to rent a car if you stay here.. no question about that. When I realized (by reading reviews) how isolated this place really was, I tried to cancel and was told that I would be charged for the room anyway since it was within 48 hrs of my arrival. (A) - this is not standard, and (B) - no one told me this when I booked. The woman on the phone could barely speak English and it was EXTREMELY frustrating to deal with her. I think they just need to be up front about this kind of stuff (both location, access to strip, cancellation policies) or else people are going to get pretty upset. Also: there is some kind of light switch in the room that you are supposed to press if you want a maid to come in and clean the room. I don't know about you, but I have never heard of anything like that before. My expectation is that if I do not leave a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign up, my room will be serviced. I even called after the 2nd night to ask why my room had not been serviced and no one told me about this. I figured it out myself right before checkout when I noticed the thing on the wall. So, my room was never cleaned throughout the duration of a 4 night stay. To be honest, this policy strikes me as a way to cut corners. I am sure that most people do not recognize what you are supposed to do if you want your room cleaned, so the cleaning staff ends up being able to do less work. I ate at the hotel twice, once at the 24 hr place next to the casino (breakfast- delicious) and once for room service (terrible). Long story short, if you are okay with being a little bit isolated (there are plenty of places nearby, just not casinos- it's NOT the strip), then it is a good option. If they can take care of some service issues, be up front about what they offer, and lower prices, it would be even better.	
Mar 13 2009 	They Only Care About the Super Rich Guests	If you are not a millionaire (&quot;VIP&quot;), I do not recommend that you stay at this hotel. Our large group rented this hotel off of the Vegas strip. Our conference ended at 2:00. We paid extra to stay overnight so that we could go to the &quot;Vegas Strip&quot;. However, seven of us (the hotel's guests) were standing in line and waiting to get onto the shuttle ahead of time. Because the shuttle only had 14 seats, were not able to go to the Vegas strip. The hotel staff was unsympathetic; and had a general nonchalant attitude. They did not provide transportation until 6:00 and their last van that retured from the strip was at 9:00 - on a Friday night! Do not waste your time! They don't care about the average, everyday working person. Spend your hard earned money at a hotel on the strip. It will be cheaper and the customer service will be better. Despite seven different people's attempts to speak with a manger, we were consistently told that &quot;all of the managers were in a meeting&quot;.	
Mar 11 2009 	Friendly service excellent casino quite and relaxing	I stayed in early March for 2 nights. i have visited Red Rock Casino on day trips before but this was my first time staying there. Took free shuttle from airport and there was no line to check in. Room was on 17th floor and had a great view of mountains. Weather was low 70s but pool water was too cold to use. I imagine this would be a great place to stay in the summer. Casino employees (dealers, pit bosses were very friendly) and I played about 3 hours each morning wagering from $25-50 a hand. They do have $5 tables in the morning also. The buffet is above average although there is no shrimp on the lunch buffet. The coffee shop turkey dinner was awesome. It was real roasted turkey and was better than my mother's Thanksgiving dinners and it was only $10. There is a shuttle that goes to the strip every 2 hours or you can do I what I did and rent a car. I will definitly be returning on my next trip in august.	
Mar 8 2009 	Relaxing stay close to Vegas	I was at the Red Rock for a convention and simply loved it.The style of the hotel is much more of an upscale boutique-style than typical Vegas behemoth. The rooms were much more spacious than I've had on the strip and I loved the casino (my relative good luck probably coloring that view a bit . . .).The interesting thing about the setup at the Red Rock is that you can completely avoid the casino if you want to. Access to the pool and cabanas, spa and restaurants does not require you to pass through the gambling areas like in other places. I found that refreshing even though I was gambling at the casino each day.The pool area is large and there is good food and bar service there. The cabanas and spa areas are very nice and there is a good workout facility. Getting downtown will take you 25-50 minutes depending upon traffic, but I didn't find it to be that much of a hassle. If I were spending a lot of time gambling in Strip casinos, I would stay there, but the Red Rock is a relaxing getaway where great gaming is available (there or elsewhere) if you want it.The convention space was great, among the better setups I've seen in the last few years. I appreciated the ability to get wifi in the convention area and do work between sessions.	
Mar 3 2009 	Beautiful roomsspacious2 flatscreens!!	The flatscreen to watch while you are soaking in the bath tub is excellent. Views of the strip are interesting. We stayed on the 7th floor,and it was nice. 10 miles to strip,but to be honest...it is a nice break from the huge crowds. casino is good,buffet is excellent...Bed was great,clean room. The fitness center was adequate. The chandelier in the lounge is awe inspiring. Great for a couple who want to kick back in Vegas for 4 nights,or so....Younger,partying types may prefer to stay on the strip. Hotel was newer,clean,good service....great stay	
Mar 2 2009 	Great change of pace from the strip	We like to hike and having a car and the Red Rock Canyon just about outside your door was fabulous. Having a car is essential and getting to the strip is quick and easy and with valet parking everywhere a no-brainer. The hotel's decor is fun while being upscale. Dining wasn't exceptional but the location made it so easy to jump into town. The rooms are oversized and have spectacular views of those red rocks and they are very, very comfortable.	
Feb 27 2009 	Nice to be Away from the Strip	We were looking for a long weekend getaway with the kids (3 and 10) and thought Las Vegas would be something different as they had never been. I didn't really want to be on the Strip so we chose Red Rock. The hotel and surrounding snow covered mountains were beautiful. I loved the location. Every staff member that we encountered was pleasant and knowledgeable, many going out of their way to assist. The kids absolutely loved the TV over the bath tub (an added perk--they actually begged to take baths).The restaurants in the Hotel are overpriced but we expected that. The first night we chose LBS, a gourmet burger restaurant and after we got over the initial shock of a $16 burger we really enjoyed the meal. I ordered a veggie burger and I honestly have to say that it was definitely the best one I have ever had (and being a vegetarian I order them often and am usually disappointed). The next night we discovered several mid-range chain restaurants within walking distance of the Hotel.The only negative comments that I have were with the cleanliness of the room (as the last person commented), the icy pool and the honor bar. When we got to our room I noticed that in the bathroom, along the wall near the toilets had not been cleaned. There was dirt and hair that needed to be removed. We are used to having a coffee maker and refrigerator in rooms when we travel. The room had a refrigerator but it was full of overpriced honor bar drinks with no extra room. Also, on the low dresser were several cartons of snacks, etc. that were displayed in the open in plain sight. We were warned by the front desk that if these were moved we would be billed ($10 for what looked to be a 100 calorie pack of chocolate chip cookies etc.). Throughout the stay I was concerned that one of the kids would lie something on this display, knocking over the carton causing us to be billed. Not a good idea Red Rock! Put the things in a cabinet, please.Last on my list is the pool. We were told that the pool was open during the day. We were NOT told that it was not heated. The pool area is lovely and there are several pools and hot tubs. Unfortunately, only one small (12 person?) hot tub was heated. Needless to say it was the &quot;kiddie pool&quot; as like us, other parents had promised pool time for the kids. The kids were very disappointed as the main, unheated pool was even too cold for them! Next time, please warn us ahead of time that the pool is open but unheated!If you are looking for non-casinos side trips, don’t miss the Hoover Dam and Mount Charleston as well as the Red Rock recreation area. Las Vegas is a beautiful place once you get away from town!	
Feb 22 2009 	Overall a great place to stay off the Strip	This was our third stay at Red Rock and we are always impressed with the beauty of the interior of the hotel and casino. Service has improved dramatically from the front desk staff to the cleaning staff. Very friendly and accomodating. We got a great rate and even though it is a bit far from my in-laws in Henderson, the freeways make for an easy commute. Only disappointment was the cleanliness of the rooms. Carpets had not been swept and there was quite a bit of hair and lint in the corners of the bathroom. Second day was better but not at the level it has been previously. Beds are great and the views either strip or mountains are wonderful. Make sure to ask for a room close to the elevator if you do not like to walk as the higher number rooms are quite a hike. The casino has all newer slot machines with quite a selection of penny slots (we are not big gamblers!) compared to many of the strip casinos. We would certainly stay again for the right price.	
Feb 21 2009 	Amazing Place!!!!	This hotel and resort spa was seriously one of the nicest places I have ever stayed. From the minute we walked in the door to the minute we left after 4 nights for a business trip, every single staff member was amazingly friendly and proud of where they work.The food was great, not that we ate there too much. The casino staff were very friendly and helpful.Most of all the facilities, rooms, cleanliness and extras were all second to none. I cannot say too much more, but if you are going to Vegas, stay here for sure if you want something different other than the main big older hotels on the strip.	
Feb 17 2009 	Beautiful contemporary resort and spa!!	My wife and I stayed here for 4 days a month and a half ago. It was an exceptionally clean, comfortable and beautiful Hotel. The service and staff were excellant. It was approximately 18 miles from the strip, which we loved because it wasn't sensory overload. We stayed there because it was down the street from Red Rock Canyon so we could go hiking. The room was impeccably clean and very contemporary, but not gaudy. The king size bed was SO COMFORTABLE! And the linens were very soft! Even though it had a casino (we're not gamblers) It wasn't too crazy as far as the noise and as guests we didn't have to walk through it when we wanted to come in or go out of the Hotel.The Japanese/Sushi restaurant there was great! Try some of their Sakis..there are some brilliant ones!We will definately be staying there again when we go back to the area!! We highly recommend staying here!!	
Feb 15 2009 	Wonderful	As someone who usually stays at Wynn, this is WONDERFUL if you want to be away from the strip. The downside to the hotel, is the elevators. If your room is not near them you can walk and walk and walk to reach your room. The rooms are GREAT, service is good all in all you wont be disapointed. If you like to walk the strip it is not for you.	
Jan 28 2009 	Beautiful hotel terrible service.	I wanted to take my girlfriend somewhere special for our anniversary, so I thought we could have a week of fun and exploration in Las Vegas and the Grand Canyon. I'd previously stayed here with friends and enjoyed the hotel for the brief time I was in it, so I thought we were in for a treat. I called well in advance and asked them to have a bottle of champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries for us when we arrived. These never showed up to our room, yet I was billed for them. Then I called to have them taken off the bill, and the charge sneakily reappeared on my credit card the next month. I ended up finally getting in touch with someone in the accounting department who finally removed the bogus charge from my account and took ownership, assuring me it wouldn't happen again without a good reason. Again, well in advance, I told the front desk person that it was our anniversary and that I wondered if they had a lotions/bubblebath basket available for sale, not telling me that nearly everything that I bought for $120 was also available complimentary in the room, and the lotions/soaps available in the room were pleasant smelling, unlike the foul-smelling disaster that was the gift basket. I can't stress this enough: don't buy the bath basket.We arrived to our room and there was a pile of dirty dishes and a bag of used linens outside of our door, and when we got inside, our minibar was about half-stocked, leaving me to wonder if the room had ever been turned since the last customers had left. I called the front desk to inquire about the missing minibar goods, and they assured me that they wouldn't be charged to my account - after a week of charges and room service, I don't know that I would catch those small charges if they did happen. The week ended up being a pretty disappointing trip due to the staff's blunders and indifference, not to mention the several phone calls to resolve the fraudulent charges to my credit card, but I have to admit that the hotel's accommodations were beautiful and the place was relatively relaxing partially because of its distance from the strip.	
Jan 27 2009 	Outstanding hotel	My wife and I spent our wedding night here before heading out on our honeymoon. They were nice enough to upgrade us to a suite, granted my wife had her wedding dress on so that kind of help. We are both Vegas residents and we always wanted to try this place out and it was a great decision. The service was great and the staff was very kind. The hotel itself has a trendy and modern feel to it. If you want to stay at a very nice hotel that is off the beaten track (being the strip), the Red Rock is the best. Although it is off the beaten track, it is really only 20 minutes from all the action. The view is outstanding regardless if you have the strip or canyon view!	
Jan 25 2009 	Must Stay!	If you are going to Vegas and don't want or have to stay on the strip, the Red Rock is your perfect choice. Our best friends joined us for this exceptional visit. From the moment we arrived, the staff was exceptionally accomodating from the front door, to the room service, to the restaurant staff. We couldn't have asked for anything more. We were particularly impressed with the decor of the property and its cleanliness. It is only three years old, so that helps. But, the combination of rock including marble, granite, red stone, etc. with Swarski crystal chandilers was brilliant. Then the food. TBone was exceptional, in fact the best meal we had in Vegas! The decor was both steak house with contemporary comfortable design. The steak was the best I've had in a long time and I am a steak snob. We had also eaten in the Luxor's Tender, which doesn't even hold a candle to TBones. In fact, do not eat at Tender. If you want a delightful time with great service and food, oh yes the casino is roomy, then go to Red Rock. A bit about the rooms, we were completely spoiled and stayed in the two bedroom suite, complete with a pool table and an outdoor jacuzzi spa and barbeque! The bedrooms were huge and the bathroom included a toilet with toys! Ask for one!	
Jan 13 2009 	Really liked the Red Rock	We stayed at the Red Rock Jan 3-8, 2009. We were there for a photography conference, and as one of the speakers, we were put in a suite. It was fabulous. Very clean, spacious, and beautiful. We were in room 19-102, and the one problem I would say is you could hear the elevator all night long. We had the mountain view, and it was gorgeous. There is plenty to do in the resort to keep busy. Bowling alley, arcade, movie theatre, resturants, shops and of course, casinos, which we didn't use. There is a free bus that takes you to Fashion Show Mall on the Strip. It runs about every 2 hours. Very nice, esp since a taxi ride is about $50. You can also take the bus to and from the airport.We were VIP, and there is a private check in room, where coffee and soft drinks are provided all the time. The vip elevator goes directly into that room. It's awesome. I would highly recommend this hotel if you don't mind being out away from the strip.	
Jan 13 2009 	Fancy Resort nice stay	My business trip at the Red Rock resort was a very pleasant one. The hotel is brand new and very fancy. Decorations are nice, the swimming pool area is great and the restaurants are OK (we loved the sushi).Rooms are very (very!) spacious, well equipped, with large windows and a view towards... well, that's the point. The surroundings are in construction, and will obviously become a large recreation area, but for the moment (2008) there was really not much outside the hotel.Location would be the only drawback. The resort is quite far from the strip (30') and at night, I felt like I was missing the action. If you have a car or plan activities near the Red Rock Canyon, you should be fine. If you want shopping and 24h action, get closer to the Strip.Overall, I really liked the place and it was perfect for business meetings. But it's a good thing I also booked several days on the Strip.	
Jan 11 2009 	Pleasant Stay	We enjoyed a pleasant 8 night stay at the Red Rock Hotel over New Year. The room was large, comfortable and well furnished and all staff were attentive, friendly and helpful. Two issues however prevent us from awarding the hotel 5 stars. Firstly we felt the 27.24 dollar daily resort fee was a very expensive way of having a daily newspaper and a spa dip. Second and more importantly, we were blasted by cigarette smoke from the casino each time we made our way to one of the restaurants. Obviously a design fault here. That said, the buffet was good for breakfast but disappointing for the evening meal. There are many good restaurants in the vacinity. Our best meal was probably at The Melting Pot on Charlestown and our worst, by quite a distance, at Gordon Biersch on Rampart. I can still taste the salt more than a week later.!	
Jan 8 2009 	Almost Perfect	We spent two nights here as a layover on our way out to the Grand Canyon. We had passed this hotel last time we were in Vegas on our way out to Red Rock and thought it looked pretty cool and the location was very convenient to the park. Since we were planning on doing some hiking in Red Rock it was a no brainer to stay there.The Good-The rooms are fantastic! I couldn't believe the size of our standard king room. It was clean and tastefully decorated. I know others have complained of the Strip view being too far away but I loved it at night. The lights were just mesmerizing. We actually spent our last night drinking champagne and just staring out the floor to ceiling windows at the twinkling valley. -The location was perfect for what we were looking for. If you want to be close to the strip this is definitely not the hotel for you. It's about a 10 minute drive into Red Rock Canyon which is a must do if you stay at this hotel. The place is just gorgeous! There is a variety of hiking options for all skill levels. We did the turtlehead peak hike which was awesome but not for the inexperienced. If hiking isn't your bag, the 13 mile scenic drive is well worth the $5 entry fee. There are plenty of stores near by which was great for picking up little necessities at non-hotel prices.-When we weren't playing in the park, we were eating/drinking/gambling. We ate at the Grand Cafe, Cabos, and LBS. All meals were good- reasonably priced and the service was exceptional. Everyone, and I do mean everyone, went out of their way to provide friendly and prompt service. I really can't say enough about how friendly and courteous the staff was. The casino is very nice and well ventilated. We actually were able to get cocktail service at regular intervals while playing! There are plenty of cheap machines to drain your wallet at a slow pace. If drinking and gambling don't make you happy there's bowling, a movie theater, and an arcade.The Bad-Elevator layout. We had the first room off the elevator so we never had to experience the full walk but just for fun I did it just to see how far it was. It is a very, very, very long walk. I don't understand why a hotel of this level couldn't put an elevator in at the other end of the loop. I really feel for those who have to lug all their stuff down to the other end. Even if you pack light and are in good shape it would still be a major pain.-Noise Level. Being close to the elevator had it's downside. You could hear every word of every conversation in the hallway. The people weren't even being loud. The walls are just paper thin. What's even weirder is that the room is actually set back aways from the main hallway! I've had better sound proofing in an Econo Lodge. Again, this seems to be a major design flaw like the elevators.-The Resort Fee. Something really bothers me about having to pay another bill for services I don't even use after I've already &quot;paid&quot; for my stay. I don't understand why they don't just put it into the price of the hotel. I know it's only another 25/night but it just makes you feel like you're being nickled and dimed.The Bottom LineI will definitely stay here again but it will be more for it's proximity to Red Rock than the hotel itself. The hotel is very nice and the rates are decent but if all I wanted was luxury I would probably stick to the Bellagio.	
Jan 8 2009	Fourth time-much improved	I took the family for our December trip to Vegas and gave Red Rock another chance because the kids love it there. We hit the cold stretch (snow in the mountains), so outdoor activities were a bust. Good thing the resort has so much to do.My casino host gave me a nice rate, and I upgraded to the suite with an adjoining room to give us more space. Well worth the small fee to upgrade and if you have kids, I would suggest doing it.The service was so much better than our last trip there. All the casino dealers were wonderful, and the front desk, bell and outside staff were the usual stellar performers.The rooms were kept very clean and we enjoyed all the things there that the kids love; bowling, movies, Kid's Quest, and the arcade and food court. Sign up for poker is easy to do with your card, and hanging out in the sports room is very nice. The breakfast buffet was a hit with the kids, and really, the prices are very reasonable, except on Christmas morning, when it's $17. Coffee shop is a great substitute.Lastly, a reflection of the economy. When we ventured out christmas 2007 for food, we were lucky to find one pizza place open. In 2008, there were scores of restaurants and shops open, both on Christmas eve and day. Even vegas is struggling!Back to loving the Red Rock!	
Jan 6 2009 	Red rocks---Rocks!	We spent our 10th wedding anniversary at RR. I had noted that we werespending our anniversary at RR and when we checked in in the young man thefront desk notice that we were spending our 10th there and upgraded ourroom. The nicest thing was that he sent up a bottle of champagne for us tocelebrate that night! Great customer service! We are pool type of people so we enjoyed sitting by the pool most of the daywatching both families and young singles mingle around the pool. It seem tobe a nice mix of both. I will tell you get to the pool early since theseating seems to go fast. As for things to do RR, we enjoyed bowling, casino (no money won), and wedid manage to get a round of golf in at the TPC Canyons which is a short 10minute drive away. Food wise we enjoyed the Salt Lick BBQ. We tend to belate eaters and we found many of the restaurants tent to close early. Thecafe is open 24/7. All and all we loved the RR and will continue to come back, they understandwhen you do the little things right customers will return. Well done RR!	
Jan 4 2009 	All Good Here	Stayed here for a conference over a long weekend. As luck had it I came down with the flu while there and spent most of my free time in my room.Considering this I feel confident of my room review. This is one of the nicest rooms I have stayed in for the price. Everything immaculate, state of the art and well appointed. No complaints at all save the hallway banter on occassion. I've seen the comments on the doorless showers and can say I was pleasantly surprised to find virtually no water on the floor. Amazing what a foot towel will do!Had a chance to walk the casino, food court and visit the bowling alley. It all appeared nice but as I participated in none I could not give an opinion	
Jan 1 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	I had an incredible stay at the hotel. The rooms were awesome and the views were spectacular. The casino, bowling, movie theater, food selections and sports book were all great and provided many options for activities on site. The night club was nice and had a good atmosphere. The pool area should be a hot spot during the summer months.	
Dec 30 2008 	Gigantic and Fancy	This hotel is great. All in all it was an incredibly luxurious experience. It's fancy, clean, nice furniture, nice nature picture decorations. We stayed on the 10th floor-got a free upgrade to a bigger room. It was huge and clean. It had an enormous bath tub and a tv to watch while you are soaking in your bath salts. The view was amazing. It was a strip view-at night, the lights from the strip made a great backdrop. Housekeeping was very thorough. The people at the front desk were friendly and answered all my questions. If I wanted to, I didn't need to leave the hotel-swimming pool, bowling, food court, gambling, bars, restaurants, spa etc...but my husband and I really wanted to go to red rocks park to climb. It was very close to the hotel-easy to go back and forth from. The second night we went to the strip. Driving to it was easy and we found free parking right away. Only two things annoyed me-1. the free shuttle to the strip stops shuttling pretty early at night, so it is not something to take if you want a night out on the town. But if you have a car, it seemed easy to park on the strip so it worked out okay.2. The casino owns everything, of course. So when I tried to be cheap and get breakfast from the Starbucks in the hotel with my gift card, I found out that the Starbucks does not take gift cards or Starbucks credit cards. They want all your money!I would definitely stay here again for my combo night on the town/climbing all day experience. I got the hotel for 90/night not including lots more money for the casino tax and resort fee-i think the total was 250 for 2 nights.	
Nov 28 2008 	Terrible Service for the $$	Husband &amp; I shose to stay at the Red Rock - in spite of better rates at other Premium resorts on the Vegas Strip - because of reviews that described the service as top notch - sadly that was not our experience.• Spa was closed the week we stayed• &quot;Complimentary&quot; shuttle service and Gym admission is not free - we were charged $27 per/day (though we did not use any of these services) - fee was charged upon check-out.• Specialty cocktails advertised by 2 restaurants on their web site menus were not available due to ingredients being out-of-stock• The bar at the on-site bowling alley did not open during our play (though staff said that it should have opened at noon).• The movie times listed at the on-site theater posted incorrect times (staff said that the marquee had not been updated)• We sent back the coffee at the Cafe because it was weak - looked like tea - received more of the same - did not drink the coffee - but was charged (for 2 cups of coffee).• There was only one craps table open during our first night - it was full, so we kept checking back before and after dinner - it was still too full to join the game - so we drove to the Strip (to play).• Room was extremely dimly lit (even with all of the lights on)• There are no signs for the Registration Desk (from the parking garage) FYI: it's not in the area labeled as &quot;Casino/Lobby&quot; - it's actually one floor down from that - was very inconvenient wandering around with our bags looking for the check-in counter.Paid top dollar for a premium resort experience - don't waste your money (too) - save it for Mandalay Bay or the Wynn.	
Nov 18 2008 	9 Days of Relaxation - Awesome	Booked this vacation through US Air Vacations. Stayed 7/11-18/08. Stayed with the wife and our two kids. Love it. Two rooms and enough space to make the kids feel special. The staff was great to us and our kids. Resturants were very good and the food court was great for lunch. The movie theater and bowling alley were a perfect match for our family vacation, just another reason why we picked RRCRS. Spent a day at the Grand Canyon, went to the strip twice. Ate at Mesa Grill on time. Rent a car it's worth it. Casino was not smokey and tables paid out. Sport book is nice and the bars are great as well. The resort charge (@$22/day) is worth it for tte water, fruit and workout room. Had been to RR on a business trip before. We wanted to keep the kids away from the strip, RRCRS was perfect. Thanks.....We will come back.	
Nov 18 2008	Just a fancy mall.	We stayed three days during a youth soccer tournament. First the bad…Reading the list of amenities such as bowling and movie theaters and many restaurants lead us to believe that the Red Rocks might be a good choice. Needless to say multiple teams, parents and coaches can book quite a few rooms. These teams are made up of very well behaved teenagers, both boys and girls, from multiple states with adults assigned to each room and teams with ages of 15 to 18 years. We soon discovered this is not a youth friendly hotel as the “mall like” kid friendly food court kicks out anyone under 18 not directly accompanied by an adult at 7:30 PM. 7:30 seems a little early as some of the game schedules ran till about 9:00PM. Well behaved youth of the 15 through 18 years shouldn’t need to be hand held in a mall food court. Not to mention the cost of feeding multiple groups of teams with different schedules 20 plus at a time in the non food court restaurants at prices starting around $18-$20! Kids like pizza, burgers, and other fast food not readily or easily available at these restaurants. The movie theaters and bowling had the same curfew policy making this hotel a very poor choice for our needs. Am I wrong in thinking people going to a Las Vegas casino resort don’t go to watch movies and go bowling? This whole place made me think of a glitzy plastic mall with restaurants and bars below and floors of rooms above. As mentioned by others some of the bathrooms had open showers with no doors or curtains which allowed the entire bathroom to become a swamp. What good is a gimmicky little LCD wall TV inset in the bath room mirror if one has to slip-slide in standing water? Now the good…The adults did well at the tables, the bartender in the main lobby bar was the best, the staff friendly and the setting northwest of the strip near the foothills nice.	
Nov 14 2008 	Fantastic Hotel with Just "Deserts"	Sitting away from the 'Strip' on the edge of the Mohave Desert, the Red Rock Hotel outshines the competition in style, design, service, views and luxuary. We went, not for Vegas, but to climb in the magical Mohave Desert. This very smart hotel cheerfully accommodated our clinking through the lobby laden with climbing gear each morning and our grubby return each evening to freshen up and then luxuriate in the sensational spa. Only open for two and a half years, the entire hotel buildings and fixtures are immaculate, and most of the staff have been there from the start; loyal, attentive, informed, unobtrusive.If you want the garish excesses of downtown Las Vegas, the glitz, crime and continual in-your-face marketing of prostitutes, then stay at one of the ludicrous plastic theme-park dumps on the Strip. If you want quiet luxury, peace and top notch service, the Red Rock is for you.You can drive or take the courtesy transport in to Vegas and sample it without being contaminated, then return to relative sanity, big beautiful bedrooms with breathtaking views of the desert , a gorgeous pool area with four posters for sun beds, and, with the gambling set well away from the main guest amenities, It really could tempt you not to go anywhere else.Having stayed at hundreds of hotels, from Travelodge to the Ritz, we are not easy to impress, but impressed we are. This is the first hotel we definitely want to return to, if only for that unforgettable view of red rock glowing across a magical desert landscape.	
Nov 12 2008 	Wonderful property!	My husband and I ended up booking our last night in Vegas at this property as Caesars Palace had no space for the final night. I am so glad that we did! We picked up the resort courtesy shuttle from the Strip ( at the Fashion Show Mall) after checking out of Caesars. The shuttle was basically a limo bus and was so much better than hailing a cab. At check in we were greeted with bottled water and our bags were brought up to our room promptly, we were even allowed to check in at noon- instead of waiting until 3 as it stated. The room was on floor 17 overlooking the Red Rock Canyon ( if they give you the option choose this over the strip its was more beautiful!). The room has a huge flat screen tv in the room and floor to celing windows, the bathroom has a seperate glass enlosed shower and a separate tub with a flat screen tv above the tub. This was nice for watching the Today show before check out :) The resort itself was great, we went bowling onsite the first night and had a great ( but kind of expensive ) dinner at Terra Rossa. The restaurant had great pasta, not crowded, and a nice open kitchen. The resort was fairly easy to navigate and all of the public areas were on that main floor, same as the casino. They also have non smoking slots- this was much appreciated as well. It was a little to chilly to get in the pool but we did sun ourselves besides it. Nice zero entry pool and 2 hot tubs as well in a big courtyard they call the &quot;backyard&quot;.	
Nov 9 2008 	Fabulous!	We booked the hotel based on lowest price seeing as we were only staying the one night, but once we got there we wished we were staying longer. The standard was amazing! The staff were all very friendly and great to have a chat with. The room was unbelievably beautiful for such a low cost! Very clean and very nice decor and a tv in the bath! Apparently it's the casino that the movie &quot;21&quot; was filmed at.It's about a $35US taxi ride to the strip which is ok, but catch the free shuttle bus the have if you can.The only problem we had was from the people in the room next to us who were very loud and obviously there to party the whole night away and after being told by the staff to keep it down (more than once) were kicked out in the morning.We would definately stay there again.	
Nov 9 2008	Pretty nice place	Nice hotel but isolatedI was there for a work convention. We all had a grand old time there. &quot;The Salt Lick&quot; restaurant is one of the best BBQ joints in Las Vegas.The pools were quite nice and the staff were friendly.The only problem is that you are separated from the strip. This is a nice casino to visit if you want to get off of the strip and hang out with the locals.	
Nov 3 2008 	Red Rock Rules	Spent four days at a convention, king room with wonderful mountain views. Very pleasant stay, enjoyed the pool area with the spacious loungers. Brought my own beverage to pool, which is good because not once did any of the waitstaff ask if I needed a drink. Service considerably better in casino where I was offered a Petron margarita...exquisite. Food was very good in all areas including buffet. Dinner at the Bones restaurant only ok to me. Others in my party raved about their steak and Lobster. Room was far from elevator which was ok for me. Others might want to request one closer to pool elevators. Used complementary shuttle to strip which worked out very well. Movie theater and bowling alley onsite, but didn't use. Had a great time in casino, video poker, Monopoly and Wizard of Oz slots. Tons of penny slots. Something for everyone including those who don't gamble. Will be back.	
Nov 2 2008 	Awesome Rooms! Awesome Views!	I stayed at the Red Rock during a recent convention trip. It was a fabulous stay, with great rooms. The rooms were sumptuous, and above average. The beds were heavenly, and I have stayed in numerous hotel beds. The bathroom was just as great. The huge, deep bathtub was a welcome retreat after a long day. The stand alone shower and separate toilet area was great as well. Be careful of the mini bar as it is a touch sensitive mini-bar, and if items are removed after 45 sec you will be charged. If you come with small children, be warned that they are just at child level.I was lucky enough to have a wonderful mountain and pool view, a few of my fellow travelers overlooked the parking garage and a very distant strip view. It truly was awe inspiring to see the mountains every day. The lobby may not be as impressive as some of the strip hotels, it surely is welcoming, and the property is very family friendly as opposed to many of the strip properties.I would say that the hotel restaurants leave a bit to be desired. The burger place, LBS was okay, but as was our experience in all of the property sit-down restaurants, the service was painfully slow. There are a few restaurants, as well as a food court in the hotel. The sandwich place in the food court was one of the best experiences I had as far as food on property. As many of the other reviewers touched on, the property is a u-shaped property, with the elevator located in the center, so chances are your room will be a far haul from the lobby and elevator. There is another set of elevators but it only goes to the pool. The hotel shops also leave a bit to be desired, if you forget anything or would like a late night snack, i guess the hotel wants you to order room service, as the shop has very little to offer, besides over-priced clothing.There is a shuttle to the strip if you plan on heading down, make sure you pickup a schedule from the concerige desk. It runs limited hours, and a cab is about a $50 trip one way. The shuttle runs to the Fashion Mall, make sure if you are planning on using the shuttle you get clear specifications on where to catch the shuttle on the way back. They pick up on the lowest level of the mall, by the Gap. Helpful info as on the schedule it only says North Entrance, not marked very well in the actual mall.Overall the stay at the Red Rock was great, just watch for some small pitfalls. Be prepared to relax and have a wonderful sleep in a fabulous bed!	
Oct 31 2008	Enforced swankiness	I'm not a big fan of LV and I was on conference #2, so a little cranky when I stayed here. At the time of my stay, this hotel was out on the periphery of LV past Summerlin, well beyond the strip. I got there via a $50 cab ride from the airport. They do have a shuttle from the airport that runs every 2 hours. The lobby and room are both elegant and modern in sort of that fake LV way. The service was lax. It took nearly 45 minutes for room service. The casino looked like any other to me, it was huge with several restaurants. But, the best thing about the place was the pool, which is just meant for lounging and cocktails. The service just ok. No one was ever in a hurry there. Apparently, they only hire 20-something year old brunette women 5'2&quot; waitstaff for the pool and insist they wear Juicy Couture type sweats. (I realize that might appeal to some people...but all I wanted was my cocktail and a reprieve from the conference blah, blah, blah.) They encouraged us to check out using the keyboard in the room; the batteries were missing in mine. Another instance of 'just sort of shrug your shoulders' service. And, this hotel is like a lot of others that likes to charge for every service, like wireless, the resort (because you're staying in one), which I find annoying.	
Oct 31 2008	NOT so great!	We arrived in Vegas on Friday and stayed at the Rio which was wonderful! We then moved to the Red Rock for Saturday and Sunday. We had a suit reserved of which they gave away and only had a regular room available. The room was dirty and had hair in the tub. The next evening we were moved to a suit. We had the “do not disturb” sign posted and found the cleaning crew in our room. The TV in the bathroom didn’t work and they only provided us with one robe (the rooms are supposed to have two robes). Certain charges were to be compd. Come to find, I have many charges to my credit card. The last day we ate at the buffet for breakfast and the waitress was extremely rude. Needless to say, we will not be staying there ever again!	
Oct 20 2008 	What a surprise!	I recently attended a conference at the Red Rock and loved it in spite of the fact it was not on the strip. The rooms were very spacious and nicely appointed. They did not spare any expense on this property as the hotel was spectacular. My only problem was not having a coffee maker in the room. There was quite an assortment of restaurants to choose from and even a food court for families on a tight budget. My only issue was with the Service I received when I was looking for my materials that I sent to the hotel for a tradeshow. NO one could find them even though there was a clear signature on the tracking form....All in all it was a great stay and I even won money in the casino. My only suggestion would be to rent a car if you want to make trips to the Strip as the cabs rides are very costly...It cost me $55 from the airport to the hotel and $45 dollars from the strip to the hotel.	
Oct 20 2008 	Mixed reviews	We stayed at the Red Rock for three nights while attending a travel conference. The conference facilites are highly recommended. Well designed and very high tech.The hotel itself is beautiful with a fantastic pool area. Lots of loungers ( that we never had time to use) and several small pools extending off the huge main one. Great area for sun worshipers. There were several dining opportunities from the Feast Buffet to Cops Steakhouse. There is also a food court area with lots of &quot;quick&quot;dining options. The casio is very large with several thousand slots and every other game possible.The rooms themselves were a bit weird. Good size with beds that were very comfortable and a 42&quot; plasma TV that I could never quite figure out. The rooms are however very dark. Even with all the lights turned on you still had problems seeing. The bathroom although very good size was awkward for two ladies sharing a room because it was an open configuration. There was no toilet privacy and no shower curtain. Several other attendees that I spoke to did not have the same set up so be sure you know what you are getting before you decide to stay in those type rooms. Another drawback of the hotel in my opinion is that it is so far off the Stripe that getting there cost $75.00 in a taxi.If you want to be in the heart of the city this hotel is not for you. If you want to be away from all the glitz this could be your place. There is even a movie theatre and a bowling alley. Staff was frieindly but not overly. Housekeeping staff were slow in picking up room service trollys. Not sure I would stay there again on my next trip.	
Oct 15 2008 	The Best Hotel Ever	The Red Rock is the best hotel ever! I would want to stay here even if it wasn't in Las Vegas. The hotel is very clean and not smokey at all. The rooms are beautiful and spacious. There are plenty of entertainment options besides gambling (e.g. bowling, movies, shopping, fine dining). The pools are amazing and it is free to use the fitness area of the spa, which is VERY unusual for Vegas. The restaurants are awesome. I have spent a perfect afternoon at the bar of the Salt Lick, eating BBQ, drinking wine, and playing video blackjack. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel! The one drawback is that it is pretty far from the airport and the strip, however I just found out that there is a free shuttle from the airport!!! I can't wait to go back!	
Oct 13 2008 	Don't stay here if you value sleep!	This is a luxurious hotel decorated in an art deco style. Rooms are large and well appointed, there are plenty of dining options covering a wide range of cuisines and the pool area is beautiful. Staff is friendly and courteous. The problem is the hotel's night club, which is allowed to blast loud rock music until 3 a.m. on Friday and Saturday nights. The bass and percussion are clearly audible in guest rooms facing the pool area. This is not the type of noise that can be blocked out and makes sleep extremely difficult. When we called to complain, we were given two options: move to another room or use earplugs. (we had already tried earplugs) We were there for a seminar and had a substantial amount of clothing and belongings with us, so moving was not practical, especially in the middle of the night when we were already dressed for bed. The staff was well aware of the problem with the night club, had received many complaints and told us they &quot;felt sorry&quot; for the guests. Our recommendation: don't stay if you actually want to sleep at night or unless you are willing to pay extra for the &quot;strip view&quot; rooms.	
Oct 12 2008 	a great place	Great accomodation (room, space and decor of hotel) and fantastic pool (lots of chairs), staff very cordial and eating place of your choice. Concierge (purposefully) don't want to mention across the street Olive Garden, Mexican and great Asian restaurant, plus Costco for wine. Shuttle stops pick-ups from strip at 9 PM so difficult to get back from any show but this is the only disadvantage of this fabulous resort.	
Oct 7 2008 	Beautiful Hotel - Service not so good	We stayed at the Red Rock this weekend. While the hotel was beautiful and some aspects of service were excellent there were still some troubling issues. 1. After a long morning at the pool on Friday we asked to order lunch. We were told that the hotel no longer served lunch at the pool on Weekdays and we would need to buy food at the foodcourt. I complained at serveral different levels about this and shockingly no one knew this was a new policy (it was).2. The wait staff as the pool was young, inexpereienced, and not at all interested in service. A contributing factor could be the fact that they don't have to earn their tips, the tip is automatically added to your bill.3. The concierge left alot to be desired. My first call to them regarded show tickets, I was told they couldn't help me and I should call Ticketmaster. My second call for dinner reservations consisted of me being put on hold, then being told I would receive a call back. I was never called back.For a high end resort such as the Red Rock I would expect a much higher level of service. Several employees we spoke with seemed to infer that the economy was to blame. I surely hope not.	
Oct 1 2008 	Outstanding Stay at Red Rock	This is a beautiful hotel and well worth staying there. I don't have a single complaint about it. It is laid out so you don't have to go through the casino to get to your room. The room was plush, two plasma tv's. The bed was so comfortable with high quality linens. There is a separate shower and bath tub. The room with two queen beds was very large. Also, the view of the Strip from the 15th floor was outstanding. It's very easy to park and be near your room as they have a covered garage and not difficult to find. I ate at LBS and it was a great place. They have hamburgs and veggie burgers. I also went to the buffet which was outstanding. I highly recommend staying at the Red Rock Hotel.	
Sep 29 2008 	Third visit still great!	I don't want to repeat what everybody else is saying, but we had yet another excellent time at Red Rock. I've noticed that many people have issues with the Front Desk. Our check-in could not have gone more smoothly. I called a week ahead and spoke to somebody at the front desk that would be there when I checked in (This works quite well in any hotel). I confirmed my reservation and any special requests. When we arrived, everything was ready. The Valet, Bellman, Front Desk, and Housekeeping treated us like Big Shots (we're not). We ate at T-Bones Steakhouse and Terra Rosa. I liked the steakhouse, as usual, but the Italian restaurant seems to put quantity before quality. I hate to waste food, and the portions were way too large. However, our server did &quot;entertain&quot; us with stories of how the chicks really dig him. The food fell short of our expectations, but we really had fun! Be sure to rent a car, try some local retaurants outside the casino, the Concierge is always very helpful. Have fun but be careful, times are tough and crime is up in Vegas.	
Sep 24 2008 	The Red Rock rocks!	Highlights:1. The Onyx Bar. Better drink prices and they have a tiny humidor. The staff are lovely. 2. The room. Simply and utterly gorgeous. Italian marble EVERYWHERE. The most sumptuous bed I have ever slept on. 15th floor with the best view of the Strip. The tub was to die for. (I'm still trying to figure out a way to take it with me! :P)3. The food. Everything from cheese steaks almost South Jersey worthy to upscale dining. If you leave out of there hungry, it's your own damn fault!4. The view of the Strip and mountains on the other side. You can't lose. 5. The amenities: IMAX theater, kids only places, kick [-] bowling ally.6. The bowling alley's food. OY. Cheap as hell and OMFG good and tons of it. 7. Room pricing. MGM Quality rooms but not the price. 8. The front of the hotel LOOKS like a hotel. The casino itself was upstairs and off to the right. In 99% of hotels in Vegas, the first thing you get slapped with is the casino. It's loud, it's noisy, and while it may be how Vegas makes it's money, to be slapped with that right off the bat can be a bit disconcerting. To paraphrase a friend: Sensory Overload. I adore this hotel and cannot WAIT to get back to it.	
Sep 22 2008 	Nice Change of Pace with a Preschooler	We just returned from a two night stay at Red Rock. First of all, I had read and heard that it is a very family friendly property, so I was eager to see what they had to offer. I am pregnant and we traveled with our preschool-age child. How it looksThe rooms, hotel, casino, restaurants, and pool areas are spotless and modern, so no complaints there. Things were easy enough to navigate quickly. Check in was easy and set apart from the rest of the casino area which made for a more relaxing and quiet arrival and transition into the resort. There are two Starbucks and a foodcourt in addition to the buffets and restaurants. More on the layout later.ChargesAs another reviewer mentioned, there are quite a few extra charges or potentials for extra charges that irked us. The resort fee is daily and seems excessive. Why not work this into the room charge? Makes no sense! I know this is done more and more, but I will say, I don't like it one bit.RoomsFirst of all the views are spectacular- right to the red rocks. We were on the 9th floor. Loved waking up early every morning and seeing the mountains glow. As promised and mentioned by other reviewers, the beds are amazingly comfortable, pillows great, robes and slippers wonderful. I too considered purchasing them and taking them home (pricey though). Bathrooms are spacious and spotless, well stocked. Deep tub and there is a flat screen tv over it. Our daughter thought this was really cool. Unfortunately, there are about 10 different boxes of snack foods right at toddler reach level. If the boxes are removed for longer than 45 seconds, you are charged for them. I was constantly jockeying with my daughter and trying to explain that for the first day. I actually really appreciate snacks being available but there was absolutely nowhere to hide them once their existence was made known. I'd prefer them to be in a cabinet with the minibar as I've seen in other hotels. Or, since they knew we were traveling with a child, they could have been removed or put up high. So if this is the kind of thing that irks you, be sure to request their removal in advance. For what it's worth, the quality of snacks and goodies was pretty good- for adults and kids. Not just a bunch of snickers and cokes.On our second night there, we were interrupted not once but three times by the housekeeping staff trying to do turn-down service. Thought I made it clear the first time it wasn't needed. We had adjoining rooms, so the first time I answered the door, said no thank you. Then they came to the second door, and though I called out, &quot;no thank you, we're all set&quot; they used a card key and entered the room anyway, terrifying my daughter. Then the maid insisted on handing me chocolates which again, my daughter could not stop asking about (after she was already in bed with brushed teeth- argh). I conveniently noticed the fancy &quot;do not disturb&quot; light button by the doors- after she was finally asleep.This is picayune, but the cable channels weren't all that great for kids. I realize we're not there to watch tv but it is helpful. No PBS, just Nick and Disney. No kids movies available on their pay movie service, either. Odd. This is an easy fix and one I hope they make.PoolThe pool area was lovely. Our group had pre-reserved cabanas which was nice, but they were a little far from the main pool area (but I didn't choose my cabana, so no fault on that). It took over an hour after we arrived for them to stock the fridges as promised. They were very kind about it, but we were literally told four times by the same two staff members that they were &quot;just about to take care of that&quot; and it didn't come until ages later, when we got a selection of one kind of juice and sodas. They were able to bring us some breakfast goodies, coffee, and other snacks later in the day (and the entire pool menu is available, of course). Cabanas in our area had no backs, so it did get a bit too windblown for us. The entire area is well laid out and there were plenty of chaises and cool bed/cabanas that were also reservable, but the all of the pools are completely cool and shaded until late morning. Maybe this is nicer during the prime heat of summer. But this time of year it was a bit chilly, so all the kids at the hotel congregated in the jacuzzi tubs, and once most of them had a taste of it, the bigger pools were just too cold even when the sun blazed on the pool. The biggest of the pools was absolutely perfect for small kids- major kudos on the design there. There is a wading area around the entire edge which is safer and a lot more fun for the pre-swimming set. And a fun waterfall right in the middle. Lots of chaise lounges that come right up to the edge of the pool, very convenient (and they're comfy, too). The pool area has a snackbar/cafe area, but we paid $18 for a virgin colada for mum and an icecream sandwich for our daughter. Um, wow. We did get three different flavors of ice cream- but one would have been fine. Sometimes simpler is better with a kid, eh? We got towels on the way in on both days, and both days they were scooped up by other folks. On the first day this actually happened twice, so we came out of the water shivering to find someone had taken them. Then upon requesting new ones, the pool staff had to go all the way back to the check-in area to grab new ones- but I noticed they first attended to some VIPs in a roped off area before attending to us. Maybe they need some towel stations located throughout the pool area instead of just at check-in. Or perhaps they just need to be absolutely sure everyone entering the pool area is well stocked with towels so people don't feel they can grab others?Room ServiceAlways a nice thing when you have young children. $6 for a box of cereal. Can't order tea or coffee in-room without ordering an entire carafe. That means $8 for a cup of tea or coffee. I couldn't order a single cup, and no tea bags or coffee machine in the room. Sigh. Guess they want you to go down to Starbucks. However the menu was lengthy and did have child-friendly items on it. And the order process was smooth, delivery fast.Kids ActivitiesThe arcade was crowded but fun. Bowling alley- very neat place and something different for us in Vegas- we were surprised that even our 3 year old enjoyed herself there. We did not make use of the KidsQuest because apparently vaccination records were required- so if you plan to use this service, plan ahead. There's a movie theatre, too (Regal Cinemas). Food court has a good selection of different types of kid-friendly food (Italian, Ice Cream, Chinese, etc) though we had catered food through our group for the weekend (which was delicious and service was excellent). All of these child-friendly amenities are on the opposite end of the hotel area, so you'll have to cut through the casino smoke and chaos to get there. This walk got a little long, but I suppose that can't be changed. Bring a stroller.SpaSpa is lovely and I had one of the best treatments I've ever had. I usually get the same type of treatment whenever I use a hotel spa so I've had a good comparison. This was excellent. Check in and out was quick. The list of available services is extensive- from massage to salon services including manis and pedis, but no body waxing (why is this?), first time I've seen that glaring omission, especially at a nicer hotel.ServiceFor us the most important thing at a hotel when traveling with kids is the service and respect you get as parents. This is especially true in Vegas which is primarily a playground for adults. Nobody wants to feel like a second-class citizen with kids there, and we have certainly felt that way at other casinos/resorts there. I have to say Red Rock did deliver excellent service in this respect 95% of the time. Every contact I had from check-in to check-out, bellmen to casino security to arcade staff to restaurant staff, always smiling and happy to make us happy. It was a very friendly, summer camp kind of atmosphere and that made me feel really taken care of the entire weekend. Moms and dads need pampering too and they made that possible.Will I be back? Probably yes. I think what I liked best about Red Rock was the feeling that I was being taken care of, despite a few very minor inconviences I can plan ahead/troubleshoot for next time. The staff really were friendly and at our beck and call. The beds were a dream and the rooms were intensely quiet. Loved the views. Though we didn't use their &quot;Adventure Spa&quot; the idea of a guided hike to a hot spring or kayaking was a wonderful idea and I'd love to take advantage of that aspect of Las Vegas. Red Rock is closer to these activities which makes me more apt to do them- plus they have gambling, a great pool and the wonderful spa. Pretty much everything you'd have on the strip, plus the outdoors activities, and a few extras for the kids.	
Sep 2 2008 	Love the Red Rock	We first visited Las Vegas in 1994 and stayed at the Flamingo. This is when Vegas wasn't as glitzy as now and the food was extremely cheap ($1.99 turkey dinner) because they wanted you to gamble and it was pretty much an adult only playground back then. Boy has it changed.In August 2007 we went for the second time and went to the Red Rock and loved loved it. We really only heard about it because of the reality show Hells Kitchen and really wanted to meet the winner (which we didn't boo hoo...hehe). It was moderately priced compared to the strip's 5 stars and the pictures on the website were fantastic so we gave it a try and what can I say we just fell in complete love with this place. So we travelled there once again this year and our love for this place continues to grow.We always rent a car to do the whole Vegas strip thing but we always feel happy happy returning to our little oasis in the mountains. It's a great place to just chill out and relax. The pool area is more a disco with the loud music and there is tons of kids but there are a few quiet pools which if you are lucky the kids don't take over. We always found chairs and the chairs are extremely comfortable. And you never have to worry about towels. There are plenty and you can have as many as you want. The waitresses at the pool constantly come by which is great because you get really thirsty in Vegas in August. The room is great. Clean spacious and the bed is so very comfy. It's the only casino hotel I can actually sleep in. If they do pump oxygen in the air at the Red Rock it doesn't keep me or my husband from sleeping. And the curtains keep out the sun really well so you basically can sleep all day if you needed..Lots of restaurants to choose from. You can eat fairly cheap or go all out and have a fabulous fine dining experience. We had a wonderful steak dinner at Tbone. Or you can opt for a burger at Fat burger or a pizza slice in the food court. And of course there is the buffet which is quite reasonably priced and the food isn't bad. And if you have a players card you get a discount. Last year we went to the Wynn because of the hype of the buffet. We waited in line for almost 2 hours and then you had to wait in line at all the stations so when you finally sat down to eat the food was cold and not worth the $50 per person price tag. My absolute favorite part of the Red Rock was the poker room. It's a great place to play. The dealers are actually quite sociable and you don't have to wait long to play. They have 1/2 no limit or higher stake games. There is no ante or hidden fees just the rake which we didn't even notice being from Canada and paying $6 every half hour at Niagara Falls. The Red Rock runs a very professional poker room compared to ours and I was really impressed at how many hands you could actually play in a half an our because the dealers are fast and sufficient. It was a complete pleasure to play there. One night we drove to the strip and figured we'd play at Belaggio because they say they are the best. But between the ante's and rakes and the rude pit boss we said see ya later and drove back to the Red Rock for a nice relaxing poker experience. Lastly this year we actually drove through Red Rock a couple of times and it was breathtaking. Just beautiful!!!We had suck a relaxing time in Vegas. Stress free holiday in Vegas is that even possible...? It sure is at this place. Can't wait to go back!!!Happy Travels	
Aug 28 2008 	My new favorite in Vegas	This was my 6th trip to Vegas, and by far the best, because of our stay at Red Rock. The resort is incredibly clean, very stylish and modern, and extremely accommodating. At the check in desk (where free apples and bottled water - great in the desert - can be had all day) the staff was very courteous. We were given a mountain view room for no extra charge (usually a premium). Other reviews are correct, some rooms are a long walk down the hallway... not a big deal, but worth noting. Once we got to the room, we were incredibly impressed. A massive plasma tv hangs on the wall, a Bose sound system plays a special cd they have, the bed was soft and comfortable, and the bathroom was HUGE, with marble everything, and a fantastic shower. The pool is also a must-visit... the loungers are soft and umbrellas are easy to get, a big change from the strip. The food / drinks at the pool are overpriced, but that's nothing new in Vegas. The casino was fun, we didn't win much, but didn't lose much either. The slot club gets you a discount on the buffet - TRY IT. Especially for breakfast, this place is just plain awesome. The hotel is about a 20 minute drive from the strip, but it's well worth driving in and out to get to stay at such a great hotel. We've stayed on the strip many times (Caesar's, Mirage, Monte Carlo), but now will be staying at the Red Rock.One other note - they throw a heck of a 4th of July party with fireworks and all!	
Aug 23 2008 	Loved Red Rock Casino and Resort!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Red Rock casino and reosrt in July. I have vacationed in Las Vegas many times and have always stayed on the strip. After staying at Red Rock we will never stay on the strip again. We were impressed the minute we arrived. The staff from the valet people to the lifeguards were wonderful. Our check-in went very smooth and the front desk people were very kind. Our room was wonderful!! We had a view of the mountains. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was emaculate. The casino was great. I liked the food court in the casino, very convenient. The pool was clean and the Sand Bar Grill out in the pool area had delicious food. We loved eating lunch by the pool. Red Rock, thank you for a great vacation. Vicki from Strongsville, Ohio	
Aug 18 2008 	Beautiful building but trouble at the desk.	The resort and spa are beautiful and modern. The casino and resturants are accomidating. The problem is that this resort is so far away from the strip. Your kind of stuck at the resort if you don't rent a car. So rent the car. You'll regret it if you don't. The pool is beautiful. Throughout the resort security is abundant. It was actually kind of annoying. One day my room key stopped working. So I went to the front desk, and they acted like it was my fault. They had security escort me to my room so they could check my ID. It was outragoues! The guy at the front desk was smilling at me when security arrived, he expected me to make a run for it! He seriously thought I was lieing. I told them I will never stay there again and I would let everyone know how I was treated.	
Aug 12 2008	Not worth the price and look out for the hidden add-ons	Red Rock tries to portray itself as an upscale, sleek, luxury hotel and resort, but my experience was frustrating, at best. I had several issues with my hotel room and hidden charges:Room: The rooms were nice, but not $300/night nice. Additionally, the rooms have an electronic sensor on the snacks tray, so that if you lift up a package of nuts to examine it and it's off the tray for more than 45 seconds, you get charged for it. For Christ's sake! Does the hotel mistrust its supposedly upscale guests so much that it has to install electronic sensors to ensure that they don't steal the 45 cent package of nuts that the hotel has marked up to $9? Give me a break. This sort of behavior -- treating guests as if they were poorly behaved small children -- is ridiculous, and left a very bad taste in my mouth towards the hotel. And why are the pistachios marked up to $9, anyway? Isn't the hotel making enough money at $300/night, plus whatever guests spend in the casinos, bars, and restaurants, to cover its expenses without the ridiculously overpriced nuts and sodas in the room? This really steams my clams.Hidden charges:But what REALLY steamed my clams was the $20 fee the hotel adds to your bill to cover &quot;concierge services and shuttles to the strip.&quot; What?? Are you joking? What kind of hotel marks up your bill for concierge services, especially if you don't even use them? I am a Las Vegas local, and I stayed in the hotel after seeing a concert at the pool area. I had my own car and didn't need shuttle services to the strip (besides, I stayed on the hotel property the whole night). I also didn't use any concierge services whatsoever. When I called the front desk to ask about this charge, I was informed that it was a surcharge that was added to all guest room bills, regardless of whether the guest used the concierge or the shuttle. I was also told that it could not be removed from my bill. This was enraging! When I booked the trip on Orbitz, and when I checked in, I was not informed of this hidden charge. I would have cancelled my reservation out of principle and driven home after the concert if I had known about this absurd ripoff. Why is Red Rock Resort nickeling and diming its guests? Are they actually TRYING to destroy any goodwill they may otherwise have generated? Red Rock did such a great job of pissing me off that I will never stay here again, nor will I recommend them to my out of town guests. Nice going on the goodwill front, Red Rock!Elevators: Look out for the Olympic-length walk to your room! The hotel is crescent-shaped, and unfortunately, some genius decided to place the elevators at one end of the crescent, while the rooms extend along the crescent beginning at the elevators. I'm a healthy, in-shape male, but I had to walk about 500 feet to get to my room from the elevator -- and I was only about halfway down the crescent! I pity those who were at the very end. This is a very tiresome walk, especially with luggage. There's not much the hotel can do about it, but my advice is to get a bellhop to deliver your luggage to your room, instead of carrying or wheeling it yourself.Restaurants and Pools:This was perhaps the highlight of my visit. The Salt Lick, a BBQ joint on the premises, is outstanding. And the pool area is gorgeous and a great place to see a summer night concert.	
Aug 12 2008 	Best Family Hotel in Vegas	I have stayed at the Red Rock five times in the past two years and each time was a wonderful experience. Red Rock Canyon itself is (of course) beautiful, and is a great change of pace from the usual Vegas strip view. The hotel itself is within five minutes of several of the best golf courses in Vegas. There is an excellent mix of tables in the casino that range from low stakes to high rollers. Plus - poolside blackjack in the summer! The hotel itself is gorgeous and the pool is in the top three in all of Vegas (recently featured in the movie &quot;21&quot;). The rooms are modern, clean, and beautiful, and the bed is extremely comfortable. My first visit I actually bought the pillows off my bed and now sleep on them every night. Yes, the Red Rock is very far from the strip, but if you're looking for a relaxing resort vacation this is actually a plus. Summerlin is a beautiful neighborhood with excellent dining options. If you plan on going to the strip, the best option is to rent a car at the airport. It's much cheaper than cabs and more convenient than shuttles. If you have kids there is a great deal for them to do at the Red Rock as well. In addition to the pool there is a bowling alley, food court, movie theater, arcade, and a Kids Quest. The hotel also has a number of family friendly restaurants (I particularly recommend the rock shrimp burritos at the Mexican restaurant). The staff at the Red Rock are very helpful and courteous. I have had two visits where I actually got to the hotel early and was given an early check in. I have always felt very welcome and appreciated by the staff. I have never had a major issue at the hotel and the minor ones have been handled perfectly. Bottom line - this is the best hotel in Vegas if you're traveling with your family. If you want a strip vacation there are a number of perfectly good hotels on Las Vegas Boulevard. If you're looking for a relaxing resort vacation (spa, dining, pool, golf, outdoor activities at Red Rock Canyon, and perhaps a little gambling) this is THE place to stay.	
Aug 7 2008 	Nice but noisy	First time at this property. Extremely nice hotel from a physical standpoint. Great architecture, nice rooms - size, amenities and decor. It is a long way from anything else, however, if you are planning on visiting the strip or other area attractions. The strip view is like looking though the wrong end of a pair of binoculars.We had problems with noisy neighbors who were having a block party at midnight one evening. This was multiple people on floor all congregating in our delightfil neighbor's room. Called to front desk to see if they could intervene and they said security would be right up. No security and party continued for additional 1.5 hours.Other than that, service was great at bars and restaurants as well as maid service. If our neighbors had stayed home and we didn't mind the seclusion this would be a home run property.	
Aug 4 2008 	Rockin' It Like a Rockstar at Red Rock!	My first time stay at the Red Rock Resort for two nights was awesome. Modern and tastefully designed property with all of the amenities you could ask for at this chic off strip hotel &amp; spa. The place is huge, a world within itself without the cheesiness that permeates Las Vegas. The room was super clean and quiet, beds comfortable and the views of the strip were amazing. I requested a quiet room and was promptly accommodated on the 17th floor (did I mention that the view was fantastic through an entire wall of floor to ceiling windows? The spacious room included a a large flat screen TV, deep soaking tub with a second, smaller flat screen in the marbled bathroom. Service is there when you need them to be and respectful when you want privacy. Food options abound, ranging from an inexpensive food court, two buffets and high end sushi and steak house. Several stylish bars, a night club and of course, the casino were all equally welcoming. If gambling is not your focus, the Red Rock offers a 14-plex movie theater, bowling lanes and an arcade for the younger family members. I was incredibly impressed with the pool scene. Good music, colorful towels, lounge chairs and cabanas were all arranged in a circle around the main pool, sporting numerous additional pools throughout. The spa has its own pool and lough area, which makes it nice for those who want a little distance from families with children. There is a bar complete with misting to keep you hydrated while sipping a wide variety of cocktails offered on the menu. The casino and hotel are both easily accessed from the centrally located pool area.The hotel spa was impressive and you automatically gain access through your resort fee of $20 a day, which gives you the opportunity to not schedule a treatment but still use the spa.Red Rock Resort offers free, prompt shuttle service (it's actually a small bus) to and from the Airport every two hours. A cab will cost you $55, depending on time of day and traffic. My wake up call was right on time and the bellhop, front desk and concierge staff were all friendly and helpful. You can arrange to go for hikes, bike rides and kayaking a short distance away in the Red Rock National Park area. I didn't get to take advantage of this so I can't review the activities.You can't go wrong staying here. A few things to keep in mind though: The pool closes at 7 or 8 PM and staffs security who will oust you from the area if you are there after hours. I would like to see the resort offer an area where you can sit outside and chill, AWAY from the casino in the evening. Also, the mini bar and snack tray have electronic sensors. As is typical in Vegas, you touch, you pay.Red Rock Resort is a fantastic alternative to saying on the strip!Go Rock it!	
Jul 20 2008 	Incredible hotel; Incredible stay	Red Rock Casino is an incredible hotel! The room was cool &amp; mod; bigger than expected and the hotel service was so much better than the massive Strip hotel's du jour. The rest of the hotel was geogeous as well.The pools were very accomodating with a bunch of room to spread out. I swam in one of the 7 smaller pools (all by myself) in the middle of the day! The speakers were playing a bit loud everywhere, but we never had a problem finding our place in the sun. The casino was cool and inviting - many, many drinks for such a short amount of time:) As most LV hotels, smoke was an issue for my asthmatic wife. Mandalay was the best hotel for this issue, but RR did an OK job with the ceiling architecture and fans to pull the smoke upwards. Everything runs in a circle around the central bar; table games close to the center and slots all over the friggin' place. The room was extremely cool! Much bigger than the West Wing at MGM, and as &quot;decked out&quot; as Paris and Mandalay Bay, but in a hip/mod design. We stayed on the 15th floor with a RR view, which was stunning. Initially, our view overlooked the pool, then the RR canyon, which was beautiful! We did have a long walk to our room (the higher you go - the longer the walk), but this was not a big deal in the grand scheme of things. We loved not staying on the strip! This trip was a vegas vacation without the strip hassle. We took the hotel shuttle 2x, which came in handy. There was a $60 cab fee to and from the airport as we didn't take the shuttle at those times. I could have avoided this if I'd planned the flight/transfers better. I love this hotel. I've been to vegas 6 times, and Red Rock was my best trip. Mandalay Bay was the best strip hotel I've stayed in, but I'll go to RR from here on out.	
Jul 19 2008 	A real Beauty	The first thing I liked about the Red Rock is that they have an airport shuttle bus downstairs. One level below the regular shuttles (It was somewhat difficult locating the shuttle from the airport, because I thought it would be with the other shuttles) Once on the bus, the driver, gave us each a bottle of cold water, which was very much appreciated, as it was hot. Get to the hotel, it is simply stunning.... Check in was pleasant...they have small bottles of water and apples for your enjoyment. Now, the room was alllllllllllllllllll the way down the hallway...... away from the elevator, but that too was ok I could use the walk.The room itself was very stunning, and lavish....the marble in the bathroom and the flat screen t.v. in the bathroom were a treat. The tub and shower are separate. Again, stunning. The bed, oh my goodness, was like a dream come true. It was so comfortable and relaxing, that I didn't want to leave it.....There is a large flat screen t.v. Now, the view, was of construction, but even that didn't bother me. There is the casino, Starbucks, buffet place(where you will get a couple of dollarsoff your meal with their station card) There is a movie theater and a place to go bowling. At night I left the curtains pulled back, and was able to enjoy the lightening show. I can't wait to go back to this place. Even though it is no where near the strip, you have everything your little heart desires in this fabu hotel.	
Jul 16 2008 	Nice hotel terrible service	This is a beautiful hotel that was recommended to me by one of my business partners. Upon arrival, there were not two rooms available for checkin which is understandable. The front desk rep was robotic. She told us it would take an hour and she would call us on our cell. Three hours later they called (about 345 pm). I arrived at the front desk and they had one room available. They could not get the second room until later. Other people were checking in as we continued to wait for our second room After a few minutes I asked why we could not get a second room. They said our room had already been assigned and it was not clean. Again, no apology, no sympathy. The seemed to feel I was lucky to be a customer. I asked if I could just cancel my rooms (3 night stay) and go somewhere else. They said I would have to pay for one night for both rooms. When Vanessa, the manager, got involved she was kind enough to allow me to pay for just one night for only one room. I felt that was unreasonable, since I had never been in a room, had the priveledge of hanging around their lobby for four hours even after the published checking time. I asked to see her superior and she said I could speak to him but he would give me the same answer. She said he was in a meeting and would not be available until later. I had the option of leaving and paying one night for one room or wait for him. I opted to checkin to both rooms (the second one became available) and check out the next morning without penalty and stay the next two nights at another hotel. Unbeleivable. The management of this hotel is just processing cattle. They could care less. It is an honor for you to be their customer. I finally spoke to Joe Saldana the front office manager. He agreed with my position and assured me he would speak to Vanessa. He asked what he could do to make amends. I told him nothing. I don't want anything. I am not asking for compensation. I want to be greated nicely, provided a room in a timely basis, treated as a human being and enjoy my stay. None of these things happened. I just wanted to have fun in Las Vegas for three days. Now I get to find another hotel after being forced to stay at Red Rocks. I would not recommend Red Rocks. I would look for a hotel that is focused on customer service.	
Jul 15 2008 	Love the hotel but be aware of the nightclub noise rooms	This is our 2nd stay at the hotel. We come to Las Vegas for business and love the comforts of the hotel as we live in similar building (a 450 unit 19 story highrise) so for us it's just like being at home. With this being said we are used to the long walks down the hallway to get to the room and the general noises that come with the slamming doors and noisy neighbors. The first time we stayed here we had no issues, except the construction on the strip view side of the hotel, it wasn't too noisy and only slightly disturbed our sleep. This current and 2nd visit, not so trouble free (I'm currently typing this from our room after a busy sleepless night). I made the reservation for a Strip view room (just as before), but when we got to the room (nice and high 15th floor) we were on the pool side. We were immediately greeted with the boomy music from the pool, but that's fine because the pool closes at 8pm. So after getting tucked into bed, at 11pm we are woken by the loud booming music again. Turns out this is Cherry nightclub that's open from 10:30pm - 4am. We call the front desk, got hung up on and left on hold so we put our clothes on and went down there. They switched us to a strip view room on the 6th floor. At 5am we got woken by the cement mixer out front where they are working on the parking structure directly outside. Then, at 6am booming techno music started that was coming from who knows which room (speaking from experience of living in a high rise it is really hard to determine where noise in the building is coming from because of how noise travels in these large buildings). Keep in mind we both sleep with ear plugs and even they provided no relief. I thought it was our neighbor next door but after going into the hallway it turned out not to be. So we survived for an hour with the booming and it finally subsided at 7am. Bottom line, if you like your sleep don't get a red rock view room, get the strip view room as they are almost done with the parking structure construction directly outside of the hotel, they are just working on landscaping and the cosmetic part of the construction (you can see this is my pic). Yes, there is construction across the street but it's far enough away that I could not hear it at all (pic included).	
Jul 13 2008	Absolutely Loved It!	I knew this hotel was going to be a ways off the Strip; however, I thought the pictures on the website made the drive worth it. Luckily, I was right...and in a BIG way! This hotel is divine! Loved the interior decorating...everywhere! The hotel has a way of making every guest feel 5 star. My financee and I absolutely loved it. We're not sure if we'd stay any other place in Vegas!	
Jul 10 2008 	Fantastic Red Rock!	We stayed at the Red Rock Resort for 7 days and it was fantastic! Check-in was swift and efficient. I had requested a room by the elevator (helpful because some rooms can be a longer walk to the elevator), and even though a strip view room was not available, they gave us a (more expensive) canyon view room for the same rate. The staff was very helpful and friendly with any requests that we had. (When we checked in our room was missing one bathrobe, and after one phone call, they brought it up within 5 minutes). With the restaurants, casino, movie theater and bowling ally on site, there is so much to do there, and the pool area was magnificant! One tip though is to avoid the severely overpriced food at the pool grill -- $14.00 for a hamburger is ridiculous! However it was otherwise terrific. If you head down Charleston Blvd to the Strip, it's only about a 15-20 min drive...not bad! I highly recommend this resort and would stay there again!	
Jul 10 2008 	Red Rock is the definition of Fabulosity!	I have been coming to the Red Rock every New Years for the last two years and intend on continuing the tradition. We arrive on New Years Day and the Hotel is fairly empty. The hotel itself is a beautiful resort in a breath-taking location. It is the perfect Vegas experience without the hustle and bustle of the Strip. However, should you love everything the Strip has to offer (which I do!!) you are only 13 miles away. During busy hours it can take 30 minutes with traffic, but I have made it to the Strip from the Red Rock in 12 minutes without traffic. It really is the best of both worlds. Cherry Nightclub is a lot of fun and the pool is great for singles, married couples, teenagers, and children. The Spa is a tranquil and relaxing setting and all the procedures I and friends have had are everything we expected and more. I personally recommend the Ashiatsu massage for those that enjoy an interesting and &quot;harder&quot; massage. The Sports Massage is also great for getting your body feeling loose and relaxed. While the prices aren't cheap for the Spa or Hotel, they are certainly comparable to other luxury resorts and definitely worth the money. The slots can be tighter, but that is expected at a higher dollar establishment. I personally don't gamble very much but the facilities are perfect if gambling is your pasttime. They are many varieties of machines and games. However, the cocktail waitresses do not come around as often as other places. The rooms are extremely modern and even the smallest room is a very decent size. I have had both the Strip and Canyon views separate times and they are equally nice depending on ones preference. The beds are extremely comfortable and the bathroom is large with a bathtub and plasma screen (which I have enjoyed relaxing in, every time I have been to the Red Rock). There is a movie theatre for kids and although it is a upscale hotel, they do have facilities the kids can enjoy. Many people have complained about the $19.95 resort fee. It is mentioned all over the Red Rock website and they make it clear when you book a room over the phone. Although it is not optional, it allows you to use the pool facilities, the trams to and from the Strip, the gym (which is exceptional for a hotel gym), and Spa. I may be forgetting other things that I have not used. Either way, going to the Spa each day to unwind (whether you have a treatment or not) is worth it. For those that don't believe me, just try it! This establishment is my favorite place to stay off the strip. And as much as I love the Strip, I would rather stay at the Red Rock and drive back and forth to the Strip since this hotel is so amazing! Word to the wise: It is not cheap and if you can't afford it, don't bother. There is no point in going to be miserable about spending so much money and not enjoying a cocktail, dinner, gambling, etc. I have had dinner at different restaurants in there and they are delicious. If you are frugal with money I suggest not staying here, as you may not enjoy it.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great time	We stayed at Red Rocks for the first 5 nights of our honeymoon. Overall, the property was clean and gorgeous. The staff went out of their way to help us with anything they needed. The free apples and bottles of water were a nice touch. The casino didn't feel crowded as some do, and the restaurants were awesome (although we stuck to the buffet for breakfast or lunch, which was probably the best we had in a 15 day trip). We also enjoyed the movie theater and bowling alley. It is a really nice alternative to the strip. It was still Vegas, just a laid back cleaner version.There are a few drawbacks. The pool, while beautiful, was freezing!! Get there early if you want an umbrella. It was $23 for a margarita and a rum runner. The view is of a parking garage, even with the canyon view. Well, a parking garage, some suburbs, and then the rocks. We had a major issue with our keys. By the time we left, I had 5 keys. The first day, they didn't have the smoking king we requested, and we moved the second day. My curling iron disappeared in the move. I called housekeeping, and never got a response back. We were locked out of our room 5 different times. The elevator at the pool didn't go to our floor either, which was extremely frustrating. The hallways were VERY long, and the elevators are on one side. The curved design makes you feel like you are on a neverending quest! Also, the buffet lines were extremely long. Our last day, I waited 30 minutes in line (while my husband checked out). I gave it a higher rating though because this was a great place. A little tip- there is a CVS about a mile away. Go there and get your drinks. We saved a bundle by doing that! We brought our own to the pool the next day!	
Jul 8 2008 	Come To Red Rock!!!!	We can't say anything but STAY HERE.It is first class all the way. The rooms are beautiful, modern and comfy. They are extremely clean. The pools are just fabulous. Found that the big pool had lots of kids and families, but the smaller pools were more low key. The lounge chairs and towels are the perfect touch,and the whole area has a great atmosphere. The pool waitresses are great, but beware the drinks are pricey at 12.00+ for a small drink. We recommened bringing your own drinks down like water or stop at starbucks which is handy and get a lemonade.The restaurants were all tasty and found them quite reasonable, but menus are posted so you know beforehand. The staff are just great and always seem happy. We recommend getting a rental car, but freeways make it fast and easy to get to the strip. It is really nice to be away from the rat race of the strip, especailly since red rock has such a nice atmosphere everywhere you go and is just plain classy. Please note DO NOT make long distance phone calls from the room. It cost us 14.00 for a 1.5 minute phone call. It Was nice to visit red rock canyon which is less than 10 minutes away. Drive is worth the 5.00 park entry. We loved every minute here and will stay again and never leave the resort.	
Jul 6 2008 	Red Rockilicious!	We returned last Friday from a 5 day 4 night stay at the lovely Red Rock Casino Resort &amp; Spa. The entire experience was better than I had anticipated. The accomodations were above par, as were the dining, pool area, and spa. The soaking tub was totally awesome with the flat screen t.v. right over it. The bed and bedding were heavenly. Although I am not a proponant of Las Vegas as a 'family' vacation destination, I will say that this facility has everything you could need to entertain everyone. Having stayed at the Mirage often for the pool atmosphere, I believe that I prefer Red Rock. There are multiple pools w/ varying degrees of privacy and accessiblity. You are charged a daily resort fee and I strongly suggest utililzing the spa facilities that you are paying for as well as the spa pool for quiet get away time. Utilize the water bottles, fruit juices, teas and fruits to recharge and energize. The staff is among the friendliest and most helpful of all the Vegas properties at which I have stayed. If sleep is a consideration for you, I suggest you request a strip view close to the elelvator. The night club on the weekends is a boomer and you don't want to be near it unless you're going to be up past 3a.m. The strip view was nice and twinkly. The casino was nice and easily navigated and not too smoky or loud. I enjoyed the 5$ tables and the variety of slots. Prepare to wait for the hotel shuttle at the airport or pay 50-60$ for a taxi/car. I highly recommend this property and will definitely return.	
Jun 30 2008 	Red Rock Resort review by The Travel Center at Steamboat	The Red Rock Resort was a very welcoming hotel. On arrival via the shuttle bus from the airport we were all handed bottle water and greeted by the staff. The frront desk clerk was very informative about shuttles and services. She was very friendly and handed me more bottle water and gave me an apple. The hotel room was very modern with a nice view of the pool and the bed was soooo comfortable. This hotel would be ideal for families because it has a lot to offer for every age group. There is a movie theater and bowling alley for the young ones. A variety of restaurants for all different budgets and food choices. This hotel is approx. 20minutes from the Vegas Strip. I would reccommend a rental car and or check into the shuttles prior to see if it would suite your needs. Overall this hotel was a very positive experience for me.	
Jun 29 2008	Red Rock quiet 	Very beautiful hotel and clean rooms with wonderful beds.However, very quiet at night --Cherry Lounge was closed when we were there monday-Wed. wasn't any lounge bands and the casino was very quiet --didn't see many players or winners in fact in our group of 15 everyone lost --very tight slots.Arcade was small &amp; many of the lower priced machines were not working. Pool was great because they have the most comfortable lounge chairs that u can place right in the water!Drinks at the pool were outrageously priced - $12 for a drink in an 12 ounce plastic cup--that's a bit of gouging! Be aware that there is a charge of $20 per day added to your bill even if u don't use these additional amenities like the shuttle or fitness center--and the 3 nights we were there we only had turn down svc once--I just hate when hotels add these additional fees to their room rates when u check in --just put it in your room rate to start with if its mandatory. Also we had requested rooms close to elevators and received rooms on the oppositie end of the hall furtherst from elevators --wierd design only elevators on one side of the floors. Overall if your looking for a very quiet relaxing stay away from the strip then this hotel is for you.	
Jun 24 2008 	Red Rock is Awesome!!!	I dont understand why people would put this hotel down. It is the best deal in Vegas. You will need a car if you plan on going to the strip. The room is the best I have ever stayed in. I scored big at the blackjack table---I only play the five dollar tables. We ate at the T-Bone resturant was awesome but a bit pricey. If you want a laid back experience stay at the Red Rock. The only thing I would fault them for is not telling me about a 150 dollar hold they put on your credit card so their room is not destroyed--that is 150 dollar a day. The people are great...I do not understand why people on this web site put down the people that work there--they all were awesome!	
Jun 10 2008 	Loved Red Rock	This was a bundled package of flight and hotel. We got a great rate through US Airways. This resort is a bit of a drive from the strip, but the money we saved on the hotel allowed us to rent a car and still save money. There is a daily charge of just under $20 for certain ammenties - shuttle service, daily paper, use of some portions of the spa, nightly turndown service. My sister-in-law and I made use of the spa one morning. The jacuzzi, pool, showers and sauna are all covered with the daily charge. One lady said she just brought her change of clothes and make-up there in the morning and got ready for the day. They offer shampoo, conditioner, soap, razors, hairbrushes, lotion, toothbrushes, toothpaste and probably a few more items for your use. My grandson stayed with us one night (his dad was married at Red Rock Canyon that day) and we brought him to the pool. This is a great pool for kids. There are also many other smaller sized pools at this resort.We had the after-wedding meal at the Feast Buffet and they were very accomodating when things went awry with limo conflicts and the time had to be rescheduled. Things turned out great in the end and the food and selection were outstanding. By reserving this buffet we were able to be seated right away. We ate at the Grand Cafe most mornings and the price was pretty reasonable with a pretty extensive menu.I would definitely consider staying here again. The price was right and the rooms were spacious and comfortable.	
Jun 4 2008 	Nice Hotel.. But...	I booked a four night stay at the Red Rock Resort. The complimentary shuttle to and from the airport was nice, but we ended up having to wait an hour for the bus, because it only comes every couple of hours... The hotel was beautiful like everyone had claimed it to be. It was very modern and nicely decorated, not like your normal strip hotel. You also don't have to walk through the casino to get to your room. Infact, you don't even see much of it at all, because it's on the second floor so that was nice that we didn't have to trip over people at the slots to get to our room. I really like the fact that the doormen were always there to open the doors for you and greet you every time you enter and leave the building. It was a nice touch that most other casinos didn't do. The check-in took a long time because there was a line, but they were friendly. There is free water and apples at the counter so make sure to grab some when you can. When we went to our room we ended up getting one somewhere in the middle which is still far from the main elevator, but really close to the pool elevator. We didn't mind the walk really.. The view of the strip at night was very beautiful but a lot farther away than the pictures on their website suggest. And the first thing I saw when I looked out the window besides the strip in the distance was the eyesore of construction directly below. They are building another parking lot, so I strongly suggest staying on the canyon view side, because they ended up having to move us after two days due to the sound waking us up at six in the morning. The canyon view is much nicer anyway. You get the view of the pool as well which is a really beautiful pool even though we never got to use it. It was kind of chilly when we were there on Memorial Day, but the hot tub was nice. I liked the flat panel tv's and the bed was VERY comfortable. Probably more comfy than mine at home. The bathrooms had his and hers sinks, a deep soaking tub with tv and a stand up shower. You receive the daily paper in the morning outside your door. Again, very beautiful. Probably the nicest hotel room I've ever stayed in.For eateries they had many different choices. I wanted to eat at Cabo Mexican Restaurant, but we never had the opportunity. I strongly suggest the breakfast buffet at FEAST buffet. It is a very reasonable price. We had it the first three days. We also ate their once at supper time which was also just as good. The food court is pretty pricey though.. We ate there only once. We didn't go to their night clubs, because they weren't ever open and even if they were I don't think there would have been too many people in there.. We didn't get to see Zowie Bowie because he's only there on Thursdays through Saturdays.. We didn't go to their cinema, because I mean come on... you don't go to Vegas to watch a movie. You can do that at home! I heard the spa was worth going to, but we simply didn't have time during the day to go because we were always out at the strip. So we pretty much just stayed in our room at night and went on the casino floor for a little bit. We're not big gamblers, but they did have five cent black jack on the machines which was pretty fun. Didn't win much, but didn't lose much either. The reason I probably won't come back...I read nearly hundreds of reviews before booking this hotel and I probably should have listened more closely to one of the most important things people were constantly saying... If you're going to spend time on the strip you should probably stay at one of the hotels on the strip, because this hotel is probably about fifteen to twenty minutes away. I didn't think this was going to be a problem with their complimentary shuttle service. And if you're anything like me, driving in Vegas (especially around the strip area) is no option. It is just way to crazy for me and even my boyfriend to drive around there. However, upon arrival I found out that the shuttle bus only leaves every couple of hours and the last time they pick you up from the strip is 9:00 PM... Why? I kept asking myself this question. We missed all the night life and shows which is the reason why you go to Vegas in the first place. It would be different if they had something else to offer at Red Rock besides gambling at night, but their pool closes at 8:00 so by the time we come back there is nothing to do.. I couldn't believe they didn't offer a later shuttle service... Unfortunately, this is probably the only reason we will never stay at the Red Rock again which is a shame, because it really is a beautiful hotel. The upside of the location besides the beautiful view is that it is only eight miles from Red Rock Canyon. We rented a car for a day through enterprise which they have available at the hotel concierge office. They always have a couple of rental cars available at the hotel itself. The drive out there wasn't anything compared to the traffic of the strip so it was a nice drive. The views were spectacular and the canyons were a lot of fun to hike around. I suggest the first couple of stops on the scenic drive. Personally, I thought those were the most fun to hike because those rocks are easier to climb around and the most beautiful, because they have the red color. My boyfriend and I will definitely come back to hike the canyons again. Overall, the hotel was beautiful and elegant for the deal I recieved.. I wouldn't want to pay more than that. I loved how it was close to the canyons also. However, it is still way too far from the strip and the shuttle needs better drop-off and pick-up times.. If they could change their shuttle times to 24 hours I would come back in a heartbeat. I guess if you didn't want to visit the strip at all this would be a good place for you, but I mean come on this is VEGAS... if you want rest and relaxation go to Cancun...	
Jun 1 2008 	Definitely a 5-star property!	Stayed here for two nights over Memorial Day weekend. Paid $69/night at Hotwire three months prior to. Rooms are very modern, big (about 500sqft), elegant and clean. Big 42’ LCD on the wall. Floor-to-ceiling windows with amazing view of the Strip, though the view is a bit far. Bathroom is big with a small tv facing the tub, separate door for toilet for privacy, double sink, and separate shower. Robes and slippers are provided as well. The “Do not disturb” and “Make up room” signs are electronic, all you need to do is push the button in your room beside the door if you want either request. The lighting in the room could be better, even when the reading lights are on. The beds are heavenly, comparable to Palazzo’s beds and more comfortable than Paris’s, Flamingo GO’s and South Point’s beds.Hotel is about 2 years old only. The grounds around the hotel are marvelous, lots of palm trees. Hotel registration took less than five minutes.The lobby inside is gorgeous. The whole atmosphere is very hip and trendy. You will need a car if staying at this place. The car ride is about 25 mins. to the Strip. There ‘s also a shuttle for hotel guests, part of the $21.79 daily “resort fee”, up from $19.95 recently. Aside from the shuttle, services included in the fee were free bottles of water and apples in the lobby, daily newspaper delivered to your door, and turndown service. If you happen to stay here, ask for a room near the elevator, it'll save you lots of walking because the elevators are only on one side of the hotel.The pool is great, one big round pool with fountain in the middle, and several small pools including Jacuzzis. Lounge chairs have cushion and are plenty. Pool is open from 8-8pm when we were there.The Feast Buffet is very good. Lots of variety and the ambience is the best of all the buffets we’ve tried. Very bright, modern. Price is reasonable at $16.99 per person for dinner with players card (18.99 without card). The buffet is slightly better than Mirage and Green valley ranch’s but below Mandalay’s Bayside buffet.Overall, I cannot complain anything about this hotel. One thing I noticed though is that this hotel is family oriented because of the pool, arcade and cinemas. But even for couples this is great. With their amenities, you don't need to leave the property if you don't want to. Only time we left the property is when we had evening shows to attend or to meet up with friends. This is definitely worth the $69 a night for a five-star property in my opinion. P.S. I apologize for the wrong date on the attached pictures. It should've been 05/25/08. Just forgot to reset the date on my camera while there.	
Jun 1 2008 	Love It - Especially if You're Not a Fan of The Strip	I've never been big on the whole Vegas concept...and we're avid hikers who love the desert...so I wanted a place that wasn't the typical &quot;strip&quot; hotel. Boy, this really met the bill.It's about twenty minutes from the strip on the outskirts of town, near the &quot;red rocks&quot; that give the hotel its name and inspire its decore. We loved the Frank-Loyd-Wright-ist meets postmodern style of the place; it's also wonderfully self contained with the casino (of course) plus bowling alley, movie theater, fully equiped spa, and concierge service for hiking in the canyons next store. You can stay there a week and never need to leave the area.The spa services - which really distinguish this place from the strip experience - were excellent and definitely one of the highlights of the stay. We were there in January so we had the pool area to ourselves (and it was too cold to swim), but there were plenty of amenities, including a fully equiped work out room and several jaccuzzies. The casino itself has higher ceilings so it doesn't feel as closed in as a lot of places on the strip.Mostly, though, we loved the convenience to Red Rock Canyons and the wonderful hiking trails. We even made it over to the strip for dinner one night, but coming back to Red Rock we were so glad to be able to escape the crowds and return to our little corner of paradise, where we could see the lights of the strip in the distance from our window.It was a memorable vacation at Red Rock and boy, am I glad I chose it over one of the typical strip hotels.	
May 31 2008	Beautiful Hotel	My sister and I usually go to Las Vegas every year in May for Monday-Friday trip. In the past, we've stayed at Treasure Island, The Mirage, but usually at Mandalay Bay, which we absolutely love. This year, we decided to try something different, &quot;off the strip&quot; and when we saw that The Red Rock offered a free shuttle to the airport and the strip, we decided to try it.  The rooms were beautiful, the pool area was really nice and not crowded. The food at the buffet was good and the Bar B Que restaurant was excellent. There are some expensive restaurants there, but there are enough reasonably priced places to eat, as well as a &quot;food court.&quot; They also have movie theaters and bowling alleys.The casino area was bright and the air wasn't smokey, even when you were next to a smoker. The slots were pretty good and we were able to play for a while without losing a lot of money. There are so many penny machines!! We took a shuttle to the strip one day, and were really disappointed with the slot machines at the casinos we went to on the strip. The only things we didn't like was the timing of the airport shuttle and the $21.75 per day casino fee. Our plane got into Las Vegas at 2:00 p.m., so we missed the 2 p.m. shuttle, and had to wait 2 hours. Our plane left Las Vegas at 6 a.m. and we had to be at the airport at 4 a.m. There are no shuttles at that time but the bell desk arranged for us to have a sedan take us to the airport, which was cheaper than a taxi would have been (wonderful!) Just make sure you leave your name with the bell desk the day before your flight.	
May 31 2008 	Awesome stay at Red Rocks!	Great hotel for about $100 a night (not including their turn down fee). I didn't take any better pictures than are already available on previous posts but they don't do it justice. The pool is awesome but drinks are pricey--beers about $7 and mixed about $9+. The rooms are a very good size and the bed is extremely comfortable, not to mention a good size flat panel TV and another in the bath. I'd say its the among the nicest accomodations I've experienced anywhere and we've also spent time in Luxor and TI in Vegas. We found the staff very courteous and helpful. However, make certain not to dial out using the room phone, even locally as it will cost you $2.50 per connection. We found out the hard way, when we checked out. We even asked for a fridge to be brought up to the room which was complimentary.Be sure to rent a car though if you plan on going anywhere away from the resort. Red Rocks park is about 5 minutes away and is a great place to sight see offers some great hiking and a scenic 13 mile drive.Food in the food court is OK--Burger joint is expensive, and mexican was just OK and the Feast (buffet) was over rated. We heard good reviews and it is marginally cheaper compared to most on the strip but we found it lacking. It wasn't awful by any means but I wouldn't recommend it either. Pretty much everything else has already been covered but overall we had no complaints and had a great time.	
May 31 2008 	Excellent VIP treatment for the young successful type	I have never heard of this place until a friend told me about it. The Red Rock Hotel and Spa was recommended with such exclusive repertoire that I flew into Las Vegas with doubts about my choice to stay there. Luckily I have fantastic friends whom knew that I would love the first class VIP rooms overlooking the strip. The rooms were way under priced spending only $600 a night I had my own large private living room separate to my own marble bathroom and lush inviting bedroom. My room was divided from others with it's own VIP elevator, concierge service, complimentary fresh fruit, breakfast, and paper in the morning. Mornings were good but at night is where the Red Rock really shines. It doesn't matter if you are playing at the tables, going to there clubs (which were a bachelor's dream), or going to dinner with new friends from the clubs the Red Rock treats VIPs' like they should be treated. There was no waiting in lines for anything. Overall I rate my experience to be the best hotel experience I have ever had. The Terra Rosa has chocolate lava cake that can make a grown man cry it's so good. The pool is huge and the VIP treatment is the best I have ever had with spending so little. This will be the hotel I choose to stay at when I return to Las Vegas. That lava cake was so good!	
May 29 2008 	AWESOME!!!!!!!!!	STAY HERE ON YOUR NEXT VEGAS TRIP!!!!This is my 2nd time to Vegas, and I stayed on the Strip last year. This year, I wanted a more quiet getaway as we did not plan on seeing shows or shopping this time.We had just missed the free shuttle and in lieu of waiting 2 hours, got a sedan to take us out - it was $70We checked in at noon and our room was ready. We had a standard room and it was awesome! Bed was so comfy!!! AMAZING Bathroom!!!!!We planned on bowling and going to the movies and playing bingo, but never had the chance so I can't comment on those activities.The Pool area is AWESOME!!!!! We walked around the area, but actually hung out at Cherry's pool - it was more intimate. Just a note: topless is allowed at this pool.We ate at the BBQ - really good food, but GIGANTIC portions!! Terra Rossa was really good. The sushi restaurant came highly recommended, but we never got there. The Grand Cafe has ok food, but found the service to be not so hot. The Mexican place in the food court was not good, but Villa Pizza was really good and Fatburgers was just ok.The Feast Buffet was really good provided you don't wait in line. There were l-o-n-g lines Sun and Mon, but none on Tuesday so we ate there that day.The bar in the lobby is a neat place to drink and chill out and people watch. We weren't there when Cherry was open - I had wanted to go there.The elevators come really fast - a nice change of pace from last year's experience at NYNY.We took the free shuttle back to the airport.I cannot wait to stay here again - it was one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in.	
May 25 2008 	Great value for a resort=Red Rock!	This resort is amazing. I liked the new and clean room. All techy, in room amenities, 42in LCD tv, great work station and amazing bathroom, yeah the tub (separate from shower) has its own LCD tv.The price was great compared to those other LAS 4 star resorts. Spa access (steam, sauna, jacuzzis etc), fitness complex are included. The pools, no shortage on this side, it has at least 7 pools. So plenty of room to move around in the pool area if you want to be by yourself or get to main pool and meet others.Yeah the drive is around 15 mins from strip, but once you check in there is no big reason to drive out of there....also there are many other restaurants within 2-4 min drive.The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Within resort there are high end restaruants, your typical food court ones, plus bars and bowling lanes.Definitely a great value!	
May 23 2008 	A different vibe and a new favorite place in Vegas!	Had the pleasure to stay at Red Rock for a business meeting recently. Was a little bit surprised that our meeting was so far off the Strip and other Vegas activities. So I came here with fairly low expectations.Surprise! When you drive up there is already a different Vegas experience. Staff is very friendly, not very &quot;uppity&quot; or stressed as at other Vegas strip hotels on a Friday afternoon. Decor in lobby is very modern, very cool furniture and chandelier. A general feeling of openness about the hotel and had great views of surrounding Red Rock mountains. During stay, staff was very friendly and helpful, check in and check out was a breeze. Free water bottles and apples available in lobby and gym. Free newspapers each morning, always a nice touch. Hotel is spacious both vertical and horizontal. Casino is on second floor, meeting rooms above, lobby and shops below. My room was on floor above Casino and I did not hear a sound. Also did not hear any noise from the Kanye West Concert that was going on around the pool that evening! Meeting facilities were great, many of the meeting rooms had great views of the Red Rock State Park. Also the large balconies in these rooms allowed for the meeting breaks to be very refreshing, did not have the claustrophobic feeling of some of the meeting rooms at the Strip Hotels. Never realized that Vegas had any natural beauty until I stayed at this hotel.Room I got was two queens, very large with large HD flat screen TV and another flat screen in bathroom, set up to watch in the bathtub. Shower was separate with glass enclosure. I used the gym facilities--very nice, had a small pool outside of the gym that was very private with lounge chairs and cabanas available for use. Great place to relax after a workout in the gym and not have to worry about the crowd at the main pool scene. Spa services also available, but did not partake. They can arrange outdoor activities--hiking, biking and even kayaking! No onsite golf course.Outside main pool is a happening place--lots of lounge chairs, cabanas available, fountain in middle of pool. Loud music, lots of activities. I did not hang out at this pool.Casino was not smokey! Also very friendly crowd, I think lots of locals hang out here and the crowd age was definitely on the younger side. Casino minimum bets were not as high as at the Strip hotels. There is a movie theatre and a bowling alley as part of the hotel--did not have time for either one on this trip.I was surprised by the food. Some of the best hotel food I have had in a long time, ate 4 meals at the hotel as part of our business meeting. All meals were different and the food was very good, even the Asian dishes, I am Asian and am very picky about this type of food, but was really surprised by how good the food was. Did I miss not being on the Strip? No, I actually enjoyed the lack of crowds and the chaos of the Strip. Would I come back again--definitely. May not be for the first time Vegas visitor--it is about 30 minutes northwest of the Strip or a $50 cab ride, but if you are looking for something different, I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 22 2008 	Red Rock Remote	The Red Rock Resort has a contemporary, sedate decor featuring desert colors of brown, red, and orange throughout the entire complex. From the location of our room, we could see a distant view of the entire Las Vegas Strip from the Stratosphere all the way to the Mandalay.  Our hotel room was large and clean; however, dimly lit. You will find your room entered each evening for turn-down service or inspection regardless as to whether the &quot;do not disturb&quot; light is illuminated or not. The king bed proved very comfy with fresh, white linens. The only problem I experienced with housekeeping was the unpleasant, startling discovery after my taking my first shower and reaching for the terrycloth robe to discover a large brown and blood-tinged stain in &quot;the rear&quot; of the robe. I left a note on the robe, placing it in the large soaking tub rather than calling to complain. The next day, the grateful housekeeper thanked me for fear she would've suffered instant dismissal. Compassion overruling complaint has its kind rewards in tough economic times.  All the restaurants are accessed from within the casino. Only two are open prior to 4 or 5 PM. I do not patronize buffets where the public hover over and touch food or serving utensils; so, I did not go to their &quot;Feast Buffet.&quot; Each of my experiences at the &quot;Grand Café&quot; was disappointing. Service is extremely slow. There were long lines of people waiting to be seated even though more than half of the tables are unoccupied. Patrons were leaving the long queue to buy cups of coffee from the Starbucks located outside the casino in order to fortify their long wait to be seated. When I asked the &quot;hostess&quot; the reason for this situation, she sourly complained that they're very short on staff. I discovered the smart alternative solution was to grab a vacant bar stool within the not so &quot;grand café&quot; rather than eat at a table. You still had a long wait for the food after ordering. The quality of the food was mediocre and cold by the time it was served. We opted for room service late one afternoon. Room service, though swift, cost $73 for coffee (2 cups), one serving of pasta with meat sauce, one personal 10 inch marguerite pizza and one serving apple pie. Since I was there for a seminar and the food served for the business luncheon and a dinner was awful, we decided not to go to any of the restaurants located within the hotel. The object of this resort is to keep patrons on premises. You will not easily find information for activities or nearby attractions supplied by the hotel. Therefore, I recommend you do your own research and plan prior to arrival. The hotel location is remote and at least half an hour distance from the Las Vegas Strip. The hotel shuttle stops operation at 9 PM. If you do not avail yourself to the pool or spa, you may find it rather boring if you do not gamble. As for the Red Rock Casino, it is sparsely populated, undoubtedly because the machines are &quot;tight.&quot;	
May 19 2008 	Beautiful Oasis-Will return again	We have been to Las Vegas several times prior to this trip and usually stayed on strip or at the Orleans which we like very much but this time we wanted to do things totally different. What a gem of a resort this is for all. Booked for 5 nights and just was not long enough. We had late check in at night and the staff greeted us very professionally and very helpful. We had booked through Allegiant Air and chose this resort package. I had called direct and requested higher level floor and possibly with mountain or pool view. Well, we got it all. They placed us on 12th floor to begin with but upon walking in and going barefoot into the bathroom we noticed carpet very wet. Called down to desk and was told they would move us up to 16th floor, sending bellman up with keys to change rooms. The rooms are awesome from furnishing very contemporary to the view of not only of Red Rock Canyon but a direct view of beautiful pool. Everywhere we looked the rooms were well cleaned and no problems with staff. In fact, our check in guy, Alfonso was extremely pleasant and sent to our room the next day bottle of sparkling wine to celebrate our anniversary. Did not open then but requested from T-Bones restaurant if could bring down but would charge $35.00 corking fee! Well, we chose to open in our room and enjoy. The pool staff is very accomodating and pleasant. Pool area--well, it is the best and always plenty of places to lounge. Too bad the hours are 9:00am-7pm because would be great to have evening swim or sit by pool area and relax at night. We loved the starting mornng with breakfast buffet, wait staff very nice and attentive. Grand Cafe was okay but we ate most away. Not gamblers but loved the hotels decor and amazed how well built and corrdinating interior and exterior was through out. The Valet was very good and never kept us waiting long and ALWAYS ask if you need directions anywhere (nice touch). Also, in the main hotel lobby they keep bottled water available all the time and you can have whenever you like plus the best crisp apples. Would we stay here again? You bet and I don't think you would be unhappy at all with this choice. Booked a Grand Canyon West Rim with Skywalk and we had rented car so drove out to see Valley of Fire (what views). This is great place if you rent a car but can see if fees for taxis are high and you like the strip scene, you might want to reconsider. We have enjoyed many shows in past and been on strip at night enough that we chose to enjoy the ambiance of Red Rock hotel.	
May 12 2008 	Beautiful hotel truly awful service	We arrived for a two night stay at Red Rock only to be greeted by an extremely rude front desk person advising us that the two rooms we had booked had only come through as one. And a blank, bored stare.We asked if this could be fixed, showing the confirmation with TWO ROOMS CLEARLY LISTED, and we were told snottily that it wasn't up to them. Cue blank stare again.It took 20 minutes for them to check with a manager and finally let us have two rooms. They admitted there was several rooms available anyway.OK. So we go to our rooms. Which are BEAUTIFUL. Make no mistake, this is a gorgeous hotel. The rooms, the spa and the pool area are particularly wonderful.However, we continued to get stuck with horrible service from front desk. We called to confirm that our room had breakfast (per the booking) and spent 15 minutes going in circles between security and front desk before anyone could help us. The next morning, we went downstairs to confirm the details and spoke to Carmen. Oh, Carmen. I wanted to throttle her! She was so rude, rolling her eyes and sighing and not ONCE apologising for any inconvenience. And she could NOT agree to the breakfast until we asked to speak to the manager.We left feeling extremely disappointed and pretty angry with the whole experience. Coming from Australia, we had hoped that this was going to be wonderful and it turned out to be a waste of money.	
May 12 2008 	Really Nice Hotel	I stayed at the Red Rock for a business event and the hotel and the staff were wonderful. We had a standard room and it was nicely sized, with a very large bathroom. The pool area was beautiful and nicely kept, as was the spa. I had a spa treatment while I was there, which was also great. The only drawback is that since you are far away from the strip, unless you are willing to pay the relatively expensive cab ride, your only options for entertainment are to stay on premisis or wait for the shuttle to take you to the strip. We didn't know about the shuttle until our last day there since the one staff member said there wasn't one then another said there was, but this was the only lapse in the service.	
Apr 27 2008 	Very nice	We loved our suite! Very comfortable and spacious. The bathroom was beautiful! The Japanese restaurant in the hotel has very good sushi. We enjoyed the casino. We loved the spa. We loved the pool! We enjoyed our stay! Close to the Red Rocks which I highly recommend seeing; a 13 mile trip around the beautiful red rocks!	
Apr 27 2008 	Very good but a little short of great this time.	Just back from my third stay at Red Rock and it was a very good once again , but a little short of great.The front desk and check-in was fast and easy, friendly service from all. We tried the Spa for a massage shortly after check-in and while the service and facilities were nice, the cost was pretty high. We had 6 in our group and I booked through the casino based on past play at Red Reck and other Station properties.The rate was a steal for the accomodations, but our room was one of those with a little &quot;edge&quot; to it. There was one picture missing from the wall, one of the lights did not work, no robes or slippers in the room and there were items left in the drawers from the previous guests. If you don't mind walking the hall, I recommend the rooms on the upper floors, away from the elevators, this is the newer end of the building.We used the on-site restaurants quite a bit. The food court was OK, the buffet was very good, Terra Rossa was very good, the Cafe needs some help. One night we could not get seated at the Cafe even though it appeared there were plenty of tables? We walked out, bad form, bad management at Cafe.The casino is very nice at the Red Rock, but it would appear that the regular slots have been &quot;tightened up&quot;. We don't play VP? Our group played a lot on the slots with very,very little winning? (We stopped in at Orleans and hit a few $1 machines in 30 min.)Word of advice: Stay out of the High Limit slot area, it was a good place to play 2 yrs. ago, now the machines are TIGHT! The tables were good, most dealers were friendly, $5 BJ still available during the day, but $10 and $15 at night. The pools/backyard at the Red Rock is a fantastic place to relax. If you stay here and the weather is good, go and enjoy the pools, the jacuzzis, sun beds, etc.....In summary it was another nice time at Red Rock, I'm sure we will return. We ended up getting the room comped by our casino host at the end of the stay which was a nice bonus.	
Apr 21 2008 	Rates #1	The Red Rock Resort was outstanding. The hotel was quiet, clean and comfortable. This was my first time to Las Vegas and we also stayed on the strip. If we return we will stay here. Roy the bell man was very helpful, knowledgeable and took care of my every request. I went to the Spa for a deep tissue massage which I ended up spending most of the day there. They have a private outdoor area away from the larger pool which gave me some time to rejuvenate. Dave the massage therapist was excellent. I have been getting massage for 15 years and he gave me one of the best ones I have had. The concierge, Annette, was more than helpful. She got us tickets to &quot;O&quot; , which is a must see show if you are in Vegas. The restaurants at Red Rock are just as good as any on the strip. If you want a great time without the craziness of the strip stay at Red Rock.	
Apr 21 2008 	Fabulous stay at Red Rock!	My husband had to be at Red Rock for meetings, so my 12-year old daughter and I accompanied him. We were very pleased with each aspect of the stay from the variety of restaurants, price range of the restaurants, the beautiful pool and surrounding areas. The staff was quite friendly and helpful as well as very effecient. The views from either side of the hotel were amazing and the beds were extremely comfortable. The bathroom was to die for with the large soaker tub and flat screen tv as well. Needless to say, we will choose Red Rock again.	
Apr 15 2008 	Red Rock Top Notch	5 days at the Red Rock was just amazing. The best of Vegas in all considerations. This property is located off the strip, but our rental car took care of this, and allowed for side trips during our stay. We found the Red Rock very clean, ready when we arrived, with a duly attentive and courteous staff at the ready. The casino was managable in it's size and scope, with a layout that took only a little getting used to. Gambling staff was forgiving and even helpful to those of us who don't live at the blackjack tables. So much so, that we even managed to take a little bit of their profits home with us. The hotel was quiet and just far away enough from the late nite crowd. The pool was fabulous. One could have a drink, smoke a cigar, play blackjack in a bathing suit, all the while, working on your tan, and people watching. For just a few days, it was easy to imagine just how much fun, &quot;old Vegas&quot; must have been! I thoroughly enjoyed my time at the Red Rock Resort and Casino, and can recommend it heartily to others, as well.	
Apr 14 2008	Great place- loved it	really enjoyed out stay there- Husband there for a conference- me and kids for fun. The quality of the room was excellent, we heard no hallway noise, next room noise- matter of fact if you had both tv's on and closed the door between the room and bathroom - you couldn't hear the other tv. the bed was comfortable, lots of extra pillows, nice fluffy towels, huge deep bath tub (don't forget the bubble bath) my son is 6'1 and fit well in the tub (all you could see is his head, thats how deep it was). the kids hung out at the Arcade while we gambled one night (lost more on tokens then slots) - they also have a 6-12 kids quest but our kids were to old for that. The pool was awesome, lots of smaller pool areas but the coolest thing so far was the doorbell on each room!!! door bells that light up the 'do not disturb&quot; or &quot;make up room&quot; .Housekeeping was friendly, gave out more shampoo when asked and a large bottle at that. The desk clerks at check in and out were nice- we asked that all snacks be removed from the room, they took out the table top snacks but non in the refrigerator, which was ok we had our cooler. Buffet was nice, typical vegas buffet, several fast food areas in the food court closed early on the wed that we arrived but fat burger is 24 hrs. We tried to bowl on Thurs but they had leagues there and there was a 1hr 45 min wait for a lane (which was empty when we arrived) we also saw a movie while we were there, nice theater, popcorn/drinks kinda pricy but not overwhelming and the ticket prices was right on track to what we usually pay.I am hoping hubby goes back next year- cause I am going with him-- maybe w/out the kids :) A very nice place A++++	
Apr 13 2008 	The All in One Resort	Location: This resort is located about 25 minutes from the Las Vegas strip and they offer a FREE shuttle to the strip several times a day. This makes things very easy if you have any reason to leave this place at all (which you really dont need to)This resort is a TOP NOTCH!!! It has everything all in one place. A Movie Theater, Casino, Restaurants, Pool, Kid Zone and anything you can think of. This hotel is one of the nicest hotels I have stayed in. Large rooms, comfortable bed, flat screen TV with LOTS of channels and an excellent staff. The housekeeping offered turndown service, was super friendly and responded quickly to our requests.You might have the option of requesting a Vegas strip view or Mountain View, take the Mountain View. You can a great view of the pool, mountain and sunsets every night. The strip is located a little to far to get a great view. The casino is large enough to support anyones gambling and offers 5 dollar tables for the low rollers.The pool was heated and very enjoyable, even with 70 degree weather.Cons: Rooms can be far from the elevators. Express Checkout didnt work and had to call to get internet working. If you rent a car its a 30-40 minute drive to Lake Mead and Hoover Dam.	
Apr 12 2008 	Potentially Great but Needs Better Management	We stayed at the Red Rock Casino from April 1 to 4, 2008. The property is beautiful and &quot;potentially&quot; one of the best in Vegas. But the management is very poor. So poor, in fact, that it is on the verge of absurdity.  Example number one....their beautiful pool area is the best place in Vegas to be choked by cigar and cigarette smoke. We were absolutely amazed that time after time we got &quot;comfortable&quot; only to be run out by another new cigar smoker. It was truly a flashback to the 1960's.  Example number two......the sports book personnel &quot;assured&quot; me that they had 24 hour ticket cashing. Well, the actual number of hours to cash winning tickets was more like 18 hours. After the NCAA semifinals were played I drove from the Venetian to cash my tickets. The computers were &quot;down.&quot; Their 24 hour computers were more accurately &quot;closed.&quot; There was much confusion as to when they would re-open. Each employee that I talked to gave me a different time. Finally, the NIGHT MANAGER told me that they would &quot;correct&quot; this problem so no one would be &quot;inconvenienced&quot; by faulty information in the future. When I inquired &quot;what's in it for me?&quot; she replied that she was &quot;sorry.&quot; I had a plane to catch in three hours and no time to come back. She said that I could &quot;mail&quot; the tickets in. To me an &quot;I'm sorry&quot; is very poor compensation for going way out of my way on an already busy morning.  Example number three.....we were told at the end of our last visit on President's Day (2008) to contact a &quot;certain high ranking manager&quot; on our NEXT visit to receive &quot;considerations&quot; for finding &quot;illegal substances&quot; in our room upon check in. We left a message for this manager on our FIRST day and checked out without ever having our call returned. Very disappointing. They also ignored these same complaints on our &quot;customer evaluation card&quot; and never contacted us to &quot;follow up&quot; on those concerns either. In conclusion, one of the &quot;potentially&quot; best places in all of Las Vegas is in dire need of improved leadership and management. Although, all &quot;front line&quot; employees were extremely nice and helpful the quality of management is woefully inadequate.	
Apr 6 2008	Red Rock is Nice!	We stayed at Red Rock for a business conference. The rooms are very nice and comfortable. Large bathrooms with seperate shower and bath. Also seperate toilet. Beds are very nice and comfy! Hotel itself is beautiful! The conference food was not as bad as I have read on some reviews here, and I am a picky eater. Now, for the bad part.... taxi ride to the hotel from airport is $50. If you want to go to the strip, either stay on the strip or rent a car. The hotel will help you with that, or it's cheaper to look online before you get there. Ask for a room near the elevator. It's a long haul with luggage if you stay on the other end of the hall. Room service is expensive, and just ok. You have to pay for internet in the room. If you remove anything from the fridge, or snack area in the room for more than 30 seconds-1min. (can't remember exactly) you pay for it, whether you use it or not. If you are just going to relax this would be a perfect place. IF you want to see the strip, etc. it would be cheaper to stay on the strip, and more convenient.	
Apr 4 2008 	Great Place to Stay	My visit to Red Rock Resort took place over Spring Break (last week of March). My reason for choosing this property (and I have not heard or read any reviews on this topic yet) was the ADVENTURE SPA activities. It is a great option to Las Vegas to see the beautiful desert and enjoy the beauty that doesn't entail drinking or bright lights. The hotel offered to book outings - rafting down the Colorado, hiking throught Red Rock Canyon, kayaking, and bike riding just to name a few. My 13 yr. old nephew really enjoyed our rafting trip on a pontoon boat from Hoover Dam south to Willows Beach. David Bert is the manager of the adventure spa activities and he is the one to talk to for all the details. He is very knowledgable! The Hotel amenities were wonderful and the staff was friendly. My only complaint was that the pool did not open up untill 9am and while I was waiting for a treadmill in the fitness room, I sat on a lounge chair in the pool area. A &quot;suit&quot; came up to me and told me I could not be in the pool area. It was 8:30 a.m. I felt he could have used more discretion and not kicked me out as I was not planning on jumping in the pool. Bottom line: I would stay again here especially to get away from the strip and hike through Red Rock.	
Apr 1 2008 	Peace of Mind off the Strip	Our stay at the Red Rock was our second in a years span and it remains one of our favorites. For a slower pace, give this place a shot if you have a car.The hotel lies several miles off the strip, at the edge of Red Rocks Conservation area, but has all the amenities of the strip without the congestion, traffic and prices. Our room was 80 dollars per night and was more than adequate with king sized platform bed, flat screen tv, soaking tub, TV over tub, and shower all done in marble. The bed was unbelievably comfortable. the rooms are also very quiet and at times I thought we were the only ones on our floor.We have stayed on both sides of the hotel. One side has a night view of the city that is amazing while the other has a day view of the canyons that is wonderful if you are up early enough to catch it.The swimming pool is top notch and the gym and spa are included in the room rate and resort fee (at 21 dollars a bit steep if you do not use any of the amenities). I can't say enough about how nice the pool is in the summer-great lounge chairs and a very relaxing atmosphere. The hotel and casino staff are fresh and friendly. Apples and water are free throughout the day in the lobby and a turn down service with chocolate was provided. Parking was ample and wait times for valet service was minimal. The casino was stingy to us but they all were.The buffet was good and cheaper than on the strip.Getting to the strip is a 20 minute drive. Take the freeway (215) to the north end of the strip or drive right down Charleston (the hotel is on Charleston and the 215 freeway) to go to the southern end of the strip.The neighbor hood has all the food stores, Borders, more restaurants etc. across the street from the hotel.	
Mar 31 2008 	Really an exceptional property	I have now stayed at the Red Rock 4 times since it opened. I find it very difficult to give serious consideration to the negative reviews found here. I have been and/or stayed at most all of the highline hotels and resorts in LV and there is no comparison to this unique incredible property. It's a real 5 star resort with every imagineable amenity and activity and then some (except maybe a beach). Their own 16 screen cinema. Their own very cool bowling alley. Too many restaurants to mention. 3 Starbucks on property. Just too much to describe here and everything is done extremely well. The Spa is fantastic! Every staff member I've ever encountered here has been exceptional and relentless in the pursuit of my satisfaction. NO, it is not on the strip! If you are going to LV for the first time and want that hustle bustle tourist and sightseeing experience of the strip, you will be disappointed. If you have been to and stayed on the strip in the usual hotels, you will appreciate the attention and refinement of this property. It has everything. You do not ever have to leave the property. By the way, the casino is great too.	
Mar 30 2008	This hotel blew us away	We booked this hotel through hotwire and received a fabulous price of $79.00 per night. We love everything about it, right down to the hallways leading to the rooms. The room itself was modern, large, with a fabulous bathroom. We had a great view of the pools and mountains and our bed was unbelievably comfortable. We found the staff to be especially courteous and we had dinner at T-Bones and had a great time. We brought our two young kids and the staff there were fantastic with them. The pool area is gorgeous and the staff were once again very pleasant. Yes, its true, this hotel is not that close to the strip, however after spending three nights on the strip at the Bellagio (which we enjoyed), we felt the Red Rock was a welcome relief of the intensity of staying on the strip. Our only negative is that we can no longer find this hotel on hotwire and are wondering if others have found this secret gem, so its no longer on there. We would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to others and we are looking forward to returning.	
Mar 29 2008	Red Rock is Top Notch!	I must admit, after reading some of the reviews posted I was a little hesitant to visit the Red Rock, but WOW! We are so glad we did! Among a family of six, the Red Rock was by concensus our favorite hotel of our trip. The rooms were fantastic and extremely clean--of the utmost importance in a huge bathroom that boasts a soaking tub (used frequently by our group--twice as nice with two rooms!). The TVs in the bathrooms were a hit. The beds were comfortable and well-fitted with pillows and comforters. The sofa in one room, reading chairs in the other, were great. We were blown away by the gorgeous pool area (enhanced by perfect weather after leaving snow at home!). Round, mattressed loungers easily fit three, the more traditional cushioned lounges by and in the pool were also great. Service for food and drinks was easily available, but not pushed. Towel and chair-finding assistance was pleasantly provided. Every, yes, every staff person we encountered smiled and greeted us. Valets remembered us and used our names, as did bell, front desk, concierge and housekeeping staff. People were polite, helpful and fun! We didn't take advantage of the water and apples provided in the lobby as we had some on hand, but found this to be a nice touch. The facilities and amenities of the resort are outstanding, but as is true anywhere, interactions with people are what make travel memorable, and the Red Rock delivered in a big way!	
Mar 28 2008 	Nice Hotel - A Little Farther From Strip Than We Thought	The hotel was very nice, but it definately was further from the strip / airport than we anticipated. I called the hotel prior to making reservations and was told it was 17 minutes from the strip. That didn't sound too bad. Well, it was more like 30 minutes and a whopping $50 cab ride from the strip (we were tired one day and didn't want to wait four hours for the next shuttle and chose to take a taxi). Yeow! $50 plus tip = not doing that again!The room was beautiful and we didn't have any problems with anything being broken. We were on the 9th floor and we unfortunately did have a room at the opposite end from the elevator. It seemed like a mile walking down that hallway. My son joked about how fun it would be to ride a dirt bike up and down the LONG hallway. The bathroom was also beautiful and I particularly loved the shower. Appreciated the TV in the bathroom also. Nice touch. We never made it to the pool but it did look beautiful. We ate breakfast every morning at the buffet (make sure you get your players card for a discount). The buffet had a lot of choices and was decent. The hotel has a movie theatre with many choices and has a bowling alley. We were able to bowl one day and had a blast and it wasn't extremely expensive. There's an arcade for the kids too. I hate cigarette smoke but I didn't find the casino to be overly smokey. I knew I would smell some smoke but it wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be. Other than one shuttle driver (our first ride from the airport to the hotel) being aloof and not speaking to us at all, the other drivers were outstanding and very helpful. We forgot our camera one day on the bus and really thought we would never see it again. Tom, our morning shuttle driver, found the camera and turned it in to the security desk. A huge shout out to Tom. Thanks so much.I'd definately stay at the hotel again, but I might rent a car next time so that I wouldn't be so dependent on the shuttle service to come and go to the strip. It was nice to stay away from the hustle and bustle of the strip, but I can see the advantages of staying on the strip when you get tired and just want to go to your room and take the shoes off and put your feet up.	
Mar 28 2008 	Some good some bad	The good:-Beautiful lobby &amp; pool area-Large, modern rooms -flat screen tvs in room and bath-large tub-comfy bed &amp; pillows-FANTASTIC spa (but pricey)-daily poker tournament-close to red rock canyon-20-30 minutes by car to the strip-easy self-parkingThe bad:-casino is WAY TOO SMOKEY (I instantly had an asthma attack there - but not at the Bellagio casino or other strip casinos)-the buffet has yucky, dried-out food (don't waste your time or money)-long, long, long walk to rooms- over-priced drinks at the pool and poor pool drink service (hard to get their attention)- rude kids splashing people in and next to the pool (parents ignoring it, and staff did nothing)Overall, I'd recommend Red Rock. I've stayed on the strip before and this was a nice (more relaxing) trip. You can always go to the strip if you want, or you can relax in the resort. I liked being near the Red Rock Canyon - beautiful scenery. Very easy access to the highway, too. Only 20 minutes to the airport.	
Mar 25 2008 	Relaxing hotel away from the Strip	I stayed at Red Rock because I was attending a convention at the hotel. Given its remote location on the outskirts of the city, I would not have otherwise chosen to stay here....but I am very glad I did because my wife and I had a wonderful experience here.We found our room spotlessly clean and comfortable and an unbelievable view of the mountains not far away. The room contained two flat screen TV's, one in the bathroom. Soaps shampoos etc. from the hotel spa was also a nice touch. The room had three drawbacks - firstly it was a very long walk from the elevator bank to the room (ask for a room close to the elevator if this is a problem). Secondly, a wide selection of beverages and snacks was available, but there was a warning that you would be charged if the items were moved from their base for more than 45 seconds. Finally, a switch near the door indicates &quot;Do not disturb&quot; or &quot;Clean room&quot;. Make sure the switch is set the way you want or your room might not be cleaned (or the maid might walk in when you want privacy).Hotel facilities were great. Casino seemed as good as any we've seen on Vegas or Atlantic City. Spa and gym were well maintained, and pool areas were well designed. Buffet food was excellent and the two restaurants we tried - the 24 hour cafe and the Japanese restaurant - were flawless. We even took advantage of the movie theatre attached to the hotel.All told, we had a great time at Red Rock, would return again and would heartily recommend the resort to anyone looking for enjoyment away from the Strip.	
Mar 24 2008 	Loved Having a Piece of Red Rock!	We were on the Strip for two nights and we agreed that our last night in Vegas would be off the Strip - we just didn't know how far off the Strip. Although it was a 'short journey', it was worth it.The hotel lobby was beautiful and so contempo - chic. Our room was not yet ready, but the check in consultant worked with us to ensure we had no stress while waiting to get into our room. She also asked which room view we wanted (Red Rock / Strip) and if we wanted to be closer to the elevator and explained that otherwise it would be a walk. While at Red Rock, we visited the Spa and it was to 'die for'! The spa employees were so attentive and so knowledgeable. The available services were extensive and the prices (coming from the North East) were actually reasonable.The pool was great, the atmosphere, the available food choices were wonderful and the choices of clubs and lounges were many; a small, self-contained city within itself. What I didn't like was the idea of pets in the hotel; unless there are rooms solely dedicated to pet owners, I'd prefer to have no pets beyond seeing eye pets.The employees were ready to assist - even without a tip. Overall, this was a wonderful, off the Strip adventure.LadydivasanNew York.	
Mar 24 2008	awful	overpriced and rude staff at the pool. room is nice but nothing worked:broken scale, broken night lights, broken drape rods, broken safe. long boring walk to room. we definitely felt they were working class trying to be upper class and do not quite make it!. the Bellagio was definitely a better experience. Never again.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great resort!	I'm a little disappointed with the previous reviews on Red Rock. My husband and I found it to be quite nice and relaxing. If you are looking for a great resort that is not too crowded, great food and service, then this is your kind of place. The rooms were very spacious with a great tub and shower. We were on the 19th floor with a beautiful view of the pool, which is just magnificent at night. Because it was on the cool side, there wasn't any service out by the pool but it was also never more than a handful of people. Yes, it was a little hike to the elevators but who doesn't need a little exercise. I would not rave about the famous buffet there. It was mediocre at best. The Italian restauraunt was very good. Also, the cafe is good for a quick bite. There are so many different places to eat at this resort, you really never have to leave. The casino is ok and what I liked about this place is that you can walk through the lobby and casino and it seemed virtually empty, whereas you can't even get through the casinos on the strip without bumping into people. Tables did not get crowded and the staff was very helpful and friendly. It is a bit distant from the strip but if you rent a car,no problem and it's nice to escape back to Red Rock for a relaxing night. I did not find it noisy at all. I could hear the ajoining jacuzzi but good for us they didn't take a bath at 3 a.m.. I would strongly suggest seeing the Love show. It was absolutely amazing and I am not a huge Beatles fan.	
Mar 14 2008	Very Nice BUT Beware	Red Rock was a very nice hotel. Newly appointed, above average size rooms. The room had a nice flat screen (42&quot;) with either a view of the pool or strip. It had a very nice pool, even by Vegas standards. The night scene was very good for the 20's, 30's and 40's crowd. If the W Hotel had a casino it would look like Red Rock. If you self-park, you don't have to walk thru the entire casino to get to the hotel elevators. Casino was large, clean and spacious with good places to eat...a little expensive though. If you find the following acceptable, you'll truly enjoy this hotel.Now here are the negatives.....1) It's about a 30 min drive to the strip. 2) My room was less than clean. 3) I ran into four different hotel guests with pets during my first 6 hours at Red Rock. I'm not a big fan of animals in hotel rooms. 4) You have to ask for a room near the elevators. I've never walked so long at a hotel to get to an elevator. 5) Finally, beware of housekeeping....they knocked on my door four times in two nights to do a &quot;room check.&quot;	
Mar 12 2008 	Service Mediocre at best	I have stayed in better. For starters I have never been in a hotel that had one set of elevators. They put us in a room that was at the opposite end of the elevators. From the time we got off the elevators we had at least a 5 minute walk to our room. Not so good after a night of drinking in Vegas. The hot water in our room was scalding hot. No cold water whatsoever and while we were trying to relax in our room we had an engineer in our room tearing out the wall to fix it. Oh yeah, the walls are paper thin. We could hear our &quot;neighbors&quot; every night. The sad thing is, is that they were not being overly noisy. Just talking. Yet we could hear every word they were saying. And when they were noisy it was like they were in the room with you. Not good at 3 am. Room service was good. Although there was a lengthy wait time. They were polite. Although before our trip we requested that a bottle of champagne and a fruit basket be waiting in our room when we checked in. Nope. We had to call and request it again. Wont be staying there again.	
Mar 11 2008 	Not worth the price.	The hotel rooms are very nice , they are actually suites. Plasmas in both room and bathrooms. Seperate shower. These are the positives. Not as crowded as the strip.The negatives. Far from the strip expensive cab ride. Walls in room are thin, sounds can be heard from the next room. Lots of construction next door that starts real early in the morninig. Poor customer service. We asked that the mini bar be removed twice during our trip, it never was. $27.50 daily resort fee.	
Mar 10 2008 	best in LV	Very nice resort. A bit pricey cab fare to strip (be wary of LV cabbies), but this place has a nice room set up, great meeting rooms, beautiful pool area and excellent restuarants (especially the italian one).Only negative is that the casino is MUCHO smokey. Lung cancer haven.!	
Mar 7 2008 	5 Star Resort 3 Star Location	I spent a few days at Red Rock 2/28 - 3/5. The resort is quiet nice and very upscaled. I agree with many of the reviewers, that to travel back and forth to the strip is difficult, time consuming and expensive. I went to the Strip only once. I am a quieter personality type, hence I really enjoyed this resort. The Conference I was attending booked the trip in this resort so I did not personally choose the resort. The spa is the nicest I have ever experienced and I have traveled quiet a bit. My room was not ready, and I spent the morning in the spa area with the bellmen being very nice to tot my luggage around for me! Honestly, though, if I was planning a trip to Vegas on my own, with Vegas being what it is - I would prefer to stay on the Strip. I would have liked the opportunity to walk down the Strip at various times vs. having to plan large blocks of time to get there. I just don't see the logic in this large nice resort being so far from the Strip. The T-Bone restaurant was excellent as well as the Italian Restaurant. I ordered room service a few times and it took 75 minutes and was not very good. If you are a coke drinker - the resort only serves Pepsi products. And, yes everything in Vegas is expensive. Do not touch anything in the mini-bar or the food on the dresser. The TVs appeared to be nice (flat screen etc) but the one remote did not work very well and the bathroom TV had very limited TV channels. For the money, I'd recommend that most folks stay on the Strip. Other Vegas comments:-The Cirque O show was outstanding-Golf at the Badlands (5 minutes from Red Rock resort) was beautiful and great golf-The Bellagio is a must see.	
Mar 4 2008 	loved it!	I had to go to Vegas for work. My birthday was the next day, so my husband booked us a room at the Red Rock on a friend's (who lives in Summerlin) advice. It was wonderful! It is far away from the strip, but we only live a short distance from Vegas, so that was not a big deal. Been there, done that! The room was amazing! It was like a little spa! The bed was huge and a non-smoking room really was a non-smoking room! The tub was fantastic! Very fancy and really upscale. I cant wait to stay there again!	
Mar 4 2008 	Fabulous	This is the nicest hotel that I have stayed in, in Las Vegas so far. It is a ways from the strip but well worth the drive. The room was very clean, fairly spacious with a comfortable bed and pillows. The flat panel TV in the room along with the flat panel at the end of the bathtub made it feel very scheek. The bathroom with the separate stool area was nice. Double sinks along with a separate shower were very handy for my husband and myself. The lighted closet with robes were a nice touch.  The maids were very attentive, including turn down service each night.  The only complaint I could possibly find was that the room was a little dark, even with all the lights on. The light switches beside the bed were very handy at bed time. I didn't use the spa or exercise room but imagine it was top of the line. I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone.	
Mar 3 2008	Red Rock Truly Rocks	I am a frequent traveler to Las Vegas, NV and was convinced to stay off the strip (really off the strip) at Red Rock Hotel.It was nothing short of phenomenal.The staff were ultra-friendly, and genuine. The food choices were many and afforadble. The rooms still had the new car smell. And it was just a fun place to be, even on a weeknight.Looking forward to going back in the summer and enjoying the pool.	
Feb 28 2008	Not Worth half the Cost	For a new facility expected good to excellent location and service. Extremly disappointed. Room not properly clean at check in, wall between rooms so thin that I thought a porn movie was being made next door. Complaint to security un-answered. A female consiguer was so un proffesional and rude, actually laughing at me, because I had complained about the service. I would not recommend this hotel, and the Mexican restuarant had only one bus-boy during the rush of meal time that the bar tender had to clean our table to eat. The food was terrible, for $68.00 I got a small piece of fish with some rice and beans. I could have gone to Chili's and had gotten a great meal for a quarter of the price. NEVER AGAIN.	
Feb 26 2008 	Red Rock Rocks!!!!	If you want something a little more laid back than the strip then this is your place. The hotel decor and rooms are phenomenal, the best I've ever seen. Two plasma TV's and incredibly comfortable and luxurious beds. Spectacular view of the mountains. Less crowds than the strip. Bowling alley and movie theatre on site. Great staff. Only negative - although the buffet was fantastic our other restaurant experiences here were just okay, even though they were pricey. I'm not a complainer but my meal at the italian restaurant was actually inedible (agreed by everyone at the table, not just me!). And no, there's no coffee pot in the room so prepare to go downstairs (or send your sweetie!) for that morning cup of joe. Even with that, we will absolutely stay here again and recommend it to anyone. We stayed two nights here and two at the strip and wished the entire time we were back at the Red Rock. It is a drive (15 minutes or so) to the strip so be prepared for that. But if you've already &quot;been there and done it&quot; on the strip and you're looking for a different las vegas experience, definitely try the Red Rock!	
Feb 26 2008 	Loved the Red Rock	After reading the reviews, I was hesitate to stay at the Red Rock. It is quite a ways from the strip and didn't want to feel trapped if it was as some of the reviews noted it to be. Upon arrival I knew we had made a great choice. The drive wasn't as bad as I had feared after reading some of the reviews. We picked up a rental car because we knew we would want the freedom to come and go and not have to wait on a shuttle. Upon our arrival we were greeted by Angel at the front desk. She was great, she made us feel welcome. We arrived around 11 our room was ready, even though check in isn't until 3 pm. The room was very nice. We have been to Vegas numerous times. This has to be one of the nicest places we have stayed. The casino floor was nice, with a great mix of games. The dining options were also very extensive. We left the casino twice to get some shopping done on the strip but were very happy when we returned. If you are visiting Vegas for the &quot;Vegas&quot; experience this is probably not the place for you. I didn't have a drunk person run into me once and nobody tried to hand me porn. But if you love the gambling, relaxing and dining, then you will not be disappointed. The spa is wonderful and although I didn't use the pools, they looked very nice.	
Feb 25 2008 	Poor Customer Service with indifferent attitude	I arrived on Valentines day for a romantic get away weekend. Two nights was too long. The room had garbage in the closet. Three calls about a noisy neighbor between midnight and 3am...without help. Kojak style , Head of security could care less. Dirty towels on the floor. Complaints to front desk are greeted with &quot;Thanks for your comments&quot;.....basic lip service. Spa staff are rude and indifferent. Mexican restaurant , fish that was so chewy it had to be cut with a knife. The margaritas were good...but quite expensive. After paying $269 a night, I realized that unless you are willing to spend big bucks in the casino, you really don't matter. Would never stay here again.	
Feb 24 2008 	Blood Boiling	We arrived at 11 am for a 4 night stay in a $634 a night suite. Our room wasn't ready, but was promised shortly. At 1 pm a trip to the front desk again got us a &quot;promise&quot; for the room to be ready &quot;shortly&quot;. At 3:00 pm another trip to the front desk got us another promise that a manger would personally find out what was going on and call us right back and a &quot;promise&quot; of a $50 credit. At 4:30 we got a call that our room was ready. No apology, no $10 fruit basket, and no $50 credit appeared on our bill.Other people in our group checked into dirty rooms and or didn't get room service for 2 days. One of our party checked into a room that had a used condom in the sink.At check out, a review of my bill didn't show the $50 credit, but showed a additional $43.58 resort fee per night that was never disclosed to me. On checkout, the front desk made my blood boil, again when they said that they could only issue the $50 credit against a room service charge and the only room service charge we had was for a $40 bowl of oatmeal, so we would only be getting a $40 credit. The outrageously expensive $246 massage didn't count, nor the very expensive $300 and $400 dinners, not even the $2.50 per local call. There only saving grace was their bellmen. Those guys where excellent. Who ever is running that dept. should take over for the fired front desk and maid service managers.If you enjoy a nice pool area, forget it, the main pool was cold and the pool area was closed more than open. The spa Jacuzzi was also non operational. I guess that $43 resort fee is badly needed to fix those things.I've been to resorts and they have disclosed a resort fee of $10 - $20 upfront. That gets you free internet, free local calls, etc. Not here, a local 1 min call is ridiculas $2.50, internet, you name it, is all extra charge.If you want to go some place that is only interested in taking your money and raising your blood pressure go there, if you are interested in service and a relaxing experience the choices in Vegas are hugh.	
Feb 23 2008 	Nice but a few problems	I agree with many of the comments on Tripadvisor. Overall, I had a good experience and found the staff very helpful and pleasant. The bed was supremely comfortable and the room was very quiet and could be made totally dark at night--something important to me. I did not use the pool facilities or visit the casino. The food was of reasonable quality. The view from my room was magnificent. The long hallways were good for my health!One or two things I didn't like, although these tend to be matters of personal taste:--The walls in the room were painted dark brown. Even with multiple incandescent lights I couldn't get it light enough at night; indeed I was hard pressed to find stuff in my suitcase. I found this color quite depressing, although I believe it is currently fashionable.--The carpets in the common areas are designed to mimic waves or sand dunes. They are too realistic! People in our group complained of feeling seasick or drunk!--There are no coffee pots in the room. This maybe because there is a Starbucks in the hotel or because they feel that at these prices you can afford to pay $13.00 for a 3-cup room -service pot. I called to request a coffee pot. I was told that they were all in use by other guests, but that when one was available it would be delivered to my room. I never got one. This alone would deter me from staying there again, as I love my early morning coffee.--It is quite hard to find the hotel bus at the airport--the directions they give you are not explicit enough. The bus is not all that frequent, and I was told by others that a taxi cost around $60.00.I hope the hotel will find way to address these issues, as it is really a very nice place, if a bit far out.	
Feb 18 2008	Awful Service	Arrived very late on Valentine's day 2008 after long drive. The lady at check in assigned us a room with two beds and told us that the King wasn't available. We really needed a romantic break but the lady made no attempt to make it up to us. She could have offered anything to compensate but offered nothing. And I was sorry to say that she appeared to enjoy our disappointment.	
Feb 17 2008 	Rudeness at VIP Services	I usually don't write reviews, but after reading &quot;beevcat&quot;s review, I thought I'd add my two cents. I also booked a Signature Suite and came away deeply disappointed.My wife and I booked a Signature Suite from Christmas Eve through the 27th. We really looked forward to &quot;Christmas in Vegas&quot; and when we first arrived, we were extremely impressed. The Parking and Bell staff were some of the most friendly and efficient I had ever seen. When we went to check-in at the main desk we were told that since we had a suite, we could use the VIP check-in. There we were given coffee and tea as we waited for check-in. It seemed all would be great.We got up to our room about 6pm and figured we had a lot of time before dinner. So a quick soak in the jacuzzi was in order. But just as in beevcat's review, our jacuzzi didn't work. For the next hour and a half we played phone tag trying to get this resolved. We finally got the night manager involved. He was sympathetic to our problem and made sufficient resolution to the problem. He also promised us a different room in the morning so we could enjoy Christmas hassle free.We repacked everything on Christmas morning and were told that bell service would move everything to our new room. Everything would be set by 1pm. At one o'clock we checked with VIP services and were told the new room still wasn't ready, come back at 3pm. Well, to make a long story short, it wasn't. In fact, another room wasn't available. We tried getting this resolved with a VIP services representative, but were told it wasn't his job to resolve problems. We asked to see the manager again and were told, &quot;I can't leave this area to get him.&quot; After 20 minutes of arguing with this guy he made the comment, &quot;I shouldn't be helping you, cause your not really VIPs, your just plane customers.&quot; That did it!! Does that mean &quot;plane customers&quot; aren't worth the trouble??? We finally did get a manager involved again and again the manager did make significant resolution. But we much rather have had a hassle-free Christmas than the comp amount.	
Feb 13 2008 	Loved the hotel...and that's about it	So if you book this room via discount travel website (Hotwire, Priceline) expect to be treated as such at this resort. The resort itself was phemonenal - the rooms were one of the best we've stayed in with its flat screen TVs in the room and bathroom, great shower/bathtub, and the bed was incredibly comfortable!! The Feast buffet was outstanding and the hotel is truly impressive.BUT!! The service - not so wonderful. We were told that a King room was available but we were sent up to the 19th floor, ALL THE WAY DOWN THE HALL TO THE OTHER END OF THE HOTEL (elevators are only to one end of the hotel, NOT the middle, so if you have trouble walking long distances you do not want to stay at this property unless you are in a wheelchair), only to discover that they gave us two queens. For an hour we kept trying to call the front desk but after the first front desk employee talk to us, she put us on hold and sent us back to the operator. After that, our call kept being sent directly to the hotel operator and and the front desk never called us back, even after the operator assured us she sent them an email message. We felt completely ignored by the front desk staff. I guess they felt that the discount price we we paid for the room deserved discount treatment.Also, the resort fee of $25 a night was a joke. The spa was closed, so the one thing we were interested in wasn't even available.All told, if you are looking for luxury, this is the place to go and you have money to spend for good service. If you find a deal online for a room rate, beware of snobby staff at the front desk. All other staff seemed very nice such as the valet, bell staff, and food staff.....but then again they don't have access to room rate information so they had no reason not to be nice to us.	
Feb 11 2008 	Fabulous Red Rock!!	I read reviews before going from everywhere. Was worried due to mix reviews but many of them were from when hotel first opened (currently hotel is 2 years old). I also noticed in every circumstance of unhappiness the hotel offered a reasonable solution but many of the complainers didn't take them up on the solution or still unhappy. My opinion is that sometimes things go wrong but if an effort is made to solve the unhappiness is acceptable. Many hotels don't even try but the Red Rock does. This is a fabulous hotel/resort. It has everything and the service was wonderful!!! Everyone was helpful, polite and went out of there way to serve us. The rooms are large, comfortable and great views. Extremely comfortable beds/linens. 2 plasma TVs (one in room the other over the marble bath tub). The bathroom is gigantic. The bose music system in great. Limited electirical outlets. I use my lap top in early mornings to read news, usually in bed with coffee. There is no outlet at the beds. Next time I will make sure I charge my laptop when arrive. The restaurants are wonderful! The meal at the mexican restaurant was large enough for two. As usuall anywhere in vegas, plan on a line for the buffet. If you have kids you will love the pools, theatres, bowling, arcade, spa adventure trips. If you are 21-40 you will love the night clubs and gambling. If you are 50 and over you will love the comforts and the relaxation but might be a bit annoyed by the loud music at the lobby area to give this a young exciting atmosphere. It bothered my husband but not me. I like the excitement of casinos and this was nothing compared to the chaos and noise at the hotels on the strip. Tips: Grab complimentary water and apples in lobby on check in. Ask for a room between elevator and the middle of the floor. This way you are not too far from elevators and you have a great view. I like the view of the red rock from the panoramic windows. If you want to spend time on the strip be sure to get a rental car. It is 11 miles to strip. We valet parked at central location then did walking and monorail of strip. Use the spa facilities even if you are not having a service. Don't get angry about the extra $22 resort fee, just consider this as part of your room cost. I will definately stay here again and recommend it to everyone.	
Feb 4 2008 	Excellent Rooms with Great Views!	We just got back from a trip to Las Vegas. We stayed at the Red Rock because the event we were attending was there. It's a newer hotel- not located on the strip (about a 15-20 minute drive to get to the strip.) I loved the rooms- very modern, decorated nicely. The beds were super comfortable!The hotel has a casino, movie theater, spa, bowling alley, arcade, food court (2 Starbuck's), a few lounges/bars, and a handful of restaurants. The service at the Cafe (open 24 hrs) was slow- at least to get seated! The line for the place was constantly out the door, even though tables were open. Once you were seated they did serve you quickly, however. We ate at the Mexican restaurant- was average.The hotel is long and the elevators are located only at one end! The walk to the other end (if your room happens to be down there, which ours was) is quite long! If you have any problems with walking, make sure you request a room by the elevator.I did go to the spa. Was probably one of the best spas that I have been to!!! Nicely decorated, has a steam room, sauna, whirlpool, showers and everything you need to shower (shampoo, conditioner, hair products, etc.) If you're staying at the hotel- you can use the spa's facilities without having any services. I had a great 50 minute swedish massage:) I recommend at least checking it out.The gym was very nice. Has everything you could need- machines, free weights, etc. Everything was in working order and plenty of bottled water available. I was disappointed that they did not have the yoga or pilates classes that are advertised on their web site- seasonally offered only.Overall, a very nice hotel and spa. A lot to offer but know that you are nowhere near the strip. The rooms have great views of the strip and the canyons. The pool looked great- was just too cold to check it out! I'd stay there again!	
Jan 29 2008	I hope they've improved in two years	I stayed at Red Rock Resort a few weeks after it opened in May 2006. I sincerely hope they've improved since then. Positives: It is a beautiful spot. Nice shades of browns and dark reds everywhere. Nice to be away from the madness of the Strip.Negatives: SENSORY INPUT. Too much of it. Loud house and trance music all over the joint--casino, restaurants, pool, even the elevator. I couldn't read or even listen to my iPOD at the pool since the &quot;music&quot; was so loud. Ridiculous mini bar that charged me for just lifting a candy bar (luckily the hotel removed the charge from my bill). Who came up with the idea of a robot mini bar, anyway? Elevator door closed so quickly it nearly took my arm off.The place seems to cater to uber-rich twentysomethings who are the rudest people you can imagine. The staff (especially the pool bar staff) was rude. I wrote a very constructive letter to management after my stay, and never heard a word back. I guess they didn't value my business. I won't be back--unless someone pays me to stay there.	
Jan 28 2008	loved the view and service	As soon as we checked in, the service was impeccable! The concierge, the staff, the valet ...all gave great service !! i was there for a high school reunion, and all my classmates loved my suite! It was like prom night..after 35 years.....Beautiful view of the Red Rock canyon and the pool from my suite....The buffet was the best! ...All water and soda and fruits are free at the lobby ...Great weekend experience away from the maddening crowd at the strip...You can always drive to the strip which is only 20 minutes away...Rental cars are cheap in Vegas.Will definitely stay there again!	
Jan 27 2008	Not a Friendly Place	The hotel is over-rated and not a fun place to stay. The staff is very rude and unfriendly - this applies from the car valets to the spa personel. The hotel is filled with heavy smoke and not worth the money and/or time.	
Jan 26 2008 	Would not return	Mixed report here....the rooms were modern, spacious, comfortable and I agree with all other reviewers that the beds are divine.However.....We had a Signature suite which is basically 2 room with a middle room. (or 1 standard bedroom with attached bigger 2 rooms)We had the jacuzzi suite, which you would expect have a...jacuzzi! well, there was one but it was not working at all. There was however a big gaping section of paint from the room above whose jacuzzi was leaking, through our roof over the towels and on our floor. To their credit they did send a maid to clean up and offer to swap rooms, but trying to clear up 3 rooms to move just did not seem worth it. Add to that the following: of a resort fee of about $45 per day which we were not informed of when booking- when I queried this I was told this was for the resort facilities at our disposal ie the pool (which was closed for both days we were there due to wind and rain.) Turn down service which we did not recieve either night....oh and we were on the 10th floor and the elevators all broke so we had to walk it up....Again, they did credit this $45 per night, but only after I got really upset about being charged for facilitiies that were neither provided or they were unable to provide.As Australians we always tend to find service staff in the States to be really really attentive and just so much better that we tend to have at home (no doubt due to the wages/ tipping structure Im sure!) However....nearly all of the staff employed by the shops within the complex including the hotel shop were not at all what we had come to expect.The male staff at the kids amusement centre were just horrible, the girl at the ice cream parlour left a tap running at full steam for the full 10 minutes we waited to be served. Hello....you are in Nevada, and you are in drought! The queue to go to the bowling alley was over 1.5 hours both days (so we did not go)The staff at the souvenier shop were unable to finish a conversation with each other whist serving me!My sister has moved to Vegas for work, and lives 5 minutes away. This would be so helpful if only this was somewhere I would be prepared to go to again.I am not a negative person, nor do I have unrealistic expectations, but this cost me over $800 per night and indeed have given glowing reviews to Chateau Marmont where we also stayed, but to be honest, when I go back this christmas, I will not stay there again. I would rather stay on strip, where its all a bit more tired and you know you are a number, but at least it has an air of electricity and fun an theres always something to do or see!	
Jan 23 2008	The best hotel off the strip and totally worth driving...	My husband and I searched high and low for a nice AND NEW hotel to stay at while we visited Las Vegas in December of 2006. Everything looks nice on the website but the truth can be much different. Finally, we chose the Red Rock Resort, about 15 min. car ride from the strip. It was breathtaking!!! The hotel is new (about 2 years old), beautiful, tastefully decorated and very modern. The entire resort is impressive. Our room was very spacious, with a large, comfortable bed, many fluffy pillows and a flat screen tv to complete the experience. The bathroom had a separate tub and roomy shower, another flat screen tv and two sink area, where my husband and I could not fight for the space. Room was always clean and the bed made-up daily without exception. Staff was beyond helpful and courteous. The casino floor was enough in itself. Beautiful decor, fresh air and great pay-out. As for food, there are so many delicious restaurants to choose from but my favorite had to be the great buffet, filled daily with the most delicious things, including 20 varieties of cheesecake. It is too bad that it was December because the outside pool is so beautiful that I would have loved to use it. After experiencing the noise and filth of some of the hotels on the strip, we were very glad to be back into our hotel. Even though it is off the strip, it is like a diamond in the rough. Not to mention that the very famous red rock mountains are just a short ride from the hotel. Actually, if not for the fact that we wanted to see the strip, we would have never left the resort because it is so self-sustaining, and as long as you are a guest of the hotel you can use spa amenities such as hot tub, whirlpool and sauna with no charge. I invite everyone to stay at the Red Rock Resort and Spa anytime.	
Jan 22 2008 	Great Casino and Resort	Stayed at the Red Rock for one week on business. Overall this is a great hotel with many good aspects.The meeting facilities were spacious and the staff did a good job with our group. There were several events happening at the same time, and it felt like our group was lost a little bit because it was smaller.The rooms are spacious and very modern. The view of the strip is great, and the bathrooms are large with a tub big enough for at least two.The casino itself is very beautiful with several lively bars to choose from. The wait staff is one of the best looking we have seen in Vegas, and they are friendly and efficient as well. The pool is very nice, and the bar at the pool is a great place to hang out during the day. The restaurants at the casino are good as well. We ate at Salt Lick (good barbecue) and the Mexican restaurant.There really aren't many downsides to this casino. The only thing may be it's remote location away from the strip and other restaurants. If you aren't concerned about visiting the strip casinos than this isn't a big deal.	
Jan 13 2008	Loved Red Rock Casino 	We stayed here over Thanksgiving weekend for a soccer tournament. The hotel was packed with all sorts of teams, football, soccer, lacrosse, etc. in town for tournaments. Despite the crowds, we were very pleased with this hotel. The beds are so comfortable you never want to get out of them. Filled with down, high-thread count sheets, comfy pillows, etc. We needed a cot brought in and instead of a typical hotel cot we got a twin-size bed that was nearly as comfortable as the king. The rooms are big and roomy. Flat screen TVs in the bedroom and the bathroom. Because of the crowds it was a bit hard to get into some of the restaurants. In hindsight, we would have made reservations earlier in the day instead of &quot;walk-in&quot;.	
Jan 3 2008 	Good times relaxing not a crazy party place	This will be my 25th time coming to Vegas (from NYC). 24 times have been on the strip, so I thought it would be interesting to mix it up a bit. The Red Rock was a great hotel, with tons of restaurant choices, even a food court and starbucks on the premises. The service was all very nice, and the rooms were quite large and luxurious. The spa and their treatments were excellent, albeit expensive.Some of my complaints: The overall excitement of being in the casino seemed missing (compared to a strip hotel). Since it wasn't too crowded there weren't many active table games, which means the packed craps tables and BJ tables were a no-show. For some people this is a blessing as it's quiet and slower paced then usual. I personally love the energy of a packed casino.The overall clientelle of the Red Rock reminded me way more of Atlantic City then Las Vegas. Expect to see mostly 50-60 year olds wearing elastic waists and waiting for the $6.99 buffet (which was surprisingly quite good). Don't expect to see the usual models, and celebrities that frequent the Wynn, or Bellagio. My last compliant was the overall cleaning of the room. Upon checkin there was a dirty tissue on the bathroom floor, a half-eaten cookie by the bed, and some urine stains on the toilet seat. I'm not too critical but that last one was kinda gross.On the flip side, offering a full multiplex cinema and 70-lane bowling alley offered quite a nice break from gambling...All in all quite a good trip, I wouldn't necessarily go back to the Red Rock, but it's not that it wasn't a good hotel, I just prefer the activity and energy of the strip.	
Dec 27 2007 	Awesome Place!	Stayed here for work and it was great! Everything in One spot! More than you can ask for!. Word of a advice...ask for a room close to the elevator, there is only one elevator on one of side of the building, if you get a room on the other side of the building its like a 1/4 mile+ walk to your room, this gets old going up and down 10 times a day	
Dec 16 2007 	Nice and Convient	It is an easy drive from the airport to the hotel. I enjoy staying away from the strip and above the city. View of the strip is spectacular from the high vantage point to the west. Front desk friendly and met me with complimentary water and an apple. Quick check in. A major plus is you don't have to negotiate the casino to get in and out of the hotel. The layout is a little confusing but quickly learned.Room was very nice and clean. Bed was very comfortable. Love the walk in shower and large deep tub. No complaints.Will definitely stay there again. Bets the heck out out the Sun Coast. and equivalent to the Marriott.LVI Traveler.	
Dec 6 2007 	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED -- Just know what you're getting!	The Red Rock Casino and Spa is a great casino &amp; hotel. It's a cool, hip place with a clean, modern look. The rooms are top notch--very similar in style to a W Hotel. Some of the best that I've stayed in Vegas. It's got a sizable casino, great pool, excellent spa, some good restaurants/bars, a big bowling center, full movie-plex, and a fun after-hours club. It's very clean--only a few years old. And, nowhere near as crowded as the other casinos. On top of that, you're not going to get comparable rooms elsewhere in vegas for anywhere near the price. For what you get, It's a steal.HOWEVER. There is one caveat. The Red Rock IS NOT on the Strip (e.g. all the other Vegas casinos you're used to). The Red Rock is not even NEAR the Strip. You're at least a 20-minute drive from the Strip. (Note: The &quot;Strip View&quot; rooms at the Red Rock are a tad misleading. Yes, you can technically &quot;see&quot; the strip, but it's a long way off). I knew this because I've stayed there before. And frankly, since I was going to Vegas for some R&amp;R (and I'm not a gambler), I welcomed that. I liked the idea of both being able to go to the strip and enjoy the shopping, dining, and shows that the other casinos offer...while also having the luxury of spending time at the Red Rock where I could get away from all the massive throngs of people on the strip. (TIP: If you're going to be going back and forth to the Strip a lot, rent a car. Cab fare is going to be at least $40 each way).If you've never been to Vegas before, the Red Rock is probably NOT for you--because you'll likely want to spend the majority of your time exploring the Las Vegas Strip. As such, you'll want to stay somewhere on the Strip.However, if you're looking for a getaway where you can enjoy both the nightlife and bustle of Vegas...but also get away from it for a while.... I HIGHLY recommend the Red Rock hotel &amp; casino. Just know what you're getting...	
Dec 4 2007 	Red Rock Rocks!!!	My wife and I stayed this past weekend in Las Vegas for the LV Marathon. We were tired of the hassle on the Strip and all the flannel-clad strip club hawkers and obnoxious obese drunks, so we decided to stay off the Strip and chose Red Rock largely based on the quality of their website and the fact that they were featured on a recent cooking contest TV show. We were thrilled with the place the moment we arrived. The hotel and property is of a very modern design - think post-modern Tokyo - filled with clean lines, dark, rich colors, and well thought out contrasting textures. The front desk personnel were efficient, cheerful and helpful. The rooms were spotless and large and included a HUGE marble clad bathtub w/ flat screen TV. I don't know about you, but soaking w/ the tube is all right in my book! The bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in - better than the Westin's. The casino was a visual delight and remarkably not smoky. I enjoyed the fact that $5 craps and blackjack tables were abundant throughout the morning and afternoon. We ate lunch at the Cabo Grill or whatever their Mexican restaurant was. The fare was ok...but we're spoiled w/ great San Diego Mexican food, so we're hard to please in this realm. We also ate lunch at the Italian restaurant on the property and enjoyed it. The restaurants are reasonably priced. One thing I didn't like was that the room service menu seemed overpriced compared to other places we've stayed (Hyatt, Sofitel, etc...) and the minibar was tantamount to highway robbery. All told, this is my new favorite place to stay in Las Vegas. I strongly recommend it.	
Nov 30 2007 	Finally somewhere in Vegas I can enjoy!	We stayed at the Red Rock at the end of October with some other couples. Not being a fan of Las Vegas I loved being off the strip yet close enough to go in to see a show, go shopping etc. The rooms were gorgeous and spacious. The spa was wonderful and relaxing. The pool area amazing. Plus loved drinks at the firepit outside. It was a great time of year to go - not very crowded at all. Loved the touch of free bottled water at the front desk. My only &quot;issue&quot; and it wasn't bad is that the way the hotel is set up there is really one main elevator to the rooms and then you have to walk down one long continuous hallway to get to your room. Ours, of course, was almost at the end of the long hall. There is a pool elevator a bit closer. I would definitely return and would easily bring my small children here to enjoy the pool!	
Nov 26 2007 	Beautiful resort Service has MUCH to be desired	I really wanted to love this resort. I had read some reviews about poor service but hoped they had fixed the problem by our visit. Didn'thappen. Lots of little things, but I will highlight a few......I booked the hotel for my boyfriend's birthday weekend, sending them an email request for champagne prices because I wanted a bottle in our room upon arrival. No one got back to me via phone or email, I left both pieces of information. I called weeks later, just prior to us leaving for the trip (had to call twice because they hung up on me thefirst time) and managed to get an order in. Once we arrived, we hung out in hotel until check in time. When we went to check in, they told us they had no rooms available and it would be a few hours. I told herto cancel the champagne, because I wanted it upon arrival, not sent tothe room later. She told me they had no order in the system. We walked around looking for a &quot;nice&quot; bar to grab a drink. None of the&quot;nice&quot; bars were open ~ they do not open until 4, an hour past check in time. At 4, the lobby bar (beautiful) did open, but when I requested a white wine, we were told that their white wine shipment had not arrived that day. I ordered Merlot. We finally checked in and the front desk DID send a bottle of champagne (very nice and put us onthe right track again), but service issue happened ALL weekend. I had booked a birthday dinner (Sunday night) in their Italian restaurant and requested an out of the way table for a romantic dinner explainingthat it was his birthday, etc. Once we got there, we were put in the middle of the floor next to a table of 9 men drinking. Also, they had a door that opened to the outside that they continued use (it would stay open for some time before finally closing again). It was a cool November night, so cold air kept coming in, making it difficult to stay warm. Men around us were giving women their sport coats, my boyfriend and I did not bring jackets, we did not expect to need them in a restaurant. Lastly, on many occasions, at least one item we ordered (all at different restaurants) never came. There were lots of small problems with service as well and several rude staff that would ignore you, walk away from you or act annoyed that they had to help you. The actual resort is just lovely, as are the rooms. But so many small things kept going wrong, I wished we had booked a different hotel. I have been to Vegas enough times to know that plenty of the high end locations have service nailed down. Red Rock does not. They put much energy and effort into the image, but failed to provide matching service.	
Nov 18 2007 	what are you looking for?	my wife went to a conference at this hotel so my brother and i tagged along-i will give my review as a first timer to vegas-the hotel was awesome- i liked everything about it-plenty of good restaurants plenty of good bars, nice movie theatre,cool bowling alley,rooms were great, very comfortable and newer,they let us check in a little early and check out a little late, all the staff was professional and helpful, i never heard the word &quot;no&quot; from anyone, i liked the casino it had plenty of games and tables as i said i was a first timer to vegas and as excitied as i was about staying at this hotel i did want to go to the strip and hang out down there- this as other people have reported- is where i had issues with the hotel and why i labeled my review &quot;what are you looking for&quot; again i personally wanted the fun and excitment of the strip but everyone is right- the hotel shuttle only runs every couple hours and only runs to 6pm and the latest it picks up on the strip is 9pm -a cab ride is a good $35-$45 dollars depending on traffic and where you are on the strip- i also planned on doing some drinking so i didnt want to rent a car so i was really limited with my choiceslong story short-if you want to go to vegas and the strip isnt really your scene- than stay here and have a great vacation- if you plan on going to the strip more than once and you are going to stay on the strip for more than a few hours than i would say just stay on the strip and maybe come to visit the red rock for a few hours one day?	
Nov 18 2007 	Cool Option in Hot Town	We spent three days this past midweek while visiting family on the west side of Vegas. I have been a casino player in my misspent youth, from Nassau to Atlantic City to Reno, but no longer. Still, I feel capable of rating a casino as well as a hotel. But first, permit me to address concerns of those posting this past week.Las Vegas is set in a desert valley. It gets its water from Lake Mead, man-made after construction of the Hoover Dam. This has had an impact on development as much as the casinos themselves. In short, Las Vegas Blvd. is where it all started, and the big name casinos are all found within a mile of one another on that ugly stretch of asphalt otherwise known as The Strip. There is nothing inspiring about these monuments to all things tacky. But if you want to see and be seen among the faux statuary and balloon-sized breasts, this is where you go.If on the other hand, you actually want to combine a vacation of good food, good room, modern pool scene (including legitimate lap pool), first rate spa, and family-friendly diversions, you'll want something removed from the center of the plastic universe. If you want to go east of town next to Lake Mead, try Ritz Carlton at Lake Las Vegas. But be prepared to pay RC rates for rooms, and most Ritz properties charge the so-called resort fee which has apparently shocked some of Red Rock's customers. It is a nuisance, but it is increasingly industry-wide.If you want to go west of town, you might try J.W. Marriott, but for my money (and the rooms are incredibly reasonable), you'll want to stay at Red Rock. (Several posters: ‘cab rides downtown were $40;’ ‘the complimentary shuttle to the Strip took too long.’ Would that be the shuttle taking you away from this hotel’s casino to gamble at another hotel’s casino? And it’s free?) Of course you'll need a rental car. This is Las Vegas, not New York, and there is no public transportation. There's also no charge for valet parking, and despite another poster's complaint, self-parking lots are easily identified (dude, there's a sign) for those too, um, thrifty to spring for a $2 tip for the guy who brings your car to you. The vibe upon entry is a sophisticated, sleek, modern resort, where nearly every reviewer agrees that staff is courteous to a fault. The hotel entrance is behind the casino, so non-gamers can avoid the casino crowds altogether if desired.Rooms are spacious, dark wood and carpet (a Kimpton-like fuscia/lime/chocolate brown motif), with pleasant indirect lighting and a massive flat screen facing the bed. But the bedding is too comfortable, so you’ll fall asleep before the end of the movie. A smaller flat screen overlooks the ample tub, with separate marble shower and a commode enclosed in its own leather-lined room. Bath products are private label. Rack rate in November was something like $169/night, with spacious suites roughly twice that. Adding tax and resort fees still brings you in under $200/night, which just ain't gonna break the bank like a bad night at the tables.Room service was timely; house keeping desperately understaffed. Concierge and valet services were thorough and prompt. (I've waited a lot longer for my car at much more expensive hotels, and car rental rates are less than the cost of a couple of cab rides, so I'm not sure what the beef was for some of the reviewers. My advice to them in the future would be to look at a map before booking.)Pool scene was again low-key, elegant, but understaffed (probably owing to time of year and day of week). Spa was well-stocked and well-run. Others have pointed out the kid-friendly options: a legitimate movie theater with multiple screens; a substantial arcade; a mall-sized food court; a retro-cool bowling alley.The casino was ringed by themed restaurants, including Italian, Asian, raw bar, steak house, etc. There's a complimentary cocktail party with sushi service on Friday nights, a Starbucks above the lobby. In short, you never have to leave, but you can. If you do, you are on a beltway (215), which can take you to Hoover Dam in half an hour, or on a main road, which can deliver you to Red Rock Canyon for authentic mountain scenery in ten minutes. Contrast the Strip, where the crush of cars and construction trucks will only serve to remind you of the traffic jams you thought you left back home.)The casino itself had ample table space in addition to the electronic game and slot aisles dominating today's casinos. $5 and $10 minimum blackjack tables were easily available (and I haven't seen a $5 table in Atlantic City in this century.) Pit bosses were business-like and cordial, unlike some of the heavies you run into on the Strip.But the best example of management's style can probably be found in its casino hosts. This cadre of troubleshooters and concierge professionals give the resort a quiet dignity too often lacking in the mega-resort meat markets. I dealt with a gentleman named Winston Morgan, who handled dinner reservations, social concerns, and a private movie screening with equal aplomb. When we canceled the movie party, he asked if I needed a limo for the next morning.In short, I was able to stay at a complete hotel-casino resort with more amenities than many better-known upscale chains and decor from the cool earth tones of modern prairie design, and never have to worry that I wasn't spending enough time at the tables. I was able to relax, which is something most visitors to Las Vegas don't seem able to do. Odds are I'll be back.	
Nov 16 2007 	Red Rock in November	Traveled for a conference/weekend getaway. Luckily we figured out in advance how far the hotel was to the Strip and got a rental car. If you plan on making more than one trip there, it's a must. Hotel shuttle looked nearly impossible during conference nights....long lines for both shuttle AND taxis. (Note however, you must have a valetpark and retrieve your car each time you want to use it--with an associated tip.)Pros: Room was awesome and very comfortable. (TV, stereo, plush bathrobes) FItness facility also very nice and well equipped., pool area, Red Rock Nat'l Conservation Area (close hiking.)Cons: &quot;Resort Fee,&quot; not fun to drive back and forth to the Strip--especially later at night, crowded shuttle service, closed down the pool area early--about 5 or 6 if I recall correctly. (This is probablynot the case in summer I imagine.)	
Nov 13 2007 	Not bad-but........	The Bad-Mandatory $21 a day charge for shuttle service and turn down service (I had a rental car-had to pay anyway). Mini bar sits on the dresser. Don't move an item off it's tray-your charged regardless. Resturant servers were horrible. Felt like we didn't matter. $13 a day for internet access. Spa fees are really pricey. Very limited variety in slot machines.The good-very nice rooms and well appointed. The pool area is very nice. Many reaturants to choose from. Great for kids. Movie theatre, bowling alley (have to see if your a bowler) and kids area were a different touch you don't see in casinos. Much calmer than the strip. Plasma T.V. in the rooms are very nice. Actually ordered a movie (had problems with the volume which they claim is a issue), which I never do. Overall, a nice visit and I would stay there again.	
Nov 13 2007 	You Had Me At The Faux Mink Pillow	The room was a HGTV dream. Loved it. I'm a sucker for a flat screen tv, marble bathroom, upgraded lighting, platform bed with high thread count sheets &amp; mountains of pillows, not one but two bathrobes and a Bose stereo. The Red Rock Casino/Resort makes everyone who purchases a standard room feel like a High Roller by the amenities and nice touches in their sleek chocolate brown/lime green rooms.  Yes yall it is far from the Strip/Las Vegas Blvd and if it's your first time to Vegas you'll get cranky that you had to spend lots of money on a cab. But if you've been there, done that scene, look no further than the Red Rock to stay on a property that can entertain you for days. 9 restaurants, multiple bars, night club, huge gaming space, several pools, nice outdoor lounge/chill out areas, movie theater, bowling alley and a spa.  Remember, it has to be better than the Strip to get people to stay out there. They succeded!!!!!!	
Nov 13 2007 	nice but you have to like orange	I enjoyed my stay at the Red Rock. I was there for a conference. Its not anywhere near the heart of Las Vegas, so you are stuck there or have to take a 40 dollar cab ride to town. The rooms are very nice. Loved the plasma TV at the foot of the bathtub. Room was clean, bed was great and room was quite large. The orange decor of the hotel could get on your nerves though. Fortunately, the room was not orange. Pool area was very nice and spa was lovely. loved the quiet pool area near the spa. Staff was very nice. Ate at the steak house on the premises--Mr T's-- and it was excellent. Great food, great bread, wonderful beef and very good service. However the food for the conference was very bad. Terrible salads, soups and entress. Breakfast was soggy eggs. They really need to do better that what they are currently doing. Conference facilities were very good. Overall, a very nice experience.	
Nov 12 2007 	Best hotel for families in Las Vegas LOVED IT!	I am completely shocked and mortified at how non-family friendly Las Vegas has become! It had been about 5 years since we had gone to Vegas before we planned our trip this year. Our first stop was the Bellagio- terrible! Naked statues in the halls, naked people at the pool, beer bottles floating in the lazy river! We had had enough!The Red Rocks website is Awesome! You can see each day what the room rate will be. They have so much stuff for the kids to do. My kids loved the Kids Club and we loved having 3 hours to ourselves to see a movie, eat, or enjoy the casino. We also loved bowling as a family and their is a movie theater on site as well.The pool is great and there is lots of shade. The service was wonderful and we will stay there again and again!	
Nov 12 2007 	Nice but not if you want to spend much time on the strip	We stayed one night at the Red Rock before moving on over to the Strip casinos. We have been to Vegas many times. This hotel is a bit out of the way, so I wouldn't stay here if you've never been to Vegas before or want to go to shows on the strip or spend a lot of time there. That being said, the rooms are great. Large, modern, plasma TVs, clean, great tubs/bathrooms...very inviting and spa like. Restaurants closed early around 10pm, so we ate at the one 24hour place. Food not so good, but service was great. My well done burger was very raw and my husband's chinese food not very good. Don't know anything about other restaurants or the spa.They do charge a $15-20 resort fee per day....I guess you get to use the pool and drink free water. Personally, I rather them add that to the room rate than feel nickel and dimed....but that's just me.We probably would go back for R&amp;R sometime.	
Nov 6 2007 	Hip Elegance Away From The Madness Of The Strip	We stayed at the Red rock the first of November for a corporate function and were very very pleased with the hotel.The locationYes,it is about 10 miles from the Strip (if you stay on the 215 North it will take you right to the hotel). If you have to have the frenetic energy of The strip this isn't the place to be. For us it was a welcome change of pace. From one side of the hotel you can view the red rock moutains and the evening sunset is very lovely from the other side you have a romantic view of almost all of the Las Vegas City lights and views of stunning sunrises if your up that early. There is construction going on around the hotel but if you look at Las Vegas, where isn't there some? We had no problems with construction noise at all. The roomA nice touch is that the rooms have semi private entry ways which cut down on noises in the hallways and gave it more of an apartment like feel.Our room was quite large, very clean and nicely decorated. The work area was large with convenient outlets and indirect over head lighting. you can work and not disturb your partner with bright lights. There were also two direct reading lights on either side of the bed for the same purpose. The Bose Wave radio was a nice touch. Closet space is plentiful as was dresser space. The 45 second mini bar is something I think travelers are going to have to get used to as I have begun to see it in numerous hotels. I think you can ask to have the items removed however. The bed was very, very comfortable and plush made it hard to get up in the mornings. The bathroom included a very deep soaking tub which I loved (go easy on the bubble bath or you will have a room full of suds) and the flat screen TV above the tub was fun. The Stall shower was beautifully done as was the entire bathroom with intricate granite stone work. The CasinoThere is really no need to go any place else and gamble as the Red Rock has everything you need. We are not big gamblers but for those who are I don't think it will be a disappointment. The foodSeveral of our meals were catered as part of the function we were attending and they were for the most part delicious and served efficiently in an appealing way. I had breakfast in the cafe, which was very good. It was simply bacon and eggs but the price was right $2.99. We also enjoyed Champagne brunch at The Feast Buffet which was very good with an extrodinary variety of food. The bars also pour generous drinks which is becoming harder and harder to find as Vegas gets cheaper and cheaper. The StaffEverystaff member we encountered went out of their way to be friendly and helpful the front desk, the valaet and the bell staff were all quick friend;y and efficient and they were very, very busy accomodating our large group. My advice....give The Red Rock a shot I think you will be pleasantly surprised.	
Nov 5 2007	Awesome Hotel OFF STRIP!	I just came back from a Thursday to Sunday stay at the Red Rock. Here are some of my observations:1) Hotel is off strip and not &quot;off strip&quot; like the Palms or Hard Rock. It's REALLY off strip. It is a $40-50 cab ride from the airport and probably that much to the strip (factoring in trafifc). The hotel offers shuttle service to the strip and airport. I didn't take the strip shuttle but heard it drops you off at the fashion show mall. My airpot shuttle (on a Sunday) left every odd hour between 7am and 7pm. Shuttles are complimentary.2) Casino is your average Vegas casino with less wacky folk (since its off strip) and has probably more than its fair share of locals. $5 BJ tables were around most of the day and $10 BJ tables were around almost all day. 3) Amenities - Pools are awesome - looks exactly like the pictures on the website. Pool side food is so-so. There is also an on-site bowling alley, movie theater, game room and food court. Bowling alley was clean/nice/fun. Food court was a decent alternative to restaurants (especially for lunch).4) Spa - A+ spa. Great locker area, sauna, jacuzzi, spa pool, etc. I did experience some banging (from construction upstairs) during my massage but was promptly given a 20% discount which I thought was fair. The banging only lasted about 5 minutes during my 50 minute massaage. Only complaint is that the gym is small - almost an afterthought it seems.5) Food - I only ate at the Grand Cafe and Hachi (Japanese restaurant) while I was there. No complaints on the food quality but with all hotel food, it was a bit on the pricey side.Overall, I would give this hotel an A. It is a great hotel for those who are sick and tired of the strip and just want a relaxing vegas vacation.	
Nov 4 2007 	Very Nice but Far from Strip	The Red Rock has lovely rooms which are very well appointed. A particularly nice touch was the plasma tv over the bath tub. As other noted, we found the weighted mini-bar items a bit odd (if you move them for more than 45 secs, you are charged, even if they are replaced un-used). However, overall this was a very nice resort. While it cost less than a comparable hotel on the strip, it cost about $40 each way to get to the strip. Its probalby wroth staying in a hotel on the strip, rather than here, if the strip is where you want to spend your time. The money we saved, ended up being spent on cabs.	
Nov 1 2007	greedy greedy greedy	Location - middle of nowhere, don't count on shuttle, it takes you nowhere too// Does not qualify for resort, not even a coffee in the room, cold bathroom, few tv channels, so greedy that cannot offer free WiFi. BE CAREFULL BOOKING THROUGH HOTWIRE OR ELSE. Greedy hotel will charge you extra $20+ per day for ridiculous services, and this is MANDATORY charge, otherwise they won't let you stay even you were charged by Hotwire already (who really do not care). Greedy hotel will ask you ridiculous money in case you need to rent something (like camera, guess - $100 per day). Depressing hotel interior. Pool and spa closed early. The only good thing I recall is bath tub and faucets, however even this was spoiled by annoying noise of water when draining :-)	
Oct 26 2007 	Nice room in a land far far away	I stayed at the Red Rock in October for 3 nights. We didn't spend much time at the hotel itself, but here are some comments on our experience.On the pro side: -Our room was very comfortable: feather king bed, nice bath, etc.. -Everything was very modern and clean.-Large well equiped gym.On the down side: - The hotel is far away from the strip. Being our first trip to Vegas, I think we would have been better off on the strip. Fortunately we had a car and could avoid the hassle with either the expensive taxis or the infrequent shuttle bus. -The $20/day &quot;resort fee&quot; that gets added to your rate. I've never stayed at a hotel that did this.-the Bose system in the room sounded great, but we didn't enjoy hearing our neighbour's music.Unlike other reviewers, we didn't encounter any construction but there is a large empty lot beside the hotel. Something is going to be built there.If the location and rate suit you, it's not a bad place.	
Oct 26 2007 	Not worth the money	I stated at the Red Rock last weekend and was pretty disappointed. The pictures on the website are great - it appears that red rock and the strip are the dominant views. We had a strip view, and while we could see the strip it did not at all resemble the pics.BJ at check in was extremely rude. We booked well in advance and at check in she kept changing the amount per night and then was very vague when I repeatedly asked how much we were being charged. Finally I asked for the room rates in writing because it was all a little strange.I asked the concierge a question and he was not overly helpful.The room was nice, particularly the bathrooms. Beds comfortable. The mini bar is ridiculous - 45 second rule??Pool was nice, but it closed at 6 PM - I though this was Vegas?Casino was okay, what you would expect.Restaurants were good and reasonably priced.My biggest complaint (aside from BJ at check in) was the shuttle service. I think they should have twice as many shuttles as they have. I knew prior to booking that we were away from the strip, but I though the remote/serene atmosphere would make up for it. The hotel is not remote - it feels like it is in the middle of a subdivision.	
Oct 24 2007	This Place Needs Work	I agree with some of the pervious posts. I would not stay here again. I like one of the other posts also had a very bad stay at this hotel. I also received an email from a Mr Ronan O' Gorman asking me to comment on my stay. I replied to his email and advised him of the problems which included rude staff members. Despite sending it three times I never received any response. Does anyone know if he actually works there?	
Oct 16 2007 	Better then the Best.....!!	There is always someone that happen to have had something not so pleasant happen (like the a/c in review before me) that you have to consider could happen at any hotel, anywhere. The construction is to add and make better and is everywhere life is, call first and make sure it doesnt interfere with your plans. We never knew it was going on. Listen I am a 45 yr old mother of 3 (came wthout them). I go to Vegas once or twice a year among other vacation spots so I know hotels. I mostly go for the hotel getaway experince so trust this review. This visit we stayed 2 nights at the Venetian payed alot of $$, it was just nice. Then without plan or notice I walked into Red Rock just to check it out and said &quot;change my flight, I'm staying the night&quot; I mean I knew it while driving up to it. Now dont get me wrong, if you want the hustle and bustle of the strip constantly then there are a ton of great hotels there (Mandalay Bay being one) but if you want a &quot;get away&quot; resort/casino then Red Rock it is. Here is how you base a great hotel, not on your stay and what happen to you that night, but on the actual hotel itself Clean clean clean everywhere, every spot in that room was sparkling. AHH &amp; comfort, from the big deep tub with the tv in front of it, the chairs by the window views, the new clean carpet, to the most comfortable pillows and bed ever. How about cool and modern? Everything is ultra sheek, new, high tech, even the mini bar didnt just offer drinks but oh so much more (like fun stuff for adults, if you choose and pay for of course). Dont forget the 2 comfy bathrobes and slippers, the incredible fast, accurate and kind room service. I mean this guy didnt just bring our coffee and leave, he poured it and stayed a minute to converse. How about they turned our bed sheets down, fluffed our pillow, put slippers by our bedside, all while we were out at the casino for the night, so nice to come back to.  Now for the hotel! Unbelievable decor, I mean seriously I can only attempt to tell you, you have to see it! The lighting is not only breath taking its all real crystals, just ask, I did. There is so much art everywhere, but cool calming stuff. The absolute coolest bars each with ther own cool flair, every kind of restaurant , from sushi to mexican and more.. (have at least a drink outside of Tbones) , a food court, bowling alley, bingo hall, and a Regal 16 movie theater, yup right there. So I guess you could bring the kids.They offer a great adventure tour to the mountains, kayaking hiking etc...You know sometimes you dont just want to gamble, but if you do...its great and doesnt have only $100 minimum tables, for us $5 minimum folks, it has alot of both... All the prices are average like, not strip like prices, I mean we had dinner and drinks for $41.00 dollars at Cabo.  At the end I hated to go ( they asked me what time I was checking out 11:00, 12:00?) we took the Red Rock luxury free airport shuttle back to Us Airways and off home back to Florida!I felt a little more relaxed this trip home, guess it was the great night sleep our last night at the RED ROCK BABY!!! We'll so be back. GO LOOCHABELLA!!	
Oct 6 2007 	Don't stay here!!!	My wife and I were looking for a place to stay in Las Vegas that was different, and removed from the hustle and bustle of The Strip and seeing the Red Rock website, thought we had found it (&quot;Red Rock's serene surroundings&quot;, to quote the website). It was anything but. It's the perfect place if you like being in the middle of a major construction project that starts work at 6am every day and adjacent to a busy freeway! Don't be fooled by the hotel's website.The first night the room was very hot, despite our turning the thermostat down and the fans up full blast. The next morning we were awakened at 6.30am by an incredible amount of noise from the work being done on the top floor. It was a grinding, buzzing noise that literally vibrated throughout the room and continued the entire day. Later that morning, I went downstairs and complained to the concierge about the noise. She called the manager, who apologized and said the workmen were not supposed to start until 10.30am and that if it happened again I should call and they would see that it was stopped immediately. She also said she would &quot;make an adjustment&quot; to my account to compensate for the problem. She asked if we were checking out the next morning, which I confirmed to be the case. She also said she would send people up to fix the air-conditioning.Two men arrived to work on the AC and while my wife and I were sitting in the room they managed to disconnect a hose and some kind of gas sprayed out into the room. Not a pleasant experience and the thought &quot;Legionnaires Disease&quot; immediately sprang to mind. It really seemed they didn't have a clue what they were doing. But eventually the AC was working again 24 hours after our arrival.Despite my conversation with the manager, the next morning we were rudely awakened even earlier, 6.15am, by the same noise coming from the top floor construction crews. I phoned and the noise immediately stopped, but the damage had been done as far as we were concerned. The noise started up again around 9.30am.When we checked out, we complained again about the noise to another manager. She said the other manager wouldn't be in until 2pm (three hours after checkout time) and she had done nothing to &quot;make an adjustment&quot; to my account, or even leave a note about my complaints. The manager said she would make a note, speak to her colleague when she came in to work and email me about a resolution. I told her this was entirely unacceptable.So I had to detail all of the above to her again and she agreed to cancel the room charge for one of our two nights. All things considered it really should have been for both nights.But more than the problems we had once there, we actually feel slightly deceived by the way the hotel is marketed on the website. Having stayed there, I realize that some of the photos have been faked to make it look like the hotel is something that it is not. Just compare the photo I took from our room with the shot from the hotel website showing a Strip View room. It has clearly been &quot;photoshopped&quot; to make the The Strip appear much closer (and to mask the reality of the hotel being surrounded by a massive construction project). My own photo of the view from our room has not been altered in any way. Similarly, the view on the website of the red rocks from which it gets its name has been manipulated. In reality, you have to look very hard to see those rocks, as they are on the other side of the freeway.After we returned home I received an email from a Mr Ronan O'Gorman, VP Hotel &amp; Casino, asking for feedback about our stay. Despite replying with a long, detailed account of our nightmare, I've yet to have a reply from Mr O'Gorman. So I decided to share our experience her on Trip Advisor.So avoid this place as it's not what it's cracked up to be. It's a very long way from The Strip, surrounded by a massive construction project and freeway, and has construction work going on on the top floors that makes the place totally unbearable and the management have no regard for their customers.	
Oct 5 2007 	I could live here!	Hubby and I stayed at Red Rock in June for 3 nights and most recently at the end of September for one night. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. It is definitely one of our favorites. The rooms are large, the beds are comfy and the bathrooms are great. We didn't have any problems with the maid services on either of our stays, and hubby can be picky! Both of our rooms were very clean. We received turn down service with chocolates on the pillow every night. For both of our stays we had strip view rooms on high floors but they were far away from the main elevators and it was quite a hike. We did request a closer room on our first stay but after checking it out opted to stay in the first room we were given. Apparently the rooms past the pool elevators are in the &quot;newer&quot; wing of the hotel and we both thought that the &quot;newer&quot; room was slightly bigger and nicer than the older one. The pool area is amazing. It is large with comfortable lounge chairs and plenty of room. In addition to the main circular pool there are scattered hot tubs and smaller pools as well. The spa is great for relaxing or working out and for a little more peace and quiet the spa pool is perfect. The hotel is far from the strip, about 20-30 minutes. We always rent a car though so it was not a huge issue for us. The only issues we had with the hotel was that during our first stay the pool closed early two nights in a row for a private function. There was no warning of this till midday at which point we were already gone. We specifically left the strip early to enjoy the pool only to find it closed once we arrived back at the hotel. The spa pool was open though, and it wasn't crowded so at least we could use that. On our most recent stay; we were awoken at 5 am by construction noise. Hubby is a light sleeper so he was pretty annoyed. Definitely stay on the mountain side if you are a light sleeper. Again, I can't say enough good things about this hotel. The service, staff, everything has been impeccable on both of our stays. If you've already done the strip thing and want to enjoy Vegas but away from all of the hustle and bustle and at a slower, more relaxing pace, then Red Rock is perfect. We already can't wait to go back!	
Sep 30 2007 	Great for peace and quiet	PROS:The rooms are very nice. The pictures other travellers have posted are accurate. Please note, though, that the resort doctors pictures of the views from the rooms. The red rocks are a bit of a distance away, not just outside your window as the pictures imply. The Strip views are not fabulous, just a bunch of lights.The resort is well away from the Strip, so, if you want peace and quiet, this is the place for you.I was there for a conference. The resort was fully booked, but you would have never known it. The service was great.CONS:Again, the resort is far away from the Strip. Taxi cabs are $50 ONE WAY. The complimentary resort shuttles do not run frequently and end early in the evening. I had a 14th floor room with a view of the Strip. At 4:30 a.m. every morning, I was awakened to the lovely BEEP, BEEP, BEEP of construction equipment. The view is not worth the lack of sleep. The conference food is atrocious, with the exception of the box lunches served on the last day. Of course, after eating such terrible food all week, Alpo on a cracker would have tasted like fine cuisine. They have a food court in the casino area. Visit it.If you are attending a conference, beware the last day! Unlike hotels on the Strip, there are not lots of taxis waiting outside the resort's door. Talk to the concierge about hiring a private car. It will cost about the same as a taxi anyway - and it will not stink of Febreeze and stale cigarette smoke.The casino is frequented mainly by local retirees, not George Clooney. If that is your demographic, you will be in heaven.In short, if you are looking for a relaxing weekend, the Red Rock Resort is for you. If you are coming to Vegas to gamble and party, stay on the Strip.	
Sep 29 2007 	The Truth about Red Rock Casino and Resort	We spent 2 nights at the Red Rock Casino Resort and Spa in early July 2007 (Excuse the delay in posting). Here is an unbiased review of the property.Upon check-in, we were greeted by RJ (BJ?). I use the term greeted lightly since we felt less than welcomed by her. Honestly, she came across as very stand offish and putout. Not friendly at all. No welcome, have a nice stay etc. First impressions count and checking in with her was definitely not a pleasure nor a highlight. First impressions count. She should be in the casino money room, out of sight from the general public with her bad attitude. Some other clown at the front desk kept repeating the same mantra to everyone that checked in “Only the best for you”. What a bunch of BS…We found out that our room was not ready (7-7-07) which was to be expected on such a busy day since there were so many weddings in Vegas that day. So off to the casino we went.We went to the sports book to wager on some baseball. First and foremost, the Sports Book royally rips you with their drink rules! The Sports book gives 1 drink ticket for each $20.00 wagered. You only get 2 drink tickets for $50.00 wagered which is a complete ripoff! Also, they will not give you a drink ticket unless you ask for one. Also, for 1 import beer and a Bloody Mary it is 3 drink tickets, not 2 as one would think. So basically you would have to wager $70.00 for 3 drink tickets! In the main casino you can get any drink you want while playing any of the games, even the lowest wager games. The casino overall was nice but ran into a glitch there too. The casino computers were down on the morning we checked out so could not cash any tickets at the sports book. Very bad for a supposedly top notch casino to be having computer problems! The Blackjack dealer said the computers had been down for an hour when we asked and was not sure when they would be back up!We finally checked into our room around 5:00pm. We had a strip view room on the 17th floor. Great view of the strip from the upper floor. Room was larger than I expected, however, the bathroom was small but did have a small flat panel television above the tub which was nice. The main room has a 42-inch plasma television, however, the remote control was touchy and did not work all of the time.As for the housekeeping, I must say they are one of the worst I have encountered at any hotel/resort. A supposed top notch resort should not have that many glitches with housekeeping. First off, we did not receive turndown on our first night even though it was requested. Also, we had asked for 2 extra pillows. Well, 2 hours later someone came up to the room and even though the do not disturb sign was lit still banged on the door! VERY BAD!! Also, after a day at the pool we returned to the room to find one of the maids dirty slop rags on top of on of our bags in the room! Cheese curls from the previous guest were found near the bed on the floor upon checking into the room! The carpet in the room is dark and was not vacuumed on the edges, apparently ever! Also, the bed reading lamp was missing a bulb on one side, which was later found on the floor under the bed.We were warned by the front desk not to touch the mini bar unless absolutely wanting to use and item! Anything that you pickup from the mini-bar for more than 45 seconds will be charged to your room. Very weird policy! Just get rid of the passé mini-bar! Hello, nobody wants stale nuts and skunked beer! There was an “intimacy package” on the mini bar. Not sure what was in it but it was around $30.00. Must have been good for that price! Hmmmm.The Bose CD stereo in each room is a blessing and a curse. Knuckleheads next door to us blared their stereo at top volume. Walls are thin in rooms too so all could be heard.As for the pool, first and foremost, Alexandra the pool waitress sucked big time. She had a nice big, smug attitude. We ordered two Bloody Marys and 2 waters from her. She brings us the $4.00 per tiny bottle waters, when all throughout the hotel there are free tiny bottles of water available. We sent them back and she apparently copped a tude about the returned waters and refused to come over and wait on us the rest of the time we were by the pool. She seemed to wait on the folks who were flaunting their wealth quite fine though. Hmmmm?? We ended up going up to the pool bar to eat lunch since she would not come over to wait on us. Beware that an 18% gratuity is added to everything when ordering poolside. Definitely would have stiffed Alexandra if given the option to do so without having been forced to tip. I totally agree with other postings that throughout the resort, there is an air of arrogance with some of the staff - it seems that they REALLY cater to the people that &quot;probably have money&quot; but provide minimal service to others they deem not worthy. I must say that Allison the lifeguard was very friendly. She actually showed us to our pool chairs and carried towels and also brought us some waters since Alexandra the Witch would not wait on us. The pool area did have nice lounge chairs with cushions. Some larger bed type loungers were also available but appeared to be reserved well in advance.Also, apparently we are in another era of population growth in the U.S.A. so prepare yourself to be surrounded by lots of kids in the main pool! Fountain in center attracts them like flies on you know what! Prepare for no R&amp;R or P&amp;Q around the main pool with screaming brats everywhere! Cherry pool next to a large wall which was a bit strange. Smaller lap pools also scattered about pool area. Water was ICE cold in pools, almost too cold even with air temperatures around 110°. The “MIX“ music blaring at pool was nice for the first hour, then got a bit old. They need to mix up the music a bit, no pun intended. The pool bar was nice with Arizona Misters and table games. The pool bar food was good too.The valet and bellmen were very nice, actually the nicest employees we encountered in the whole resort.The gym was not very big for such a large resort. It was adequate, with some dumbbells, treadmills and a stairmaster that squeaked to high heaven. The treadmills had flat screen televisions mounted on them but no sound, only closed captioning. Have seen much better resort gyms for sure. Anyone who has ever stayed at the JW Marriott Cancun knows what I mean. If you do stay here check all of the available pricing options such as Orbitz, Travelocity and the hotel website. Actually got a better rate for a strip view room on Orbitz which included a $50.00 resort credit. Red Rock Resort also gouges you for $19.99 per day for a Resort Fee so don’t be surprised when it appears on your final bill. Don’t pay more for the Canyon/pool view which overlooks I-215 which is not much of view. The strip view is much better, particularly at night and from the higher floors.On checkout, our bags almost left in another guest’s car, who happened to have the same last name as ours. Now that would have been ugly! I could imagine the look on their face when they got back to California with someone elses dirty underwear!Ate at Cabo Mexican in the Casino which was good. Also ate at the fast food Mexican in the food court which was excellent!If you have LOTS of money to burn and like screaming kids surrounding you while poolside this may be your place. Otherwise, steer clear of Red Rock Resort Casino &amp; Spa. We would definitely not stay at this property again. The JW Marriott down the street is much less pretentious and nicer in our opinion. And you can always take a taxi to the Red Rock Resort Casino &amp; Spa if you feel the need to make a donation! Overall rating would be 3 stars since the casino is nice so I cannot give it a low 2 star rating…Feel free to email with any questions at big7ben@gmail.com!	
Sep 29 2007 	Red Rock best trip ever	A girlfriend and I traveled to Vegas to see a concert at Red Rock. We were going to stay on the strip for the action but, didn't want to have to cab it to the concert. I heard it was quite far from the strip. What a wonderful surprise! We took the complimentary shuttle from the airport. We had to wait about a half hour but, the shuttle was very nice. Good thing we did because the hotel was further than I thought maybe, 25 minute ride. As we pulled up, I knew it was worth it. The hotel is gorgeous! From the moment we walked in the door, everything was perfect. The hotel was beautiful, the staff was genuinely nice, and the room was gorgeous. We had a canyon room (17th floor) overlooking the pool and mountains (breath taking). Someone else wrote that the music bothered them on the pool side. I had to put my ear to the glass to hear it. Besides we didn't sleep much. We attended the pool side concert , amazing. What a great spot for a concert. Pool area is huge with about 15 pools. Plenty of room for everyone. Nice chairs with cushions. Family friendly but, nice for two single girls too. You could almost have your own pool. Drink service was slow but, our waitress was working hard in the 110 degree heat. The spa is very nice. Go early to use the private pool, steam and sauna rooms. Very pricey but, we were on vacation. Dining - We had lunch at Sandbar, about $15 a person. We had dinner at T-bones Chophouse, excellant. Two of us had a bottle of wine and filets about $160. Well worth it. We also, ate at the food court and Grand Cafe. Good food and prices.Cherry club - good mix of music, great time! Casino - fun, fun, fun. I saw drink waitresses more than ever on the strip. Didn't have to fight to get a drink. They have $5 blackjack and everything else you need. I lost, my friend won.I will still stay on the strip but, I would definatley stay here again too. It was nice that everyone at the hotel was staying at the hotel. You didn't have masses of people walking through like on the strip. I can't say enough about the staff. As we were walking out of our room, a maid even asked us if we had a good time, I said best trip ever!	
Sep 25 2007	Wonderful New Las Vegas Resort	Stayed at Red Rock Station twice in September, both times have been fantastic.Red Rock is the perfect place for long time Vegas visitors who are sick of the LV Strip experience. Red Rock is everything that the strip is not. There's a large gaming area, with plenty of room to walk. You don't feel like you're being run down by tourists. Overall, it's relatively quiet compared to its strip competition.As far as their hotel product, my coworker said that it reminds him of a brand new Westin. The hotel could compare to Wynn, Bellagio, and Manadaly Bay. The rooms are modern and stylish. It has everything you need to relax, yet all the modern electronics hookups if you're there for business.I found the bedding to be comfortable, yet my coworker had to have housekeeping bring him a new pillow. The shower was a good experience, as was the tub with LCD television mounted to the wall in the bathroom.The only complaint is that if you're room is not near the elevator, expect a long walk. There is a mid hallway elevator that takes guests to the pool. I found it was easier to cut through the pool area to get to the casino vs. taking the regular hotel elevators.During my first stay there was construction at 6am, but the hotel moved me, and credited me for that first night's stay.Overall, I was very pleased with the hotel and definitely would go back.	
Sep 16 2007 	Wonderful Resort but there are challlenges	Exhibiting at a conference and loved the hotel. The challenges: They charge $13 per day per laptop in the hotel room. If you are exhibiting and need to use internet in other areas of the hotel or on the conference level they are going to charge you $295 per day. per laptop! Crazy! Housekeeping staff are the friendliest I have seen! I have to say the server staff in the Grand Cafe and the staff attending to our conference food were leagues above those in the 3 star restaurants at the resort! Watch out at the pool, they include a 20% gratuity on your bill and the service is not worth it, don't tip twice since they don't have to earn it.The cab rides to and from the airport are $50 and the hotel shuttle only runs every two hours to the airport. The shuttle to the strip is a good idea but if you are going to see the shows keep in mind the last shuttle picks up at the strip at 9pm-before the shows get out so you will have to get a cab back to the hotel for $36.Booked the combo Hoover Dam tour and the flight over the Grand Canyon thru Vegas.com. Be prepared to sit on a bus while they pick up passengers at almost every hotel on the strip. Hoover Dam tour very good and flight over Grand Canyon was unbearable hot in the plane. A couple of people were sick. We don't think the A/C was working. I would go back to the resort especially if you want to be away from the strip. That is really the only reason to leave the hotel.	
Sep 12 2007 	Outstanding Across the Board!	I have little to write on the positive side that isn't already detailed here. Everything I read for the most part is true, the place is beautiful, rooms might be the best in Vegas period, and the pool, casino, and restaurants were all great. I read in some of the other reviews negative comments about the staff and service. We experienced nothing of the kind, in fact from the valet on the service was top notch. Check-in was a breeze (at 11:15am they had a room for us...we had requested early check-in but got there earlier than we thought), service by the pool was great, especially by the &quot;Cherry&quot; adults only pool. Zach helped us and was great. I read in another review that a hamburger, hot dog and Pepsi was $34. I find that hard to believe. We had fish tacos and a lobster quesadilla at the pool and it was $24. The place isn't cheap, but it certainly didn't feel outrageous to me. If you want cheap eats head to Circus Circus and stay in a double-wide room. Casino was great, drinks were plentiful at the craps tables and service was friendly everywhere. When we left the valet had our car to us in 2 minutes. We loved not being on the strip, something others have complained about. Look at a map people, it's at least 12 miles...yes if you go the strip by cab it will cost you. I've got news for you, take a cab from Mandalay Bay to Ceasar's, it will cost you too. If you want a great resort spa feel, with great restaurants and an adult feel, Rock Rock is perfect.	
Sep 10 2007 	The low-down on the Red Rock	We were looking for a great hotel to stay at in Vegas &amp; had seen &amp; heard good things about the Red Rock so we decided it would be a good place to celebrate our fifth anniversary.The good:- Pool area is great although the cost of the private cabanas is a little extreme. Not really needed though unless you want complete peace &amp; quiet.- Fitness centre is very good for a resort although several of the cardio machines with tv's were not working. It would also be nice if there was disinfectant available to clean off the machines between users.- The rooms are very nice &amp; the plasma tv's are a nice touch.- The Feast Buffet is a great place for breakfast. For less than $20.00 you can eat until your content. Staff were friendly.- Also had great food &amp; service at the Cabo Mexican restaurant.- The movie theatre &amp; bowling lanes are a great touch.The Bad:- The $43.00 cab fare if you don't feel like waiting for the shuttle is a bit of an opener &amp; really lets you know how far away you actually are from the strip.- Do not let a cabbie take you to Meadows Mall. We took the shuttle to the Fashion Show Mall one day &amp; then thought we'd go out shopping another day. We had passed all kinds of shops along the way in from the airport &amp; thought we'd check them out only to have the cabbie take us to some run-down mall close to the strip. Not a very fun experience!- We were upgraded to a Canyon View room which also looks out onto the pool. Big mistake! Good luck getting a good nights sleep because the music never stops! If the nightclub is open you'll be kept up all night. When I called down to the front desk to ask what was going on I was told it will stop at around 4am. We were given the option of moving to a room on the Strip Side but at 1am I thought I'd just try &amp; grind through it.- I know it's Vegas but the prices for food &amp; drinks around the pool are insane. $34.00 for a hamburger, hot dog &amp; a pepsi. Some of the servers are friendly but others are just miserable (although walking around in a bikini all day might do that to you).- Spa prices were double what you'd pay if you weren't on vacation. That might explain why you don't see alot of people using the spa services.In a nutshell...if you're looking for a place to stay but not feel like you're in Vegas then this is it. It's a great resort in the middle of the desert &amp; if you couldn't see the strip then you'd never know you were even in Vegas. I hope this helps.	
Sep 9 2007 	My New Vegas Resort of Choice	Red Rock Resort &amp; Casino is an outstanding property and will be our first choice accommodation for future Vegas visits.My girlfriend and I went to Vegas for 4 nights to celebrate my birthday and stayed at the RR for three nights. We were originally scheduled to spend two nights at RR and two nights on the Strip (TI), but spoke with the front desk to extend our stay at RR an extra day shortly after checking-in. The property just blew us away. Would have spent the entire trip at RR but we had exceeded the 48 hour cancellation window at TI and had an early morning flight out that would have been difficult given the distance of RR from the airport.Room: Wow! Outstanding room with a most comfortable bed. Big flat screen TV, two nice loungers and an iPod docking station/radio. Huge bathroom containing a separate shower, deep-soaking tub, water closet and double vanity. You also get a second flat screen TV if you want to spend a little extra time getting ready! Good toiletries and nice robes and slippers. Casino: Impressive facility with high ceilings, dark woods and beautiful chandeliers throughout. Personnel were uniformly nice. Even had a little luck there.Restaurants/Bars: - Salt-Lick was very good, but don’t have any late-night plans if you order the all-you-can-eat…I’m still full a week later. Excellent brisket and ribs.- Grand Café: Very good breakfast and sandwich items. Late night service was a little slow but given the crowds and the hour, not excessive or too be unexpected. - Sandbar: Waiters weren’t the best, but not bad. They seemed to be trying to be a little too cool to provide great wait service. Food was very good and seating/location was great.- Bars: Really liked Onyx and Lucky, especially the later. Cool vibe, great drinks and good music (nice mix, not just dance/club music). Onyx was nice, but a little too quiet on weekdays, much better on Saturday night. We didn’t go to Cherry as that’s not our style but looked to be a happening place, even on weekdays. Rock’s Lounge and the Sports Bar were both nice places to get a drink and the marguerita at Cabo was excellent.Pool: Our favorite part of RR. Truly a beautiful pool area, with lots of different pools and amazing lounge chairs. Spent a couple of days napping and reading by the pool. Never any problem getting a chair with space around you (Sunday and Monday, may be different on a Saturday). Waitress service was excellent, with a waitress there before you ever needed a drink.Service. Outstanding throughout the property, in all departments. My girlfriend commented continually how nice everyone was. I think this is where the difference between an 800 room hotel and a 3000+ room mega-resort really becomes clear.Check-In/Out: Very nice woman at the front desk (Angel). Room wasn’t ready when we arrived (11am) but she checked us in and took our cell phone number. We received a call ~1pm that our room was ready and to pick-up keys at our convenience. Check-out through the TV was painless and was able to pick-up copy of bill at front desk on way out (no wait). Valet: Car was delivered within a couple of minutes each time, with A/C running and cool. Helpful and clear directions provided by the valet. Bell Desk: Bags were delivered within 5 minutes of calling down for them. Very helpful and knowledgeable bellman (Rich?) showed us our room and provided a wealth of local info. Good experience checking the bag as well, with two very nice bellmen to take our luggage while we waited for our room.Room Service: Ok, not great. Arrived with only one setting (silverware, glass of water, etc) despite telling them two were dining and ordering two meals. Forgot dipping sauce for chicken fingers, although they offered to return quickly with the missing item. Food was tasty if not gourmet. Tray sat in hallway a little longer then expected but was gone within a few hours.Overall, we were very impressed with the RR. This was a different Vegas than either of us had ever experienced, but one we can’t wait to experience again in the future. Highly recommend, especially if you’re looking to get away for a fun and relaxing (at least by Vegas standards!) couples trip.	
Aug 29 2007 	Best Stay Ever!!!	My husband and I chose Red Rock for our anniversary after scoping out several different places in the Palm Desert and Sedona. I am so happy we came to Red Rock . We were awestruck the entire time, and were sad to leave. We stayed in a standard room and couldn't believe how gorgeous, emaculate and comfortable it was. The bathrooms are amazing, with soaking tubs about three feet deep and big enough for two people to soak. The flat screen TV in the bathroom was a nice touch. Marble everywhere. Beautiful. We loved the pool area, where we never had to wait for a drink. There are several bars at the pool area, and friendly roaming waitresses make sure your glass is never empty, if that's what you want. There is also a 21 and over pool, with large circular, raised beds big enough for three people, along with overstuffed mattress-pool lounge chairs. There are bungalos at the pool for rent that can be stocked with food and drinks. The bungalos at the 21 and over pool all had flat screens with cable. We went to the Cherry nightclub. The DJ was alright, he played a lot of weird mixes. Overloaded the 80s. The resort is amazing, you will not regret coming, no matter the price. We are already planning our return trip!!!	
Aug 25 2007 	Great room!	One of the nicest hotel rooms we've stayed in. Very comfortable beds, stylish furnishings, *clean*, bathrobes, slippers, very classy. We liked that it was off the Strip and very close the Red Rocks national park.	
Aug 24 2007 	A great off-the- strip hotel!	Our brains were happily visualizing this much needed four days of rest as we flew into Vegas. We had missed the free shuttle by five minutes(it only comes every two hours), so took a taxi ($42 -ouch!) to the property. I'm happy to report that, by the end of the trip, we are able to say that the hotel is beautiful. The rooms are nice and if you have ever hoped for a bathtub with a TV, this is your place! We only used the shower - a very, very good one. Our room looked out over the pool area, which has a whole bunch of lesser sized pools in addition to the big pool. That is the right way to do it. Fantastic food and fine wine in the Terra Rossa and for those who are fans of &quot;Hell's Kitchen&quot; this is the restaurant that Heather won as her prize. We actually got to meet her and had a photo op. Great person. I have to admit, the main purpose of our trip to Vegas was to visit a friend who lives out there, so we didn't spend a great deal of time at the hotel. We did go to one of the bars to watch a game our last night there - but throughout Red Rock they constantly play that alternative dance club music. Lots of laughter, great stories, and a few glasses of Kahula help you get past it. We ate breakfast every morning in the Grand Cafe where I lingered at the bakery case afterwards, but never bought anything. Any thoughts of ever being hungry in Vegas quickly fell by the wayside. I was always still full when it came time to eat again.There is a shopping center across the street from the hotel which has a large bookstore and some decent shops. Our only complaints: The chairs in the common areas and in the rooms are uncomfortable. And we felt ripped off at Red Rock as you pay a $19 charge every day. This includes the use of the van, shoe shine and entrance to the spa and fitness center.	
Aug 24 2007 	Loved Red Rock - except for one area	Red Rock Casino and Spa in Las Vegas is a beautiful hotel with excellent amenities and staff. There was only one area that suffered and suffered greatly. The Concierge was of no use at all. When asked a question she did not answer just shoved a map at you. When asked about tours a group of booklets were shoved in your hand. Neither person at the concierge desk was helpful. We saw someone else having a problem while making reservations for restaurants so we quickly went back to our room and made our own reservations. Red Rock Casino is very near the red rock area with many many things to see. A very nice girl that worked at the pool actually told us where to go and what to see. She was excellent.	
Aug 19 2007 	Service Service Service!!!	Red Rock Resort is on the same level as you would expect in any world class hotel. This was the best stay my husband and I have ever had in a hotel!! I am a frequent guest of the Four Seasons Las Vegas where I met my past Lead Concierge (Scott), and now a Casino Host at the Red Rock. Our Casino Host that we have known Scott he is the most service oriented person I have ever met!!! He personally met us at the front desk and walked us to our room and hand delivered our show tickets to us, in addition to checking up on us periodically and doing everything and anything for us. The service is unbelievable at this hotel, they must recruited everyone from the Four Seasons!!! We particularly enjoyed the relaxed and attentive service at the pool so much that we spent everyday there. If you reserve a cabana they do charge a 18% service charge that no one ever mentions.  Red Rock has the best rooms in Las Vegas and we would have never came off the strip if our host would have never convinces us to. Once you go out to Summerland you will see that it is worth it. We enjoyed our Vegas experience but even more so the peace and attentive service we received at The Red Rock.	
Aug 16 2007 	Loved the food not thrilled with the atmosphere	This hotel seems to be designed for the younger set, and couples looking for a room. The pool area is littered with what appear to be beds . . . a novel idea by day, but after witnessing the spillover from the nightclubs at night, I dare say I'd want to go bleach myself after sitting on one of their lounges.Thumping music oozes out of every orifice of this hotel. This is not the place to go if you like to relax by the pool and read a book. Also, it was far too hot to hang out by the pool without shade, and shade was in short supply. If you want a spot with shade, head down early in the morning or get a private cabana ($$$$!!).The rooms were large and well appointed and the beds were very, very comfy. At least in your room you could turn off the music. The spa provided one of the best massages I have gotten. The spa was clean and had lots of options and the therapists were friendly and did a great job! The spa pool is where you want to go if you want shade and a quiet place to read.However, the highlight of our stay was clearly the food. I was with a group that was served at various functions so I expected the typical banquet food. I was tremendously surprised to find not only a huge variety of really nice foods, but they were all done well. Everything from the sandwich beside the pool to the multi-course dinners were delicious! We even visited the buffet one morning for brunch, expecting slightly better than average buffet food, and they even outdid that. The variety was absolutely overwhelmning, yet everything there was being served nicely (not icky looking buffet food) and was very, very good. This seems to be a foodie paradise--surrounded by good food, done very, very well.Casino, theatre and bowling alley all seemed average. They are all on-site so there is the convenience factor, but nothing about any of these wowed us. It is a good 20-30 minute ride from the strip, so guests at this hotel largely stayed on the property. I would not stay here if I intended to spend any amount of time on the strip. The shuttle times were so inconvenient they rendered themselves useless.Overall, it was a good experience, but next time I go to Vegas I'll be staying elsewhere.	
Aug 15 2007	LOVE IT!!!	Europeans can be a pill on holiday but I could not fault a thing with this hotel and was sorry I stayed only 1 week.From the Gorgeous room )12136-I wish I could live in it)to the wonderful staff from check in to everywhere else, spa, pools, even room service food, shuttles etc etc.DON'T stay on the strip-stay here-but not when I'm going back next Aug-I want it all to myself!!!Thank you Red Rock for taking such good care of my jet lag!	
Aug 12 2007 	Excellent	Just returned from a 5 night stay at this beautiful resort. Overall this resort is outstanding and has it all. If you have traveled to Vegas in the past and &quot;done the Strip thing&quot; then this is the place. We promptly changed our plans to travel to the Strip at least one night after seeing all this place has to offer. Plus, as mentioned by many travelers, a cab ride is $100 bucks round trip. The rooms are beautiful, comfortable, clean and well serviced. Flat screen TV and a bed you will melt in.The pool area is amazing. First, the service is outstanding. Lots of help and very friendly. The chairs are a wicker style that are elevated and have a nice padding. Very unique and nice. Pool was not crowded. No need to fight for a nice spot or come to the pool at 8am. Great cabanas and other covered chairs/beds. Awesome. Drinks are good but a little expensive. Eleven dollars for a fruity drink and six bucks for a beer. Lots of pools to choose from. The main pool has a beautiful fountain in the center and attracts the kids. Many surrounding smailler pools provide a more private setting. A few comments to be aware of.....The free airport shuttle would have been nice but does not have good hours. I was told only 8am to 8pm. My flight arrived in Vegas after midnight and departed at 8am so a cab ride each way cost a total of $100. They definitely need to expand this service. Vegas is a 24 hour city.Check in went great right up to the moment we took the LONG walk to our room only to find it had not been serviced from the previous guest. Oops. However the desk clerk gave us a $75 credit for the trouble. Nice.The casino is good with nice dealers. I found it to be smoky but I know it goes with the territory. The staff bragged about the air filtration system but I found the opposite to be true. Was given a nice comp of $50 for playing $5 Black Jack. Not bad.Went to T-Bones with my comp and thank goodness I had one. I'm not one to complain about dinner prices but a NY Strip is $49 and the rest is ala carte. Entree prices are strikingly high and the food is typical of a nice steak house in any major city. The cafe is the best value in the resort. Great breakfasts for $5.99. Lots of food. We ate at the Tides Oyster Bar which doesn't get enough talk. Very nice and reasonably priced. Overall I would definitely stay there again. Wish the airport shuttle was around the clock but otherwise this place is beautiful and there is a lot more to see and do than I mentioned.	
Aug 10 2007 	Red Rock Definitely Rocks	we went the last week of July which is the week between my b-day and our anv. We were marriedin LV 12 years ago and try to go back for our anv to celebrate again.Used the shuttle from the airport which is very convienent if yourplane arrv close to their schedule. Check in was flawless. Staffvery nice and helpful. Room ready in less than an hour and we arrv @ 12:00 pm. Room with strip view, fine with me cuz I brought nice binoculars. Room was awesome. Every detail attended to:huge plasma TV, excellent bed and linens, bathroom-couldn't ask for more. Tv @ soaking tub, robes, slippers, scales, hair dryer,nice toiletries, lots of towels,marble, instant hot water-no waiting.Nice bose stereo,mini bar,loved the panel for house keeping &amp; doorbell, no stupid thing to hang on the door; whatever I'm forgettingI'm sorry. Room was cleaned 2 X daily with nice turn down service.Pool area was awesome-very attentive staff. Loved the extra paddedloungers. Spa was nice. loved the hot tubs &amp; showers. Vey disappointed in the Salon. Could have been anywhere-even Walmart except for the prices-WOW! Nice selection in the food coourt. T-Bones very nice-Staff was above excellent, food good.Tidesis great for oysters and seafood. Bowling &amp; movies, mostexcellent. Took shuttle to strip to see the Frontier for the last time and take a picture, it will be gone before we return. Dropped by the Wynn while in strip. Glad we didn't stay there again. Way too many people. Gambling STINKS at RED ROCK. Stations mustmake sure you love your room enough because we went throALOT without any wins or comps. They need a better convienceand logo shop. The store is very lacking-bought all stuff at thestrip when we visited. Would Highly reccomend RR for thosewho love an excellent place to stay. Four Star or better. Would not reccomend RR for those who like to gamble.	
Aug 8 2007 	Nice Hotel	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights for our 10th anniversary. The hotel sent a complimentary bottle of champagne. The only thing we did not like was T-Bones, the restaurant. The food was horrible and definitely not worth the price. The next night for dinner we ate at Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris Hotel for 1/2 the price and the food was out of this world. A cab ride to the strip will run you $100 round trip, so you may want rent a car which you can do right at the hotel.	
Aug 2 2007 	Loved it!!	What a lovely change ffrom the strip. Getting tired of Bellagio, yet hesitant to change. Read about the Red Rock, and was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed the change. My husband loves to play the tables, and enjoyed the casino. I found the rooms fresh, large, inviting. There is truly something for everyone, and even though I don't gamble much, was not bored. I liked the idea you could dine a different style and price range at any time. We are already planning to go with some old friends who are tired of the strip. Give this a chance, you won't go back.	
Aug 2 2007 	Fabulous stay at the Red Rock!	My husband and I stayed at the Red Rock for 1 night for his birthday. We are locals, and have eaten at their buffet a few times and have been very satisfied. We were even more pleased with our overnight stay. Check in was quick and efficient, and they honored my request for a room on a high floor (17th floor). They also offered bottled water and apples. I love the decor of the Red Rock. It is artistic and plush- somewhat like THEHotel at Mandalay Bay, but not quite as dark. The hallway on our floor seemed to go on forever, and our room was quite a long walk from the elevator! The way the rooms are situated in the hallway are similar to that of The Signature at MGM. The door is in a small alcove across from another room. Each room has a doorbell and buttons you can push for &quot;do not disturb&quot; and maid service. When we entered the room, we were quite pleased! It was very large, with the same artistic vibe. 2 green lounge chairs with brown pillows, dark wood, a large flat screen tv, plush pillows on the bed, a large dresser/desk and minibar, and a big marble bathroom with a steam shower, his &amp;her sinks, another flat screen tv, and a large tub. 2 robes were also provided for our use. We had a view of the Strip, but directly below us was a construction zone. The only noise we heard was from our neighbors. Nothing major, just like they were trying to move their luggage and it bumped the walls a few times. We didn't visit any of the restaurants, but ordered room service instead. Our order was taken very courteously and arrived in about 45 minutes. The presentation was wonderful! The food was delicious and hot- my husband got the Salt Lick bbq pulled pork sandwich and fries, and I got the make your own omelette with potatoes and a bagel. We split a slice of Italian Cheesecake for dessert- which was heavenly! Room service returned in about 1.5 hrs to take away the table.The bed was quite comfortable and the shower was refreshing- just hot enough and great pressure. There was even a scale in the bathroom so we could see how much damage we did from our meal. They provide a complimentary newspaper in the morning.I checked out quickly using the express checkout through the tv. We were sad to leave the Red Rock and have resolved to come back soon so we can try out some of the other ammenities such as the spa and pool.The only (very minor) complaints: Not enough lighting in the room, door to the toilet room didnt slide properly, the bathroom door is glass, so if someone uses it in the middle of the night, the light may disturb the person still sleeping.	
Jul 29 2007	Favorite	We have just returned home after an almost 3,000 mile road trip starting in California and ending in Las Vegas. We had initially booked 1 night at the Red Rock and one night at a popular hotel on the Strip. Upon entering the room and looking out the window, I quickly called downstairs to see if the room we had booked would be available for another evening, when they said yes, I called and cancelled the room on the Strip for one night, but chose to stay on the Strip for one because we had a 6 a.m. flight out .I don't want to repeat the other posts about the rooms, but they are just right. Very well done.The pool is great, but the jacuzzis weren't working while we were here-just as well, it was about 110 degrees, didn't need a hot tub!I can't say enough good things about the Red Rock. It was my first time gambling, and the dealers were more than patient with me. It was a very relaxed atmosphere-exactly what we needed. We don't drink so I can't comment on any of the nightclub scene, but the Terra Rosa was very good. The waiter put an antipasta on the table of olives, roasted peppers,artichoke hearts, and the best parmesan cheese I have ever tasted. There was also a basket of bread which was warm and fresh. I had a canneloni dish stuffed with lobster and shrimp with a lobster-bisque like sauce, very well made. My father had veal parmigiana, but the only complaint he had was that it wasn't served with, or on top of spaghetti. I had a combination gelato sampler for dessert (pistachio, white chocolate and I forget the other) and my father had Tiramisu, which he is very picky about, and he loved it.Grand Cafe for breakfast-everything TASTED good, but was served lukewarm. Only disappointment throughout our stay. Sandbar grille outside: Chicken Satay, very tasty and prompt.Everyone from the front desk staff to the valets-were wonderful.Housekeeping does a superb job. Nightly turn down with chocolates, and muzak on the Bose system.The bowling alley Red Rock Lanes was a great idea! There was also a Kids Quest where you can drop the kids off for 6.50 or so an hour-plenty of stuff for them to do!! An arcade next door, and a movie theatre. There is also a food court with Fatburger, Ben and Jerry's, Panda Express, a liitle bit of everything for everyone. I am looking forward to returning to the Red Rock. I was hesitant to leave a review. I want to keep this one for myself!	
Jul 26 2007 	Really great hotel relaxing - our new Vegas favorite!!	Since it's a fairly new hotel and there is a lot of different info out there about the property I wanted to add our experience.We chose RR because we had just been to Vegas about 3 months ago where we stayed on strip (as always). We wanted something different and quieter than the strip environment. From the moment we arrived in the airport we knew we made the right choice. Even the airport was a zoo. We easily got a rental car and off we went to RR, which was an easy 15 min drive or so. Checking in was one of the only confusing parts of the trip as there were no good signs around showing where the lobby or check in was, especially not from the parking garage. We of course found check in grabbed some complimentary bottled water and apples and were up to our room. We requested a high up canyon view as I heard the noise from the cherry lounge could be loud on the lower floors. We were on floor 7 and I would say the view was fair-good. There is some construction so we had a view of the pool, dirt/construction area and the canyon off in the background. I would highly recommend asking for a room close to the elevator. We were towards the end of the hall and it took about 1 1/2 mins to walk to the elevator. Why aren't the elevators in the middle?? There was also some bumping noise from the bar, it wasn't that bad, but it was there-so make sure you ask to be higher up if you are concerned. But the room was really nice, probably close to as nice as Wynn, and the bed was super comfy!!The casino has all your games and slots. The poker room is very nice and has lots of locals. The dealers were very nice and laid back. The only thing about the casino is that it's done in a circle so it takes a while to figure out where you are and where you're going. By the end of the trip I was remembering where good slots were by remembering what restaurants they were facing. Other than that I could never find anything. There were locals and tourists here, you will find a mix of everything. Yes there were kids, older people and lots of young people, too. I think everyone felt comfortable there.The pool is really nice. Comfy chairs, good drink service, very clean. There is a main pool area with a fun fountain for the kids and then lots of smaller pools behind it. It can be very private and where we were there were no kids. There is also a pool at the spa which I would highly recommend as no one uses it. Just walk into the spa-go through the fitness room and you'll have your own pool with service, beds, everything. We loved it. I did use the spa and it was among the best I've been to. Very nice facilites and my treatment was wonderful. The fitness room is also very nice with good machines and weights.I don't have too much to say about the food. We had room service twice and it was fine. It wasn't great, but it was just breakfast room service. Took a long time I thought, about an hour and was a little cold. We also ate at the 24 hour cafe and it was fine for sandwiches, pizza. The only fairly nice food we ate there was the mexican restaraunt and we enjoyed it. Good guacamole, good service and great drinks. The nice restaurants looked good and were very full, the new japanese restaurant looks great. There is also a bowling alley which we did not use, but we did see a movie-it's so fun that there is a theatre right there, just walk through the casino/food court and you can take a break with a movie!Because we were off strip it was so nice to just relax and enjoy. We didn't feel like we had to go to another casino or go see anything. We did go to the strip one day and it was an easy short drive. Also note that Rosemary's restaurant (one of the top in Vegas) is very close to RR resort. I am a big fan of staying at Wynn when we go to Vegas, but I think we will switch to RR from now on. It was much more laid back and we enjoyed that. It was probably our best trip to Vegas yet!	
Jul 26 2007 	Fantastic Rooms	My husband and I stayed here for a few nights in early July. Loved the rooms! Spacious, marble in the bathrooms and two plasma televisions. We chose the canyon view which had a nice overlook of the pool area. Ordered room service a couple of times which was in my opinion worth the money. The breakfast buffet was quite good with a large selection of food. Would stay here again.	
Jul 25 2007	Red Rock Casino 	We stayed at the Red Rock Casino &amp; Spa from July 8th to July 14th 2007. Wanted to find somewhere off the strip for some fun and relaxation and THIS IS THE PLACE! I had booked the room online through Expedia and upon arriving I was immediately upgraded to a Canyon View for no extra charge! The rooms and beds are very comfortable and a plasma tv and bose stereo was incredible. The maid service and turn down service was beyond expectations. Even with being located on the pool side I didnt not hear any music from the night club.The pool area was uncrowded and the ability to find a COMFORTABLE lounge chair anytime of the day was quite a difference from other hotel located on the strip, where u have to go first thing in the morning for any chair. The very cool part is that ALL the Round beds are free as well. There is a $50 charge for the square beds with the canopies and are availble first come first serve.Casino area is very personable and all the dealers were friendly and very talkative. Had a great time all hours of the day when we did play.Being able to walk up to the cafe at 9am and ask to sit outside and not have to wait for an hour for breakfast was very pleasant. Also ate at the Saltlick, they had great food and portion sizes as well. Movie Theater has very comfortable seating and a HUGE screen!The spa adventure for the Black Canyon Kayaking was simply amazing! Great service! Great people and we had an amazing trip down the Colorado.The only complaint I had was when my daughter wanted to workout in the exercise room. She is under 18 and once we talked to a Manager then she was permitted to use the equipment. When we checked out of the hotel on saturday, I asked to see if any of my accommodations could be comped. The casino host responded quickly and covered a nights worth of our hotel stay and one of our meals. That was pretty incredible considering we really didnt gamble that much.If you are looking for the Vegas adventure without the hassles of being over crowded then the Red Rock Casino is the place to stay. We will be staying there many more times.	
Jul 23 2007 	Beware construction works	Cannot fault the hotel or resort at all it is really fantastic - the only problem is the construction works going on right outside the hotel which I think is an extension to the resort itself. We had one night in a mountain view room which also overlooked the pool - the building site could be seen from here. This however was not the problem, it was the work beginning at 7a.m. We called down to reception to complain. They told us that work is not meant to start until 8a.m for light work and 10 am for heavy work and they telephoned the site to tell them to stop. Which they did until 8am then they unleashed the pnumatic drills. We were offered a free lunch voucher as compensation but we were checking out that day so couldn't use it. So 5 stars to the resort and minus points for the building work. Go here when it is finished!!	
Jul 19 2007 	Loved It!	We travel to Las Vegas every July and stay for a week. We have always stayed right on the strip. This year we thought we would try and stay a couple of nights at Red Rock and then spend the rest of the week on the strip. After staying at Red Rock for the first two nights of our trip we were kind of bummed to have to be leaving and going to the strip. The rooms were beautiful and the pool was fabulous. They have the most comfy pool chairs I have ever layed on and the way they are set up around the pool so nobody can really be moving them around in a million different directions is great. It makes the pool area always look nice. The staff was great. When we checked in (very tired after a delayed flight) they let us know that we may be able to hear music playing late that night as they had a wedding party going on by the pool and wanted to make sure it would not disturb us. Our room view of the mountains was nice. If you have just a couple of days to spend and don't care if you are right on the strip or not, I would highly recommend giving Red Rock a try. It is nice to be away from the hustle and bustle and noise of the strip. The only drawback I see is that if you are doing lousy in the casino you can't just walk to the next casino like you can on the strip. They have a food court with a large selection of foods and we ate at the Salt Lick BBQ for lunch which was very good.	
Jul 15 2007 	HOT HOT HOT	We stayed at the Red Rock for 3 nights at the start of July. The weather was hot but the hotel was even hotter. My husband and I loved the beautiful, trendy and luxurious feel of the hotel. The roon was really modern and spacious. We loved the plasma tv in the bathroom to watch while we were getting ready for our nights out. The pool was the highlight of our stay. We woke up pretty early, around 9:30 every morning and got to the pool around 10. By getting there early and with the help of the cute pool girls, we were able to get two great lounge chairs with an umbrella to fight off the hot vegas sun each day. We sat by the pools in the back of the complex because the main pool was crowded with kids. The back had a much more relaxed spa vacation feel. We ate at Cabo and Terra Rosa which were both great. We also spent a fun night at the Cherry nightclub... which was kind of small inside but the outdoor patio was a great place to drink a few cocktails. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who has been to the strip before and is looking for a &quot;spa getaway&quot; that is still close by.	
Jul 15 2007	Hot property Staff COLD	Didn't stay in a room, but spent half a day roaming property, gambling and having a few drinks.Clean, very nice pool area, spacious casino layout, great bingo room, bowling alleys, 16 theater movies on site along with fast food alternatives. Good place to bring family and just let them run. No need to leave the property which is rare in a remote location.Staff defenitely needs lessons in courtesy and understand we are their customers. They were cold and had attitude. Especially in the gaming pits. I was playing craps at a $5 table and a gal at one end of the table was throwing the dice a bit hard and one bounced off the table. On the one hand, she was told to make sure the dice hit the end of the long table, yet chided on her first attempt (ever) for throwing them too hard. Craps is intimidating to a first time player anyway without criticism. Dice moved to a guy next to me and again, he threw a bit too hard and one hopped over the table and a pit guy had to pick it up and scolded him, angrily... rather than instructing him or teaching him how to do it properly. Next couple of rolls were perfect. Then on the next roll, his pace was good, but one die hit the point puck and took a bad hop off the table. The pit guy chased down the die off the floor again but returned to the table enraged, yelling at this poor guy who had no malicious intent at all. So I speak up saying, &quot;Hey, he didn't throw it too hard, it just took a bad hop off the puck.&quot; Well, at this point he became unglued... &quot;Oh I see, and now you run the casino! I've got better things to do than chase dice around the floor all day.&quot; He was really pissed. I immediately took my bets down, except for the pass line which you can't. The shooter made his point, I got paid and left the table thinking this place [--].It's a $5 starter table and people need to be taught, not yelled at. At a minimum, they should be made to feel welcome. If this guy has anger management issues, he should watch over the $25 minimum table instead.I joined my wife for a drink in the bar and the service was cold, merely took the order and served it up. No thank you, no how's your day going, nothing. We felt as if we were an inconvenience for ordering a drink. It was only 4:30 in the afternoon. I might understand if it were crowded.The property is amazing, too bad the people aren't and in the end, that makes or breaks a place.I'll give it one more shot on my next visit, but if I have a similar experience, I'll never return to it, nor one of their properties. Play downtown at Golden Nugget or on the strip at Harrah's, Bally's and your welcomed to the table, treated with respect.If it were my company, I'd fire this guy on the spot. He really has ego issues and was totally full of himself. Gaming is supposed to be fun, the Red Rock Casino definately isn't!	
Jul 15 2007 	Our new favorite hotel....	What can I say, we loved, loved, loved this place. We have never stayed off the strip but my wife wanted to just relax for her birthday. I'm usually a go, go, go type and worried I may crack from too much relaxing. Alot of worrying for nothing!!!Everything went great from the get-go. The front desk hooked us up with every request we had....high floor, canyon/pool view, close to our friends. The rooms were all around awesome. Great decor and very nicely sized. Huge bathroom with marble floors and LEATHER walls, an LCD TV over the tub. The beds were nice and plush (2nd only to The Palms), 50&quot; plasma TV on the wall, Bose CD/stereo in every room.The pool was great for relaxing and checking out the scenery. As if the guests weren't nice enough, the staff was beautiful. This place was 2nd only to the Hard Rock for attractive people. The drinks were pricey but they gave you your moneys worth. Food outsid was very good as well. I was surprised at how good it was. The ladies in the group used the spa and gave nothing but rave reviews for the beauty and service. The gym was very nicely appointed as well. Well worth the resort fee. We went to the bowling alley one night, non-smoking and very clean. What a great time we had!! They have a 13 theater movie complex on-site as well. It did draw in some local riff-raff teenagers but were easy enough to ignore.If there was any drawback to the overall resort, it was the onsite retaurants we visited. Both Terra Rosa (high end Italian) and Salt Lick BBQ were just OK and service was less than stellar. The exception to that was T-Bones......GREAT food and exceptional service.Bottom line for us....I didn't miss the strip at all. We'll be staying here from now on.	
Jun 27 2007	Try it out to see how great it is!!!	My husband &amp; I just spent two weeks at The Red Rock for our honeymoon / celebration with our close friends for our wedding (We eloped at The Four Season's in Las Vegas four months prior)We are in the hotel business and were very pleased with the resort itself; the rooms are AMAZING, the SPA was fantastic, VIP services were very helpful, casino was great, the pool..... well, it's heaven! Especially Cherry (The adult pool) The restaurants there are great too. We went to a private tasting for the new Japanese restaurant and it was divine! It opens next month. It's great to be off the strip and The Red Rock has a shuttle to and from the strip if you have the urge to go to town. We only left once it two weeks. It was paradise and had no desire to be in the caos of 'Vegas'From my understanding they have only been open for a little over a year and perhaps some of the previous travelers were there during a time when they were still working out the kinks because our experience could not have been better.We plan to go back frequently and think that other people should be informed about this lovely hotel.	
Jun 25 2007 	Our New Vegas Home	My wife and I get to Vegas at least twice a year and we usually stay at Green Valley Ranch or a strip hotel if they are offering free rooms (usually Paris). Since I have &quot;cherry picked&quot; from this site so many times, I felt it was time to give a little back and throw in our two cents to anyone interested in what we think.We had visited Red Rock in the past to gamble, eat and see a movie or two. Since we loved the casino and the fact that the crowds are so much more manageable than the strip, we wanted to give it a try. Because some of the reviews on the site were mixed...we were a little nervous about what type of service we would receive. However, after 5 minutes of dealing with Pat at the front desk, all of our fears were gone. She was extremely professional and was able (to our surprise) to get us a room at 10:30am. Also, she upgraded us to a canyon view at no extra charge. Our room on the 9th floor looked directly over the wonderful pool as well as Red Rock Canyon. So, we quickly grabbed our keys a couple of complimentary bottled waters and off to the room we went.Room - 9124For our money, this was the nicest room we've ever had in Vegas. Top quality bedding, excellent view, plenty of space, two flat screen TV's, gigantic marble tub, dual sinks and nice little touches like robes and i-pod connectivity with the Bose radio! Also, one quick note about the beds. We've stayed at probably 20 hotels over the last 10 years and these beds were definitely the most comfortable...with excellent mattresses and down pillows. Pool &amp; Common Areas -The pool here is also another highlight. Many different seating options as well as a main pool for more activity and three or four smaller pools for relaxing. Also, the spa pool (which no one seems to utilize) is extremely private. Each day we would enjoy the pool from about 10:00am to 2:00pm. We sat next to the Sandbar Grille and would enjoy snacks and drinks while soaking up the sun. I would rate this pool as high or higher as the others we've seen in Vegas (Mirage, Green Valley Ranch, Mandalay and Bellagio). Since I will lose way...way too much money if I gamble all day, we like the fact that RR has a very nice movie theater as well as a bowling alley that probably rivals any that you will ever see. So, we saw a couple of movies as well as enjoyed a couple of hours bowling! The lobby, casino, bathrooms...etc...etc are all first class here. I imagine that things will begin to look worn in a few years...but for now at least...everything is top notch.Restaurants -In the RR, we ate at the Feast Buffet (breakfast), Cabo (Mexican), Tides Oyster Bar and the food court...Capriotti's and Pizza. I hate to sound like a broken record but all of the meals were good. We are not food snobs so I'm not sure how to rate the restaurants as a true 'critic'. Each meal was tasty, affordable and the service and attitude was good. I had read several bad reviews about Salt Lick so we didn't try it. We absolutely loved the fact that there was a new, clean food court available for a quick snack. The pizza and sandwiches were actually really good. Also, we ate at a few local places. Jamms for breakfast (Charleston and Rainbow...this is a tradition for us), Agave (across the street from RR) is a neuvo mexican restaurant that I would definitely recommend, Bahama Breeze (east of Bally's and quite a drive from the RR). All in all, we had a good food experience this trip.If I had to &quot;nit pick&quot; and find some negatives I would say that the valet is a little slow and the Cherry nightclub &quot;thumps&quot; well into the night on Friday and Saturday. So, make sure to get a strip view with a high number...like 9143 or something like that if you want to avoid any noise. However, I would consider those items almost a non-factor to our trip.In conclusion, I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great Vegas experience. Of course if you have a &quot;first timer&quot; perhaps a nice place on the strip would be good. However, for anyone who has done the typical Vegas trip, the RR is an excellent way to have a true resort experience while enjoying the excitement of Vegas.Please let us know if we can answer any direct questions.Thanks -C&amp;C	
Jun 20 2007 	Fantastic long weekend at Red Rock	Like other reviewers I was a bit concerned by the mixed feedback but figured with the Conde Nast 2007 Hot List award and a desire to stay off the strip, we'd give it a go. Sooooo glad we did. First off, compare Expedia prices with the hotel site. With the package deals on their site, saved about $100 PLUS got free breakfast. The overall atmosphere is cool/hip, not tacky OTT Vegas. The room looked exactly like it did in the photos and was bigger than predicted. The pool area was great but very little shade so sun block and mojitos were in order. It was fairly mellow on Friday and Monday but Saturday/Sunday was a &quot;pool party&quot; and the volume of the music was not great for relaxing/chatting/reading. The solution? As a hotel guest you get full access to the spa facilities which includes a small pool with lounging area. You still hear the music, etc. but was just a bit more mellow. I don't think other guests knew or thought to go there because we almost had it to ourselves. Food options? Salt Lick was mediocre. Terra Rossa was great (ask to sit on the small patio - it wasn't too hot in the evening and so was really chilled, almost romantic). The cocktail lounge with the fire pit at the back of TBones was great as well. We rented a car so can't vouch for the shuttle service but it was about 15-20 min to the strip. Highly recommend renting bikes and touring through Red Rock canyon. It's a 6 mile ride from the hotel and then a 14 mile loop. First 5miles of the loop are uphill but the view is worth the effort if you can do it. Also head out early if doing it at this time of year e.g. around 7am. The hotel will organize rentals for you and its the same price as going to the rental shop. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely go back.	
Jun 10 2007 	Cannot wait to come back - Best hotel in a LONG time	Just got home from 4 nights at Red Rock. As far as those negative reviews, I wondered more than once if I were at the same place they went to. I read them before my trip and got a bit nervous, but as I was going to a small conference there, I was going anyhow. I am very pleased to report that they couldn't have been farther from my experience. I related the reviews to several others that went and they found it hard to believe they were true.You've read elsewhere about the facilities - top notch. I won't go into them much except to say they were as nice as the website portrays. Sorta South Beach meets the Ritz. One of my colleagues mentioned that the hotel was more like a nightclub than hotel in feel. The entire place was quite upscale in look and feel. The pool was equally cool - particularly the adults-only Cherry Pool. More on that below. Back to the service....From the moment we arrived, service was stellar. The valet relayed our name via radio to the staff (unnoticed by me) and we were greeted by name all the way to the front desk, including the guy at the front door, the manager standing in the lobby, and the desk clerk. Nice touch. The service continued all the way through the place - from the dealers to the wait staff, the maids and even people we simply walked past throughout the property.The second day of our conference, I rented a cabana at the Cherry Pool so the wives could all hang out while we were off conferencing. We figured it would pay off as the girls intended to spend the day down at the pool. I went down in the am where Blair introduced herself, let me pick out a cabana, and told me to simply have the ladies say hi when they showed up. At break, I came down to see how they were doing and my wife simply said &quot;I feel like a rock star&quot;, and how attentive both Blair and Jennifer (who came on later) were. Scored some points with the wife there! When my wife closed out at the end of the day, there was an issue with the bill as we had apparently been quoted the wrong price by reservations. After some brief discussion, it was handled in our favor and all was well (thanks Chris).We had such a good time down there, and they treated us so well that I rented the cabana the second day (at the correct price this time), and proceeded to use it as a &quot;meeting place&quot; to demo products to people I met at the conference (we were exhibitors). This was not a normal thing to do down there, but the staff was willing to accomodate us with &quot;whatever we need&quot; (thanks again Chris). What more could one ask for?The second day, the girls took EXCELLENT care of us again (Blair and Katrina I believe). Granted we spent a fair amount of money this time around (buy drinks for 20 people or so over a couple hour period and its bound to happen), but even on the first day where we didn't, they treated us great. My dad overheard someone say &quot;I feel like I am in a movie&quot;. How cool is that? Oh - and it was quite successful from a marketing standpoint too I think.As if that kind of service wasn't outstanding enough, when we surprised the TBonz staff with a group of nine for dinner and no reservations (at 7:30pm no less), they accomodated us in minutes (one cocktail) by opening up a private room. Service was stellar there too, as was the food. Note: big portions - split side dishes. Very fine dining experience.Others that were at the conference mentioned that the Mexican restaurant was good. We also enjoyed breakfast at the Grand Cafe - great fruit plate.I gambled a bit the first night I was there - craps and roulette. Dealers were friendly and courteous, cocktail service was decent.If you are bringing kids, you will be pleased with the plethora of things for them to do too. Other than the incredible pool setup, I also walked past some sort of &quot;discovery zone&quot; area near the food court, and an arcade. There is bowling and a movie theatre there too. I didn't have any kids there but one of the wives said that the movie theatre was very nice, although it appeared that there were only a few movies as two were in multiple theatres.All in all, my wife, my family, my business colleagues, etc. all had a blast. We all felt it was spectacular and cannot wait to go back - we demanded (begged) that the conference be there again next year. For reference, I travel some 15-20 weeks of the year for work, and try to do 3-4 vacation trips a year (including weekend getaways). We typically target lower priced hotels (i.e. Red Roof or Comfort/Sleep Inn) when on business and better hotels (i.e. Courtyards or better) when on vacation. This stay was nicer than virtually any hotel I ever stayed in, including the very upscale Manhattan hotels I stayed at in a &quot;previous life&quot;.If I were to look for negatives, I felt that the business center was overpriced. But then again I own a pretty small business without the marketing budgets of other companies. Also, there is an Office Depot across the street which I found very useful, convenient, and comparatively inexpensive.Finally, I don't always write reviews this upbeat - check out my review of the Imperial Swan in Lakeland, FL (I did the 12/05 review from Ft. Lauderdale). That should convince you of my impartiality. :)	
Jun 5 2007 	Wow!!!!! Absolutely Incredible Five star all the way	I've read the cons and don't understand. no ventelation in bathroom, come on?!? Expensive cab ride....they offer a free shuttle to and from the strip and the airport. If you call the front desk when you arrive or leave and tell them you have missed the shuttle they will provide transportation for you. If the strip is what you came to vegas for then stay on the strip. This place is spetacular in all aspects. Their motto is 3-A's Anything, Anytime, Anywhere. I have not experienced service like this since Wynn owned the Mirage. From the moment we arrived to when they provided a limo for our trip back to the airport nothing but helpfull smiling faces. We had planned to go to the strip a couple of nights, but found that we had no desire or need to go. ROOMS: Beautifully appointed. Just wish we could have found a way to take that bed and pillows with us. Turn down service every night. bose radio. minibar. GREAT view of the mountains or the pool. The way the rooms are organized with the entrance down a seperate hall from the main hall, NO SLAMMING DOORS OR DRUNKS WANDERING THE HALLS!!! Just quiet. Tell me where you can find that in Vegas. Newspaper at your door in the morning. They also have a way to notify housekeeping when you are ready to have your room done with a push of a button that activates an light outside of your room, NO more hanging a sign.The bathrooms are beatiful with a double sink and shelf below the mirror for your personal items. Complimentary robe and slippers for your stay, the slippers are yours to keep, the robes are $85.00. Seperate shower and tub with a 20 inch plasma at the foot of the tub. Room has a safe and plenty of cloths storage for a week or more stay.POOL: The pool is great. It has a row of lounges in the pool. The service at the pool is fast and efficient. They are expanding the pool to triple its size. I would get a bit packed on the weekends and seating was hard to find after 10:00am but with the additional space that won't be a problem. They had black jack tables at the pool.CASINO: Slots were much looser than the strip. The casino is HUGE. Any game you want is here for you. Big sports book with huge tv screens. table gaming and min. bet tables well appointed. There is a 72 lane bowling alley and a 16 screen movie theater. Popcorn smelled so good had to get some while we were playing. Players club is stations casino and comps are very good. FOOD: Full assortment of resturaunts including a very good buffet, food court, fine dining, and a cafe that is open 24hrs. The cafe was running great food specials while we were there including steak, shrimp, potato, salad and drink for 7.99. Try the mexican resturaunt they serve quacamole that is made right at your table. T-Bones serves incredible steaks.SERVICE: The service we received was top notch. From the bellhops, front desk, pool. It was the best I have seen in 15 years. Vegas on the strip has become so corporate they have forgottenthe little guy. Red Rock treats everyone the same and that is with the best service they can. Smiles everywhere, and the servers on the floor actively searched you out for drink service.	
Jun 2 2007 	Red Rock ruined our anniversary	My wife and I were going to celebrate our first marriage anniversary at the Red Rock Spa. I called the resort two weeks in advance to make an appointment for my wife and myself. I spoke with the customer service rep at the spa and the appointment was made.I then called the spa back to add a facial for my wife and I asked for the total which came out to $405.00. The lady I was speaking with asked if I wanted to add anything else and I told her no because I was in the military and could not afford anymore.On the day of the appointment my wife and I arrived 30 minutes early just like we were suppose to to check in. We were greeted warmly by the staff and so we proceded to check in. My wife and I were told that we were not in the system and that there was no appointment for the two of us. We were told that Red Rock was using a new system and that we propably didn't get put into the new system. So my wife and I left and had our entire morning ruined by this event.	
May 30 2007 	Loved It!	I stayed here for the last night of Memorial Day weekend after two nights at Bellagio. I was ok with leaving Bellagio, but I didn't want to leave here. The rooms were larger and more updated. The pool service was great. It was easy to find a chair at the pool, and staff members walked me to my chair and set up my umbrella. As previous reviewers have stated, there were many choices, with a fast food court, nice restaurants, a movie theater, bowling alley and more. Service was very good, and staff members seem to work hard to make the guests comfortable. I enjoyed staying here much more than I enjoyed the Strip.The one negative was that the hotel pool closed for a wedding at 4:00 p.m. on the Sunday before Memorial Day. This is also not a good place to stay if you want to go back and forth to the Strip.	
May 30 2007 	Happily Surprised!	We were quite leary about after booking our stay at Red Rock, with the shaky reviews lately we weren't quite sure what to expect but can happily report were surprised and satisfied. We chose the Red Rock because it was off the strip, and knew that we wanted an experience not like typical Vegas. We caught the Noon complimentary shuttle from the airport to the hotel very easily and found no fault. The check in was a breeze, and the front desk associate was pleasantly helpful. He made us aware of the &quot;Cherry Nightclub&quot; and how it can become louder at night and suggested a room on a higher floor and on Strip side for us, which we oblidged. He also indicated that our room was far down from the elevator - which is was, but we didnt mind a walk. It makes a difference when the clerk atleast alerts you of these things and gives you the option to make different arrangements, we were very happy to receive this service and hope they keep it up.The rooms are just a nice as everyone says, no fault there. And when we had a missing bathrobe when we called for a second they send one with no questions even though they were short handed on runners that day. Room service was prompt, and friendly, gratuity included in check (handy when you are out of singles). The casino and decor were great, but the Slots are tight - new casino and holiday weekend do not make it financially viable on the complete luck games. However, we did very well with black jack and roulette. Players cards get you discounted meal at the Feast Buffet - which we recommend. Definetely &quot;not your Mother's&quot; Vegas Buffet. Amazing variety, and very nice atmosphere. Grand Cafe was average, take it or leave it. And the Food court with the Burrito place is GREAT! We didnt try any other places as we spent a evening on the strip.We engaged in one of the 'Adventure Spa&quot; package which was by far the highlight of our trip. Dan and Deb at Evolution Expeditions took us on the Anasazi tour hike/hot springs/kayak. Definetely recommend it for those who are active. We spent our morning/afternoon exploring Arizona caverns and the beautiful river, came home that afternoon with a good bit of healthy exhaustion and then was able to spend our late night in the casino having a ball. Pool area was very enjoyable - we liked the layout very clean and simple, no problem with children and it was a holiday weekend. The only issue we had was getting service from pool side cocktail staff. We were there an hour and not one stopped to serve us even with our prompting - we were told &quot;someone would be over.&quot; All in all it didnt matter because we left to do something else, but if we were going to spend more time at the pool we would have rented a cabana - $150 a day with full service, cold towels and water. Overall, we enjoyed our stay. Our best Vegas vacation so far has been elsewhere - TheHOTEL, but Red Rock slides in very easily as second. Great non-typical vegas vacation with potentional to get even better. I'd say give it a shot.	
May 30 2007 	Wonderful alternative to downtown LV	We stayed at Red Rocks Resort (RRR) for 10 days. We were there primarily to rock climb at Red Rocks Canyon, and RRR is only about 5 or 10 minutes away! Very convenient for rock climbers or people who want to hike/horseback ride in the Canyon.RRR was wonderful - the environment was classy and relaxing, not gaudy like so much else in LV. The service was generally very good, and it is worth valet parking (they apparently don't have a charge except for tips.) I did not experience problems with service that other people complained about on here.The rooms are beautiful. The bottled water available in the rooms is overpriced, of course, but you can get free bottled water in the Spa (which all guests may use free of charge).The main pool is nice with a party atmosphere and lots of cool places to lounge. I prefered the more tranquil Spa pool. The Spa itself was gorgeous and you can get free water, juice, tea, granola bars, and fruit in there. We did a couple's massage, and my masseuse, Michael, was great. (I recommend him.)The business center is overpriced and has short hours.Restaurants: T-Bones was very good, but way over-priced. They give you huge portions of food, and we would have been better off splitting an entree. (Would have been reasonably priced if we had done this.) The Grand Cafe was great for breakfast, and has a nice bagel with salmon &amp; capers. The Italian place is good for dinner, but you should make a reservation. (We split an appetizer, pasta course, and entree and it was more than enough food.) The oyster bar place has good oysters (of course) and we had a great etoufee there. Warning: There is almost no extra space in the little fridge in the hotel room, and no way to reheat, so you can't really take leftovers back with you.Casino: We only gambled a little, but we won on the $.25 poker machines. The casino is smoky (which I hate), but no more than any of the other LV casinos.Other: There is a movie theatre, a cool bowling alley, and some sort of kids club in the hotel.It is about a 30 minute drive into downtown LV. The road does have heavy traffic and lots of lights, and is not a carefree drive. Parking is free and ample at the downtown LV hotels though. RRR would be inconvenient if your main thing is going to downtown LV, but since we only were doing this on a few nights to see shows, it was fine.I would highly recommend RRR, especially to people who are more interested in exploring Red Rocks Canyon and having a more elegant and low-key spa experience (rather than the classic drunken-all-night-gambling Las Vegas experience).	
May 28 2007 	Red Rock - Great - but inconsistent service	This resort is a really neat place - and much larger than I expected. In addition to the hotel, casino, and pool area, there are MANY restaruants and bars, a 60 lane bowling alley, and a 16 theatre cinema. The pool area is great and we really enjoyed the pool attendants that &quot;walked you to your pool chairs&quot; - this helps avoid the people that run down and grab a chair at 8:00am only to return at noon. The room was outstanding. When you check-in, ask to be close to the &quot;elevator&quot; since there is still a lot of construction going on at the &quot;other&quot; end of the hotel. We had a &quot;canyon view&quot; room that looked over the pool area. We were on the 12th floor and never had a problem with noise from the pool. And, the pool area is closed and monitored at night, so I'm not sure about the other reviews complaining of noise all hours. The food was great at T'Bones Chop House - but expect a long meal and big bill ($150+ for two). The other restaruants - Mexican and BBQ were average. There are a couple Starbucks and big food court (like a mall) in the resort for quick meals.We found the best service during check-in, room service, and T-Bones. However, the food and beverage service in the pool area was fair to poor.....and very inconsistent from one day to the next.The spa is really nice - but get a tour to you know where everything is - lockers, sauna, steam room, showers, etc. My wife got a full tour and I did not. (Just one of many instances where the service was inconsistent.Throughout the resort, there is an arrogance with some of the service staff - it seems that they REALLY cater to the people that &quot;probably have money&quot; but provide average service to others.This is a great place but could be better. We would return. It's a great place for a couple's vacation or a gals/guys getaway.One last thing - as you might expect - the resort was MUCH busier on Friday and Saturday.....so plan your trip Sunday - Thursday if you can.	
May 25 2007 	Will not return - even if someone else is paying the bill	I attended a conference at this hotel May 21 - May 23, 2007. Fortunately, I didn't have to spend my own money to stay at this poorly run hotel. I will not return, even if someone else is paying the bill. Now that's bad.There is a shuttle from the airport to the hotel, but it only runs every 2 hours. It is a 20 minute ride one way. I missed the shuttle by 10 minutes, so I took a taxi. 20 minute wait in the taxi line, followed by a $45 taxi ride.Check-in went smoothly, except for the fact that the room wasn't ready as promised. After a 2 hour wait, I was told that the room was ready. However, when I entered the room, it was obvious that the room had not been completely cleaned; for example, champaign corks littered the floor along with various other debris; the robes and other amenities had not been replaced; a dirty wine glass remained on the desk.The room was nice (once it was cleaned), but if your room overlooks the pool, bring ear plugs. My room was on the 12th floor, and I could plainly hear (and feel) the constant &quot;thump, thump, thump....&quot; from the 100 or so loudspeakers that sourround the pool. The &quot;thump, thump, thump...&quot; goes on 24 hours per day. I guess that is one form of psychological torture designed to keep you out of your room and in the casino.The pool had been drained for cleaning on the day I arrived and was reopened as I checked-out. I was still charged a mandatory $19.99 per day resort fee even though the only resort option (the pool) was closed. That was a quick $39.98 for nothing.All of the restaurant options are way understaffed; and the staff that they do have are rude and disinterested. On the first morning, I waited 20 minutes, after being seated, for someone to take my order; the food took another 20 minutes to arrive. The second morning was maybe 5 minutes faster overall.I used the Business Center computer to print a one page boarding pass; I was charged $5.89 (I don't know how they decided that was the number). Every other hotel I have ever stayed at charges nothing. Ouch.This hotel is very isolated from The Strip and any other dining or entertainment option. If you don't have a car (and I didn't), you don't have any options. You're stuck at the Red Rock with their poor service and high costs. Spend your money (or your company's money) at a place that appreciates your business. Avoid the Red Rock at all costs.	
May 22 2007 	Had our wedding at Red Rock	Red Rock Review – 1.Weddings - My husband and I got married at the Red Rock Resort on 4-21-07. I mostly coordinated with Melissa Tribus in Catering who took care of every step of my wedding and was a tremendous help. She did everything she was supposed to and was very “anal” when it came to the details, which I REALLY appreciated because I wanted everything to go perfectly the day of. The food was fabulous, the wait service was outstanding, and the night turned out exactly as I had hoped – PERFECT. I would highly demand to work with Melissa for your wedding; while there may be other qualified personnel there, I would not leave this day to chance. Chef's were also amazing - making sure everything was up to par with us for every detail of the meal. We had countless compliments on the food, service, decor, and overall details of the night. First class place for a wedding!2.Spa – amazing. I love that the $20 per room per day charge includes the use of the spa. It is amazing even if you do not get a service. They have steam and sauna rooms, cold and hot plunge pools, spa cabanas, lockers, and gym with boxing ring. It is very large and modern, very Zen and relaxing; should not be missed if staying there!3.Pool – very nice that they have the outdoor gaming, unique set-up of a round pool with fountain in middle and private pools for those who use cabanas. 4.Gaming – liked how there is a variety of minimum bets that are much lower than what you will find in the strip. Since they cater to the locals, as well as tourists, one can often find a blackjack table with a minimum of $5/hand – almost unheard of on the strip anymore. This is great if you are with folks that are not big stakes gamblers - many of our friends loved this.5. Kid-Friendly - VERY, very neat childcare center called Kidsquest. Definitely would have loved this if I was a kid! TONS of fun kids stuff to do and a very inexpensive price for childcare. Plus, the bowling alley with retractable bumper on every lane, the movie theater, the fountains inthe pool, and more... very neat for kids!A couple of other things to note about this property… overall it has amazing potential to be world-class, but it is just missing some of those finer details that really “make a place”….1.They underrate your play!! Watch your average bet and double check with the bosses often!!! We are pretty heavy gamblers and after a weekend of going buck-wild (8 hours at a time at roughly $50-75/hand) on the tables for two days and three nights, the house had only rated us as playing for 2 hours at $25 a hand! I was steaming and the host that we were put in touch with to rectify the situation basically looked at us and said, “Bummer for us” and “we should have been double checking with the bosses” – (---)?! I gave them my card every time I sat down and this is THEIR job. I should not have to periodically ask if I am still being rated. Other casinos don’t seem to find this too difficult. This is THE reason we will not be returning to this property again. This is unacceptable and we have never had this problem at any of the hotels we frequent on the Strip.2.Pool is public – RR does not require you to be a guest of the hotel to use the pool, so anyone who lives in the area can use it!!! Very weird for those who pay such high room prices to have to share with others as if it were the neighborhood pool!! Also, the cabanas were apparently &quot;reserved&quot; 3 months in advance. When we inquired with the Pool Managers that far in advance, we were told that they were being &quot;reserved&quot; for high stakes gamblers - all 9 of them! We were willing to rent all 9 (or as many as we could) at the going rate, but they would not let us rent any. Come the day of, they were empty - VERY dissappointing service in this area. I believe the manager we dealt with is named Michael.3.Elevators on 5th floor – If you are staying on the 5th floor, you must have your key to go DOWN off your floor. I understand why you need it to go up, but not why you need it to go down (as in out to the casino and to leave)? Our guests on other floors did not have this problem.4. Overall snobbish in areas - we had the general feeling that the hotel was not at all thankful for our business, which is too bad. We spent quite a bit of money here for our wedding at $150/head plus brought them close to 50 rooms of built in business from our guests. We did not receive much preferential treatment whatsoever. We were very surprised at this attitude; it is not what we are familiar with from the bigger hotels on the Strip - again, one more reason we will not be returning.OVERALL – very cool, modern, hip. Still very new feeling. Clubs, movie theater, bowling, pool, food court, gambling, kids club, bingo hall, bars, various restaurants, etc… there is something for EVERYONE here. There are a few issues, but worth checking out if you can get a good deal.	
May 18 2007 	Loved the resort avoid Salt Lick BBQ	Stayed at the Red Rock for a company convention and had a great time! We were a little leary about the distance from the &quot;strip&quot; but actually found the location even better than the Bellagio, where we have stayed before. The casino is very nice, lots of fun without a lot of cigarette smoke and not overly noisy. You do have to pass through the casino to get to the restaurants, food court or bowling alley (yes, bowling!) but not to get to the lobby, the street or the pool or spa. The spa area was gorgeous, really nice and the service was amazing there! The buffet restaurant was incredible, with more choices than I have ever seen before and everything fresh and tasty. We ate many meals at the Grand Cafe, where the portions were generous and the Barbeque chicken salad was a taste treat. Service was great in all the areas of the hotel, except the Salt Lick Barbeque restaurant, where the food was disappointing at best and the service was awful. We phoned ahead to warn them that a group of 16 people was coming in, and wanted separate bills and a table together. Even with 2 days warning, they only gave us one inexperienced server and the food arrived at our table cold. It also took over an hour to get our food. They did comp us with dessert when we complained, but still charged us a gratuity on the bills. I can't say enough about the rooms in this resort - top notch all the way! From the leather coverd walls and the huge soaker tub, to the extremely comfortable beds, great views of the mountains and the pool, to the quick response to a complaint about a missing bathrobe, all of the amenities were covered. I will certainly stay at the Red Rock again.	
May 15 2007	Red Rock is not holding up	I have stayed at Red Rock on previous visits and always liked it. It is wonderful to be away from the congestion of the strip and the amenities and food are significantly less expensive (I am sick of paying 4 dollars for coffee at the Wynn).All the reviews are correct in stating that the rooms are wonderful and the overall design of the hotel is tasteful and relatively smoke free. Unfortunately, the other reviews are also correct in that the staff is not exactly &quot;kind or helpful&quot;. Beware of the concierge...they don't smile and look annoyed a lot.This stay, I think may be my last. The whole experience of a high-end (and the rooms sometimes go for 350+) property is ruined by the Disney vibe. The pool was NOT SEXY and teeming with screaming kids. It is also very strange to see the amazing amount of strollers being strolled about the casino floor. I would take my kids to Disney NOT VEGAS. For the same money, I will pay four bucks for coffee at the Wynn and enjoy the stroller free casino and calm pool.What happened to you Red Rock?	
May 12 2007	Not bad...	Multiple trips to LV previously...so I knew what to expect.RedRock Casino is one of the newer hotel/resorts in VegasLocation: Located approximately 25-30 minutes from airport and nearly equidistant to the Strip (Summerlin, NV). Off by itself as far as casinos, so if you do not have transportation, you will be limited. Plenty of upscale shopping within a short drive. Red Rock Canyon itself is about 20 minutes north - recommend for nature lovers/rock climbers!Facilities: Ultra-chic, upscale hotel/casino. Plenty of traditional surroundings, gambling, etc. Good ventilation system - not as smokey as other LV casinos. On Site construction still ongoing with a new office building going up directly across street. Construction noise may be a problem if staying in cityview room - beware!Dining: Many very good eateries (Try the Italian style Terra Rossa - excellent!) Salt Lick BBQ is also quite good. Buffet style is adequate. Starbucks on premesis. Bottom line is food is plentiful and relatively cheap - a must for an off-Strip locale such as this.Rooms: Large, ultra modern with flat panel TVs and iPod connections (no HD, though). Confortable trappings, including bed (soft with abundant pillows). Not a large sitting area, unless you are staying in a suite. Bathrooms are spacious and have small flat panel TVs as well. Malfunctioning fire alarm went off constantly for two straight days - placed a damper on festivities. Highly recommend canyon view room.Staff: Needs work - not very accomodating to guests paying upwards of $350/night. Front desk personnel not familiar with check-in/check-out procedures. Asst manager is borderline rude to guest requests/suggestions.Overall: Not bad...would not stay here again until 'bugs' are worked out.	
May 12 2007 	Sadly disappointed in Spa	Was told it was &quot;a short cab ride from the Strip&quot; - HA! more than half an hour each way, $80 round trip! and NO ONE told us there was a FREE shuttle from the Strip we could've taken! The massages were totally incompetent (the luscious descriptions in the brochure are written by the massage oil vendor , we were told - no one teaches the staff how to administer them!) and my daughter was left forgotten in a corner by the staff, then rushed to her treatment 1/2 hour late, yet, it ended at the scheduled time and charged the full price. Maintenance of the facility was also poor, the fountains didn't work so were dry, the shower flooded the locker room, the &quot;zen garden&quot; is carpeted in wrinkled Astroturf, etc. Cost over $500 for the spa day and we ended up sadly frustrated. Management did NOT respond to our comment card. NEVER AGAIN.	
May 11 2007 	High ratings won't last	Good reviews will soon stop because important points have been overlooked in construction. The most important omission was ventilating fans in the bathrooms. Our room was nice, the beds were super-comfortable, and the mountain view was lovely, but we had to junk up the bathroom counter because there was no shelf for toiletries and no rack for hand towels. The lack of a ventilating fan was obvious if the bathroom door was left closed for a few hours. The door was mostly glass, so I woke up when my husband turned on the bathroom light during the night. More thought should have gone into room design for these reasons. The resort is a $40-50 cab ride from the strip, and the infrequent shuttles stop at 9 or 10pm...not a good idea in Las Vegas. Some of these things can be rectified, but retrofitting bathroom ventilation would be impossible, and the lack of it will surely cause this new resort some serious problems in a few years. Too bad, because I could have really loved it.	
May 1 2007 	Great resort away from the strip	This was the first time I stayed in a hotel that was not on the strip. Red Rock Casino is atleast half an hour west of the strip. That indeed is a blessing in disguise - away from all the crowds. The room was excellent and very comfortable. The only drawback I found was that the restaurants were sub-par. Given that there is nothing around this place (or atleast I did not know of any), you were basically captive to eat at the restaurants. I am not saying the food was bad, but it was not great either.Like all other casinos, the rates for everything were high. Do not get bottled water from the mini bar, they keep loads of free bottles of water every day next to the registration desk. You can take as many as you want.Very good place to hold a conference because there are no distractions. The blackjack dealers were very nice as well. Given that I am no expert at blackjack, the dealer helped me out when I was going to make stupid decisions. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who want to experience Vegas by not staying on the strip.	
May 1 2007 	Great Resort but has some issues	We recently spent 3 nights at the Red Rock resort. While we think the resort is great, there were some issues which the hotel should address. On the plus side, the rooms are fantastic (the best I have experienced in Vegas), the spa faculty is great and the pools are amazing. Because the hotel is off the strip (20 minutes to the strip) a car is necessary, but things like food and alcohol are noticeably less expensive. The resort is also about 5 minutes from Red Rock Canyon which has great hiking.On the negative side, there is a mandatory $19.99 per room per day resort fee. While it does cover entrance and use of the spa facility, the other items “included “ in the fee like turn down service, a newspaper and free shoe shine are ridiculous as any decent hotel should include these services in the price of the room. Spots at the pool were also hard to come by; if you did not get to the pool early you couldn’t get a chair. It also appeared that there were a lot of locals at the pool (taking spots away from paying hotel guests) although it was not clear how they gained access to the facility. In additional, the pool staff “reserves” the nicest spots and pool beds for no reason, and we noticed that some of the best spots remained empty all day because the pool staff put reserve signs on the spaces and would not give them up to the hotel guests.While the staff and housekeeping were OK, the service and cleaning was not up to the standards of a 4 or 5 star resort. This hotel would like to be a 4 plus resort and in some respects it is (rooms, pool, spa) but in other respects (service, excess fees, housekeeping) this resort has a long way to go.Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 30 2007 	Great hotel	I stayed at this resort because of a business conference. The rooms were great and the staff were very pleasant. I had some issues with my room due to neighbors and the manager was extremely accomodating. The only complaint that I had was with breakfast. There were limited restaurants that served breakfast, the sit-down ones had long lines and the only fast food option was Fatburger...the wrap place didn't open for breakfast until 10am (which made no sense to me).Also, this is a great resort if you've already done the Vegas thing before and don't really plan on going back and forth. The cab ride is expensive and the shuttle service times are lacking.	
Apr 30 2007 	Red Rock Reduced Rate	We (wife and teenage son) stayed at the Red Rock Resort between Christmas and New Years in 2006. We are frequent visitors to Las Vegas, but we rarely stay on the strip. Normally we stay at the Suncoast, but when booking the reservations for this trip I found that the Red Rock had greatly reduced their room rates, so we opted to try it out. The hotel is just off of the 215 in Summerlin, so it is very easy to get to….and its close to Red Rock park…don’t miss out on hiking around this great place.The resort is beautiful. There are plenty of excellent places to eat and the casino is very nice, although trying to find a low limit table is a little tough. There are movie theatres, and they were in the process of building a bowling alley, which may now be complete. The rooms at the Red Rock are gorgeous. The beds are very comfortable, and the soaking tub is a dream come true (it has a small flat screen tv to watch!). The bathroom is all marble, big, and again, beautiful. There is a large flat screen TV, but as usual in Vegas they try to rip you off for internet service. There looks to be a fantastic pool area, although it was windy and cold when we were there so we did not get to try it out. There also some fun nightclubs.One drawback we had at the resort was upon our arrival. We arrived at 2pm, which is a little early for check in, but usually there will be something available. But not this time. We waited until nearly 4pm for the room to be ready. This was on a weekday arrival. At least they had a nice big lobby to hold up in.I would recommend a stay at the Red Rock if you can get the rate that we found (under 150), or if you’re just splurging on a special occasion, but for the frequent visitor (non-high roller) like us it’s kind of pricey. Gorgeous place, but too expensive...and they stick you with that obnoxious &quot;resort fee&quot; and then again another fee for an &quot;extra person&quot;. The room has two queen beds, isn't it made for more than two people? Hopefully if you end up with one of those 300+ rates they don't stick ya for these extras.	
Apr 5 2007 	change the rules and boot out the slobs	We love this resort But, we need to talk about a few rules that would bring this resort back to a 5 star. First do not allow mothers to put their diaperless bare naked babies and or small childern into the resort pools. We complained of a mother removing a dirty diaper and washing the babies lower body in the pool while people swam by. The next day the pool was closed due to a biohazard aka poop from another small non potty trainned child in the pool. CHANGE the age limit rules for this resort to children 10 and over with adult supervision. No diapers and no bare botttoms in the pool. This is a severe health hazard. There is no excuse for this classless behavior. Bring back our classy 5 star resort that we love so much.I loved my comfy room. The service was understaffed but, improved after we complained. When this resort in ON, they are perfect.	
Mar 24 2007 	Beautiful rooms	This is a four star porperty with marble bathrooms and lots of amenities. Please note that they are really pet friendly. There were at least 8 dogs during my Christmas stay, and they are put in any room, any floor, and are walked outside where you valet. I used the hotel website for booking, and didn't see anything about pets. I am very alergic and phobic. The JW Marriott is just as nice, with no pets if you need an alternative.	
Mar 21 2007 	This place is Great!!!	one of the best places to stay in Vagas, Most of the other reviews are right on the money about this place. Since its almost brand new you dont have to worry about alot of things that plague old properties. The rooms are super modern with nice views of the mountains from any window in the building. This place is currently the locals favorite place to gamble at. The food at the chop house was one of the best meals that we have ever eatten, the buffet was great with more quility food then I have seen at one of these. No smoke in the casino, The pool looks great, with a bar and card games right next to it. Not a huge swimming pool but nice for wadding or letting the kids play in it (we didnt see many kids at the hotel). The staff was super nice all around. This is not a budget hotel so if your shopping for price pick some place else, from what we saw of the other hotels this place is about as good as it gets and the price is still close to lots of the lower class/run down 4 to 5 star places.(We walked through all of the other hotels in this class except the wynn) We took the pink jeep tour to the grand cannon and flew down in the helicopter if ,you want to see some great places ask for chris. The only thing to keep in mind is that they are still working on new parts of the hotel and there are other projects being built all around this area. This goes for any place in Vegas that has open land to be built on. Just dont let any of this distract your great view of the mountains. If you think its better near the strip just ask someone that been to Vegas about that because the strip is jam packed with taxis, people and plenty of construction or run down buildings to look at. The only slightly bad comment We had on the Red rock was the transportation. The shuttles only run every 1-2 hrs to the airport and near the strip with only enough room to hold about 12 people(So you have to wait in a line durring prime time to hold a spot for the ride you want(if its full you have another 2 hr wait,and thats if theres any more runs). If you dont have a car and plan to be comming and going to the strip this may be a problem. We picked this hotel because we wanted to hang at the pool, hike and relax a big chunk of our Vacation. So if you want a wild party and to hang at the strip every day pick the Bellagio or ceasars, heard the wynn is really upper end too but didnt go in so cant say for sure. Doubt anyone could say that they hated this hotel. I worked for hilton and have been in a descent amount of hotels that could not hold a candel to this place. Dan schutz	
Mar 14 2007	Lots of pluses but handful of flaws too!	This is a beautiful hotel, almost perfectly laid out, and even has easy access to a major highway from the airport. It is probably easier getting here as say, The Venetian or the Wynn.Check-in was a breeze on a quiet Tuesday afternoon and we got to our room early. The room and view of the neighboring mountains were breathtaking. The amenties (i.e. 42&quot; LCD TV) are very upscale for the price, which was a great buy by strip standards, but pretty high for the suburban location. The on-site restauants are all good, but service is strangely cold and detached. Hard to find fault, but they fall short of a true dining experience. This was especially true in the Steakhouse. The hi-style is evident in all the restaurants. The buffet was truly amazing and the late night coffee shop was 1st rate. I'd never had a $2.99 Cheeseburger served in a room with chandeliers and three prong silverware!The casino is bright, elegent and perfectly laid out. Easy to manuever thru, with beautiful floorings and restrooms. Nice sports book as well. So where's the flaw? The staff is a sleep walking crew, almost to a person. The shuttle to/from the airport doesn't fit most schedules and the shuttle to the strip takes an hour each way. The sensational lounge had entertainemnt for 20 year olds, and there weren't any there! People sat, listened and left every 10 minutes. The bar refrigerator is down right dangerous and the nice turndown service and daily newspaper are part of the $19.95 per day &quot;resort fee&quot;. I saw one reviewer rave about the saved $50 cab ride from the airport. Its in there, whether you use it or not. Light a small fire under the staff, add a shuttle bus or two and bury that resort fee into the room rate (I know... it just seems wrong!) and this is a 4+ star experience!	
Mar 14 2007	Sumptuous Spa Treatments!	WOW, what an amazing and large hotel! We parked in valet, grabbed our luggage out of the car, and headed towards the wall of RED glass doors. The decor inside the resort was rich and dark. Our check-in went smoothly. We strolled over to the elevators, put our card in the slot to summon an elevator, entered, and rode to the 11th floor. The floors were carpeted in warm stripes, the walls white, the overhead lights draped in red fabric. Our room, 2 queen beds with Canyon View, was luxurious. The bathroom walls were lined in brown leather. The black &amp; white marble tub was deep with a flat-screen t.v. mounted above the faucets for easy viewing. Twin sinks, lighted vanity mirror, scale, bathrobes, q-tips, lush towels, nothing was overlooked. The closet light turned on automatically when the door was opened. Padded and wooden hangers awaited our clothing. The queen beds were large with 4 sleeping pillows and 3 or 4 decorative pillows each. The mini-bar was stocked with Italian bottled waters, sodas, liquors, candies, even cookies, a disposable camera, a first-aid kit, and a sex-aid kit! A printed notice warned that items removed from the display tray for 45 seconds would be charged to your room! Look, but don't touch. We had a large, flatscreen t.v. to watch from our beds, but only turned it on once. The Red Rock Canyon view was gorgeous, and the pool below was amazing! A very large, round pool with a fountain in the center and plenty of oversized lounge chairs and beds surrounding the pool.After dropping off our bags, we headed downstairs to get a bite to eat before bed. The Grand Cafe is open 24 hours, and it fit our needs perfectly. My sister had a very thin crust pepperoni pizza that promised basil but the waitress warned they had no basil. I had a bowl of lentil soup and fresh crusty bread, a mini loaf in it's own mini bag. We awoke early the following morning. Our spa appointments weren't until 10am, so we headed downstairs for breakfast. The Grand Cafe greeted us for the 2nd time in less than 7 hours. My sister ordered an apple pie ala mode, but alas, their pies hadn't yet been delivered that day. The waitress offered cream pies, but we both settled on a skillet breakfast: 3 eggs over easy / over medium, bacon, sourdough toast, and hashbrowns. Delicious!! Next we walked the casino floor, stopping at a craps table. I quickly lost $100.We went back to our room to get ready for our spa treatments. Grabbed our swimsuits to kill some time in the whirlpool, and hairclips to keep our tresses up. We rode the elevator down to the spa, and entered the tall, glass, red doors to the spa. We signed in, and were led to the women's spa area. We were provided lockers, sandals and robes. Bottled water was within reach nearly everywhere. We soaked in the whirlpool for about 20 minutes, then headed over to the lounge to await our masseuses. Michael called out my name, and I was off. Nice dark room, relaxing music, warm sheet &amp; towels on the table. Perfect! Michael was very gentle and had very soft hands. In talking, I learned he has been at the Red Rock Resort for 1 year, but with Station Casinos for 5 years. He's excellent and I'd recommend him to anyone. After 50 minutes, my massage was through. I headed back to the lounge, drank more water, and waited for my facial. Vicki was my facial technician (I'm not sure of the exact term or title). I had never had a facial before which really excited her. She explained ahead of time everything that she would do, then was quiet the rest of the procedure. That was perfect, allowing me to actually doze some of the time! The facial surprisingly came with feet &amp; hand treatments. After our facials, we headed up to the casino's food court. We had Panda Express and Fatburger. My masseuse, Michael, had recommended the Baby Burger, but when I got there, I was told the Baby Burger Buns hadn't been delivered. They could make my Baby Burger but serve it on a Fat Burger Bun. Fine. A side of &quot;Skinny fries&quot; and a diet coke, and I was all set. The burger was delicious, very much like an In-N-Out burger!Back to the spa we went for our 2pm appointment, manicures. My sister's manicurist was awesome, a bubbly blonde named Lori. My manicurist was named Bonnie. She didn't speak much, not even to tell me what products she was putting on my hands (there were several small dishes of creams). Regardless, my nails look fantastic with a gorgeous light shade of pink. Next were our champagne pedicures! We got into the pedicure lounge chairs. There were supposed to &quot;massage&quot;, but mine just vibrated, so I turned that feature off. This was another quiet treatment, this time with a seaweed wrap and caviar cream on my tootsies (I learned from listening to Lori). Our pedi's looked great! For dinner, we headed to T-Bones steak house for dinner, and were promptly seated near a loooonnnng gas fireplace. It was really impressive! Kirsten, Rick and _____ (sorry, I forgot his name!) were our servers. Kirsten told us of all the specials, told us of her favorites, and really made everything sound so tasty! We ordered a bottle of wine... a German Riesling. It was DELICIOUS!!! For an appetizer, we had Oysters Rockefeller. They had a minty flavor, and were COLD. We were shocked &amp; discusted by our first bite, but graciously tried to eat two. Couldn't finish the plate, and it was obvious something was wrong. When Kirsten pointed out we still had oysters to finish, we had to confess they just didn't taste good to us. She apologized and removed the charge from our bill. Our entrees were Surf &amp; Turf, and thankfully the steak and lobster were so good they made up for the discusting oysters. Our side dishes were o.k. The petite filet and lobster really were the stars of the show. The mac n' cheese side dish was not your mama's mac n' cheese. The cheese was white. White cheddar? No... gorgonzolla. Pew! Actually, the first bite was stinky, but it aged into the delicious creamy taste &amp; texture as the night went on, and I had 3 servings of it! The other side dish was garlic mashed potatoes. They merely sprinkled some garlic on top, torched it, and served it. The garlic really should have been incorporated throughout the mashed potatoes, in our opinion. Now the topper. We asked for dessert to go. It was a triple chocolate cake. They said, sure, no problem. Cut it, boxed it, and put it in a bag. Off we went to our room, opened the cake (which looked glorious), and ... where are the forks? We went back down to the restaurant to request forks. The young lady at the front desk said they did not have disposable silverware, that she had been after them to order some, but they had none for us. As we stood there dumbfounded, the portly balding man next to her (also behind the counter) said, &quot;Room Service&quot;, to which the girl responded, &quot;You could call room service and ask for a fork&quot;. Off we went, no thanks to them! We walked over to the food court and &quot;borrowed&quot; a spoon from Ben &amp; Jerry (Thanks B &amp; J!!!). We strolled past the craps tables. Two tables had now raised their minimum bet to $10... too pricey for me. The $5. table was dead. So I played $20 worth of video poker. Bye $20. Back to Ben &amp; Jerry's we went to get 2 scoops of ice cream, then back to our room to enjoy our desserts. The next morning we had 10am hair appointments. The stylists were having a meeting about new products, so they ran a bit late, but soon we were seated at the washing stations. My stylist was Michelle, and I think my sister's was named Anika. Anika wasn't much of a talker, but Michelle was very nice and made me feel right at home. She did a great job on my hair. Trimmed it, blew it out... looked fantastic. We said good-bye to the spa, and headed to the reception area to check-out. $1,900 later, we were totally relaxed and refreshed!	
Mar 13 2007 	First class all the way!	This property is absolutely gorgeous and first rate. The bathrooms are VERY large and very nicely furnished, down to a soft robe. We asked for a canyon view which is worth paying a little more. The bed was so comfortable and snuggly. The only snag we hit coming in was having a delayed flight and not getting to the airport before the hotel shuttle stopped so we had to take a cab, which was expensive since the Red Rock is about 30 minutes from the airport/strip. Check-in was a breeze and we immediately went to the casino to check it out. Since the Red Rock isn't on the strip the casino is much more enjoyable and you don't ever have to wait on that slot machine you want. All of the restaurants we ate in had delicious food and friendly staff. The weather didn't cooperate at all and they had to close the pool our entire stay due to high winds, and we got snowed on one day. I'd definitely go back but only in guaranteed good weather months and only after they get all of the construction completely finished so I don't have to listen to it.	
Mar 2 2007 	Confirmed Reservation + Another Customer Tipping for Upgrade = Sleeping in Car!	Don't get me wrong, Red Rock is a beautiful modern property in line with some of the better boutique hotels I've visited. Problem is their hotel staff can't seem to get anything right nor do they put the customer over the high roller in the casino.In Feb 24th's onslaught of last minute reservations due to weather back east leaving stranded travelers, as well as Priceline's inability to do anything right, I booked a room though an American Express special rate with Travelocity (note, linked through Travelocity but an AmEx rate) for that night and proceeded the long drive from the Strip to Red Rock in Summerlin. Cue arriving in beautiful lobby. The initial desk clerk, who was wonderful through all of the process, could not find my reservation, but printed the confirmation I gave her and assured me they would find a room somewhere for me. Note that during this wait, a guy checked in next to me, slipped the clerk a 20, and got an upgrade in the classic Vegas 20 trick. Cue the clerk telling me they are sold out and can't add reservations, but will be rearranging me to get me in.4 hours and lots of run around later with no offer of a place other than their stiff lounge couch and a bottle of water to tithe me over, out comes a staff member to tell me that they are rearranging some guests into their &quot;still open but reserved for playing customers&quot; suites and villas. I then wait another half hour for their hotel director, a pitiful customer rep of a man, to come and tell me sorry, even though we're sold out, we can get you a room 50 miles away or nothing at all. I declined and explained the story of the upgrade to which I was immediately dismissed as &quot;lying as that would never be possible.&quot; He then did invite me to make a reservation and come again as the hotel &quot;would love to invite me back&quot; on my dime. I thanked him and assured him that because I would have to sleep in a car that night I would most likely not return.Go to Red Rock at your own risk, because a beautiful property with a lousy hotel staff can't get it right, no matter how many stars they are rated.	
Mar 1 2007 	Loved Loved IT!	Received a terrific rate of $179.00/night thru the hotel. Stayed Sunday thru Tuesday. Upon arrival we met the hotel's shuttle out at the airport's luggage level. Only waited on the bus for ten minutes before it left. Great way to get to and from the hotel to the airport. We tipped the bus driver, cuz the ride was FREEE. Saved a $50 cab ride! Upon check-in, was very impressed with the hotel's interior, which went VERY smooth. The design is something out of Architectual Digest. Simply beautiful! We requested a room away from any noise but with a view of the Strip. We opened the 18th floor door to the most beautiful view of the mountains and the Strip. The hotel design continued thru out the room. Unbelieveable! One warning, don't touch anything in refrig. Everything from soda, peanut, etc. is on a sensor and if it leaves its spot for 45 seconds...Bingo Baby, your charged. Loved the LCD TV attached to the bathtub room wall. The picture wasn't as good as the bedroom's HUGE LCD screen. The restaurants and fast food had high quality food. We did have HORRIBLE service at the Italian restaurant...finally complained ... we had to wait over 30 minutes for our food. Even our waiter was embarassed. Reward for our patience was... a half of glass of champagne :(((. To top off that evening. The diners next to us was an old man, definitely drunk, with a 20 year old hooker with him. He had an awful mouth on him. The manager finally came over and ask them to leave after everyone around complained. Would never eat there AGAIN and don't recommend it.! Highly recommend T-bones for a special occasion. High priced, items are bought on an individual price. Food was EXCELLENT. We had four waiters waiting on us. Salt Lick BBQ was good as well as CABO for Mexican. Fast food places were Rubios, Panda Express, a hamburger place and deli. Also had Baskin-Robbins and Starbucks. The casino exceptionally clean and definitely catered to locals. Had 1, 5, 10 cents slots. Poker room was VERY crowded and often had to wait for a table. Many locals play there.The pool area was once again, absolutely high class. Cabanas and lounge chairs with 5 inch thick pads. My husband did say the pool was quite chlorinated.Took two massages...welll, what can I say. Gym is upscale.We did not miss the excitement of the Strip and can hardly wait to return very soon. we've stayed at Mandalay, Bellagio and Caesar's and have paid up to $400/night.My friend I can not recommend this place any higher. One time and I know you'll be hooked like we are!	
Feb 26 2007 	Relieved!	We were a little wary after reading all the hot and cold reviews on Trip Advisor. But overall, we were thrilled with the Red Rock. The decor is amazing - very unique and contemporary. Our standard Strip View room was large, the bathroom was huge, and the tv in the mirror was pretty cool. The room was clean, and the bed was soft and luxurious.We ate at Tides Oyster Bar and had the freshest oysters we've had in a very long time. They also have the BEST banana cream pie ANYWHERE! The waitress was very personable and helpful with menu selections. The next night we ate at TBones Steak House. The food was delicious, and like all steakhouses, the servings and the bill were huge. However, the service was very impersonal. We had a &quot;team&quot; of 3 servers and they all were unkempt looking (not clean shaven, shirts rumpled and half tucked in, not very refined). They basically just put the food on the table. No help with menu or wine selection, just order takers. When we go to nice restaurants, we like to feel special, and we did not at TBones. If that's not important to you and you're just wanting good food, this place is great. If you're looking for an overall special experience, look elsewhere.The casino was great. Excellent variety of machines, never too crowded and contrary to other trip reports, I won $500 throughout the weekend, on penny, nickel and quarter machines! We rented a car for $20 per day because we didn't want to bother with using a shuttle service. This allowed us to go hiking at the Red Rock park at our leisure and get to and from the airport without a hassle.For a quieter Vegas experience in cool surroundings, you can't go wrong with Red Rock. We will definitely return!	
Feb 19 2007 	Very nice!	Beautiful hotel &amp; property. The crystal chandeliers are breath taking. The rooms are very nice with everything you need. Turn down service every night. A paper delivered to our door every morning. DO NOT touch anything in the refrigerator or next to it. You will be charged ($4.00 for a can of soda?). You can't even put your own things in thr frige. You'll be charged for that too!The restaurants are quite nice but expect l-o-n-g lines. T-bones is exceptional. The breakfast buffet has a very large selection and the staff is always there to help but I would suggest hiring bus people to service the tables. The lines waiting to get in would move much faster.Very nice &amp; large casino but don't expect to win at the tables or slots.The pool is very, very nice with a fountain at the center and cabanas all around.There's construction on the property and our room faced it but it never woke us up.Our only complaint is the suttle service and the lack of cabs. We missed our flight after waiting half an hour for a cab to arrive. The shuttle wasn't leaving until 3:00 and our plane left at 3:30 so we couldn't use it. I recommend renting a limo if you can find one that will go there. They really should schedule hourly shuttle service.We'd love to stay there again but we can't chance the hassle of missing our flight again.	
Feb 18 2007	Waste Of Money!!!	This was to be a &quot;surprise&quot; birthday getaway from my husband. And we were treated so &quot;shoddy&quot; that we checked out 2 days early to go to another hotel. No one offered to help with luggage,the front desk staff was rude, the room was cold as the window was not properly sealed and the bed was not level and lumpy. All of the &quot;hidden fees&quot; were a disgrace (they must need money to finish construction) The only person who offered any assistance was a nice maintenance man who had only worked there for 3 days. If smart, go elsewhere. I don't lie at age 59!!!	
Feb 16 2007 	Excellent Hotel Terrific Rooms Far from the Strip	I stayed at the Red Rock in late January for a convention held at this resort. I've read reviews with issues about the service, noise, etc., but I didn't run into any problems. I arrived at the Vegas airport at a time when I would have had to wait about 90 minutes for the free shuttle to the hotel (runs every 2 hours). So I took a cab. Cab fare was about $50 including tip during rush hour. Took the shuttle back from the hotel to the airport a few days later. Shuttle was on time and a nice ride.Upon arriving, check-in was easy. Requested a room as far away from the club as possible since I had read reviews about the bass from the club all night. Received a king room on the 18th floor with a strip view. Never heard the club at all. The strip was quite a distance away, but the lights were cool at night. This side of the hotel also had a view of the construction still going on below. These guys start before sunrise! Could hear them hammering away at around 530am. But I don't think it would have been loud enough to wake me up. I was already up because I was still on east coast time. Of course, I was on the 18th floor and if I had a room down lower, the noise probably would have bothered me.The room was terrific. Nice king bed in the center of the room with two chairs, nightstands, Bose Wave radio, desk, floor to ceiling window. The bathroom had marble tile, two sinks, separate sunken tub and shower and a separate door to the commode. The little LCD TV over the sunken tub was a nice touch. The 42&quot; plasma TV in the room was cool, but the reception was typical of hotels - poor. So the picture was that much more grainy on a big screen.Conference areas, lobby, casino area were all very nice. Didn't gamble, but walked through to go to the Italian restaurant (this is the one that is run by the winner of Hell's Kitchen). Had to try the seabass that was her claim to fame on the show and it was absolutely outstanding. For $32, it had better be. Prices for everything else were much more reasonable. Pastas were in the $10 range or so. Not too bad.Transportation to the strip ended at 3pm from the Red Rock. Makes sense that they want you to stay at their location to lose your money. Didn't get a chance to check out the club or any shows while I visited there.All in all, this was probably one of the nicest hotels I've visited. Got a group rate for the conference of $200/night plus the resort fee of $20 which doesn't include internet of another $13/day. Good thing I was able to expense it. Otherwise, I probably wouldn't stay there again because of the price and distance to the strip. If traveling to Vegas to party and hit the town, this is probably not the best place to be unless renting a car or taking cabs works for you. However, for something a little more upscale, this is a cool place to hang out.	
Feb 6 2007 	Above average.	Just got back from Red Rock. Nice hotel, nice view if you're on the valley side. Rooms are very nice. Not as big as The Hotel at Mandalay Bay which is where we usally stay. The bathroom countertop, while holding two sinks, is not very deep. Therefore, there's not much room to put your stuff. Towel bars are on the front of the sinks just below waist level, so you're always knocking them onto the floor. Strange spot for towels. Request for non-feather pillows and bedspread were filled promptly. However, one of the sinks did not drain at all because the stopper was broken in the down position. Our request to have this fixed was not responded to for our entire stay. His and her reading lights on the bed were a nice touch, as was the Bose Wave Radio on the nightstand. The hotel was very clean. The casino was laid out almost exactly like Green Valley Ranch (e.g. circular design). Unfortunately, the casino was relatively smokey on an otherwise slow weekend. Compared to other strip casinos with higher ceilings, the casino was smokier than average. Huge poker room with a very alluring Jumbo Jackpot feature for bad beats. Every player in each of the 9 Station Casino poker rooms gets paid a minimum of $200 when the Jackpot is triggered (i.e. getting beat when you have 4 nines or better). Unfortunately, all of the blackjack tables require the dealer to hit on soft 17 which increases the house advantage. Players are allowed to touch the cards in blackjack which is not the norm in most strip casinos. Dealers were all very friendly.Restaurants were above average. We had nice meals at Cabo and T-Bones. Cabo had excellent Mexican food.Red Rock Canyon is only 5 miles up the road and offers absolutely breathtaking views. There is a 13 mile car loop that costs $5 to access. With little doubt, the best deal in Vegas. Highly reccomended.The Spa, while very nice, is on par with other larger strip hotels. No individual lock boxes for valuables, so leave them in the room-safe when heading down to the spa.If you want to feel completely removed from the normal Vegas nightlife of the strip, this place is for you. You'll forget you're in Vegas. However, if you like the feel of the strip, you'll feel isolated.	
Jan 31 2007 	Could've Been Better...	Date: January 31, 2007Reviewer: A TripAdvisor Member, Bronx, NYWe were comped for four nights at the Red Rock from January 21 through the 25. Getting to Red Rock from the airport and the Strip is a breeze now that the southern and western portions of the Las Vegas Beltway (Route 215) are completed and reach as far as West Charleston Blvd. where the exit to the hotel is, a 15 to 25 minute drive. The property is beautifully located near Red Rock Canyon in the Summerlin area and is a nice and quiet alternative to the hustle and bustle of downtown or the Strip.Now the hotel itself. The check-in process was a little strained. When travelling to Las Vegas, I travel with someone (who is in her 70s) who prefers a room away from elevators and vending machines. The clerk initially gave us a room on the 12th floor (room 12-102) closest to the elevator, and as I would see later on, it would've been fine based on the floorplan. She then gave us a room on the 16th floor (room 16-140), which we took. Based on our request, and whether her actions were to comply or to be downright mean, the clerk sure knew what she was doing. When we got up to the 16th floor, we walked. And walked. And walked. Because the rooms are so big, the corridors are long, so a casual walk from the room to the elevator took over a minute. Because of our long trip, the comfortable room, and In lieu of playing 'musical rooms', we opted to stay where we were. But the clerk certainly could've put us halfway closer.Now our baggage. We drove into the hotel's valet and used the bell service and everything seemed okay. Then the bell captain gave our stub to the hotel clerk. We get to our room, a whole hour passes by, and still no baggage. Several phone calls later, our baggage appears with apologies from the bellman. It wasn't his fault, this was the fault of the hotel clerk, whose actions were either accidental or intentional. And while I'm on the subject of the hotel clerks at Red Rock, their overall demeanor seems somewhat hardened. The check-in process should be relaxed, friendly and professional, not a clearance of customs to enter North Korea.The rooms are very comfortable, with wonderful amenities like the flat-screen TV, the Bose radio at the bedside and the comfortable bedding. Beware of touching or moving anything in the minibar - the minifridge or the outside tray of goodies - or you'll automatically be charged. The TV in our nice spacious bathroom didn't work, and the construction outside the hotel in the morning didn't really faze us. We did most of our dining at the buffet and found the food to be quite tasty. The gambling wasn't great in terms of winning, but then you can't expect to come to Vegas expecting to win. Overall, in spite of the minor glitches, we were quite pleased with our stay. But then again, we were comped for four nights. If we had been paying $300 per night for the room and the resort fee, then I probably might've felt cheated	
Jan 29 2007 	Weak Effort	These folks are trying to be W or THEhotel or a Kimpton but it is not working for them. The rooms look nice but as for the the servce and food you might as well be at the low-rent Palace Station (same ownership). The housekeeping staff missed the boat several times. When we had to ask for the second robe I was bruskly handed the card warning me I would be charged if I ran off with it. The turn down service consisted of a knock at the door and the question &quot;you want anything?&quot;The restaurant experiences (except for Salt Lick) were very unstaisfactory. High prices, poor quality. We like wine with dinner and they may have the worst wine lists in the county at the more casual restaurants.We won't be back. For those prices, I can do better on the strip.	
Jan 28 2007	Sqeezing blood from a stone!	Check in:My brother and I arrived on New Years Day and housekeeping was an hour late cleaning our room. At check in I was informed I would have to leave a $900 deposit on the room because of the length of our stay. We were there for six days. When we got to our room it was a single instead of the double we reserved. When I called the front desk I was was told to come down and pick up keys to a different room. I should also note that most of the time the front desk is overwhelmed with guests and phone calls and seldom get them on the first call. Normaly hotels send new keys up so the guest does not have to endure lines filled with pissed off guests a second time. Complimentary apples and bottled water were provided in the lobby. A nice touch. The hotel itself was very nice and all common areas were very clean and well appointed. There are quite a few options for dining inside the hotel.The Room: Our room was well appointed with a flat screen in the room as well as the tub. Very nice ammenitys in the bathroom but no room in fridge for personal items. Construction was visable from room but noise was very low.The Gym:Very nice gym with a good selection of machines. Most equipment had it own TV monitor and bottled water was provided as well as towels and headphones. Check Out:This is where the hotel really fell down.My brother and I made a contious effort to not use any of the services in the hotel as they were prohibitavively expensive. A local phone call costs $ 2.50 for the first thirty minutes. Use your cell phone and save! A can of soda was $ 4.00. So imagine our surprise to see a $ 120 charge on our bill at checkout. When I disputed the charge I was informed that the hotel charges a $20 resort fee per day. When I inquired as to what the Resort fee covers I was told it was for the internet in the room, ( $13 a day ) the turn down service and newspaper ,( usualy a no charge amenity in resorts ) the gym ,( free at most hotels) the spa, ( also not free )and the shuttle to the airport, ( we rented a car). We were not informed of this charge at check in and only after jumping up and down and a trip to the manager were we able to get it removed from the bill.Overall:Red Rock is a very nice Resort and its location away from the strip is very relaxing and picturesque. Its also one of the only hotels where you don't have to go through the casino to access the elevators to your room.That said the front desk has some training issues in customer service and the hotel needs a course in business ethics. If these issues were addressed, only then would I return.	
Jan 19 2007 	Pretty on the outside lacking on the inside	Stayed for 3 days as part of a conference. The hotel looks great. Kind of like W Hotels meet the dessert. However while it looked great, the resort failed to deliver on the following items:1) lightbulb missing in floor lamp for duration of my stay2) bath robe missing upon check in3) cold water faucet fell off in my hand4) on day 2 housekeeping never came - had to call to complain at 5 pm5) mysterious and &quot;mandatory&quot; $20 resort fee not told about at checkin6) annoying $2/day maid &quot;gratuity&quot;7) no turn down service the first 2 nights of my stay8) construction noise that awoke me every morning at 6 amI resent having to pay a &quot;resort fee&quot; and &quot;maid gratuity&quot;. Apparently you don't pay your maids enough? And I never had time to take advantage of the free shoe shine, gym or free newspaper that were part of my &quot;resort fee&quot;. And the turndown service, which was also part of my resort fee, was only given to me one night. Charge more for the room if you have to but a &quot;resort fee&quot; is an unnecessary annoyance. What happened to customer service and just doing what guests expect?While all problems were handled, I had to wrangle my satisfaction out of the front desk staff, which appear to have been hardened by other unhappy guests. They were well-rehearsed in how to handle guest objections.The most pleasant staff to deal with were the housekeepers (despite overlooking cleaning my room one day) and the concierge (all very professional).Convention services staff did try hard. Food service was well above average for a convention hotel. However, meals were not timed well and some people received their entrees when others had finished. Water replenishment during seminars was frequently noisy. Yet the convention staff were very responsive and accommodating, if not always able to anticipate the needs of our group.All in all, I would not return nor can I recommend the property. Too many details overlooked, and too far from the strip for supplementary entertainment. At $220/night, I would much rather pay $300/night at another property I love on the strip and be done with all of the petty extra charges.Looks good, but doesn't deliver for the price paid.	
Jan 17 2007	Recommend absolutely	Our first time in Las Vegas, Red Rock casino was perfect for a weekend getaway. The rooms are spacious, clean and well-appointed with a flat-screen TV, Bose radio, down comforters and plush beds. The decor is dramatic with red-tinted lobby glass, red curtains, and red rock. Our room overlooked the red rock canyons(and some ongoing construction). Overall pleasing and a relaxing alternative to the frenetic Strip.  I'd strongly recommend renting a car; the Strip is an easy 20 minute drive away, the Red Rock Canyons are 10 minutes away, airport 20 minutes. Initially, we took taxis but this quickly became prohibitively expensive; r/t Strip about $80. Waiting for the valet is about 15 minutes; parking free.  The service is impeccable. The concierge was helpful in obtaining tickets to Cirque de Soleil's Zumanity(essentially a cabaret) and dinner reservations @ Mandalay Bay's Mix.  The restaurants are adequate and reasonably priced ~$40/lunch for two. We particularly liked the Tides Oyster Bar - recommend the gumbo. The spa is busy; reserve ahead. I had a manicure and body polish that was okay though nothing spectacular.  As this was January, the weather was in the 50s and hence, the gorgeous pool with canopied beds was left woefully unused.  Compared to some of the casinos on the Strip e.g. Mandalay Bay, Caeser's, this casino was much quieter, less smoky, and well, cleaner. Though construction is still ongoing @ the periphery, the room was well-insulated and the resort appears mostly finished.  Also recommend the Red Rock Canyons, doable hikes at every skill level. Also offered rock climbing, mountain biking, road biking which we'll try on our next visit. Completely reasonable prices and well worth it.	
Jan 15 2007 	Service has mostly improved.	This was my second stay at (and second review of) this hotel six months after my first stay. The standard room at this hotel is the best of the many 4 and 5 star resorts in the LV area, with the possible exception of THEHotel at Mandalay, and in some particulars I like it better than THEHotel, particularly the decor.  My only complaints in the last review concerned the overall unprofessional/untrained service personnel and so-so restaurant choices. The restaurant choices are the same, although the service has improved immensely in restaurants, as well as service from the front desk, valet and bell service. Everyone was friendly and efficient. I really appreciated the bellman who brought my bags in from the car waiting for me while I checked in and going up to the room with me, so I didn't have to ring down and wait for my bags to come up.  I stayed in one of the more recently completed rooms. I should note, depending on the location of your room, the hallways are very long. It was quite a trek from the elevators to my room about midway down the hall. Rooms at the end of the hall should be for marathon runners! The only remaining problem service-wise is housekeeping. They are obviously short-staffed leading to careless cleaning. On this occasion, I checked in very late (almost midnight.) I first noticed a half empty gooey bottle of bath gel on the floor outside the bathroom. A robe, hanging on a hook in the bath was obviously used by a woman who was still of childbearing age if you get my drift. Grossed me out. During my three night visit, I noticed trash not emptied and either careless vacuuming or no vacuuming.Other than the housekeeping issues, I love this hotel, especially the luxurious and spacious rooms. For the price you can't go wrong if you don't mind staying away from the strip, and plan to spend most of your time at the hotel where you are staying.	
Dec 29 2006 	Red Rock---- Very Service oriented	We have stayed at the Red Rock 3 times now and are going again in a week. We find the Red Rock very service oriented. Housekeeping attentive to our needs. Room service timely and the staff in general very gracious. Used their business facilities and that was without incident. The hotel itself is very comfortable and cozy.(they have mink pillows for the couch!) The dinning is quite varied although I would not make a special trip for it. The noise factor which earlier may have been a problem seems to have ended.	
Dec 28 2006 	a cool alternative to staying on the strip	My husband and I spent three nights at Red Rock in mid-December. We had a rental car since we had just returned from a four night stay at the wonderful Red Mountain Spa in St. George, Utah. As we drove up, we didn't see any spaces designated for unloading luggage if we wanted to self-park, so we just tried to pull as far away from the other vehicles, but remain close enough to easily transport the luggage inside. Almost immediately a uniformed attendant came over, and I was expecting some admonishment to move, but instead she told us we could park behind the limousines and unload. A very nice bell man stood with me and chatted amiably about various celebrities that have stayed at the hotel while my husband parked the car. The bellman seemed to even still be wowed by the room as he showed us the large flat panel television in the huge bedroom and the second television above the massive bathtub. The suite is done in what's probably currently called &quot;Palm Springs Cool&quot;. Luscious chocolate brown walls, including brown leather in the bathroom, crisp white linens, and punches of lime green make for a feeling of old Hollywood glamour. There are plenty of lights (recessed, pin point swing arm lamps, and table lamps). A beautiful glass mosaic done in reds, greens, browns, and coppers hangs above the bed.The bed has lots of pillows and nice quality sheets and a down comforter. The shampoo, conditioner, and lotion I think were made by Essentiel Elements, and the scent is very pleasant.One of the very best aspects of staying here is that you can leave and return to your room without having to go through the casino. It's a breeze to park in the garage and then just walk to the elevators which are down a short hallway, making the hotel seem even more separated from the casino. But the hallways are not just passages to get to the room; they are vibrantly decorated as well. My husband wasn't too keen on going to Las Vegas, but even he kept saying how impressed he was with how clean and how attractive all of Red Rock was.The front desk staff was perfectly pleasant, and we didn't experience any service difficulties. However, the walls do appear to be disappointingly thin, and there was a family of who-knows-how-many children across from us, and the children screamed day and night. Mercifully they were only there the last night we were, but still it was very annoying. What on earth were they going to do at Red Rock in December? The pool isn't open, and surely if they were going to a movie, they could have chosen a Courtyard Marriot or something. It was obvious that they were having a hard time amusing them.I was also very, very disappointed that the spa and gym area closes at 8:00 p.m. This early closing seems bizarre for a city with late night hours like Las Vegas! I like to walk on a treadmill in the evening, about 9:00 or 10:00, and I've done that in many cities far smaller and less nighttime-focused than Las Vegas. It was especially aggravating since the $19 per day resort fee is supposed to cover entrance to these places. I can understand why it might be unreasonable to expect to get a facial at 10:00, but to just be able to use the exercise equipment, the access should extend much later than 8:00!Red Rock is just off I-215 (I think that's the correct number) and on Charleston Blvd. Just across the street are several restaurants and shops, and even further down Charleston are restaurants like The Cheesecake Factory and Claim Jumper. So, if you didn't want to go to the strip, you wouldn't have to. We drove to the strip every day, and it wasn't a nuisance at all.We didn't hear any construction noise, even though we could see the construction of the second tower from our room. We ate in the Cafe the first night, and service was spectacularly poor. It was strange because our server, a woman in her late 50s I would guess, was very sweet on that rare occasion when she would remember to come to our table. There was a woman walking throughout the restaurant shouting about the availability of some game that the restaurant patrons could play. The yelling got old very quickly. We eat at the original Salt Lick often, so we were looking forward to seeing how the Las Vegas one compared. The bread was very dry, but otherwise all seemed the same.We would definitely go back to Red Rock again, but I hope that management sees fit to make the exercise equipment available later in the evening.	
Dec 28 2006 	Mixed Bag	Lets start with the positiveBeautiful roomsFriendly StaffBeautiful locationFabulous poolGood Casino WaitressesGreat dealersPet FriendlyThe fitness room (best one I've ever been in)And now, the minuses. The free shuttle service to the airport runs only from 7am to 7pm, and leaves the hotel every other hour. If you have a flight before 8:30am or after 8pm, or during one of their 'off' times, you are pretty much SOL. Their Escalade car service (not even a limo or towncar) is $70 +tax&amp;tip. They don't care that you paid a $20 &quot;resort fee&quot; for the shuttle. The comps [--]. After playing thousands of dollars over 3 nights, we earned about $6 in comps. Sure, you can beg a pit boss for more, but chances are slim to none in getting them. It doesn't matter if you are a local or a tourist. The club &quot;Cherry&quot; was incredibly loud when we were there. We had a room on one of the top 5 floors, a room we paid extra money for, and we were kept up by the stupid club. And keep in mind that it goes until 4am. Bring ear plugs. Maid Service. Of the 5 visits they should have made, only one was done without having to call and beg for service. Even with the 'maid service' light on for 5 hours straight, we still had to call for service on numerous occasions. Right now, the hot tubs are broken and the pool is not really heated (even though it's supposed to be). There was one smaller kiddie sized pool that was heated and the fitness room pool was also heated. Resort Fee is $19.95 a night. While it's supposed to include comp airport shuttle (see above), comp strip shuttle, free shoe shine, newspaper, and pool usage, it's a rip-off. Just raise the rate $20 a night and include those things. **Because of the good location for visiting the people I went there to see, the absolute pet friendliness, and the proximity to good casual dining (PF Chang's, Bj's Pizza, Cheesecake Factory, and several grocery stores are all nearby), I would stay there again. However, I would demand a strip view room so that I wouldn't be kept up all night again. These are the cheaper rooms, but being kept up with bass until 4am is not acceptable.	
Nov 26 2006 	Red Rock ROCKS!	From the moment we arrived at the resort I knew going to the strip would be hard. The exterior is awesome as well as the inside. Red Rock has a modern aura and it works!We were privy to the VIP lounge. The signature suite was fabulous w/ a full view of the pool and a scenic view of the canyons. CASINOS ~ Very well lit unlike the Venetain and the Aladdin. It was even better lit than the Bellagio. Low demonination tables were also a plus. They had a BIngo room too.RESTAURANTS ~ Thanksgiving week Red Rock offered cheap dishes at each of the casual dining restaurants. We took advantage of them. Each low priced dish earned 2 thumbs up. 'Salt Lick BBQ' was delicious. Their BBQ sauce is VERY GOOD. I had smoked turkey 3 times during our stay and the pecan pie EVERY DAY. It was that good. The smoked ribs were good also. 'Grand Cafe' was also tasty. We ate their $1.99 and .99 cent breakfast every chance we could . 'Feast Buffet' far exceeds the over rated Spice Market buffet @ the Aladdin. We ordered breakfast in 1 day and the service was quick and the breakfast yummy.XTRAS ~ a full Regal Cinema, an arcade, KidsQuest ( a place were parents and drop their children), a food court and the cabanas makes me wonder why anyone would stay on the strip.SERVICE ~ Prompt, professional and with a smile. Thanks to Red Rocks Concierge ~ she got us great seats for the O show and booked us on a horseback riding tour of Red Rock Canyon. When you go to the web site click on 'spas', then click on 'adventure spa' for all the cool stuff you can do. Maintenance came up quickly for 1 of the 2 42 &quot; plasmas ( it was just unplugged LOL!). Loved the VIP lounge. We dropped by constantly for the beverages and kept some in our frig beneath our wet bar.A lot of reviews mention the construction ~ it didn't phase us. Thanks goodness for shopping complex near by. My husband and son were able to walk over to Best Buy to get a charger for our camera.Here's a tip ~ when you're in your room and housekeeping knocks yell out that you're coming to the door OR keep the latch on it. They are a bit quick at entering.We did use 1 day for the strip. The O show @ the Bellagio was EXCELLENT! Also good were watching Bellagio's water fountains. This is the ONLY place I would stay. It was our first time in Vegas but when you strike gold why try anywhere else.We got a cab ride back from the strip for $30. He made a left up Flamingo Rd. and breezed us back to Red Rock.	
Nov 19 2006	Red Rock should offer better gambling to attract people	We didn't stay at Red Rock but spent a November day there gambling. The place was lovely, clean and inviting. BUT.........the slots were very tight. You would think they could offer better gambling to people since the place is so far out of town, kind of like what Green Valley Ranch did a few years ago: looser slots to make your trip worthwhile. Well, OUR trip was certainly NOT worthwhile. The machines just gobbled our money , we got very little play and never saw a cocktail waitress. No wonder the casino was just about empty. Heck, I can gamble on the strip to lose money....I don't have to drive a half hour through traffic to lose money!	
Nov 16 2006 	Fantastic Experience	We booked the Red Rock Casino and Spa for a 4 day birthday weekend in early November and were impressed with everything we encountered.In booking the trip months before the concierge was very attentive and did everthing she could to arrange everything we needed prior to arriving.When our plane landed I don't know if it was incredible luck or fantastic service but the shuttle from Red Rock was waiting outside to pick us up within minutes of landing! The driver was wonderful and funny. The inside of the shuttle was very nice and gave us a great frist impression of the property.I will say, pulling up to the hotel side was a bit of a let down due to the construction. I sort of wish the shuttle had driven past the front of the property first...the view from the front far exceeds the view from the back. I know this will improve when construction ends but that won't be for quite some time.Check in was a breeze for us and I loved the fact that since this resort is off strip you don't have the hustle of gawkers getting in the way of checking in or requesting things from the concierge. The room...amazing! can't say more than anyone else has said but loved the beds and the linens...all very well done in fabrics that set a relaxing tone for the weekend. Little details were everywhere you looked. I was thrilled with the fact that turn down service included turning our stereo to a wonderful jazz station, turning down the bed, and even leaving a note about what the weather would be like the next day...including what time the sun would rise and set!!!The construction for us was not a huge concern, maybe we just arrived on a slow time, yes there was a crane blocking our view of the strip but honestly, it was very hazy, and if you want a view of the strip, stay on the strip!Ate dinner at the buffet every morning..it's a buffet. Food was okay but our service on Friday morning was top notch. Our waitress gave us great recommendations and little hints about the hotel. Went to Terra Rosa for dinner Saturday night...highly recommend it, and make use of the staff in regards to the wine list, very knowledgeable.Spend time exploring alll of the property...the pool area is awesome and all sort of great places to people watch on the weekends. Tbones has a fantastic outdoor fire pit and bar area that was a wonderful cozy place for intimate conversation with new friends.Our entire experience was top notch...I am thrilled with our stay and cannot wait to go back. Awesome staff, great service, and a entire hotel there for whatever we needed!	
Nov 14 2006	Truly Beautiful and Deluxe - almost perfect	We arrived on a Saturday afternoon and found the lobby well designed, airy and open. There's a Starbucks in the lobby AND in the casino - good thinking.Our room was lovely, Very tasteful, muted beiges and browns, large but impractical rectangular bathtub, leather walls in parts. Flat screen TV. The awesome canyon view was unlike anything on the strip, and watching the sun rise over the red rocks was worth rising early (or staying up very late!). And the bed was extremely comfortable, not too firm, with ultra-comfortable sheets.Sunday morning we ate at TIDES oyster bar in the casino ordering: a dozen little neck clams, a cold lobster appetizer, and a lobster roll. The clams were fresh and served with cocktail sauce and horseradish just the way I like. But the cold lobster, while fresh and properly steamed, was quite good, but not awesome. Plus the large claws and tail were fine, but the small claws tasted like vinegar. The lobster roll was fine but not great. And the coleslaw was awful. I would recommend the restaurant with qualifications.We hiked RedRock Canyon and found it a great diversion and change of pace from the smoke and gambling - right nearby.The crowd in the casino and bars appeared to be split between locals and guests and between young and old.The spa was upscale and full-service, but arriving at 6:30PM meant going in the dark - like a dimly lit restaurant. Different. But unlike all other Vegas hotels I know there was no charge. And there were plenty of machines and weights. Very nice.The pool was large and I was told open year-round and the pool-beds - something I have never before seen - were great!Construction started at 9AM and was very annoying; but it gave me an excuse to leave the room early. This is the first of my 2 complaints. The second is that service is attentive and generally efficient, but not polished like a 5-star resort. Station Casinos is a mid-level chain and they have done their best with the employees but haven't trained them to give Bellagio-class service, even if the rooms and amenities are BellagioPLUS class. Room service took 60 minutes at 3AM.The casino was airy and very pleasant with lots of choices of slots and table games. Plus there were two other casinos nearby (Suncoast and Rampart) for a change of pace since I didn't want to go all the way to the strip.I loved this place - the perfect combination of remote and mellow while still being hip and lively when needed. I am willing to live with the not-so-refined but adequate service, and the daytime construction noise, and will be back next month. This surpasses the Wynn as my new favorite place to stay, party, relax, AND gamble in Vegas.	
Nov 11 2006 	Know Before You Go!	We went to this Resort after reading and understanding what to expect. Yes, it is true that the Resort is in a phase to complete the second half of it's room capacity. Yes, it is also true that you can expect construction noises as early as 7AM, temporary walls, black plastic partitions at the end of your floor, and workers on scaffolds. Construction on the rooms and Spa is planned for completion by July of 2007. This could all be a disappointment if you went to the resort to sit and watch the plasma screen in your room. We went to see Red Rock Canyon, Mt. Charleston, the Valley of Fire, see Shows on the Strip and as many hotels as we could, and of course use the on premise Spa every day. The on site Night Club Cherry is Co-owned by Geo Clooney (who is often spotted there) and is complete with a clothing optional outdoor pool/deck only accessible through the 10PM opening nightclub. The beds were superb as was the service, but keep in mind that even though this resort is 15 -20 from the Strip, it is still Vegas and 'tips' keep things moving, create opportunities, and increases your learning curve of the property. I learned that by the second week in November, every year, Las Vegas lays off approximately 30% of its workforce. Keep it all in stride when you order drinks at the pool and it takes awhile to get service. This is truly a beautiful property, admitted by management to have some flaws, but a pleasant experience for a traveller who demands a smoke-free room. Some rooms may have a door to make an adjoining room accessible for perhaps a family. If you are travelling alone and don't want to hear the next room's conversation, ask to be moved to a different room.	
Nov 10 2006 	The Casino is Great!	What can I say? We left after 3 days a winner so we thought that was just dandy and paid for our trip. The odds on their machines were not all that good compared to the Strip but odds don't matter much if you win.We were knocked out by this Hotel Casino. Very much different than the Strip Hotels and all the crowds. We will definitely be back.	
Oct 19 2006 	This place needs major help	We booked a 3 night stay for a girls weekend. Ended up paying around $400/night and spent around $700 in spa treatments. First issue came with the &quot;shuttle&quot;. It runs at the most bizzare hours (last to the Strip is 3pm, last home from the strip 7pm, last from the airport 5pm). If you don't make a shuttle you end up taking a cab and spending around $50. The next issue came with the fact that they are still building the second tower and there are ribrations and excessive noise through out the day that makes utilizing the room almost impossible. When the issue was given to the front desk, they said that they would be able to move us the following day (it was currently after 3pm that day) and I would be notified when it was available. I was NEVER notified and had to seek out information all day (10am, noon and 3pm) to the point that we finally went to dinner and were moved to the new room at 10pm! That didn't help since the whole reason for the move was to be able to use the room during the day without the horribly annoying noise. I DO NOT recommend this property what so ever. Stay on the strip and save yourself a headache.	
Oct 17 2006	Gorgeous First Class Hotel but only half done	First let me say that this is a gorgeous hotel. If you like contemporary, hip surroundings, this is a wonderful choice. The major drawbacks are: #1 As of Oct. 06, they are still building what looks like the other half of the hotel. Construction begins at 7am (not 9 as I was told by the front desk), goes until 5 and is LOUD! Imagine drilling that rattles the building! They originally put us in a room at the end of the hall (the next half of the hallway was visqueened (plastic) off). When I complained they moved us closer to the elevators but you could still hear the drilling and hammering during the day. Our last morning, they hit the hot water pipes so no shower to be had. Typical construction issues.#2 You are WAAAYYY out there! It's a $35-$40 cab fare to the strip. Not convenient if you want to go into town for an evening's dinner or show.Other than that, they have really done a nice job with the details. Beautiful contemporary furnishings and bathroom. Comfy beds. Besides the construction, noise level from other guests is low (except maybe from adjoining doors). Fresh Flowers everywhere.Fun pool. Hip bars (I think one is a Randy Gerber club) Great restaurants. Helpful, friendly staff.The casino is not smokey yet but who knows what will happen when they get more business We ate at TBones and had a wonderful steak for dinner. Lots of places to hang out and people watch.A nice touch is that the spa facilities and gym are incuded in your resort fee even if you are not having a treatment that day. BEAUTIFUL spa!All in all a good choice if you want a lower key Vegas experience...................when the expansion is completed.	
Oct 12 2006	Major Customer Service Issues	We live about 2 miles from Red Rock and nothing has changed since it opened. You can get much better service from McDonalds or Berger King. From day one this place has lacked service. We went to Salt Lick and then T-Bones and still didn't get dinner. Salt Lick couldn't remember what we ordered and we never were seated at T-Bones we ended up at Cheesecake Factory and Kona Grill down the road. Skip Red Rock for dinner.	
Oct 6 2006 	Very Classy 	We recently spent 6 days at Red Rock. We are not gamblers or smokers so Vegas was not our first choice of places to visit but we had to go for business reasons.We arrived on Saturday night. When we first went to our &quot;non smoking room&quot; it was very smokey smelling. Since it was late and we were tired we didn't complain. The next morning the maid apparantly spayed the room to try to clean it and it was better. We walked through the casino to find a restaurant and it was very very smokey and very crowded. My first impression was not good. I do have to say that things got better after that. It seems like Saturday night is the busiest night with the smoke and noise. The rest of the week we hardly noticed it.ROOMS:The rooms are big and comfy. The decor is very relaxing and we had a great view of the pool and the mountains in the background. Don't be fooled by the pictures on the website because you can see the mountains but they aren't as close as they look on the website. The pool area looks great at night when it's all lite up and it closes early so we didn't get any noise. The beds are very comfy (even better than the famous 4 Seasons beds) complete with lots of pillows and down duvets. The bathroom is amazing with the deep soaker tub and tv.SPA:Most people don't realize that the spa has many free things for the hotels guests. The exercise room with lots of very good equipment and a boxing ring, lockers and showers, a lap pool, hot tub/whirlpool, cold pool, sauna, fruit, juices and water. Even if you don't want to use the equipment, it's worth it to go and see the beautiful decor.FOOD:We ate at all the restaurants (except the buffet) and they were very good. The swordfish at Terra Rosa is the best.SERVICE:95% of the staff were very accommodating and friendly. The pool staff, front desk staff, houskeeping and spa staff were great. 2 out of the 3 people working at the conseiger(sp?) desk weren't very helpful. Maybe you have to tip largely to get them to look up the info you want. If they didn't have an answer they just said they didn't know. Usually, they offer to find out for you but not here.POOL:On the weekend the pool area had a lot of kids (during the week it was very quiet). Most of the pool furniture is not adjustable and is comfy for laying down but not for sitting up and reading. They have round beds around the pool which you can use for free but the square ones you have to pay for. Most people found it a little confusing which areas were free and which you had to reserve and pay for. Ask the pool staff on your first day because there is a small area with adjustable loungers that are free.LOCATION:If you are a gambler and want to spend a lot of time on the strip this is not the place for you because it takes 1/2 hour to get to the strip. If you want a relaxing place away from the strip this is the perfect location. We loved the location because it was only 2 miles away from Red Rock canyon (cycling is great there). You feel like you are at an relaxing mountain retreat instead of in the middle of the hustle and bustle and bright lights of Vegas. This will appeal to some and be a turn off for others.CONSTRUCTION:Still a lot going on but the noise never bothered us. They were working on the other side of the pool while we were sitting out there and it was fine.OTHER TIPS:If you want to go to the outlet mall. Take the hotel shuttle to the airport, then a taxi to the mall ($12.00). This will take you about 35 minutes total from the hotel. If you take the shuttle to Fashion Mall, then the bus to the outlet mall, you will have to tranfer at the bus station and it took me 2 hours to get from the hotel to the outlet mall. Overall, I loved Red Rock and would love to return.	
Oct 4 2006 	Spectacular	We decided to try the new Red Rock Resort in Vegas as we got an offer for 2 free nights. It far surpassed our expectations for a resort of this price. The rooms were huge as was the bathroom, complete with two sinks. Beautiful décor and spotlessly clean. The beds were wonderful, rooms quiet, lighting was good and the Plasma TV was a fun touch. We liked the lay out of the property and found it easy to get around. Not always the case in a huge resort. Places were well marked and nothing seemed too far. The pool area is spectacular. We visited with one of the Security men in the pool area and found that a lot of Movie Stars are visiting RR these days and staying in the $10,000 a day suites. For you casino lovers this is the nicest casino I’ve ever been in, and I’ve been in a lot. All the machines are the table type and the chairs are adjustable to different heights. All spanking new and clean. The casino was well laid out also. The smoke was a non issue as the ventilation was very good. With just a two day visit we didn’t even begin to explore it all. My husband and I take walkie talkie’s with us when we go to casinos. You can get a cheap pair at Radio Shack and they are perfect. We may use them at the mall also…We can always find each other that way. We are not food connoisseurs and don’t require fancy meals. The coffee shop was wonderful, with a lot of good selections and the Feast buffet good as always. They have two Starbucks for the coffee crowd and although there were no coffee pots in the rooms, (that I missed) one of the Starbucks was right in the lobby so you could go down and get a cup and bring it back to the room to sip while you dressed. The room lay out is different. Each two rooms have a separate small hallway. Very nice and a classy touch. If you can afford it and don’t like the noise and confusion of the strip a definitely great place to stay. We found the staff to be helpful, polite, and well informed. The cleaning lady was really sweet and asked if I liked the soap and spa items in the room. When I said yes she gave me an entire set to take home.It took only 20 min. from the airport to the resort. They sent a Limo for us which was fun….	
Oct 3 2006	The perfect getaway!	I stayed three days at this beautiful new hotel property. It is lovely, the rooms are spacious, the view is spectacular. You can spend a few days here and go nowhere else!The room: comfortable beds with lots of pillows. 42&quot; plasma tv in the wall. View of mountains....breathtaking. The bath: Lovely marble, huge &quot;soaking&quot; tub, separate shower and toilet facilities. Bathrobes and slippers! A hair dryer and a scale! A small extendable TV over the tub!The hotel: Beautiful contemporary decor. Hotel has a full service spa, 16-screen movie theaters, casino, many restaurants (all price ranges), beautiful pool area, and very pleasant and accomodating staff.Location: This hotel is outside of the strip area toward the mountains, but even with traffic under half hour to strip. They also have shuttle service to the strip and the airport. For a traveller who has been to Vegas many times and wants some place to relax and still have the Vegas fun...this is the place.The Red Rock also houses a conference center for large meetings, but I did not investigate this.I am told it is the most expensive hotel ever built off the strip. It is really lovely.....I hope to go again!	
Sep 11 2006	Beautiful Hotel	I agree with the other reviews on this site, This property has the potential to be a top notch resort.... IF they IMPROVE their service.My husband and I were also continually amazed at the lack of service. The small things.., PENS with chits at the restaurants. We always had to wait an extra 10 minutes no matter what restaurant, bar we went to, for the server to come back with a pen. When I asked, I was told they have a lot of locals come to the resort and so to prevent walk outs and forgeries, they don't bring a pen right away.......huh???? Seems to me, the first line in the greeting should be &quot;Good Afternoon, Evening, are you guests at the resort? If so may I have your room key to verify? They do that to verify your entry to the pool, don't see why that wouldn't work at the restaurtants and bars.As for housekeeping, don't get me started. Yes they made the bed and replaced the towels. But again, that was it. Didn't throw out the used coffee cups(from Starbucks) or replace the water glasses in the bathroom or replace the broken ice bucket. No turndown service at all, one night they did leave chocolate on the dresser, didn't turn down the bed tho!!! And we left a tip for our housekeeper the first day! It is that kind of stuff that keeps this property from being rated higher. Hopefully, they will fix it . The dealers were great, they were very friendly and made you feel welcome.	
Sep 4 2006 	Swanky Playground of Fun	Holy Moly! What a spectacular resort. We've stayed in a dozen of the top properties over the years, and this is hands down our favorite. You couldn't possibly design a more awesome place.My parents would probably prefer more old fashioned opulence, but for us younger folk this place is the most swanky and full of fun playground (day or night) we could possibly dream up. We were non stop blown away by its modern stylings, granduer, beautiful details in ever aspect, eagerly friendly individual service, great variety of the best cuisine, convenience (didn't experience any lines ever), and value (eg. the Wynn charged us $25 to use the crowded fitness center, here it was free - and empty save the eager to serve and friendly staff). We also absolutely love the wafting chill out tunes that carry us around, and make gazing at all the tasteful art, color, architecture and aesthetics so much richer. For us, to be part of the herds at the largest strip properties and wait in line for everything is not fun. We're slots players, and the payouts are better off-strip anyway. So, we have no need to go to the strip. We'd rather resort it up with all the best of the best amenities here or hike in the canyons near this resort, than walk around the strip.The bedrooms are so lusciously designed and equiped, and the beds just engulf you in soft comfort. We didn't have any construction noises, but were a little disappointed that we could hear some noise and slamming sometimes. I thought that with the way the hallways are designed that we wouldn't (each pair of rooms have their own small hallway). But, I turn my travel sound machine on and it easily drowned out any noise.	
Sep 4 2006	Going Through Growing Pains...	My girlfriend’s family invited me to join them on a trip to Vegas over Labor Day weekend. As the patriarch is a high-roller, we generally stay at places like the Mirage, Bellagio, etc. We were going to a bat mitzvah in the North Vegas area and he was invited to try out the Red Rock in hopes of that becoming his preferred hotel. That won’t be happening anytime soon.Appearance-wise, the hotel is absolutely beautiful. It’s clean, shiny, and classy. The valet service was pretty prompt (it took a while once or twice) and generally polite. A road bump came when we didn’t see a valet beckoning us to his lane to park; when we got out, he asked us to get back in the car and move it into his lane (despite the fact that he had already come over to us and could’ve—and eventually did—taken the car from us right then and there). I found the front desk staff and concierge friendly as well. Our two rooms were great (we booked one as a comp, the other at casino rate) and always made up promptly in the morning. However, once we exited our elevator onto our floor, a musty odor greeted us every time. (I liken it to the gymnasium at an elementary school where my mother once taught). Apparently, the plumbing was still being worked on at another part of the property. We eventually adapted to the smell after a while but it was still rather unpleasant. We awoke on our first morning (at 8am) to drilling coming from the room above us. We ventured to the pool, which is a great area. There’s a fantastic poolside bar &amp; grill with decent service and great food and drinks (my girlfriend would like to recommend the shrimp wrap). The waitresses serving the sunbathers were charming and relatively prompt. There’s a fun little waterfall island in the middle of the pool which is a big hit with the kids…which brings up another observation: there are too many darn kids at the property—but not the hotel’s fault as capitalism rules :). The casino really left more to be desired. The dealers were very hit (no pun intended) or miss. Some were friendly but others were not—and really acted as though we gamblers were a burden on them. One in particular seemed to be having a bad day and was not welcoming at all. Another took a gambler’s money after he won; when the gambler called attention to this and politely asked the pit boss to come over, the dealer became very agitated with the gambler and seemed to be condemning him for becoming upset that his money was, you know, taken from him when he WON. There seems to be a major lack of cocktail waitresses; if I got my drink within 15 minutes of ordering it, it was nothing short of a small miracle. When the waitresses would drop off a drink and someone else at the table would request one, the typical answer was a curt “Uh, I’m not taking orders now—just delivering!” We played $1 slots for well over an hour and a waitress never got within 50 feet of us. On a personal note, I’ve never, ever had the bad luck that I did at this casino; I’ve never seen the dealers get more face cards than I did this past weekend. Alas, I brought it upon myself but for those of you superstitious-types, beware.	
Sep 4 2006 	Over Priced	After we arrived I knew there was a $19.95 fee above the over priced rooms. As I checked in they told me i need a credit card for my week stay. I had paided in advance. Then they added $1050.00( yes onethousandfifty) to the price of my room. My Credit card has a limit of $1000.00 a day and I had just been hit at the airport for $303.00 above and beyond what I had already paid for the car. So I had to give the hotel $1050.00 in CASH to stay in a room that had been paid for in March of 06. This hurt. Then being I was on my honeymoon The hotel has no concern of who they put in the room next to you . Our neighbors had very small kids. I love kids BUT if we can hear them can they hear honeymooners? ( things small or any kids should hear) We had our DO not disturb light on and was in bed as the maintance man came to check a phone (it was working) they send a man to check to see if you used the over priced bar in your room once more do not disturb was on and my wife ALONE in the room and in bed. He not only came into the room but asked her what she was doing there and if she knew what time it was. WE WILL NOT BE BACK	
Sep 1 2006 	Immaculate Hotel and outstanding service	Since we play at the Station Casinos each year, we received a two-night comp opportunity at this brand new Hotel/Resort/Spa and could not resist the chance to experience the photos and reviews that we kept reading and seeing about.First of all, every detail has been consiidered for the ulitmate cusotmer service experience. Even in waiting in a short line a hotel employee would be sure to acknowledge my presence assure me my needs would be met. How ingeniousis that? Making sure to actually manage the expectations of the clients/guests.The rooms were IMMACULATELY clean and designed for total luxury and comfort. Trust me, you will not be disappointed. I specifically requested a room on the &quot;construction site&quot; after reading all the posts about the Cherry Night Club sounds. The front desk assured me that all the clubs have now been soundproofed and noise would not be a problem. I held firm and took the construction view and was not one bit disappointed. Could I hear construction? Yes, but not early in the morning and only occassionally during mid-day when dropping something off in my room. Neither did the construction impair the wondrous view of the Strip with the glorious mountain range in the backdrop.I cannot wait to return here, and may decide to come back to Las Vegas twice a year, rather than once.You will not be disappointed...feel free to email me with questions.	
Aug 22 2006	Disaster with Customer Service over Room Noise	Stayed over a Sunday-Monday and after dinner got back to the room at about 9pm. Lots of noise (music and talking) from the suite across the hall. Didn't quiet down so called for security at 10pm. They got the music turned off but was then disturbed by a very loud singing of &quot;happy birthday&quot; at 11pm. Called security again and they came up, knocking loudly on the suite's door, then knocking loudly on MY DOOR, saying that I had asked to be contacted. No, and security should never contact their complaining party just after they contact the people disturbing the peace. Secuirty came back again to knock on the suite's door and I could hear them say that thier door was open. This after more noise in the hall and visits from housekeeping and room service, all with loud voices and knocks on the door that kept me up till 4am. These rooms have door bells, yet they were not used once.Asked management for an apology from security and an explanation, but got neither.A nice facility, but TERRIBLE customer service.	
Aug 8 2006	All around excellence at Red Rock	My wife and I spent three nights at Red Rock in early August. We had a fantastic time. After reading the reviews we were a little concerned that we had not gone the &quot;safe&quot; route and stayed at the Ritz at Lake Las Vegas. After our trip, however, we could not have asked for a better off-strip experience.Briefly, the room was 5-star quality. To address the construction and noise up front, we did not hear any from our room. We specifically requested, both several days before we arrived and upon our arrival, a room by the elevator. We got a strip view room by the elevator and you could hear a pin drop at any hour of the day. From the size, to the decor, to the bathroom to the top quality bedding, everything about the room gave you the sense that this hotel was committed to getting all the details right. The service was also impeccable: twice daily housekeeping with turndown service, helpful concierge and very friendly dealers at the casino.The pool was great. This was the only place we heard construction noise, and it was little more than background noise. The chairs in the water are very nice and the lounge mattresses are the great. You do have to get their early to get one, but the pool doesn't open until 9am. My wife and I got there at about 9:15 on a saturday and had our choice of loung mattresses and chairs. The cabanas looked very nice and, had we been spending a whole day at the pool, we would have considered renting one.The Casino is very nice. I am not a big gambler and this casino was very approachable. Bright, not too smokey and everyone from the dealer to the pit boss was friendly.The restaurants were also great. We ate at terra rosa, which was excellent. We had a late lunch at the Tides, also great, and had very enjoyable breakfasts lunches at the Grande Cafe. I also recommend Rosemary's, a zagat rated place about 2 miles from the hotel. You would have no idea it was there if you weren't looking for it. But its wine list and food is great. We had a $400 dinner that the Paris on Saturday night and it was far exceeded by our $150 dinner at Rosemary's on Sunday. Finally, the spa was world class. My wife had a couple of the treatments designed for pregnant women and was very impressed. I used their gym facility (including in the resort fee) and it was great. I am a gym rat, especially on vacations, and this fitness center ranks among the best resort fitness centers I have been seen or used.The only problem with the hotel that we experienced was that the pool closed too early -- pretty minor considereing the positives. Also, the hotel is truly off the strip -- about a 20-40 minute drive depending on traffic. This was a real plus for my wife and me as we were not interested in drinking 1/2 yard margaritas as 2 in the morning. But if you want to party late into the night or hop back and forth between the strip and your room, this hotel is probably not the right pick for you. To summarize, we loved this place. My wife stayed at Ceasers a few months back and Red Rock made it seem like a Days Inn. We could not have been happier.	
Jul 24 2006 	Spectacular Red Rocks	The Red Rock Hotel and Spa in Las Vegas is a relatively new property with some growing pains still in evidence. Having said that, when the shakedown cruise and construction is complete, I think it will be spectacular.First all guest spaces and rooms are beautifully appointed and not in a fabulous, glitter, I wish I was somewhere else kind of way (Venetian, Paris etc) but rather very high style. I liked the appointments and thought the king size bed was one of the best I have ever had in a hotel. The bathroom appointments were great. My partner is currently traveling with a broken foot -- his foot is in an immobilizer not a cast. On a lark, he decided to call to see if they had a shower chair. They did! It was a proper chair, not something designed for some other purpose.The restaurants are very nice, with huge portions. Nothing is really very high end except for T Bones, but we did enjoy a late night nosh at Tides, lunch at Salt Lick BBQ and breakfasts at the Grand Cafe. All meals were very good.The casino is huge and stretches with the restaurants and night clubs along the edges. At the far end, there is a 16-screen Cineplex -- what a nice thing in a hotel. I love movies, but too bad I didn't have time.The pool area is spectacular. I enjoyed the chaise lounges that are set up in the wading part of the pool. The downs:Construction noise during the day! Really annoying.They don't have rooms waiting for people with reservations. We arrived after check in time with a reservation and were asked to wait for an indeterminate amount of time. After an hour, we demanded a room immediately and compensation. We got both -- so at least it was handled well.Generally, a very nice experience. The good / bad thing is that you are 45 minutes (or so) from the Strip. We went to shows at Caesars and Mirage -- so we had to make the long trip, but it was fine.	
Jul 14 2006	Fun Exciting Unique Resort!	The hotel is awesome, complete with plasma tvs. The casino is state of the art, with massive digital screens in the sportsbook, like a movie theater. The poker room is one of the best in the city, as is the spa.Red Rock is clearly a top 5 property in all of Las Vegas, and if you are planning on doing any outdoor activities at Red Rock Canyon (hiking, biking, etc.), Red Rock Resort is very close.Finally, like strip properties, if you can stay during the week, the room rates are substancially lower then the weekends.	
Jul 12 2006	It's A Long Long Long Way to Go	My wife and I decided upon Las Vegas for our short honeymoon weekend June 30 to July 3, 2006. We visit Las Vegas 3 or 4 times a year, usually staying on &quot;the strip.&quot; We had booked our Red Rock Casino, Resort &amp; Spa &quot;Canyon View Room, with King size bed&quot;, in January of 2006, wanting a non-traditional Vegas property for our weekend get-away. Overall, our experience was good, but it could have been a lot better! We have two major complaints: 1. When we booked the room in January, we told room reservations that our flight would be a late arrival from British Columbia. We also called reservations a few days before our arrival to confirm that we'd be arriving around midnight or thereabouts. Needless to say, we were not impressed when we arrived at the Red Rock Casino at midnight Friday night, only to be told that there were no Canyon View rooms available, and we were further disappointed when we were given a Strip View room with a crane right in front of our window. At 7:15 am Saturday morning (a mere 4 hours after we went to bed), the construction began and it sounded as though the workmen were coming through our ceiling and into our room. Horrible way to wake up on our honeymoon and first night in Las Vegas. 2. Our second area of concern is the spa. We had booked a spa treatment, including massage, for 11:30 am Saturday morning. While I thoroughly enjoyed my deep tissue massage, my wife found her massage to be &quot;average&quot; at best. We both agreed that the massages were very overpriced (bill came to $465 USD), and the fact that they added a 15% gratuity to our bill &quot;for our convenience&quot; was not appreciated. I tipped my massage therapist with cash and, quite frankly, it resulted in her getting a very large tip, while my wife would have preferred to give her massage therapist a smaller tip than 15%. And yes, I too heard people on the casino floor discussing how they could sneak in and use the &quot;hotel guests only pool area&quot; despite the fact they were not staying at the Red Rock Casino.Otherwise we enjoyed our stay. The hotel room was a very nicely appointed room, with very comfortable King size bed, nice washroom and 42 inch plasma television. Quite frankly, a lot nicer room for $159 per night than the Bellagio or Caesar's Palace rooms I have stayed at in the past at significantly higher prices. The casino area is nice, the buffet good, and the shopping mall across the street appreciated. I also note that there was no construction Sunday or Monday morning and in response to our complaint about the Saturday morning construction, Red Rock management gave us each a free breakfast buffet. Obviously, I would have preferred a refund of the cost of a night's accomodation. The Red Rock Casino does not have a honeymoon package or any other type of honeymoon promotion, which surprised us.One final note and a piece of advice: the &quot;strip shuttle&quot; runs only four times a day (last trip leaves Red Rock Casino for the strip at 7 pm and leaves the strip for the Red Rock Casino at 8 pm). If you fly into Vegas, make sure you either rent a car or else be prepared for $45 cab fares (one direction to/from the strip). A limo will run you anywhere from $46 to $100 (each direction) depending where you catch the limo and what company provides the limo. Overall, we enjoyed the Red Rock Casino, Resort and Spa, but it really is a long, long, long way from the strip.	
Jul 10 2006	LOVE Red Rock	While I have never stayed at Red Rock becaue I live across the street from it, I couldn't resist writing a review about the parts of it I am familiar with. The casino itself is beautiful. There are crystal chandeliers everywhere and lots of cool looking bars. As this property is not on the strip, they are not as pretentious and snobby as some of the strip locations. Also, there are many good restaurants in the resort. The Cafe has a huge selection of entrees and is open 24 hours a day. They have a 7.99 steak and shrimp special that is not even on the menu (you just have to ask for it). It is a great value for the money. There is a seafood restaurant, an italian restaurant, a steak house, which looks awesome, and a food court with Starbucks, Capriottis, Rubio's, and Fatburger. All are good selections and provide an economical choice. Red Rock also has a really nice movie theater with tons of leg room and comfy seats. If you have the opportunity and desire to escape the strip for a night or two, you CANNOT go wrong at Red Rock.	
Jul 6 2006	Got Lucky	My husband and I got &quot;lucky&quot; at Red Rock (not from gambling) because there was very little noise from the pool, Cherry or construction during our stay over the 4th of July. After reading the bad reviews about the noise disturbances at Red Rock, we were very worried. We even called the hotel in advance to request a quiet room away from Cherry and the construction. When we checked in we mentioned again our need for a quiet room, and the front desk clerk told us that they had adjusted our room to one by the elevators. That ended up being her evasive way of saying that the hotel did NOT change the location of our room because we ended up in a Canyon-view room instead of Strip-view. (We realized later that Strip-view was more desirable this time of year because you can watch the fireworks from your room.) We heard the pounding bass music from the pool area as soon as we walked into our &quot;V.I.P.&quot; room and we were directly across from Cherry with construction just overhead. I called right away to change rooms, but was given the runaround. We decided to stay in our room and hope that the music in the pool area would stop after pool hours. (Plus the hotel was sold-out that first night.) Well, the music ended at 6:00 PM and Cherry was not as loud as we anticipated. Plus there was no construction going on - may have been because of the holiday. Cherry was also closed Monday and Tuesday so that worked out even better. I think Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays may be when the music is cranked up so time your trip accordingly.Aside from the minor music issues that first afternoon, the rest of our stay was wonderful. The room was beautiful with sophisticated New York style decor, white down comforters, fluffy towels, flat screen TV's (one in the bathroom), hi-tech phones, shower plus tub, granite dual sinks, tons of space and what appeared to be leather wallpaper on the walls of the bathroom. It was one of the most comfortable rooms I have ever stayed in.We ate dinner one night at Terra Rosa. The food was good and the portions were large. Another great feature of the hotel was that it had a movie theater right on the casino floor. Since we are not gamblers, we enjoyed watching movies at the large, not crowded theaters. We also hiked at Red Rock several times - the major reason for selecting this hotel. While getting to Red Rock is convenient, driving to the Strip is not. The hotel is about 20 miles away from the Strip so we had to get a rental car. The traffic in and out of the Strip was terrible, but we made the trip several times because we wanted to eat at certain special places. We prefer to stay away from the Strip even though it is inconvenient at times.I hate to end this review on a bad note because our stay was generally great at the end of the day, but I have to warn people about the amount of kids at this hotel. You really noticed them at the pool. I would say that the pool was 80% kids. They made it impossible to go into to the pool because of their annoying games, splashing and cannon balls. Plus the pool was always crowded - we would literally get the last 2 available chairs every time we went there. I think some people at the pool were not hotel guests - not exactly strict security. I even heard a guy talk to his friend on the cell phone advising him on how to sneak in. But kids and locals are all part of Vegas, I suppose. Red Rock was still a great little getaway for me and my husband.	
Jul 5 2006	My new favorite Vegas hotel	In a word....WOW!We're Station casino &quot;boarding pass&quot; holders, so we were sent an invitation to the opening weekend but couldn't go. Seeing the photos online, we were desperately hoping they'd ask us again! When they did, we jumped at the chance to have two free nights at this property. The travel time from the strip was not bad, about 15 minutes. We always rent a car, so it wasn't a problem at all for us to come and go as we pleased. The resort itself is beautiful, there's so many simple design aspects that you don't really notice individually, but they blend together to just make a pleasing overall impression. I liked the way they used the signature color, red, as an accent without making it overwhelming. The red glass of the doors was a particularly unique touch, and I like their red limousines!We checked in around 4 pm on a thursday, there was no line. The agent was extremely friendly and competent (I'll also add here that the casino host who took our reservation over the phone was also a very nice woman who mad ethe process quick and easy). She emphasized, as had the casino host, that we would not pay the $20 resort fee because our rooms were complimentary, and we had full access to all hotel amenities. Our room was on the 10th floor, a beautiful king room with a view of the pool and the eponymous red rocks. The marble bathroom with leather tiled walls and flatscreen television over the tub was especially nice. It's always pleadant to find your room looking even better than the photos on the website, and this was one of those cases where it did.I can't comment on the restaurants, I'd heard that aside from the buffet they were not all that great, so we didn't eat there. Red Rock IS a Station casino, no matter how posh it may be, so it's going to naturally have a lot of Station casino clientele, ie: elderly people, lots of locals. As a young woman, when I was all done up for a friday night, I felt a bit conspicuous. But no big deal.I liked the pool lounges, I found them extremely comfortable and had no trouble lying on my stomach as another reviewer complained about. I really enjoyed the chairs that were in th shallow water of the pool, it was nice to be able to splash my toes in the water while I was tanning. My husband and I both had spa services, I had a therapeutic deep tissue massage and he had a facial. The spa was every bit as elegant and high-service as one would expect. I've been to the spas at the MGM, Paris and Luxor and the Red Rock beats them all hands down. My massage therapist, Jon Coats, did such a fantastic job on my problem areas of neck and sore feet (all that vegas walking) that I will go back to him on future visits no matter where I am staying in Vegas. I also said if I won big, I was going to hire him to come home with me, but that didn't work out :)The concierge was very helpful, and the doormen/valets were always pleasant and friendly as we came and went.The Sun Coast casino is only a few minutes away and access to 215 and Summerlin Parkway is quick and easy for travel to other places. We usually will stay wherever we're offered comped rooms in Vegas, so we plan to stay at the Red Rock any time they offer in the future!	
Jul 5 2006	Good vision yet not quite up and running smoothly	The decor of this hotel evoked a warm ambiance, natural feel, nice room, comfy bedding and friendly staff for the most part. Even the hallways were artistic. The pool was nice, but contained an over abundance of children running, screaming, too small a space in general for the size of the hotel. I suspect that this will be a particular problem once the hotel has completed it's additions and more people arrive. It is not adequate for the number of people it hosts. Pool side service was good, great food at the pool side grille, friendly staff at the pool area but problematic pool side chairs. Cushioned and looked nice (water proof rattan sort) but unable to adjust or recline chaise lounge. Upon arrival about 30 minutes past start of scheduled check in, we were informed that there were no rooms available with 2 queen beds or non smoking. We had booked a canyon view, 2 queen beds, non smoking which of course is typically available upon request but not necessarily guranteed as I was reminded two hours later by Majid (registration staff) when our room still was not available despite booking several months prior to the open of the hotel. We were initially advised to return in 5 minutes. We hit the food court for a beverage, returned twice in a 45 minute period and still no room. When questioned about the process and eta, we were told that housekeping had not yet cleaned the room. The staff appeared frustrated and embarassed initially. Hmm. So in short, 5 minutes turned in to us loitering in the lobby for 2 hours before they finally searched for another room after requesting for a second time to speak with a management staff. Although I want to say that Colleen was extremely helpful, empathic, understanding our frustration, the other clerk was very dismissive and simply seemed incapable of resolving the problem until the manager arrived. Ultimately a manager surfaced, killed us with what would appear kindness but quickly reminded us that roms are sometimes oversold despite booking months in advance and arriving as scheduled. When I inquired, I was informed that people are often sent to their parent hotels (other station casino) when this occurs or given whatever is available suhc as a king bed and a rollaway for the second person. We were comped for one night and given a food credit. Restaurant service was lacking in 2 of the 3 establishments we ate in. The only restaurant that seemd to have a sense of customer service and professionalism was Cabo. The food was good and plentiful.Salt Lick food was average, abundant but service was very slow, and the funniest thing was three of my friends ordered full meals with sides. The server came back with one tiny little bowl of beans. We thought they had mistakenly forgotten the other two sides of beans given that each person had ordered a complete meal and to everyone's surprise, the server informed us that the small (no exaggeration) bowl of beans was to be shared. Each person literally had two tablespoons of beans and then the manager returned with another small bowl aftre giving some thought to the presentation. Service at the other cafe consisted of wrong orders twice....how does one mess up a sandwich? Possibly explained by several versions of a menu, one old one and one amended. My friend and I had the same menu by outward appearance, but contained different items. Lots of confusion, but at no time was the staff unpleasant or rude, just not trained to make adjustments for small things like checking the order.Other problems consisted of a barking dog at 4 a.m. in the room next door. My friend and I were awakened again at 7 a.m. by same barking dog and ultimately called down to the front desk. At 8:00 a.m the next morining, we were awakened by hammering, drilling, etc. No point in complaining at that point. We just felt spent by the number of hassles. I liked the hotel itself and feel that while it has potential in the long run, the area in general is underdeveloped which basically confines you to the hotel or a long drive to the strip and I mean a long drive; also the hotel is not operating at a professional capacity equal to other 4 -5 star hotels on the strip. While the staff was typically pleasant and eager, there seemed to be an odd sense of acknowledgement and resignation that the hotel is experiencing some management issues...everyone seemed to know this. I would be curious to see how these problems get resolved in the long run (hopefully soon) or if this chaos is going to continue. I empathized greatly with the staff, but shame on management for putting these people in such a position to defend their errors. This is Las Vegas and hopefully gievn the kind of money spent on the development of such a beautiful place, I would think someone would step up and quickly correct these apparent common problems experienced by guests. Every manager we spoke to except Jessica was playing the blame game; blamed it on housekeeping being understaffed, thus unable to turn the rooms around quickly enough and explained away and almost invalidating by saying &quot;We are still working out the kinks&quot;. Although I can respect honesty and understand this to some extent, we were tired of hearing excuses. I would choose another hotel until this one has resolved whatever management, staffing, customer service, training issues it has. The management needs to know that for a hotel this far from the strip (luckily we drove), lacking so poorly in service and providing nothing special to compete with other established casinos, people will have one bad experience and not return. The rooms are pricey and given the issues we experienced, I wonder how they foresee competing with other, more established, better located, customer service oriented hotels.	
Jul 1 2006	Great Property!	We spent 2 nights (June 28-29), Room is nearly equal to Wynn and has the feel of Mandalay's &quot;The Hotel&quot;. Bed is superb. The hotel has a classy feel, but does not strive to be Vegas over the top. Pool is very nice with lots of lounge chairs in 6 inches of water, great bar service and even bikini black jack. The spa was good, not great.The casino had lots of choices, attentive cocktail waitresses, very friendly dealers and several nice restaurants. It is quite a ways off the strip so I would recommend renting a car if you want to go to he strip on your own schedule. The cab fare was over $60 each way. Great amenities in the room. In my view, I would add this to my &quot;fav&quot; list along with Wynn, Bellagio, Venetian and Mandalay. We stayed on the 6th floor with a canyon view and were not aware of construction.	
Jun 29 2006	Wonderful Physical Plant--Service Needs Polish	Just returned from a 3 night midweek visit. We enjoyed our stay and I'll definitely return. The problems I discuss were minor, but the cumulative effect of the service problems keep this property a step below Bellagio and Wynn resorts. Also, I don't know what it is like on weekends, but the patrons were definitely older than one would find at the high end strip hotels. In fact, I saw more seniors than I've seen at any Vegas resort on or off strip. If you are planning a bachelor party, I'd say try something else... We had a 2 bedroom mountain view room on the 6th floor. The interior design and decor of the rooms and hallways to the room is perfectly beautiful-- my favorite of all of the Vegas resorts. We loved the low key elegance, the colors, textures, sense of proportion, the use of water, light, sand, air--very feng shui, relaxing, tasteful, appealing to the senses. Enjoyed the good quality 42 inch plasma TV and the plush bedding. These amenities were better than the highly touted Wynn versions. Bathroom had a separate shower and large deep tub, separate water closet, and two sinks. My only complaints are that there isn't quite enough counter space for toiletries and the TV in our bathroom didn't work. I love floor to ceiling windows, but the hotel's advertising materials showing the mountain view are exaggerated. This is essentially a pool view. We loved the hallway to our room. There are live desert plants, fresh flowers, lovely light fixtures, attractive wall art. The rooms were set back from the main hallway into alcoves-so you can't hear the traffic in the hallways. The pool and the spa can be accessed from the room elevator area without having to walk through the casino or other common areas. Many reviewers complain about the $20 resort fee. However, I didn't mind since the spa facilities are free for hotel guests (we didn't make it there this trip), you get a newspaper every morning, and free water and fruit in the hotel lobby, although coffee and tea in the lobby would be nice.Now for the problems. In a word--service. At first we were impressed. We did arrive before the official check in time. Although only one person was waiting ahead of us at the reception desk, we were ushered into the VIP area to complete check in. Since we weren't VIPs, we were very impressed by this consideration. We were understanding that the room wasn't ready since we were early. However, our room was still was not ready 2 hours later after 3pm checkin time had passed. We tried again at 4:00 and it still wasn't ready. Housekeeping should have been notified of our check in and expedited the room cleaning. That was our first taste of the careless service and lack of professionalism that we would experience frequently throughout our stay. My friend spent a few hours at the pool. It does look attractive and inviting. However she found the lounge chairs uncomfortable. They are molded--you cannot adjust them. You cannot lay on your stomach or side. They were difficult to get in and out of. There was little shade, and no misters. She also commented that it was very small--too small for a weekend crowd and definitely insufficient for when they open the rest of the hotel rooms.With one exception we found the restaurants to be just average. Terra Rossa was exceptionally good. (Black Truffle Risotto to die for) I liked my meal at Cabo but it wasn't special and was a little overcooked. My campanion was not crazy about hers. Tides Oyster Bar was hit and mostly miss. The &quot;Shrimp Louie&quot; was actually shrimp cocktail on a bed of lettuce with an avocado. It tasted like bottled cocktail sauce on it. The crab dip was gluey. The steamed clams were excellent. The Cafe was just blah. We liked our sandwiches at Salt Lick BBQ. We couldn't believe they didn't have an asian restaurant. (We don't count Panda Express in the food court...) The prices at all of the restaurants we tried were reasonable as compared to their equivalents on the strip.Overall restaurant and bar service was unprofessional. It's not that any of the servers were rude. Most were quite nice. They just didn't think of little things. For example not one restaurant server at any bar or restaurant we patronized thought to give us a pen with our bill so we could complete the room charge info. They just put a little computer printed tape down on the table for your bill and hustle away. No portfolio, no receipt for the customer. Restaurant manager needs to fix these things. Many of the hostesses and wait staff were obviously in their first such jobs. They need to be trained to deal with customers in a professional way if the hotel aspires to compete with the high end resorts. Housekeeping was fine if you called them for service. Otherwise, I'm not sure when or if they would have shown. The one night we had turndown service she only turned down one of the two beds. The casino was fine overall. The cocktail service was good. It is clean and comfortable with adjustable chairs and good lighting. It can get very very noisy though. Some of the penny slot machines are ridiculously loud. There is a big fanfare if someone wins more than $10. At one point, one of them went off over a $17 jackpot continually at eardrum breaking volume for a solid hour. When I complained after a half an hour of intolerable din, I was told that they were working on it. I can't believe that they don't have one technician at any given time in the place who can turn the sound of a slot machine off. I waited nearly a half hour for a handpay jackpot to be paid. I saw plenty of staff on the floor, but no one stopped, and they walked by me really fast to avoid any inquiries.In sum, the reviews complaining about the service are accurate. This is fixable with some training and some common sense hotel policies. Otherwise, this resort is a great value if you love a nice room and nice facilities This property is not yet at the 4 to 5 star level, but it has that kind of potential.	
Jun 28 2006	cafateria style restaurants	Having just returned from a long awaited trip, I was very impressed with the decor and the rooms, But I must say that most of the restaurants were very sparse in warmth and wow!I really did not feel the desire to dress up, it was more hurry up and eat so we could escape the bad music and sterile surroundings. The food was decent, but the surroundings were bland.The exception was the italian restaurant, Terra Rosa,don't miss it! Great food and service-sit at the bar,very Roman.	
Jun 26 2006	Great Stay........	I am a resident of las vegas and after visiting the red rock this past week we decided to book a room for the weekend of june 24th. This hotel and casino is outstanding. I have noticed some bad reviews from some posters lets all keep in mind not everything goes as planned. However if something does go wrong i judge how it is corrected. We arrived at 11:30am check in is not untill around 3pm. We got all the paper work out of the way and our bags were checked with the bell hop. We were told our room was ready and just needed to be inspected and when it was they could call me on my cell phone. We were then given passes so we could use the pool. I rented a CA-bed as i know just how hot the sun gets here. When we went to the pool house we were treated so well i was amazed. We were escorted down to the CA-BED and were given bottle of water and ice. We ordered food - shrimp - crab - cheeseburgers fries and hotdogs. The food was top notch for a poolside grill. Our cocktail waitress was superb and as crowded as the pool was we did not wait long for drinks. We were called by the front desk and our room was ready at 1pm. We were brought up to our room and everything about it was explained in complete detail. THE ROOM WAS WONDERFUL. Now i did request a strip view room as i know the canyon view rooms have the cherry nightclub under it and the music does play until 4am. But our room was fantastic comfortable and extra clean. We ate in Tera Rosa which is italian and we sat outside and the food was exceptional. After dinner our son who is 16 went back to the room as their isnt to much for the under 21 crowd. But as he did bring your laptop as each room has internet service. My wife and I went to the cherry night club. Now as much as this club has been written up about how large and great it is i wasnt impressed. I was impressed by the outside part of the club where you can get your drinks and lounge by the pool on extra large couches. Drink prices were actually less than i expected from a las vegas club but it is off the strip and does cater to many locals. They played great music and if sitting outside or standing at the outside bar you can have a conversation and still here the music just not pumping in your brain. One problem i did have at club cherry was that as bright as everyone says randy gerber is why when you have a large club such as this your bathroom has 3 yes 3 urinals and i think 2 toilets. Also once you enter the club there is no re-entry. That was my only problem with the club. On sunday we checked out around 11am and we stayed the whole day using the pool. All employees i encountered were so nice i was in complete shock. I live 2 minutes from Green Valley Ranch Casino and I do not even go there anymore as most employees I have encountered there seem to forget customer service and seem aggitated when asked a simple question. (both resorts owned by same company). As i stated i am a vegas local but do to my job i do not get a chance to vacation so being able to drive 15 to 20 minnutes up to red rock isa pleasure. I will continue to go to red rock as they did a fabulas job. All the help was very very helpful and went out of their way to make sure we were happy. Even when asked for directions to something in the hotel the help gave them to us with a smile. enjoy your trip there as i did	
Jun 26 2006	Can't get the details right	Many minor problems add up to overall disastisfaction from a premium priced place that just can't get the details right.This place is owned by the Fertitti brothers, who also own Green Valley Ranch in partnership with the Greenspuns (owners of Vegas.com and the local newspapers). There is a $360,000 Maybach owned by one of the brothers and used exclusively for him and his close friends parked out front. Expensive ride for someone who lives across the street basically. The reason I mention this is because its obvious these people have no clue about the common man and their requirements for a good hotel stay. This place wants to be Four Seasons with gaming (and they have copied 4 Seasons in many ways), but they just can't get the details right.First of all, as mentioned by many, this place is under construction. It will be for awhile, too, if they proceed with building the condo towers after they finish the room expansion (which appears to be almost complete). When those towers are complete, there will be no &quot;strip view&quot; because they will be right in the way. That's my choice of sides to stay on though, because with the premium canyon view side you get not only the construction noise which is temporary, but the permanent problem of the boom boom boom from the &quot;All Mariah, All The Time&quot; type music blaring from the pool area or even worse, the really loud techno garbage they play on weekends (and probably nights--we moved before we had to find out about that) at the Cherry nightclub which has a private pool/party area next to the regular pool area that anyone with $20 can use. It was horrible from the 18th floor, I can't imagine how intrusive it must be on a lower floor. The premium view is no big deal IMO. I'd seen enough of the mountains for a couple days on the 10 mile trek out there. When construction starts on the other side on the condos there will be NO good side to this hotel. They seem to be catering to the young hip crowd here, but that was NOT who was staying at the hotel for the most part. All one has to do is look at the patrons at the pool and who was playing in the casino (although many are locals) to know this is not hipster land, and even if it was, who do they think has the money in this world to spend at their facility, 20 somethings or the 30-50ish crowd? I'm thinking the later, and it's screaming &quot;we want to be cool and younger than you&quot; so loudly it's a real put off.We arrived for check-in early and knew we would probably have to wait for the room. No problem, although we did have something we needed to refrigerate. We were told to ask the Concierge. This guy was clueless as hell. He said &quot;I can get you some coffee&quot;. There is a bar in the lobby, he could have just put it in the bar fridge or FIGURED IT OUT. Holy crap, a huge place like that and they can't refrigerate something for two hours? Okay, no big problem, the place was like a refrigerator anyway, so no harm done in the end. Since it was a birthday trip and the check in clerk knew it (and prepaid, not a casino comp), she put us down for an upper floor, premium view, smoking room away from the construction. We gave our cell number and were told we'd be called when our room was ready at 3pm or so. That time came and went so we called the front desk and they said our reservation had been cancelled! So we go back to the desk. It was handled very well by the new clerk we dealt with, or so we thought. We specifically asked &quot;away from construction?&quot; YES &quot;smoking?&quot; YES. So off we go to our NON-SMOKING room RIGHT NEXT TO THE CONSTRUCTION. I had already called for the bags and the bellman took care of the key exchange and moving our luggage to the next room, a NON-PREMIUM VIEW room. At this point we had realized it was probably better because of the noise so we settled in. Very nice room, one of the nicest in Vegas, but no in-room coffee and no coffee in the lobby in the morning. For the price and the tacked on resort fee of $19.95 you'd think you could get more than apples and a bottle of water in the lobby in the morning. I ordered a pot from room service. It was the most bitter, scorched sludge I've ever tasted. I had to have them bring me a new pot. $17 for coffee. I could have went down and gotten to-go coffee, but I like coffee before getting dressed. $17 is just ridiculous for 6 cups of mediocre coffee that took an hour to get.Off to the pool, which is very nice, although IMO the entire place should be avoided on weekends. (Lots of locals). When we arrived and were waiting for our room we wanted to go out and look around the pool area. There was a big deal at the entrance to make sure we were on the guest list before we could go in. We checked out the cabanas as we had reserved one for the next day ($200 weekend/$100 weekday--best deal) and noticed the Cherry pool and party, which as mentioned before is $20 for anyone. This irks me that to no end that they allow local people to use any part of the pool facility, especially after that $19.95 resort fee. It should all be for hotel guests only, but Green Valley Ranch is the same way so we are not surprised. We thought, however, that the pool gate nazi routine might be an improvement over the no-attendants-paying-attention-whatsoever pool entrance area at GVR, but we were wrong. The next morning we were able to breeze out to the pool through the doors by the guestroom elevators, no one checked a thing. Anyone can do this. No one checked room keys by the elevators or at the hallway entering this area (it was also the way to the spa). A key was needed to start the elevator, but you could walk on there with anyone who had already done that. Really bad security IMO. Especially since the room doors don't close unless you really pull them/push them. Be careful about that. Our cabana reservation was in a name other than our hotel reservation and no one questioned it. In fact, we saw a locals birthday party (we asked) with 10 screaming kids be taken to a cabana. We'd seen that at GVR and it just boggles the mind why they would jeapordize pissing off guests to rent a cabana to a bunch of loud locals. Our cabana attendants were excellent. I said to the attendant, &quot;so we can stay at Gold Coast next time and just come here to use the pool?&quot; and he laughed and said yes, you could. The food out there was okay and reasonably priced, although Taco Bell does nachos quite a bit better for way less than $9, but it was enough for two. We had Cabana #1. We got there at 9 a.m. to claim that one, even though I had reserved #9 and actually had to pick one at the time I made the reservation. I was glad they were lax about that though, #1 was better. There are private pools out in front of the cabanas. Ours was shaded much of the morning and again starting about 2:30-3 pm and with the temp being 105, it was a good thing. Out front are wonderful adjustable padded loungers. In the cabana was a ceiling fan, a misting fan, a padded couch and two chairs with pillows, side table and large square coffeetable, a TV, fridge with 1 can of Red Bull, 6 bottles of good juice and 4 bottles of Norway water (what, they can't find water in USA?), and we were brought some fruit, and ice was replenished quite often. Liquor was non-existent in the Koolaid like strawberry dacquirii I ordered so that was the end of bar service for us. As a guest, if you want to go to the pool before 9 a.m. you can use the one at the spa ($19.95 gives you that entitlement) which is very peaceful and comfortable in that area. They also have cabanas but we really liked ours better than what was offered at the spa, which seemed appropriately more geared to spa customers.The 24 Cafe food was just okay, and a good place to get coffee to go in the morning I later found out. I can't figure out why Starbucks isn't open in the early hours. ??? East Coast people are 4 hours early and we are up at 4-6 am. out there. That's like 8-10 am to us and 6 am is almost late to rise. The food court closes at 11 pm and I don't even know when they open that up. The gaming is great there as it is at all Station Casinos, but the hotel really needs to get it's act together. There were other minor irritations but I've whined enough now and I'm sure you get the picture.	
Jun 21 2006 	Horrible Service	The Red Rock Las Vegas is a beautiful property - very modern and nice rooms. The pool is a really nice and the property overall has a unique feel for Vegas. The flat panel TVs, room decor, etc. are really top notch. If you want to be away from the Strip, you might think this would be a great choice. Stay away.This hotel is new - only open two months. Everything on the service side shows that they are not ready to be open. During three days at the hotel, our room was not cleaned TWICE - depite calls to housekeeping and the front desk. Faxes - forget it. The hotel is not capable of receiving and delivering a fax for a guest. Dry cleaning - hope for the best. Clothes submitted for same day service were lost and returned only after multiple calls to Housekeeping. When clothes finally did arrive, they belonged to another guest.As has been referenced in this formum, the hotel is VERY MUCH under construction. Core drilling occurs throughout the day. I travel extensively for personal and business reasons. I can honestly say in 15 years of travel that I have never had worse service and housekeeping at a hotel. This place may be a new hot spot, but you will regret the stay if you plan to take advantage of service-related amenties in the hotel. THE hotel and the Palms - much better alternatives that actually run like a hotel. Same great rooms, same hip factor but both offer an enjoyable stay.Bottom line, this is a beautiful property that is amazingly inept at service and housekeeping. I would definitely NOT return.	
Jun 15 2006	Gorgeous hotel but some kinks to work out	LOVED the Red Rock decor and rooms. The place just screams &quot;fabulous!&quot; A regular room was extremely spacious, and we had four adults in there. Loved the extra touches like a flat screen TV in the bathroom, providing spa-quality shower gel in addition to shampoo and conditioner and lotion, and providing a cocktail shaker and martini glasses in the room. The staff was very courteous. BUT - they seem to still have kinks to work out at this place, since it is new. The housekeeping staff knocked 3 times in the morning while I was still getting ready (between 9 and 9:30 a.m.), told them I would be out of the room in about 20 minutes. They seemed very eager to clean the room, but then we were gone ALL DAY (literally until about 5:00 p.m.) and came back and the room was not cleaned. That was annoying. Also, there is a major problems with the room doors shutting but not automatcially locking because they don't shut all the way (even though it seems like they do - you have to tug on the door to tell that it is not locked). so there were employees coming around supposedly doing &quot;security checks&quot; and the guy just opened our door without even knocking. Same thing happened with the guy who came around to fill the mini bar - walked into the room without knocking! That is inexcusable.Saturday morning we were awoken by bad noise - drilling from the construction, at around 7:30 a.m. This was not told to us in advance. We complained to the manager and he was very nice and said that it should not have been going on on a Saturday. He comped us $200 off of our room charges (food, etc.). We were satisfied with the way that was handled. There are airport shuttles to and from every other hour. The shuttle was a nice touch.Pool area was fabulous. I recommend renting a cabana 1 week in advance. The prices for food were very reasonable and the italian restaurant was DELICIOUS. One of the best meals I have had in a long time.	
Jun 13 2006	Beautiful Hotel But No Soul.	Spent the wkend at Red Rock Resort &amp; Spa 6/10-12.RR is a very contemporary, hip hotel much like an Ian Schrager copy. The interior struck me as cold and ultra-modern. Beautiful as it is, there seem to be something missing, I cannot pinpoint the heartbeat of this hotel.PLUSES1.First impression counts &amp; I give RR excellent marks. 1st, the 25 min complimentary airport shuttle (a limo van leaves every 2 hrs) to the hotel, saving me $50-60 in cab fare. 2nd, Welcomed &amp; greeted at the lobby &amp; offered water bottles. 3rd, The Front Desk staff was courteous &amp; the check in process was painless.2.Very nice, clean rooms, spacious &amp; well furnished befitting a 5 star ranking. 3.Concierge very helpful. An excellent resource for fast &amp; immediate information.4.Excellent spa service &amp; therapists.5.User Friendly website.6.The restaurants in this hotel served very generous portions. A. The Terra Rossa serves above average Italian cuisine. My wife raved about the Beef Carpaccio. I had the seafood pasta &amp; the Osso Buco, both very good.  B. The service at T bone is 5 star par excellence. Steaks are excellent; not the best for seafood, the “fresh” oysters were flat &amp; appeared undernourished.. The house salad is an enormous heap of a glorified version of coleslaw heavily coated with mushy avocado &amp; white French dressing, definitely not recommended if you go for the light, healthy stuff (&amp; because I hardly touched my salad, the restaurant was kind enough &amp; quick to apologize &amp; delete the charge from my bill).C. The Feast Buffet – Use your boarding pass to get a $1.00 off. For $ 18.99/person for lunch , this is one of the worst buffet I’ve had.D. Salt Lick BBQ – An extension of the Texas original. Not bad, but not super either. Try the combination beef brisket, ribs &amp; sausage.MINUSES7.When I booked &amp; paid a deposit 4 months ago, It is not unreasonable to expect to get the K room I specified. However, I was shocked when I saw 2 Q instead. Called FD immediately &amp; was told no King available. Disappointed, I asked to speak to the manager &amp; was put on hold. A few seconds later, A King was available.8.The SMALL fitness enter is located inside the spa. I was told that the work out area will be expanded this Fall.9.The hotel can do a better job of communicating with guests &amp; making its rooms more user friendly. The amenities book provides a list of all in house restaurants but no phone extensions for you to call for reservations. Found out later thru the Concierge that all this info &amp; much more can be accessed into with the phone’s touch screen feature. 10.Does not provide non-dairy creamers unlike Green Valley Ranch, so far, the only hotel I know in LV that provides non-dairy creamers to lactose intolerant guests.11.Check to see if the plasma TV in the room works. The in house menu that features guest services of our TV didn’t work. Called FD to report but never got fixed. Sigh…12.Our room was located on the 15th floor. But we can still hear the pounding base from the pool area. The “music” begins at 9am &amp; last until 3 am. Good luck to light sleepers!13.Beautiful pool but not heated, or not working at the time of our visit.14.Finally, when I mentioned the last 3 items to the manager upon checking out, his replies were curt &amp; his attitude nonchalant (why bother to ask if you’re not really taking my comments to heart?). His demeanor was lacking in warmth, almost indifferent, much like the hotel itself, a cold, giant edifice against a backdrop of sand &amp; stone, made of expensive marble &amp; steel but sadly has no soul..	
Jun 11 2006	Amazing	I have travelled to Las Vegas on several occasions. I love the shows, the food and the amazing achitecture of the hotels. I dislike the hotels on the strip, like 'Paris' that treat visitors like they are in a cattle call. I'll never stay at Paris again.Red Rock Resort is beautiful. The restaurants, including the Steakhouse and the Salt Lick Bar BQ are outstanding. Seriously, the best steak and Bar BQ I've experienced. The rooms are impeccable. We had a suite and it was so perfect with the decor and the ultramodern amenities. A perfect location for couples in love and extra money to spend.The staff are Great and Attentative...hopefully not just a honeymoon phase.We actually have children (but we're still in love), and they do have a Childrens Quest play area on the premises. It actually looked fun on the internet, but rather institutional in real life. Nonetheless, the 4 and 8 y/o loved the experience. I personally feel that some cruises have more touchy / feely programs.I will definitely be back to Red Rock.....the tables, the pool, the Spa and I'm sure a more loveable Kids Quest.Bytheway.....be sure to see the new Cirque show with the Beatles Theme.....Awesome!	
Jun 11 2006	stayed at red rock 5/28-6/2	We booked with the Red Rock to be away from the hustle of the strip. The hotel is very nice but is still under construction. At check-in I asked if our room was near the construction. We were told yes. I requested a room away from the construction and was told the only rooms available were strip view and smoking optional. We reserved a non-smoking room with canyon view. It was only after I asked about the cancellation policy that a manager was consulted. We ended up with a non-smoking strip view on the 9th floor. Unfortuantely even with this room we heard the construction. This isn't minor cosmetics it is major construction. The hotel is still adding floors which requires core drilling, cranes and a lot of commotion. This was extremely frustrating for us as you could hear drilling and banging through the walls. The drilling started at 8 AM and went on throughout the day. This did not make for a relaxing vacation. We spoke with the manager of the hotel and our room was changed to one on the 6th floor. The noise leve did decrease slightly but we still heard drilling. I would not recommend a stay at the Red Rock until after they have completed their construction. When they are done it will be a beautiful hotel.The positive of the hotel:It is away from the strip so you don't have to fight traffic.	
Jun 7 2006	Great Hotel away from the strip	The temperatures averaged 95-100F when we were there which made this the ideal hotel to be at! We did venture down to the strip but it was so hot and there was no breeze so we gladly made our way back to the Red Rock where we sat by the pool enjoying the gentle breeze and managed to cool down slightly. This is an ideal hotel if you want a holiday away from the strip, sun and want to explore Las Vegas and the surrounding area as it is an expensive and long cab ride to the strip!. The spa is wonderful, a haven of peace. We used it often as it was so empty. Our room was brill, we were right by the lifts so furthest away from the building work, we also had a view of the strip which is well worth paying extra for, it was amazing esp at night when it was lit up! The room was spotless, big and the bed very comfortable. The Steak House was expensive and we did hear that a steak resturant over the road from the hotel did better food and was cheaper! We found that the 'Feast Buffet' got very busy esp Thurs-Sun, we did find it strange that as residents of the hotel, paying the resort fee we were not classed as'VIPs' so like the public we found we had to queue which was a bit of a take on. The reception bar was quiet and relaxing, unlike the strip hotels, very few (if any) public were seen as the hotel has a seperate entrance for those using the casino only. There are a few shops nearby but only sell electronics/gardening stuff &amp; food items, take advantage of the courtesy bus to the mall! All in all not a bad hotel, but a little too far off the strip and can get busy during the weekend when the 'beautiful' people from LA visit, then it feel likes you would only fit in if you were under 30, stick thin and bronzed!!!!!	
Jun 5 2006	very nice hotel	I stayed at the Red Rock resort and spa in late May. This hotel was beautiful!! The rooms were fantastic. They had a comfortable bed, great bathroom with a large tub, and upgraded appliances such as the sinks and showerheads. This is the best of the station casinos and I would rate these rooms better than Bellagio and their new &quot;spa tower&quot; rooms. The Onyx bar was a nice place to relax while killing time between the pool, spa, club, or restaraunt. The pool was good but not great as far as the service goes. The spa however was the best I have seen in Las Vegas. Nice outdoor relaxation and yoga area with a nice workout facility. The only thing that I would worry about as far as future visits is the construction. Just ask the front desk clerk checking you in that you would like a room away from the construction area. All in all this was a great hotel and I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 4 2006	fabulous hotel away from the crowds	We have just returned from 6 nights at Red Rock and have had the best holiday ever! After nearly 24 hours door to door the luxury and quiet elegance of the hotel was a welcome sight. As we arrived late the shutle bus from the airport had stopped for the evening, so we needed to get a cab - don't expect even the locals to be able to find the place. Our driver got very lost, driving down dead end streets and having to turn around frequently. Last bus is eight or nine o-clock in the evening, so try to arrive before then!Anyway - back to the hotel... you feel that nowhere has money been saved - everything seems very good quality - it all smells new at the moment too. Our room was fabulous - very modern and calming, with a fantastic bathroom and a huge, feather topped bed. The top quality tv and radio all helped. And as for the deep bath and tv in the bathroom...There are places where you feel that the hotel neds to be a little more open about charges - the $20 a night resort fee is not well advertised, and don't even pick up anything from the the tempting display of water and nibbles - they are on sensors and will be charged to your room. Also, be aware that the hotel is still being built - builders are around during the day - it did get a little noisy by the pool at times and apparently the rooms at the end near the building works are too noisy to be in in the day time. We ate in the Italian resturant, the Grand Cafe, and had regular breakfasts in the buffet - the bowls of berries were wonderful. I feel that I ate well, although the hot choices for vegetarians were a little limited. because of the timings of the shuttle buses, (first in at 11am and last back at 8pm) if you don't have a car you are pretty much obliged to eat at the hotel if you don't want to pay high taxi prices. Expect to pay around $35 - $40 for a one way ride. If you're feeling more adventurous there is a bus from outside the hotel that will take you to Las Veas Boulevard, but this would take ages.Th pol area was great - not crowded and very comfortable, and as for the spa... - you can use the facilities there included in the price of your resort fee and I would recommend that you do that. It was almost empty when we used it - maybe people don't realise that you don't need to book one of the treatments to use the facilities. It has hot tubs, steam room, sauna, and a private pool area outside, with free drinks and fruit. Great for jet lag!All in all - fabulous! I predict that I won't be able to afford staying here again - once it's finished and has built up a reputation, so make the most of it now.	
Jun 2 2006	Best of the Station Casinos Properties		
May 30 2006	Wow!		
May 11 2006	When in Vegas stay here		
May 8 2006	Good Stay at the Red Rock Resort		
May 8 2006 	Rather stay at the JW Marriott		
May 7 2006	Red Rock Relaxing Inviting and Elegant		
May 6 2006	great resort but......		
May 4 2006	RED ROCK ROOMS BEWARE		
May 2 2006	Red Rock Hotel 		
May 1 2006	den of theives		
Oct 5 2009 	Le meilleur en Las Vegas		
Aug 27 2009 	E la famosa las vegas dov'è???		
Aug 7 2009 	superbe hotel contemporain		
Jul 10 2009 	hotel 5 stelle super... purtroppo lontano dal centro		
Jun 29 2009 	??		
Jan 3 2009 	Nicht für Erstbesucher von Las Vegas geeignet !		
Nov 15 2008 	Le Grand Luxe!		
Aug 14 2008 	????????????		
Jul 11 2008	superbe hotel		
