Oct 29 2009 	very good value for money; good location; clean rooms/ very bad breakfast	i have stayed in this hotel for 3 nights, the reception staff were very friendly and helpful.they offered us a bigger room for the same price...The rooms where clean and in correct order. If there is one thing i really dislike it was the breakfast, dont even go and try it.. the worst coffe ever and the pastries were almost frozen. no juices, no cereals etc.i was not expecting the hilton`s breakfast but a bit more of care would have been nice .	
Oct 13 2009 	I would stay here again Just make sure you buy the $7.00 shuttle ticket	the room was spacious, clean, dust free and welcoming. It smelled fresh. The bath was also very clean. You get two small soaps and one tiny bottle of shampoo.The strip is just a little bit of a walk. The Circus Circus Hotel/Casino is the closest one to this hotel. I would definitely stay here again. Its hassle free. My room did not have a fridge. Next that i stay...i will ask for one. Walgreens,Dennys, Indoor Skydiving and Ross stores are within walking distance. Another helpful idea is paying $7.00 for the shuttle and it will take you where you want all day for the same price. No regrets!	
May 31 2009 	Not too bad	I would say &quot;not too bad&quot;. Very close to the strip. Very good price. Clean room. Nice pool. Only breakfast was below average. People were helpful and kind. Thanks to the Tripadvisor members for sharing their experience. It helped to make the right choice.	
May 3 2009 	Nice spacious rooms but it has its cons.	I booked a room well in advance, so I got very decent rate.Rooms were impressively spacious (I have read somewhere, that it used to be Best Western), but they were missing firidge, coffee maker and microwave, typical for other Rodeway Inns. OK, as we changed the room I saw a fridge in one of the other rooms, so I guess it depends. Rooms were clean, perhaps not quite spotless, but acceptable.The room we got initially (just after the reception) was adjacent to some VERY noisy fan located in the next building, but I asked for another room and we got it. On the other side of the building there is some restaurant, but fans were not that noisy, so it was ok. The staff was OK, but you would not call them friendly nor very helpful.Breakfast was poor comparing to other motels - just coffee, cereals with milk and some danish. Location is fair - half a block away from Las Vegas Blvd. About 1-2 blocks from Riviera, Circus Circus and Encore. Sahara is about 3 blocks away. Taxi to the Bellagio area was about 12USD.There is also a small pool, did not use, but we've seen some teenagers jumping into it. (It was about 70F at that time).	
Apr 26 2009 	Decent fair.	Upside: cheap, reasonably friendly staff, fairly good location (a half-hour walk to the center Strip), easy access to transportation, good ammenities in the block (Wallgreens, souvenirs, 7-eleven...), parking , internet and breakfast included.Downside: a bit stinky, no frig, only a small shampoo bottle, someone passing by your only window every now and then, no elevators (2 floors), tiny breakfast room (you might need to wait to sit in the coldest days, when eating outside is not possible), very simple breakfast.Bottom line: do not come if a bit of comfort is more important than saving.	
Apr 24 2009 	Good location if you are attending a convention	If you are going to Las Vegas JUST for a convention, this is the place to stay to avoid the long cab lines after the show. I just went to the NAB convention and the hotel is within easy walking distance from the convention center. However, I found that a lot of my colleagues were staying at great hotels on the strip and paying basically the same rate as I was paying for this &quot;budget hotel&quot;. The hotel is not very close or within walking distance to anything but the convention hall. The neighborhood is not that great...I would not go walking around at night alone for instance. A few minor annoyances: no coffee pot or minibar in the room so if you stay bring your own water! The AC was functional but VERY noisy. The place was clean but outdated and the staff were terrific. They really went out of their way to accommodate any request. However, if you are going to LV on vacation, try the better hotels on the strip and negotiate a price. They are all underbooked because of the economy so you can get great deals right now.	
Apr 1 2009 	Just Fine For Our Quick Stay	This was a good enough, clean enough, inexpensive place to spend the night in Las Vegas on the way to So. California. The woman at the front desk was friendly.Our room was very clean, comfortable and larger than average for a two queen beds room. The beds were fine. Don't expect anything extra. If you need an extra pillow bring your own.If you are expecting free wi-fi in your room, don't. The motel's web page says it's free but there is a charge.The free breakfast would most likely be considered sub-par by most folks. All I needed though was some coffee and a cellophane bagged pastry to wake me up, so it worked. My kid had some cereal. It's served in a crowded little room. The attendant was pleasant and cheerful.We paid about $40 for a Saturday night. This was an amazing deal.By-the-way, we stayed at Sam's Town on the way back on a Sunday Night for about $30. Sam's Town was much fancier, but smokey (from cigs) and more difficult to get in and out of. All in all, I think I'd rather stay at this Rodeway if I'm in a hurry.	
Mar 27 2009 	Convenient location very good rooms and decent value.	Stayed here for four nights with my wife--I attended a conference while she toured. Hotel doesn't look like much from outside but it was secure and well-maintained. Our room was well-kept and spacious. We requested a fridge and hotel staff was happy to provide one. They also were responsive to other requests. Unlike most Vegas hotels, breakfast and Internet were included (although breakfast was very plain). Location is excellent: very close to Riviera, Convention Center, and Strip. Convenience stores and a few restaurants are nearby.Overall, a great way to stay near the Strip. I've stayed at the big hotels before, and the nice thing about this hotel is that you avoid the long walk to your room and the smoky casino. This hotel is well managed and maintained.	
Mar 19 2009 	Rude and Racist	The person at the front desk was so rude we actually ended up leaving.	
Mar 12 2009 	Clean friendly great rate	Although this is an older hotel, it is still in good shape. The room was very large and clean. Location is within walking distance from strip, but far enough away that it is quiet. Had a great rate at $39 for a single. I would stay here again.	
Nov 20 2008	Great Stay Clean and Friendly staff	First time at a Rodeway and first time in Vegas.First of all the hotel staff was great, friendly and very helpful with everything I needed. As for the rooms, they were clean, and had everything you need. As for the location, it was near everything.I mean the strip was right there, there was a walgreens and a 7 eleven and a Dennys, Im telling you, unless you want to stay RIGHT on the strip and spend alot of money this is a GREAT place to stay. I hope to return.	
Nov 2 2008 	This worked out great	When we booked this hotel it was called Villa Roma Inn. I read the reviews on Trip Advisor carefully, and we decided this hotel suited our purpose for this trip. We found everything previous reviewers said to be true. The rooms were large, well kept, and the staff very friendly and helpful. Other than a slight communication gap with the housekeeper over when we would prefer our room to be cleaned, we couldn't have asked for more! Normally when we go to Las Vegas, we make our choice based on the pool (i know) and because we went much later this year, we decided it wasn't too important. Although the pool WAS small, it was very nice. We would not hesitate to book this hotel in the future (unless prices skyrocket, now that it is a chain).	
Nov 2 2008 	Quiet and Handy to the Convention Center	We spent 5 nights at the Rodeway while attending an event at the Las Vegas Convention Center, based on reviews on TripAdvisor when it was still the Best Western Mardi Gras. A good choice! It was an easy walk to the convention center and the Circus Circus end of the strip. Our room was large, with two queen beds, We requested a refrigerator, and also ended up with a microwave oven. There was a radio alarm clock, iron and ironing board, and hairdryer. The bathroom sink area was nice and roomy. The room was a bit dark, but better when all the lights were turned on. Wifi is available in the small reception area. Security was decent--we had to use our card key to open the door into the long hallway where our room was. Between the building where reception is and the rooms is a small fenced-in pool and outdoor patio. Breakfast was included in the reasonable price and consisted of 3 kinds of cereal, orange and apple juice, packaged pastries, and coffee or tea. A 24-hour Walgreen's was a short walk away where we purchased bananas and other basic groceries to supplement breakfast. Denny's, Peppermill restaurant, and McDonald's were all nearby.There's no casino or slot machines in the Rodeway, and it was nice and quiet. We would definitely stay there again.As an added tip, we caught the #108 public bus on the lowest level at the airport; it was only $1.25 for the 20 minute ride to the Convention Center, then we walked to the hotel. If you don't have much luggage, this is quite a bargain!	
Oct 31 2008	Great Cheap Hotel	Wow! If you want to stay cheap in Vegas and still have a great place, the Rodeway Inn Convention Center is the place to be! Granted, the place is a bit run down, but the rooms are very clean, big, comfortable and quiet. The bathrooms have also been redone which is nice as well.The hotel had a free breakfast of danishes and cereal, but it was a good start to get you moving.Be advised that if you stay here, getting a taxi is next to impossible. The desk will call or you could call yourself, but there was never a time that the taxi showed up. Bummer. You are about a 10 - 15 minute walk to one of two close by monorail stops. It was so worth staying here and spending our money elsewhere on things that really mattered to us. I highly recommend if you are wanting to stay cheap!	
Sep 28 2008	Short and sweet stay	We were confused as we were looking for Villa Rosa but obviously there had been a take-over; we only wanted a place to clean up and sleep for one night - this was ideal; the continental breakfast was fine and the car parking facilities were a bonus. This place was ideal within our budget leaving extra dollars to spend on other necessities in Las Vegas - unfortunately did not win at the tables	
Jun 19 2008 	excellent place even better then Villa roma	Awesome experience this rodeway use to be the Villa Roma and now has become a rodeway. no complains nice people and very clean rooms. cant beat the price or the location	
Jun 16 2008	Great Place	Huge clean rooms. Great location. Just a 1/2 block off of the strip. Great price. I would definately stay here again.	
Apr 8 2008 	Basic but Nice	The hotel on the outside looks run down, but the rooms are fairly clean and newly remodeled. We did notice some sort of residue (not mildew) in the shower the first night, but it wiped up easily and we okay with just rinsing out the showe before using it. The pool is nothing to write home about. It's a fairly nice place to stay on a budget and it's very close to the Strip, the bus stops, and its about 1/4 mile from the monorail stop at the Convention Center. The surrounding area is a mixture between abandoned buildings/parking lot, new construction, and newer hotels. There are also a lot of souvenier shops nearby. McDonald's and Denny's is nearby too. We felt safe walking home from the strip or the monorail station at night to the motel (the street is well lit). The place was fairly quiet (except for a few occasions where we heard voices in the corridor outside our room), and the staff was friendly. There was an incident of two transients arguing quite loudly in an abandoned parking lot next door one night as we were walking into the hotel. They were yelling at each other and arguing over what we thought to be who claimed the parking lot first (to camp in overnight). We felt a bit uneasy, but everything resolved without incident as far as we know. One inconvenience was that the wireless Internet didn't work on our laptop from our room. We had to go to the lobby or the pool area in order for it to connect. Overall, the Villa Roma is certainly no Venetian, but it's clean and comfortable and inexpensive.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great place to be ? beste plek om te verblijven	we stayed here in march this year. it is great, no check in time, what we saw at the greater hotels on the strip.it is only a few steps away from the strip and the busstop.around the corner there is a walgreen and a dennies. and a lot of souveniershops.the riviera is only 3 minuts away.we were from the netherlands and stayen in our big rooms only the morning and the night to sleep. all the personal was verry kind asking for an other rooms was not difficult.if were going again to LV, then surthenly to this motel/motel.and ther is always thea and coffee in the loby and indeed free wireless internet.	
Mar 30 2008 	Decent but some problems	We read reviews on this place before choosing it, so we knew we weren't heading for the Taj Mahal or anything. We booked it through Travelocity. Our check-in was completed by a young woman on the phone the whole time, without any real professionalism or greeting. Our room, however, was clean, spacious, conveniently located and most importantly to us, quiet. There's a 24 hour Walgreens down the street, as well as a 24 hour food court in the Riviera Hotel, which is not a far walk. There's a Denny's nearby also. We bought food at the Walgreens and were able to keep stuff in the mini fridge the Villa Roma provided. There is a microwave in the lobby.We woke up the first morning of our stay and there was no hot water. We were informed the hot water tank broke and they moved us to another room, which had a different tank connection. I started packing our stuff and my husband checked the water in the second room. It also lacked hot water, so we were given another room to move to. We moved all our stuff to the new room and went out for the day. The next day, all the water in the whole hotel was shut off. Originally they said it would be fixed at 3pm. We came back to the hotel around 6pm to a hoard of angry guests in the lobby complaining about the lack of water. After we had been moved out of our rooms, the hotel continued to check people into the very same rooms we were moved from, knowing there was no hot water. My husband and I called Travelocity to arrange a refund and we checked out of the hotel early, not wanting to have to worry about hot water for the rest of our vacation. If it weren't for the hot water issue, we would have stayed at the Villa Roma. It was nothing special, but it was cheap and convenient, not far from the Strip. We did not use the pool (it was much too cold when we were there) but it was clean.	
Mar 27 2008 	Great Secret!	&quot;Rooms have all been remodeled, are clean and very big. For the price it is great! No fancy extras though if you are looking for that kind of thing. Only a block off the Strip so easy to get to as it is right before the Rivera as you head north on Las Vegas Blvd. There is a Walgreens, Dennys &amp; the Peppermill restaurant all within a block which was nice.We actually took the City Bus(the 108) from the airport (ask for directions of how to find the stop at the airport as it is kinda tucked away on the 'Zero Floor') to the Convention Center and walked the block and half to the hotel only a $1.25 each! Great deal if you are looking to save your money for gambling or food. =) It takes some time though on the bus, so if you are in a hurry to check in, take a taxi.&quot;	
Mar 14 2008 	Villa Roma MOTEL - OK!!	Feb 2008 for 3 nightsSince it was winter could not use the pool but I guess I would not have used it anyway, it's not tempting: small and caged, not many room for sunbathing.The frontdesk attendants were incredibly helpful! Complimentary coffe is ok. Be aware that the wi-fi internet access is only available at the lobby, they should change that to the entire motel. I don't see the difficult of that. However, it worked ok.Stayed in a single king sized bed, non smoker. It was clean, no smell, and huge. Heard no noises, great!Bathroom was very nice!Roomservice was excellent.Half block away from the strip.Excellent for the price we payed!	
Mar 12 2008 	Villa Roma Great Value!	My husband and I traveled to Las Vegas for a tradeshow in February. We were a little nervous when we saw the outside of the Villa Roma Inn...not exactly attractive, but for $59/night it was well worth it.They are in the process of updating the flooring, so there were tile layers in our hallway, but it was a very minor inconvenience. The rooms are larger than most, with a small refrigerator, and updated bathrooms that actually have a vent fan in them! We could shower and still see in the mirror the same day! The staff was very friendly, and allowed us to store our luggage their until our tradeshow was over. Good location...just 1 block off the strip and short walk to Walgreens, Denny's, and many other places.Would definitely stay there again for business.Don't go for the pool - very minimal with a view of a parking lot.	
Mar 3 2008 	Good Price Good Room	We stayed at the Villa Roma Motel during the Nascar Race. I found it to be a good place to stay, the rooms were clean and large, the staff was friendly, and it's in a great location. Many places to eat and the strip was right there. I also liked the Walgreens and 7-11 in close walking distance, good for coffee and food. Couple of things I did not like was the parking, it's so tight and if you have a truck good luck, and I wish they offered coffee makers in the rooms, (they do in the lobby, but the cups are about 3 sips worth). Other than that very good place to stay!!	
Feb 25 2008	Good basic motel - would stay here again	A basic motel in a good location -- if you don't mind walking/driving to the hot spots. Parking is free. Room is clean. Don't be put off by the front/lobby -- the rooms are ok. Receptionist told me that this will soon become a chain motel -- and you can see that they are already at work doing upgrades to the pool area (new tiles).Wi-fi doesn't work in the rooms -- only in the lobby and by the pool.	
Nov 20 2007 	This motel is a great find!	I would rate this motel at a &quot;5&quot;. The room was clean and spacious. The motel staff was very helpful. The motel is about a 1/2 block from the strip. The Rivera is just across the parking lot and Walgreen's, 7-11, Denny's ,McDonald's and Circus Circus are in the same area. It is also close to the Monorail. The room had the basic amenities such as a iron and ironing board and a hair dryer. There was no coffee maker, but I don't drink coffee, so it wasn't a big deal. The bathroom was very clean. It was also quiet. The room entrances are all inside and you need your room key to get into the building. I wish I would of found this place the last time I was in Vegas! I think the motel should have higher than a 1 star rating. Don't be detoured by the rating, I think it is at least a 2. I felt safe staying there. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a reasonably priced room without all the negatives that usually come from a cheaper motel. It was too cold to use the pool, but it was clean to. I will be staying here during my next trip to Vegas!	
Nov 18 2007 	Good value	Easy access to Las Vegas Blv. and Paradise Road. Clean and spacious room with comfortable bed. Good rates for the time period that we stayed easy check in and check out, good place just to sleep, close to other anemities.Concerns are the dark areas in the hallways and stairways when arriving late at night. Would recommend this hotel for visitors to convention ,center those who enjoy walking the strip or exploring .Would not recommend location for honeymon or romantic getaways. We frequently travel to LasVegas and have stayed at many locations ( high and low ends). Overrall motel met all our needs and expections.	
Nov 12 2007	Great Value	Because of the inexpensive rates, our club has held its board meeting at the Villa Roma for the last couple of years. The Villa has a nice meeting room just the right size. Don't be fooled by the look of the motel from the outside -- the rooms are nearly as nice as any on the strip. The location on Convention Center drive is handy -- just a short walk to the strip and near Slots of Fun, Riviera, Wynn and just across the street from the Greek Isle.	
Nov 3 2007 	Great position 'off strip'	Why pay Strip prices! 5 mins walk to Riviera/Circus Circus, even less to Dennys, Ross, Wargreens, 7/11 &amp; McDonalds, Wynns /Fashion Show Mall/Treasure Island, ten minutes walk away. The rooms where spotless, and cleaned daily, without fail, including clean towels etc. We had FREE internet access, and cable tv, including HBO Movies &amp; Fox Sports. The reception staff/ &amp; cleaners could not be faulted, and were always very helpful when the need arised. There is free parking, and the pool, although rather small is clean. As for safety, it is on the main road between 'The Strip' and LV Convention Centre, opposite LV Met police building, ie, we had no problems what so ever, even returning in the early hours! The room had air-con, hair dryer, refrigerator, (with freezer compartment), plus iron &amp; ironing board.To sum up, yes, i will definately return here in the future, and would recommend the Villa Roma to anyone wanting a 'no frills' accomadation, away from the hussle of the strip, which is clean and well maintained.	
Nov 3 2007 	Pleasant surprise	Though the picture found online is not the front of the building, the room we were given was as comfortable as high class, expensive motels/hotels we have stayed in. For 45$ (plus taxes), we had a firm kingsize mattress, in a large recently renovated room.Just a short walk from the strip and restaurants, half price show tickets booth and public transportation. Would recommend to budget conscious travellers.	
Oct 30 2007 	A Little Haven off the Strip :0)	Me and my partner stayed at the Villa Roma for 9 nights in October. I honestly can't find anything critical to say about it. The rooms were totally spotless clean and quite large, the staff very friendly and the location was great (2 minute walk to the Strip). I would definately recommend it to anyone looking for a cheap alternative than staying in the hustle and bustle of the Strip and next time I am in Vegas I would definately return.	
Oct 25 2007 	Not bad	Villa Roma is a shabby looking motel near the Convention Center but inside the rooms are quite large, the bathrooms are new, the king bed I had was pretty good, and there was almost no noise to disturb one's sleep. If you need a place for the weekend and dont want to spend $300 for a room at (say) The Mirage, this is an economical choice.	
Oct 20 2007 	Good value	Not a luxury option but great value compared to other Vegas hotels, especially at weekends.Plus points: large room, very clean, pretty quiet, huge new marble bathroom, nice staff, coffee available 24 hours a day in lobby, close to strip (Riviera) and monorail. Negative points: our room phone was out of order, wireless internet was weak in room, not a very appealing area at night with lots of empty, dark parking lots and some slightly strange characters hanging around.	
Sep 30 2007 	Good Deal for the Price!	The Villa Roma delivered as advertised! My wife and I stayed 4 nights from Monday September 24th thru Thursday September 27th. Our room with two queen beds was very large, clean and remodeled including a new granite bathroom. I feel the staff could supply more towels to the rooms although they are accomodating when asked for more. The furniture, although sparse included a desk and was also new. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. Check-in took about 2 minutes and check-out took even less time. Try that at one of the casino hotels!Downside is the outside appearance, but I was told this place has been purchased by a hotel chain and they are renovating. Also the long narrow hallways still need some sprucing up, but hey, its a walkway. The lobby is very modest but clean with friendly front desk service around the clock. The lobby also has a computer available for guests and free coffee.The Villa Roma is located on Convention Center Blvd, just north of the main strip mega hotels and is a leisurely 10-15 minute walk to the Fashion Mall on the strip and about a 10 minute walk to the Convention Center monorail station on Paradise Road. There is a Walgreens on the way to the strip and a Denny's Restaurant is a block or two away and visible in the other direction so it is easy to find. In my opinion, Convention Center Boulevard itself is an up and coming area. There are a couple of very hotel nice properties on the road, one at which I stayed on business a couple of years ago. My wife and I had no problem feeling secure walking during the day and at night although at night I would not like to see my wife walking alone.It is easy to do the strip from this location. The strip bus (The Deuce) has a stop just a couple of blocks away and is an inexpensive alternative to the monorail. For the price, this place is a bargain! All we did was rest in the room. The room was clean and comfortable. Why pay hundreds more for a place to sleep? The money we saved paid for a terriffic show and a trip to the Grand Canyon!	
Aug 6 2007 	A great inexpensive option just off the strip	I was in Las Vegas for a conference at the Riviera, but wasn't able to book a room there before they sold out. So, I did some searching for nearby alternatives and found the Villa Roma. I was a little wary, but the reviews here gave me some encouragement and I have to say I was quite pleased with my experience. I arrived around 11:30 PM and checked in quickly and easily. My room was much larger than I would have expected for such an inexpensive motel. There was a mini-fridge in the room. In addition to wireless internet, there was an ethernet port in the room, which I ended up using instead. The room was clean and the bed was well-made. The air conditioner kept up nicely with the stifling Las Vegas heat. The bathroom was nice as well -- extremely clean with a spacious countertop. The room was serviced daily with fresh toiletries and sheets, without having to request it.I was able to spend some time in a friend's &quot;deluxe room&quot; at the Riviera, and I didn't think it was quite as nice as my cheaper room at the Villa Roma! It was only a 2-minute walk to the strip. The walk can be a little sketchy late at night, but I had no problems. If you want to catch a cab without having to call for one, just walk over to the taxi stand at the Riviera. In short, if you don't require a casino downstairs from your hotel room, the Villa Roma is a great option to base your stay in Las Vegas.(One bit of advice if you do take a cab to/from the airport. Tell the driver you want to go via Paradise Rd. Don't let him take you on the interstate, as the extra distance will easily add $10 to your fare.)	
Jul 18 2007	A Great Find!!	What a great find!!I went to Vegas on a trip with my brother - he is 23 and I am 26. We were looking for an inexpensive, clean hotel that was close to the strip as we didn't have a car. WOW!! This is exactly what we found. The Villa Roma is on Convention Center Drive just off the strip. The walk to the strip couldn't have been more than 3 minutes. It was safe and well lit. The rooms were great!! Cleaned everyday, spacious, an air conditioner that worked, free local calls and a friendly hotel staff. The bathrooms were very clean and had been recently renovated. Our room also had a mini fridge. (When I booked I was told that I could only request a fridge and if one was available when I checked in then I could get it. I was however told that they did not expect to have a room available for me with a fridge because all those rooms had been occupied already. To my pleasant surprise when we got to our room we DID have a fridge!! Good on you Villa Roma.)At the corner of Convention Center Drive and the Strip there is a big Walgreen's where you can buy anything you need...like bottled water. There is also a liqueur store right there so you can stock up.The outside of the building isn't pretty..but don't let that throw you.There is a small outdoor pool. It was quite went we wanted to get to sleep and there is free coffee in the lobby!!We are booking a trip to Vegas again and will likely chose this place to stay!!It is a SHORT walk to Slots-O-Fun and Circus Circus and the Riviera.If you are looking for fancy this is not the place. But if you are looking for a CLEAN, SAFE, QUITE place to lay your head at night this place is for you. (Book in advance and get even better rates!! We booked a month and a half in advance and averaged $50/night from Wednesday - Sunday!!!	
Jun 2 2007 	A very good Las Vegas option	We only stayed in the Villa Roma because we arrived in Las Vegas a night earlier than originally planned. We were pleasantly surprised. The motel is well situated, only a 5-10 minute walk from the Venetian, Mirage and Fashion Plaza Mall. In our previous stay in Las Vegas, we had stayed in the Stratosphere, and the Villa Roma is better situated and was charging half the price of the Start. The rooms were a good size, and had the same amenities as other LV hotel rooms. The staff were very helpful. Overall, this was a very pleasant stay, and probably less stressful than the huge queues and crowds found at the bigger hotels.	
Nov 4 2006	very bad	Room very dirty, take advantage of high volumen of travelers to rip them off. NOT WORTH $150 DOLLARS AT NIGHT!!! not even $50 dollars. Take time to planned your trip and do not believe in the hotel description is more a one star than 2 stars.	
Sep 6 2006 	Villa Roma is very acceptable	I rated this above average because as regular run of the mill motels go, it is. All the good points are recognized above. Large room, VERY clean, easy access to other strip hotels via Paradise Rd. Outside is as mentioned but who cares. We only use the place for sleeping and pit stops in between puruseing the strip. Wi-fi was not working. I called the desk and no one could help. I saw the network but login kept failing. One other thing, if you have a longer than normal automobile you have to park sideways. If your parking in head in at an angle be sure to pull all the way up. the alley width is marginal. Overall enjoyed the stay and would stay again.	
Aug 14 2006 	Not too bad	Overall not a bad hotel. My husband won a trip to Vegas and this was the hotel we ended up at. The outside isn't the most appealing, and the parking [----], but the room was clean and nice. there was a very pleasing color on the walls, and the bathroom had a lot of marble. Overall not a bad experience. Would stay here again but for the fact that I will NEVER return to Las Vegas!	
Jun 25 2006	Nice room at very low rates	Stayed Sun-Fri for a bridge tournament at the Riviera nearby. Used to stay at the Westward Ho, but with that sadly gone this was a good alternative. Somewhat isolated from Strip by parking lots, the motel had very few guests midweek and was nearly deserted at night, but area seems safe. Parking on the east side was in a tight alley with cars squeezing between a wall and other vehicles, but there was more space on the west side. Room was clean and good-sized, beds were great, AC worked well, and bathroom had granite surfaces. Lavender wall paint, well, for $29 who cares?Calling the motel garnered a rate $10 less than the travel sites. Staff friendly and helpful.	
May 15 2006	worth it	Very close to strip. clean. fair rates. very large room. excellent service. very quiet, almost forgot it was Vegas!	
Apr 3 2006	Villa Roma gets Mixed Review	We stayed at the Villa Roma for only one night. The outside of the hotel did not look like the picture on the Internet so we weren't sure we were in the right place initially. The back of the hotel looked much better. The rooms were very clean and the beds were great. Everything has obviously been updated recently but we had problems getting hot water for showers in the late afternoon.	
Mar 28 2006	Good Value		
Feb 26 2006 	Great location! Excellent Value! for a budget traveler		
Feb 14 2006	Cheap and convenient		
Sep 16 2005 	Close to LVCC cheap 		
Sep 14 2005	Great place to stay! Close to strip!		
Sep 13 2005 	Good for the price		
Jul 28 2005 	great room for business travelers not tourists		
Jun 13 2005	Excellent Room Close to Strip		
May 13 2005 	pleasantly suprised		
May 2 2005 	Prison Cell		
Apr 25 2009 	(Preis-)Günstige Lage für Strip-Ausflüge		
Jan 14 2008 	Proximite du convention center		
Oct 6 2006 	Super bien placé et très confortable un bon plan !		
Sep 17 2006 	Ottimo motel economico e in posizione centralissima		
