Oct 30 2009 	beautiful suites	i stayed here for 3 days with family for my destination wedding. I rented 2 bedroom suites and a 1 bedroom suite. The rooms were very clean, had ample space and had a very homey feeling. My guests were very happy with the rooms. It may be a little far from the strip but for those who will be bringing their own cars it wont be a problem. I highly recommend this place, I would definitely go back.	
Oct 17 2009 	You'll regret staying here! Unhelpful staff	My sister and I just got back from staying at the Desert Paradise Resort. I was thinking about a timeshare investment and wanted to check this place out. Upon arrival we were pleased with the looks of the resort, especially the pool area. The concierge offered us a tour of their other facility, The Polo Towers, but we declined. We checked into our room, quickly dropped off our bags and immediately headed out for lunch and sightseeing. However, after arriving back at your room about 4 hours later we noticed how incredibly loud the traffic and airplane noise were. The resort is on S. Decatur, a major street and close to the airport. Our room's windows faced the street and the noise was deafening, like sleeping next to a freeway with airplanes overhead. I called the front desk to request a change of rooms. I was rudely told that there were 3 rooms left but because we were in our room for more than one hour we would be charged a major cleaning fee. I explained that we weren't physically in our room for more than an hour; we had just gotten back from sightseeing. At that point we hadn't even sat on the beds. The front desk person then said he only had 1 room left; he would charge us a cleaning fee and move us closer to the street and asked, &quot;Do you want that?&quot; The next day we noticed that they blast music in the courtyard pool area to try and drown out the traffic &amp; airport noise.There are flyers, letters, customer service cards posted all over the establishment about the staff's efforts to make sure guests are comfortable. And yet when we requested a change of room to ensure our comfort, we were met with sarcasm, threats to charge us more money, and a complete lack of caring. The noise, lack of quality and inattention were such a disappointment it ruined our trip. If you care about quality don't stay here, you'll regret it.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Hotel and great rooms	Great Hotel. We got a 950 sq feet room for less than $50 per night. It had full kitchen. and living room. We even got free tickets to one of the vegas shows through conceierge service.	
Oct 8 2009 	Friendly comfortable....	The staff was GREAT. Connie really took care of us, along with the other front office gals.The resort was very clean and we have absolutely no complaints.	
Sep 15 2009 	Home away from home.	Used my vacation club to book this trip and all I had to go on were the reviews and the photos from their website. I also had to convenience the other ladies because the price was too good to be true. We got a two bedroom that sleeps 6 and a one bedroom that sleeps 4. This place is great. The suites are equipped with everything you'd want in your home. The two bedroom had two baths, a full functioning kitchen with everything, it even has a washer and dryer, bar stools, patio and three flat screen t.v's. All of the ladies were pleasently surprised. We were not on the strip and that was a concern for me, but this place offers free shuttle service and the strip is only 5 minutes away. The city bus service is 24 hours and we didn't need a car for anything. This trip was great, the service was great, the location was great, and I will definitely be back.	
Sep 15 2009 	Loved the Resort disliked the sales pitch.	The resort is very nice. We stayed in a 2 bedroom. Our room was very clean, and spacious, with everything we needed. The beds are very comfy. Room has 3 flat screen TV's, washer and dryer, and a nice kitchen area. The pools and activities are great with a family. The only downside is their never ending sales pitch to join their club. We already belong to a vacation club, which is how we got our rooms for a good rate. The only free drinks in the club house area are coffee and tea, not everyone drinks that. Overall the staff was friendly, and I would stay there again.	
Aug 7 2009 	A Great "Off-the-strip" Option	If you are in Vegas for only a night or two, it probably makes more sense to stay on the strip, especially if you do not have a car. But, if you have kids, or a larger party (there were 4 of us), and do not plan to spend all your time on the strip, this is a really good option. The two bedroom was a good size (including walk-in closets in both rooms), the kitchen is nicely equipped, the patio deck was (relatively speaking) large. Beds are comfortable (King in the Master bedroom, queen in the second); you'll sleep on a Simmons Beautyrest. Yes, they will try to get you to attend a timeshare presentation. Saying &quot;no&quot; or &quot;I'll get back to you&quot; works fine. Finally, if you are in town for any length of time, I strongly recommend the 20 minute trip out to Red Rocks park, just west of town. If you like the out of doors, you'll love it there ($5 per car).There are two pools, one is adult only, and a water play area for kids. Both are nice, and have shady cabanas.Covered parking (almost a necessity in hot weather) is provided, and the front gate locks in the evening for increased security.	
Jun 25 2009 	Pleasantly surprised!	This hotel was quite a surprise. I was not expecting much due to the price, but we were all very happy with the room. We traveled with another couple so we booked a two bedroom, two bathroom suite and it was very roomy. The kitchen had everything you would need to cook, and clean up. It also has a washer and dryer. The beds were comfortable, air conditioning worked very well, and we had a private balcony. Yes it is a couple miles from the strip but we drove so that was not an issue for us. As for the timeshare speech, just say no and they don’t pester you anymore. The only thing I did not like was you had to pay $6.95 per day for internet access other than that I would definitely stay there again!	
Mar 20 2009 	Will Absolutely Stay Here Again	We booked this through our timeshare and it was hands down our best trip to Vegas. It's located just a couple of miles from the strip, which was nice because we could easily get to the strip without having to listen to noise of the strip. The staff was extremely helpful (but if you aren't a member of there timeshare avoid the &quot;free gift). They were friendly and informative, even upgradin us to a two bedroom. We really liked the excersise room as well as the internet accesability.The gate was awesome..I know some have complained about it, but honestly typing in the number took all of 2 seconds. It was nice having the peace of mind knowing we were gaited in, and others were gaited out :) The swimming pool and hot tub were really nice. I liked the waterfall coming into the pool and hot tub.The rooms were clean and spacious, and the bed was oh so comfy (best sleep I've had in ages). The kitchen had everything you could possibly need, and it was nice having a washer and dryer in the unit. And the three flat screens were nice to come home to after a long day of shopping!All in all I would absolutely recommend this place.	
Feb 23 2009 	A Hidden Gem	I`ve been going to LV with a group of golf buddies for winter golf getaway every year for the past 10 years and Desert Paradise had been the best so far (compared to other hotels we stayed at, including NYNY, MGM, Imperial Palace, Venetian, Stratosphere, etc.)- Spacious: the 2-bedroom suite I stayed in was extremely roomy. Large bedrooms with walk-in closets, 1 with an ensuite bathroom, huge living room, dining area and reasonable sized kitchen. Others in my group had 1-bedroom suites which were quite spacious as well.- The kitchen was fully equipped with a good sized fridge, stove, microwave, dishwasher and a coffee maker. We didn`t use the kichen much but it looks like there are plenty of dishes, cups, glasses, and other kitchenettes that you can probably do your own cooking if you prefer.- Comfortable: Beds and living room furnitures are quite comfortable with LCD TV in all the bedrooms and the living room. There are quite a lot of channels if you want to spend some relaxing time to watch TV, probably satellite feed. Some furnitures look a bit aged, but clean and well maintained.- Quiet: This resort is about 3-4 miles away from the strip, far enough to be in quiet and relaxing so that you can get a good night sleep, but close enough to be there within minutes of driving. I`ve stayed on the strip many times in the past to appreciate the quiet evening here.- Convenient: this location was convenient for me because I always rent a car in Las Vegas. It`s only minutes from the strip, close to the airport, close to I-15 and quite easy to get to all the golf courses that I booked my rounds. However it may be a little inconvenient for those who don`t have a car, you would need to take a cab to go anywhere.- It is a gated community, the front gate closes every night which should make the guests feel safe and secure. I don`t find it inconvenient having to punch in a code to open the gate late at night as others complained. I rather do that and feel safe leaving all the golf clubs in the cars at night.Overall, everyone in our group thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Desert Paradise. After a long day of activities in Las Vegas, I felt quite relax in this large and comfortable suite, much more than those cramped hotel rooms on the strip.Spacious, clean, comfortable, and secure. Great value overall, definitely will be our first choice in future trips coming back to Las Vegas.	
Nov 24 2008 	Quiet Retreat	Stayed at Desert Paradise Resort in November 2008 and although the units do need to be modernised, they are cleaned thoroughly. Stayed in a two bedroomed unit. Beds were very comfortable and sheets spotless. Towels fluffy and white. Pool area very nice and no problems with obtaining sun loungers. Other than one member of staff at reception, all staff very friendly and helpful. Liked the log fire area at reception and free coffee/tea is a nice touch. Only downside was our unit was at the front of the resort where the main road was which was very noisy and the unit had a stale smell of smoke inside. However, that aside, really enjoyed staying there and would revisit, hopefully when all units have been remodernised which I have been told should be completed in February 2009. Didn't use shuttle bus as hired a car with budget car rental which proved very expensive. Shop around.	
Oct 13 2008 	Relaxing and the best stay ever!!!	My wife and I always have booked a room on the strip. We fell into this place on accident and it was the best vacation we ever had! We liked it so much that we are going to purchase a timeshare there and go back every year.Caution! Purchase your time share on the resale market you can save up tp 90% of retail. Again this will be our home for many years. The people were fantastic.You will not be disappointed.	
Oct 4 2008 	Not Great but Not Terrible.	We booked through a family member as it was one of their timeshare resorts. Going into this, we knew to expect the cheesy sales approach as well as the limited turn down service - it's just part of going to a timeshare resort. We stayed during one of the few off weeks Vegas has - no major conventions, no major acts, etc. Overall, it was a pleasant visit to Vegas. Pro's of Desert Paradise Resort(-/+) Shuttle Service - check &quot;cons&quot; too. (+) Remote and quiet(+) comfortable in atmosphere - did not get a rushed feeling, everyone was very personal. Con's(-) Shuttle Service - it is extremely limited - even days where there is no service at all. The shuttle staff is great, but they need to hire more drivers to increase the availability of the shuttle / expand the operating hours. (-) Shuttle service does not go to the airport... Taxi is the only way unless you want to rent a car for literally two trips (to and from airport; there's no need for a car at this resort - waste of money... if you're wealthy, go nuts and rent. Common sense would mean not renting one.) (-) Mold - The site is under a renovation. However, we were in a unit that was not renovated. The air conditioner leaked water over the walkway to the bedroom. It seemed to have been doing that for a long time as there was a strong mold smell in the room. Another disadvantage - the thermostats are locked. Either it's 72 degrees air conditioning of turn off the air completely. Way too cold. (-) Mold part two. The unit we stayed in had a dishwasher that did not drain all of the water out after it had completed its cycle. As a result, when I opened the dishwasher for the first time I was greeted with a wonderful mold smell. I had to run the dishwasher a few times to ease my mold paranoia. (-) The site is going through a renovation, which is does need - though I did not notice any construction actually taking place. Future buyers beware, their renovation may be a &quot;work in progress&quot; and may not be completed for a while - just a simple observation over our week long stay. We knew ahead of time that there was at least a 2 mile walk to the strip, but the local transport is easy to use. There is no need to rent a car - just a waste of money and more frustration... Take the 201 bus (1.25 a ride per person). 24/7 operation. Taxi to the strip (Resort to Paris in our example) is 15.00 without tip. To airport (make sure they don't hit the highway or you'll pay an arm and a leg) is 18 without tip. Be wary of the cab drivers though... a lot of them will insist on taking the highway if you catch a cab on the north end of the strip - stratosphere, etc - instruct them to take local only even if the cab driver protests, you'll save a bundle. If you cab driver goes the local route instead of the highway, you know you have a good cabbie - tip him/her well. Reviews of vegas in general... Use the safe!!! don't bring a ton of cash with you. There are a lot of shady people going up and down the strip. Ironically enough the police presence is non existent. The casinos have rent a cops, but they can't do much anyways. Stay in groups, avoid questionable areas - north strip by the stratosphere is a great example. Lastly, if you really want to see all casinos - we did in one week - you will have to then go to Planet Hollywood. I would not recommend making that stop, but it is a requirement if your goal is to hit every casino on your vacation. All casinos have timeshare &quot;lead generators&quot; at the doors... but of them all, Planet Hollywood had at least 3-4 per door and they would not let you pass unless you practically pushed them out of the way. They are extremely aggressive. Beware of their presentation - check ripoffreport.com for more info if you don't believe me. We didn't sit for any presentation, but if we had to choose one to sit through, it would not be Planet Hollywood. Overall 3 of 5 rating on the facilities of the resort5 of 5 on the staff - they're great. 4 of 5 on Vegas in general - more crime than the south side of Chicago.	
Sep 21 2008 	Very comfortable	We were there the week of September 14th. We were pleasantly surprised how quiet it was. We had a one bedroom first floor unit. We rented a car from Enterprise, directly across the street &amp; with our GPS had no trouble getting around. Went to see Cher at Caesars, awesome show. Parking is free at all casinos, there is self parking, but we prefered to use valet, only a $2.00-3.00 tip is expected. Also toured Hoover Dam, again awesome &amp; Lake Mead has fantastic scenery. Completely equipped kitchen except for a tiny trash can. The only other trash can is in the bathroom. Didn't hear cars starting in the nearby covered lot. The two pools, one for kids with a water feature &amp; the adult pools were great. Also as mentioned before in another review there are gas grills with tools obtained at the front desk. There is also a game room. The two PC's were very convienent, they have 30 minute timers so there is no problem getting access. We asked for a fan for white noise &amp; one was promptly brought. There are renovating two buildings at a time, there was no noise to disturb us. I suspect after renovation the units will be more upscale. The front desk &amp; concierge were very helpful. We felt very safe as this is a gated complex &amp; after 9PM access is by code if in a car or by your card if you are walking. There is a Walgreens down about four blocks &amp; a pub about two blocks thet we walked to in the evening. We didn't cook, but stores are close by with a car &amp; gas stations. We enjoyed our stay.	
Aug 21 2008	A Relaxing Family Stay	A good place to stay away from the strip in Las Vegas. No daily maid service, but clean and comfortable. A good time share if you want to just rest.	
Aug 4 2008 	Good for a week	We stayed at the Desert Paradise for 7 nights in early July 2008. The resort is a timeshare resort which is relatively small and situated about 3 miles from the strip. The nearest big casino is the Orleans Hotel which is about a 15 minute walk. My impressions of the resort are generally good. It is clean and tidy although I feel the rooms are a little tired and would benefit from a refurbishment. On arrival the reception staff were very welcoming and efficient. The concierge was also very helpful and provided any information we needed. We were asked though on two occasions if we fancied a tour of the resort for the usual timeshare sales.We politely declined. My party consisted of 5 persons, two couples and my 16 year old son. The unit had plenty of room and was comfortable. The resort does have a shuttle service to the strip. People have complained about this on previous reviews however if you pre book it like you were asked to it always arrived and was prompt. The Paradise also has two pools and plenty of sun beds. gas BBQ's are also available near to the adult pool. Overall the desert Paradise is a good resort which is far enough away from the strip to give you a little peace and quiet when you need it.	
Jul 27 2008 	Very pleasant stay	Enjoyed our stay at the Desert Paradise Resort. Apartments are a good size and well equipped. Be aware that there are no twin bedrooms so if you have kids they will have to double up in the same bed.Some of the furnishings are looking a bit tired and need replacing or deep cleaning...but nothing too major.Facilities generally are well maintained and clean - pool areas are excellent with bbq's available.Make sure your get an apartment away from the front main road (Decatar) as that is busy and you may feel a little insecure that people can see you coming and going easily. This is our second visit to the complex and both times we've had accommodation on the Reno side of the complex and this has been no problem.I would recommend this place if you want to visit Vegas but stay somewhere a little off strip without the bling bling of the casino's.	
Apr 25 2008	Poor service for a time share	We went there with part of our family who owns a time share. It was their first time in Las Vegas.First we were so disappointed by the location, it is easy 3 miles away from the Strip! No way to go there by walk. When you arrive they tell you not to worry because they have shuttle service. But a very poor service, only 2 or 3 shuttles a day, sometimes they drop you off on the Strip but no shuttle to pick you up in the evening. But they will help you for sure to reserve a taxi!!! What a help!We were 6 adults and our little boy. I took care of calling few weeks ahead to reserve a rollaway bed. I was told not to worry, that I could not reserve one ahead, but that there will be no problem to ask for on at check-in. This is what we did at 1.00pm. At 4.00pm, still no bed in the room, I went to double check and was told it was coming right away. Then at 5.00pm, after going back to the front desk, I was told the ones they still had remaining were broken and they did not want to give it to me not to injure my boy. After asking why it took 4 hours to tell this to me, we agreed that they would bring me a mattress only, which was fine for 2 nights only. At 7.00pm, I was pissed off, still nothing, I proposed myself to take the mattress myself if they had nobody. I had to get mad to have somebody bring me a very bad mattress, that I throw out of the bedroom. And know what, after 5 minutes, they brang a rollaway bed magically!!! Which did not look like broken by the way. We have been so disappointed by this porr service, and the fact that they were lying to us during all the afternoon. As I told them, they should have told me right away sorry Sir, we have nothing available. A kind of manager even told me &quot;I should have called before to reserve one&quot;. We were completely mad. Otherwise, the furniture is very limited in terms of plates, glasses, etc...appartment is OK otherwise, nice beds, nice bathrooms.My aunt who invited us was very disappointed witht his experience and will complain to her time share company.Better stay at an hotel on the strip if you want to enjoy Vegas!	
Jan 18 2008 	Satisfied Stay	I bought a 4 night stay in a one bedroom condo. Other than the maid not speaking/understanding one lick of English, empty the trashcan, I've had an enjoyable stay. I was fortunate that the sun was shinning, mid 50's and I walked to the strip. Took me about half an hour to get to the NYNY. I took one cab ride from the Bellagio back to the Resort and that ran (with tip) $15.00. I was a bit surpised at the Decor. Nice blinds, but wouldn't open. Nice piece of pottery on the coffee table and the lid was glued on tight. Tiny, old fashioned showerhead. Just little things like that.I would recommend this place if you want peace and quiet and are satisfied with Department Store/have seen better days furnishings.	
Dec 1 2007 	Acceptable but better can be had	Sunterra’s Desert Paradise Resort is a property that caters primarily to the time-share crowd. While I didn’t note anything particularly bad about the facility during my five day stay there, neither did I note anything particularly good. In short, I can best sum up the general experience as mediocre, especially when compared to similar types of properties in the area at similar rates.During my five day stay there I occupied a 1 bedroom suite. The suite comes with several amenities including:-A full kitchen with a full size refrigerator, microwave, stove &amp; oven, dishwasher, and a minimum complement of utensils and dinnerware.-A washer and dryer (one of the few amenities not usually offered in this type of property).-Two TV’s (bedroom and living room)-DVD and VCR players (living room only)-Patio with table and chairsWhile the list of amenities definitely puts the resort ahead of a typical Las Vegas hotel room, closer inspection reveals that this property suffers in comparison to similar types of properties in the Las Vegas area that can be had at similar rates. Points which detract from the amenities and the overall experience include:- A bland, uninspired and incongruous interior décor with mediocre quality furniture in mediocre condition. Specifically, the décor is typical Best Western but with no universal theme, either in a particular room or throughout the suite. The quality of the furniture and furnishings can best be described as WalMart or Target quality and, although not falling apart, the majority has definitely seen better days and looked it. Other properties of this type offer much better furnishings and much nicer decors.- The appliances are all Whirlpool’s economy models. So don’t expect any of the better features such as a timer for the oven. Again, similar types of properties in this area offer better models of appliances with more features.- The same can be said of the TVs and DVD player. The TV does not offer anyway to access the DVD input directly. Instead you have to turn the TV to channel 2 and then change the channel down one on the remote to access the auxiliary input. It appears that the remote was specifically made for hotel rooms and doesn’t anticipate the need for the TV to access an auxiliary input. I never did figure out how to access the VCR from the TV, but since it wasn’t plugged into the TV and I didn’t have any videocassettes I wanted to play I didn’t worry about it. I guess the management expects you to unplug the cables from the back of the DVD player and plug them into the VCR if you want to use it. Also, only an average compliment of TV channels was available (I was really looking forward to watching AMC and there was, of course, no HBO, Cinemax, or other premium channels), and there was no channel listing or guide available.Again, the entertainment compares well to the average Las Vegas hotel room, but other properties of this type in this area offer much better setups with a full compliment of channels, a channel guide, a full featured remote, etc. In other words, much more like home.An even more glaring deficiency, even compared to standard hotel rooms, is the lack of free WiFi access. At Sunterra’s Paradise Resort you have to pay for WiFi: a minimum of $22 for 3 days or $40 per week (although free access is available in the lobby). And sadly, in my suite, I had to be within 4 ft. of a window before I could even connect to it (and that’s with a brand new MacBook Pro). These days even economy hotels offer free WiFi.There are many other examples of a bent towards economy in the furnishings, for example:-The floor creaked loudly when I walked on it (no consequence to me but I can imagine what it was like for the residents below me).-All of the light bulbs used are the lowest wattage possible (there never seemed to be enough light in any room even with all of the fixtures turned on.)-There were only two small waste cans for the entire suite, one next to the toilet and the other hidden in the kitchen pantry.-There was a large walk-in closet for the bedroom but it only came with 12 hangers, and the coat closet in the living room had none.-There were no towel racks in the bathroom. Only a single towel hook next to the shower and a double hook on the door to the toilet.-The bathroom had a standard tub and low-flow showerhead. No water massage.Again, none of the preceding can be considered a significant deficiency (with the possible exception of the WiFi access) when compared to an economy hotel room, but together they present a pervasive air of economy and significantly detract from the overall experience. Especially when compared to similar types of properties in the area at similar prices.Lastly, outside of the suite itself, the bent towards economy and a lack of consideration for the guests continued. One example is that the pool and Jacuzzi were both closed (ostensibly for maintenance) during my stay. A note given to me at registration indicated that they would both be closed from September through November. A friend of mine that lives in the area indicated that this is a frequent tactic used by area hotels so they don’t have to heat their pool facilities in the cold weather. Another example is that the grounds keeping staff decided that they would manicure the rockscape next to the guest’s parking stalls while the guest’s cars were still parked in them, covering them with a thick layer of dust in the process. Normal consideration of the guests would have dictated that the affected stalls be roped off or, at least, the guests warned to move their vehicles.Would I stay there again? Possibly, if no other similar facilities were available (the one I normally stay at was booked). Certainly the price was reasonable (although Expedia indicated that I received a highly discounted rate). And the location is only about 20 minutes from the south end of the strip during rush hour (10 to 15 minutes at less congested times) if that’s your objective. But, given a choice, much better accommodations can be had for the same or even less price.	
Nov 7 2007 	A wonderful Experience	We were looking for a relaxing 10 day stay and found it.Itis what we expected from a Sunterra property.We are Time Share oriented so we knew what we were supposed to get and got it.One of the standouts was the concierge service,helping us before and after our stay.The proximity to the casinos was just right,away from but not to far.WWerner	
Oct 11 2007 	Great For Old Folk More like a retirement village than a resort	Nice property not far from the strip. We took our 3 kids here for a few nights prior to moving to a 'strip hotel' (not the naked kind!!). We decided to wash some clothes at around 8pm only to get a rude call from the reception desk advising that our kids were making too much noise ('running riot' I recall was the term used) for the downstairs guests. As they had been asleep for around half an hour we could only put it down to the noise from the washer. These are domestic buildings NOT commercial properties, hence there is very little between you and the next guest. I apologised the next morning to the guests under us, and they gave the impression that short term guests like us are an interruption to their lifestyle. We are in our mid 30's, so we are not your loud 20 somethings.The property is nice and pool was good for the kids, but the older people 60 and 70 year olds (may have been time share owners) frowned at our kids splashing in the pool as they lazed in their floating chairs.Upon checkout we were hassled by the time share people, as we were some 15000km from home, it was highly unlikely that we would have invested in their schemes, and they were quite ok with that.We would probraly not stay here again, due to the uneasy feeling that we got from the older residents, but would recommend this place to my nanna and pop.	
Oct 11 2007 	Shock and Awe	We stayed at the Desert Paradise Resort when we visited Vegas for my sister-in-laws wedding. We are so pleased that we stayed off strip! The resort was typical timeshare. The apartment was clean, spacious and welcoming. We stayed in a two bedroom apartment. The exterior of resort was being decorated whilst we were there but there was minimal disruption and the buildings looked much better for it. The pool area was also undergoing some renovation and one pool and spa was completely closed - this meant that everyone was crammed around the family pool - it was busy but not too bad.The resort staff were friendly but the concierge were a bit of a nightmare - they were calling us sometimes twice daily to try and get us to see an apartment even though we had told them that we were not interested and that we already had a timeshare.The message finally got through on about day 5 out of 7!!Overall I would recomend this resort but be firm with the staff.	
Sep 19 2007 	a good place to stay	The Desert Paradise resort is situated about 2 miles from the strip, running parallel to it. It is in quite a quiet location,but the road can be busy in the morning. The apartments are well appointed with plenty of closet space. There is a good sized room for washing and drying. The car parking is undercover which keeps the cars cool from the sun. The swimming pool area can only be entered by use of the door keys. There is also a good water play area for the children. There is a family pool and hot tub, as well as an adult only pool and hot tub,(closed for the entire week we were there) Unfortunately there is no control over whether children go in the adult only pool. A minibus goes down to the strip, but only at certain times in the early evening. Parking is free at the casinos. There is coffee available in the reception area. A good place to stay.	
Sep 5 2007	Nothing compared to the pictures	This timeshare was given to us to use and it was not what the pictures they have looked like. The pool area in the pictures they show are not as crisp and gorgeous when you see this place in person. This property was actually an apartment complex and it's not one of their best which they told us at the timeshare presentation, which is a joke. They are in the process of renovating this property but they told us that it's going to be a while. You can see the crackling in the bathroom toilet seats, tubs, etc. Not all cookware was there that was suppose to be there. Not much room to walk in the main master bedroom, I bumped the tv cabinet twice and hit my toe, it's too close to the bed. Adult pool? sure...kids were using it. Clean? yes, but when you try to walk through the pool area to get to the main lobby, you have to walk through everyone's shoes, slippers, towels, toys etc. which could be hazardous because it's not enough room and you could fall into the pool. The presentation manager for the timeshare is the most rudest man on the face of this earth, he was a jerk. I came very close to signing the dotted line but wanted till the end of the day to decide...he just came back to us and cussed at us and said you guys are just here to get the damn free gifts...what freakin gifts? a show ticket, buffet lunch...I could do away with that. I told them at sunterra that i would never ever buy one of their properties. Once you check in, they make you go to the next counter where they talk you into going to the presentation.	
Sep 1 2007	Apartment was quiet	Nice and quiet, I did not use the facilities that it has to offer. I would suggest a rental car if you are looking to explore the strip or anywhere else. Overall a good and quiet place to relax.	
Aug 29 2007 	good hotel	great location however must rent a car if you choose to be around the strips partylife but a great place nice pool, clean room would def. comeback and stay here or other sunterra resorts	
Aug 27 2007 	A pleasant surprise	We had purchased a Sunterra Escapes package in March of 2006 and stayed at the Desert Paradise Resort in Las Vegas to use our points. It was our first time in Vegas and we thought the resort was great. It was just my husband and I (both 30). When we booked, all that was left were 2 bedroom suites, so that was what we were given. It was may more space than we needed, but we liked having an extra room to put our luggage in so our room seemed very tidy the whole time. It was great having 2 bathrooms also.Overall, the resort was certainly not 5-star, but it was very nice. The beds were so comfortable!The adult pool and hot tub were not working while we were there which was a little disappointing, but the family pool was great.Being off-strip, we did rent a car and we never had a problem driving through town or finding parking spaces at any of the casinos on the strip. There is a shuttle to the strip from the hotel, but it doesn't run very late at night.Overall, I think this was a great place to stay, very relaxing and affordable. It would be terrific for a family.	
Aug 26 2007 	OK Stay	Just got back from a stay at the Desert Paradise Resort. We had a two bedroom unit. Basic unit, but comfortable - including bed. Pool was nice, my children were with us and took advantage of it a few times. They had a big waterfall which was a lot of fun. Had a few relatively minor issues (no batteries in the remote, and garbage disposal that didn't work). However, the property responded quickly when notified of the issues. The property met our needs - nothing more, nothing less. Location was fine. Highly advisable to rent a car however. Had we not had one, would have been a number of fairly costly cab rides.	
Aug 18 2007	Great... until I saw the roach	Perfect location away from the jammed Strip! You definately need a car, though there is a shuttle for guests (last run is at 10:00 pm). If you want casino action, the Orleans is very close and easy to get to.Upon first glance, the place is great, especially for families. It is like a condo and the units have their own washers/dryers. My stay was clean and comfy... until I saw the gigantic roach running through the living room on my way out the door to check out (I dropped everything, emptied my bags and shook them out!). If that doesn't bother you, then enjoy. But, if you are squeemish like me, then I recommend that you don't unpack and keep everything zipped and off the floor. Beware the timeshare pitch. If you don't want to go to a &quot;presentation,&quot; then refuse all gifts. Nothing comes free.	
Jun 19 2007 	This Is The Most Informative Review You Will Read	My wife &amp; I spent a week in a two bedroom upstairs condo at the Sunterra Desert Paradise Resort in June 07. The neighbors below us had problems with ants and air conditioning, but we were luckier. Our A/C froze up once, so I went to the front office to report it and immediately walked back to the condo. When I arrived, the maintenance man was already there and had the unit cooling in a matter of minutes. That was the only problem we had with anything ... and it really wasn't a problem, because they fixed it immediately. Our condo was clean and had a full kitchen, washer &amp; dryer, an iron, a TV in the living room, a TV in each of the bedrooms, large closets and a balcony. The living room TV also had a DVD player. The decor &amp; furnishings aren't exactly upscale or luxurious, but they are more than adequate. There is plenty of covered parking to protect your vehicle from the hot Vegas sun. The front office has two computers and a printer for guests to use. (There is a 30 minute time limit on using the computers.) The staff is very nice and attentive to the guests. There are two nice pools, one for families and one for adults only. Both are clean and plenty large enough. There are also 4 gas grills near the adult pool for guests to use. This resort is located on South Decatur, a couple of miles from the strip. Nothing is within a reasonable walking distance except a convenience store and a Walgreens, so you'll need a car. Enterprise Car Rental has a location directly across the street from the resort. I walked over to it on my first day and drove away in a nice vehicle about 10 minutes later. The strip is an easy drive down Tropicana, which is one of the main east-west streets through Vegas. Although the streets often have a lot of traffic, they are easy to navigate and it's pretty simple to find your way around. You can see the hotels on the strip from miles away, so you don't have to wonder if you're headed in the right direction. All of the hotel-casinos have plenty of free covered parking. The Orleans Casino &amp; Hotel is located about half way between the resort and the strip. It's not as new &amp; fancy as most of the casinos on the strip, but it's large, it's nice and it's very convenient. If you want to be near the strip, but away from the hustle &amp; bustle, this is a nice place to stay. It's clean, quiet and safe. The front gate is closed around 8:00 or 9:00 pm, but guests can come &amp; go anytime with the access code that opens the gate. WARNING: If you are thinking of visiting The Skywalk at Grand Canyon West, you need to know this. It is 120 miles away and not a bad drive, except for 14 of the last 18 miles. There is only one way in and one way out. You'll have to drive across 14 miles of unpaved, very rough, rocky, bumpy, extremely dusty road to get there. And you'll probably get stuck in a line of cars going 15 MPH. Maybe you can get around them, but even if you do, it is difficult to drive much faster than about 25 or 30 MPH. .......... Admission to the Skywalk is $25, but that's not all. It is located on an Indian Reservation and the Indians require you to purchase a &quot;tour package&quot; to get to the Skywalk. The cheapest tour package is $49 per person, plus another $5 tax or fees or whatever, for a total of $54 per person. ..... And if you want to walk out onto the Skywalk, it'll cost you another $25. The tour consists of a 1 or 2 mile bus ride to the Skywalk and a couple of observation points along the Grand Canyon. The tour includes a meal of a small piece of BBQ chicken, some corn, a piece of stale cake and a cup of warm lemonade. The canyon is beautiful, but I considered this particular visit to be a rip-off and I don't recommend it. There are other areas where you can see the Grand Canyon by paying a nominal fee to enter a National Park. .............. Enjoy Vegas!	
Jun 5 2007 	Sunterra is Excellent	Three female adults stayed in a one bedroom for a week. We are very good friends, so 2 of us slept in the king bed and the other friend slept on the hide-a-bed in the living room. We loved the unit, there was plenty of space and it was well furnished and very clean. The pool area was very nice with an adult pool and children's pool and 2 hot tubs. It was an easy drive to the Orleans (3 mins) and we had a rental car. It was very easy to drive from the Sunterra to all amenities. We would not hesitate to stay at this property again. I would give it a 4+ out of 5. PS - there is a washer and dryer in the unit, but we didn't have time to use them.	
May 20 2007	Amazing!	5 of us stayed for 7 nights at the Sunterra Desert Paradise Resort in October 2006. We had driven from Los Angeles in a hire car so it was no problem for us to be off the strip. Coming over the hill and seeing Las Vegas was GrEaT! We all screamed with delight lol.Our 2 bedroom apartment overlooked the carpark but were not fussy and the apartment was gorgeous so it made up for it. There were 2 bedrooms (doubles) 1 with en-suite and my brother slept on a fold out sofa in the living room. The closet in the master bedroom was HUGE. It was like a separate room! It was very quiet (im assuming because of it being October) and there were times when it was just us 5 in the pool area. The pool is lovely, however at this time it wasnt heated - but like i said, were not fussy and infact it turned into a game of who could stand it the longest! The kitchen was a decent size. 1 night our hungry english bellies got the better of us and we went and found a dominos pizza - mainly to see if it was better than the english ones (it wasnt lol). At the top of the road was a supermarket, chemist and a place to develop photos. As it was 2 yrs ago i cant really remember how long it would take to drive to the strip and park in one of the hotels but i would say it was no more than 10 to 15mins. The strip was absolutly amazing and it was like a magical place! Having fun in the hotels that we had drooled over in the brochures was an unforgettable experience.My favourite hotel was the mirage, with the white tigers, dolphins and lions. It was absoltutly unbelieavble!! The Aladdin was just a DREAM for shopping.For those on a budget Sunterra is a brilliant idea. I would defo go back, although not until im 21 so i can enjoy a drink and a spot of gambling! lol. If i won the lottery i would probably stay in the hotels but the Sunterra was lovely and i cannot fault it in anyway. Oh, and looking towards the strip from the Sunterra and seeing the light from the luxor shoot into the sky was great! ;)	
Apr 29 2007	bus shuttle service	was shuttled to downtown , dropped off at treasure island and told by driver we would be picked up at this location at 10;20. at approx 10;45 we had to call taxi cab back to room. when we got back , i went to lobby to ask what had happened and the staff was kinda rude . apparently they forgot to tell us that they dont pick you up where they drop you off. and that the pick up place was at ny,ny casino. that info would of been pretty important to us since we were from out of town and had no idea where we were suppose to be.	
Apr 22 2007	Sunterra Desert Paradise condo resort	We stayed a week at this condo resort in early April, and had a very enjoyable stay. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the condo was clean and in good shape. The pool area was very nice and we grilled steaks one night on one of the big gas grills in the pool area. It was nice being away from the Strip and relaxing on the condo's large shaded lanai or resting on a lounge chair by the pool. We would certainly stay here again.	
Apr 11 2007 	Nice and Roomy	We sat in on another timeshare and got a 3-days 2-nights at the Desert Paradise. We had to pay extra for booking the stay during a weekend. We had a 2 bedroom unit. It was large and roomy. That's one advantage it had over a hotel room, lots of space. It was typically funished and had a separate room for the washer and dryer. The only problem was the thin walls. We can hear the people in the unit above us. The plumbing was also loud. And it takes a long time for the water to get hot. They have a security gate that is closed after 8pm. Only guests with the gate code can get in. I've read in earlier posts about getting things stolen, but we didn't have any problems.	
Apr 4 2007	Typical Condo Experience	My husband and I vacation in Las Vegas at least once a year. In the past we have always stayed on the Strip at either The Paris or The Bellagio, so maybe we have been spoiled! My in laws gave us their week timeshare at the Sunterra, that's why we went for the condo route this time around. We found the condo to be very dated, my husband called it the contractors special. A very very basic, no frills condo. We had a nice balcony off of the living area, but the trees were soo overgrown around the balcony that there was no seeing through them. The masterbathroom had what looked to be a jetted tub, but after a closer look, it was just a big bathtub. The 2nd bedroom had a bathroom off of it, which was nice, we had family come and stay with us for a couple of days. Housekeeping was a joke! We arrived on a Friday for a week long stay, they showed up on Monday and we still aren't too sure what they did, if anything, other than replacing the towels. They didn't replace things like soap, shampoo, dish detergent.. ect.. I don't believe that they vacuumed. The condo did have a washer/dryer.. no laundry detergent was supplied, so bring your own. The grounds were just ok. They have a couple of pools, just your basic, nothing fancy. They have a fitness center which was nice. Locked gates at night, 24 hour front desk service. The morning before our flight out we went down to the front desk and they printed out our plane tickets for us, that was a nice service. I would say the heart of the strip is a good 3-4 miles away from the condo and with strip traffic it typically takes about 30 minutes. I think this complex is best suited for a family. Being a young married couple with no kids this just wasn't the place for us.	
Feb 3 2007 	Excellent resort	This hotel belongs to the Sunterra Getaway group of hotels.We stayed in there last week.This campus of apartments is located few kilometers away from the hussle and bussle of the Strip. Great to get away all the neon lights and razmataz of Las vegas.The campus has about 30 apartments. We stayed in a 2 bed room apartment. The rooms were well furnished with king size beds and one of the had large window. Both rooms were equiped with large tv and one more tv in the living room ! TVs galore indeed. The master bed room was ensuite and the other one had bathroom connected to the living room. The place was very clean and tidy. The kitchen had a large fridge, washing machine, dish washer - all in working order.There are near by shops around to do your grocery shopping and store it in the fridge.The place was cleaned twice a week. They left us lot of towels in the bath room to last for the whole week. Bathrooms were very clean and had 24 hour hot water supply. There is a heated swimming pool which can be used 24 hours. Even though I didn't use it I saw someone enjoying it in the cold wintery day morning.There is also a well equiped gym to use it. The gym was open for about 2 hours in the morning.The parking area was immense. Everyone can have a safe parking if you rent a car. Renting a car is advisable if you stay in this place as the strip is about 6 miles away. The hotel provides curtesy shuttle van 3 times a day during the week days and every hour in the week end.We enjoyed our stay there.	
Dec 21 2006	Great Place To Stay!	This place was great! We stayed during Thanksgiving and this resort was fantastic! The one bedroom unit was awesome (has a great kitchen, washer/dryer). This place was very quiet and not too far from the strip.	
Sep 15 2006 	Great Family Place	We received a free weekend from a timeshare presentation we went to. After reading some negative reviews we weren't sure what to expect. SURPRISE, this place was wonderful!!!!! It was clean, decorated beautifully. The bathroom had a large tub that the kids and myself loved. This place had everything you would need. The new pool was awesome and the kids enjoyed jumping in the waterfall. We can't wait to stay again.	
Aug 12 2006	Wonderful Vegas Accomodation	We were given 2 free nights from another timeshare experience so didn't have high hopes but boy, were we surprised! The place is gorgeous, huge condo with separate bedroom, kitchen, living room - nice pools - one is heated - get up early and go in; waterfall - we did some shopping and cooked breakfast in the room - the staff is terrific. I had planned for friends and family to surpise my husband with cards/gifts and Lisa, the concierge, had them all collected and displayed with 2 gift baskets when we arrived - so special. I wish we could have stayed longer, a far cry from a little motel room.	
Aug 1 2006 	Great Resort no hassle	This was a Time Share Exchange through Interval International,we exchanged a week at the Dessert Paradise .Wow were we surprised,great front staff NO sales pitches at all they left us completely alone but were always there to help with info.We were there to not really frequent the strip even though it was a very easy journey.We were there with our 13/15 year olds to Sea-Doo on Lake Mead ,which has lots of different areas to it.(Fantastic)The resorts suites were HUGE with walk in closets the size of a single room,we had a two bedroom suite everything was great,each room had a queen bed and a queen pullout in the living room 3 TV's ,safe in the master(free) It was about 120 degrees the air conditioning worked a treat and we saw 1 cockroach in the car park. No noise from the road the swimming pools were really nice cool,one general with a waterfall and the other adult,they were open really late lots of nice pool towels and cushioned lounges .Very nice stainless Steel Barbecues I think there were 4 of them------Maid Service came in the middle of the week did a good job clean towels etc.We will deffinetly return to this resort if we are doing something similar with the family ,having such a huge space was great.	
Jun 13 2006	Would Stay Here Again	Booked a stay through the &quot;Entertainment Book&quot; that specifcally did not require a time-share sell meeting. When my husband and I arrived we were given a 15 minute talk about reasons why we should attend such a meeting. We indicated we had no intention of attending and not to bother us again. We were not bothered but we did not appreciate the attempt to have us attend a session when we clearly indicated at booking we were not interested. Overall our accommodations were nice. Based on Tripadvisor reviews I had read, I requested a non-smoking 2nd floor unit away from the Decatur traffic. My request was granted. The unit was very spacious and clean. There was, however, a slight problem with bugs by the sliding door. The bathtub plunger system did not work properly and my husband finally got the tub to hold water on the last day of our stay. It was suppose to have been a whirpool tub which it was not. The toilet would not shut off properly. We could have called for maintenance, but didn't want to risk being approached about a sales talk and did not find the problems to great to live with. I had read reviews which expressed concerns about robbery, etc. Whenever we leave our accommodations, we always put up a Do Not Disturb sign and leave the television on. Having a washer and dryer in the unit allowed us to purchase laundry soap so we did not need to request fresh linens. Will stay here again. Good value for the cost.	
Apr 30 2006	Be Careful!	Upon arriving at the Sunterra Desert Paradise Resorts we were met with budget accomadations at best. The property is a time share resort that I am sure has seen better days. The staff was very friendly. Midweek we were scheduled for linen exchange. Upon arriving home the evening of the linen exchange we noticed that a person in our group had their luggage rummaged through. Upon further inspection we learned that some items had been taken. I am glad that prior to going to Vegas we had read reviews posted on this web site and read that another family had been robbed; so we had taken all our high valued items with us earlier that morning. We reported the incident to management and were told that we would receive an update later in the day. We received nothing! For all those considering this place to stay, please be careful and keep an eye on your valuables!!	
Apr 3 2006	Disappointed	Our unit was in the back of the building with a view of the back end of a strip center and a huge overflow drainage culvert not to mention that it was also close to the main street. The noise from the traffic was terrible. The major problem is that when we came back to our unit around midnite and being gone since 8:30 AM, our keys would not open the door. (Sounds suspicious). Went to the front desk and they called security. Security could not open the door with their device. He went around to sliding door and found it open (not knowing at the time that it had been pried open). He then let us in and &quot;gee whiz&quot;, we were &quot;burgalized&quot;. The police were called and did not arrive until around 3AM. Never got to bed until around 5AM because we were not going to stay in that same room so we moved to another room which was just as noisy. The resort filed a claim with their insurance company. When we arrived home from our vacation (five days of driving), a letter had come from the insurance company denying our claim that the resort was not legally liable for our loss. We will never go back there. This is to inform other vacationers to be aware of their surroundings.	
Feb 9 2006	Fabulous	Stayed in a 2 bedroomed apartment. Staff were wonderful, we arrived after a very long transatlantic flight and although check in time was 3pm the Staff allowed us to check in immediately. The apartment was beautiful and spotless. Having our own washing machine and dryer was a bonus. Loved the location, have been visiting Las Vegas for over 20 years now and love it but we find the traffic on the strip a bit much so it is wonderful to stay &quot;off strip&quot;. Cannot stress how lovely this resort is.	
Jan 30 2006	Too far off the strip	The accomodations were ok, somewhat like a larger hotel room. It was not handy to get back and forth to the strip without the extra expense of renting a car. Lots of walking and bus riding going to the main casino areas.	
Jan 1 2006	Pretty good.	Over all, the Sunterra Desert Paradise was an excellent place to stay. Our party consisted of my husband, my daughter, and one of her friends, and we had a first floor two bedroom suite.The rooms were nice (the girls particularly loved them because this meant that they could hide from me and my husband and not have to be bothered by us constantly as one would have to be in a regular hotel room). We encountered some problems later on in the week, with things such as one side of the stove stopped working when one of the girls was trying to fix tea, and the bathroom plug getting vacuumed to the floor (though that was probably our fault.)The staff was very friendly. Theo, one of the van drivers (at certain times every day a van will take you to one of a few places on the strip), was a very nice man and told us and other guests a lot of interesting information. All the other staff was extremely polite and funny.The fact that the Sunterra is off strip is nice, but it's sometimes hard to get a taxi back to it late at night because you have to know the exact address. Most taxi drivers don't know where &quot;the Sunterra Desert Paradise Resort&quot; is, so you have to tell them 5115 Decauter (or whatever it was. My memories faulty, and normally my husband or daughter said it.) I'd also suggest that you get a second story suite because on the first floor, we could hear everything going on upstairs.	
Nov 11 2005	Home from home	We stayed here for 6 nights in October during a month-long trip around the Southwest and was such a contrast to the 2/4 nighters in various stopovers. We found the resort to be first class and extremely comfortable; we pampered the two of us by renting a 2-bedroomed apartment - cost £563BP from Expedia.What you get: apartments are in blocks of 4 (2up/2down),roomy,thickly-carpeted,private entrance (no next door),very clean throughout, lounge,diner,full kitchen,balcony (not overlooked), 3 TVs/DVDplayer, washer/drier (very useful on a month's trip.What you don't get: noisy/drunk neighbours, passers-by, doors banging(etc as you may in conventional hotels), pressure to join activities or any sales spiel.There is some road noise at night wherever you go in LV but Decatur is not one of the busiest and did'nt pose a problem. The strip is not walkable from here.	
Oct 11 2005	It's OK and I would stay there again with One Caveat	My husband and I borrowed a friend's time share and stayed at the Desert Paradise resort from Sept 19 to Sept 26. IT's not on the strip, it's on Decatur, near Tropicana, past I-15. We had a vehicle, so this wasn't a serious problem.It's looks like the Sunterra Timeshare people took over a apartment complex, furnished the units and did some cosmetic upgrades. I have no interest in buying a timeshare. From my research, it became apparent that this is a poor investment. Using the property did nothing to dissuade my belief that timeshare selling is a con job. Used car dealers appear honest next to these sellers. They gave us the pitch, but we still said no. The rooms do look great and everything you could need is available in the unit, including washer and dryer and a full size kitchen with cookware, not just a microwave oven. The housekeeping was respectable and there were no issues with service.Our concern was with facility maintenance items, overlooked by management- such as:1. You could feel the nails on the tack strip near the bedroom/bathroom area where they laid in the new carpeting. A sign of sloppy installation. 2. We used the sofabed in the living room. The sofa was cheaply made and served the purpose, but was difficult to open the bed out. The hardware was very stiff and needed oil lubricant. 3. The blinds were rusted and difficult to use.4. The HVAC (central air conditioning system) unit was often loud. The dampers needed to be reset and recalibrated, but it was not worth bothering management with this issue. A new pool was installed outside our resort unit. It looked like it was completed, but was closed most of the time during our visit. If I bought the timeshare membership and it was my week to use the complex, I would be angry.HERE'S THE CAVEAT:The checkout time. IT's 10 AM. Not 12 PM , not 11 AM, IT'S 10 AM. I could not find any other guests that found this arrangement acceptable.Nonetheless, I would still use the place again. I liked the idea of a furnished apartment for our stay.	
Jun 13 2005	Staff was very nice	The condo was big with a lot of closet space. Kitchen was big. The staff was extremely helpful and courteous. I would recommend renting a car, as it is far from the casinos. We really enjoyed our stay.	
Apr 14 2005	Fantastic Relaxing Oasis		
Apr 14 2005	Absolutely Fabulous		
Apr 13 2005	Loved the Appartment		
Apr 8 2005	Very nice!		
Mar 25 2005	Nice offstrip property		
Oct 25 2004	nice off-strip condo		
Sep 30 2004	Loved this family place!		
Jul 25 2004	We stay here every time we come to Vegas!!!		
Sep 2 2003	nice folk bad bed noisy		
Apr 4 2003	Best Kept Secret in Las Vegas		
