	Wonderful Thanksgiving Stay	We spent our Thanksgiving week at Summer Bay Resort Las Vegas and had a wonderful time. We exchanged for the week through Trading Places International. Check-In on Sunday was a breeze and we were very pleased with our one-bedroom first-floor condo. The accomodations were newly renovated and decorated and quite comfortable. King-size bed, two wall mounted plasma TV's, huge tub and shower, and all of the appliances and utensils one could need. The location to the Strip was convenient for everything from early morning runs along the strip, to nightly strolls. We did have our own transportation for the week, but noticed non-stop shuttles from the resort for those without their own transportation. The pool and hot tub jacuzzi were right outside our door and were clean, practically vacant every time we used them, and very enjoyable. All of the employees that we encountered were very pleasant and helpful. The only negative experience that I can even comment on was that the wireless internet became unavailable at mid-week, and was out the rest of the week. The construction issues were minimal and not disruptive in the least way. If you are looking for a quiet and comfortable place to stay, and still within easy access to the Strip, Summer Bay Resort would be high on my list of places to consider.	
Oct 30 2009 	VERY NICE	I had a seminar in vegas and we got to this resort by a Time share offer I got in miami. I was a afraid it will be horrible...but i was so surprised! it was amazing, very close to the strip but still quite. the room was so great and clean. We loved it!!! great location and great value!!Good future when they finish the construction.	
Sep 28 2009 	BUYER - BEWARE.......	I purchased a week at Summer Bay Resorts on Koval and was very disappointed with the &quot;resort&quot;. Be careful when you book this trip because their Internet site photos are not what the resort really looks like. When we arrived by taxi there were tractors in front of the resort, and the main pool with what was suppose to be a waterfall had a chain link fence around it. It was very hot, and the air-conditioning in the main reception area which is another condo, wasn't working properly. The taxi driver was told to put our luggage under a patio umbrella by some lawn chairs in front of the building. After we registered, there wasn't anyone around to take our luggage to our condo which was quite a distance to walk in the heat. When we finally found our condo, our key would not open the door - so we had to go back to the main (condo) which is a make-shift office, for another key that did work. It was quite a hassle.The condo was very small, but nice and clean. There were two flat screened TV's, but the one in the bedroom was too close to the bed. The air-conditioning in the condo would not shut off and ran the entire night. It was very noisy. In the morning, I called the front desk and was told someone would take a look at it. After another night of little sleep because of the loud air-conditioner, I was assured that someone would take a look at it that day. When we returned in the evening, a message said the conditioner was fine. Since it continued to run, we turned it off and opened the patio door for air in the late evening when it cooled down.The grounds were torn up. We went for a swim in the only pool that was open and there were two patio umbrellas to provide shade which were unfortunately taken.We complained that there wasn't any shampoo or coffee in our condo. We were told they would bring some --------------- they never did.My friend and I got really disgusted with the noise, lack of shade at the only pool that was open, and the construction. We were so unhappy we left after only staying 3 nights. We checked into Harrahs and were much happier with their facilities.This was a major disappointment. Perhaps when the &quot;resort&quot; is completed it will be nicer. For now, if you need taxi service you sit under a couple of patio umbrellas outside where it is hot. The patio furniture is mismatched, there's no lobby to relax in, and you feel like your in a 3rd world country.BEWARE of this resort.	
Sep 1 2009 	Nice rooms but little else going for it.	My wife and I stayed at Summer Bay from Aug 24-31, 2009 on an RCI exchange (but they rent on a retail basis also). In a nutshell, only a great deal on pricing would bring us back—at least until the place is finished.Pros. Staff was uniformly friendly and helpful when possible. (Maintenance came to fix our microwave 10 minutes after calling—even though it was about 1 AM!). Our two BR unit was nicely furnished and looked recently renovated. I’d rate it a 9 out of 10. Grounds nicely manacured and floral. An hourly shuttle service takes you to various locations on the strip or you can simply walk to the nearest Hotel (Harrah's) in about 12 minutes. Golf carts will shoosh you around the resort if you call, but it was small enough to walk in. It was certainly quiet if that's what you came to LV for.Cons. No curb appeal at all. The front area is a construction eyesore of half chewed demolished buildings and dusty pavement (but oddly, there was not much actual construction activity while we were there). The ‘resort’ is actually a recently converted residential condo cluster of some 600 units. We’re told that the resort had been across the street but was bought and demolished by a nearby big hotel and SB took over and renovated these residential condos. Thus, sitting between this new resort and the strip is one LONG block of desolate no-man’s-land: fenced in dust and debris, some employee parking, scrub weeds. Big plans for development we’re told, but no construction as of yet. (The economy?) We walked to the strip day and night (Harrah’s) numerous times, feeling no unease, but when it’s 107 degrees and an ugly nothing, you might want to wait for the shuttle--if it's going where you want at that time--plan well. There is no gym, no club house, no spa, no consistently functioning internet, and no welcome activities. They do their best to back fill (in-room spa treatments, for example), but it’s simply an apartment you’re getting--not a resort. Lacking a finished office area, all the check-in and other resort services are handled in converted guest rooms—cramped and un-inviting. The shuttle goes to different spots at different times and is often too small for the number of passengers. There is only one shuttle per day to Von’s supermarket. The three pleasant pools/hot tubs are nestled among groups of condo buildings but are small and un-interesting (but were uncrowded). Remember, these were apartment pools, not luxurious hotel or resort pools. (But their proximity and fences would be ideal for families with young children.)The construction sign says “Gold Crown Rating” (an RCI standard of excellence) but it is not. A Summer Bay internal “Crown Club” is in the making, which will allow SB owners to get into the other 9 or so SB properties (Missouri, Tennessee, Florida…)Bottom line: If you can snag a 2-BR $249 RCI last-minute RCI special here it’s a comfortable, if a bit out of the way, place to nest for the Las Vegas strip experience. Shuttles (common everywhere in LV) make up somewhat for the heat and distance. If you’re spending many hundreds, however, look at discount packages at strip hotels. The older properties start at $39/nite. You’ll only get a cheap room, but you’ll be in the thick of the action. In 2010 there should be some relief from the dust and lack of facilities.	
Aug 22 2009 	a good place for a relaxing vacation (only a few inconveniences)	My friend and I stayed at summer bay August 10-16, 2009. I had been to Vegas the previous Nov, and was switched to Tahiti Village because the Summer Bay grounds weren't done, so I was interested to see the renovations. We got there late the night of the 10th,taking the $12 round trip shuttle from the airport (dont take a cab folks not worth it). Check itnwas uneventful, except it was at check in that they told us the internet was out and wasn't expected to be turned back on until the 14th. It was at this point we signed up for the shuttle to the grocery store at 8:00am the next morning. We were in room 13204. Beautiful apartment, huge tub,king size bed two flat screens and all of the kitchen utensils you need including blender, toaster, microwave, full stove with oven, full washer dryer, broom, vaccum, dishwashing liquid, washing powder, paper towels. We took the shuttle to the strip. Keep in mind the shuttle runs every half hour but to diferent hotels on the strip. The strip is close enough to walk to but I'd suggest only doing so in the day time. A cab to the mandalay bay cost us about $17 (far south of the strip) to Harrahs it cost $5)day 2 got up took shuttle to grocery and brought a ridiculous amount of food. We were back to the apartment by 10. day 2&amp;3 we didn't leave the grounds, but sat by the pool which is equipped with shower, and towels, so no need to bring one from your hotel room. the pool is minimally shaded but nice and goes to about 6 feet deep. There is a little putting green attached to the pool and they played some nice reggae music.... if it wasn't for all the sand I would have thought I was in the carribbean.Cleaning crew comes in on your 3rd day of stay to refresh your linens and apartment.day 4 our toaster broke and we were promplty brought a working one.the ac cut out, called a maintenance guy and he fixed it within the hour. Our tv went out for about an hour and there was still no internet. day 5 we took the 11:00 am free shuttle to the outlets came back about 3 (4 hours) we passed on the massuse to come to our room and opted to get a massage at the Imperial Palace.day 6 we left the flat (sadly saying goodbye) one of the grounds crew took us to the front with luggage and all.So all in all then place has a few kinks (construction, no club house or gym built yet, internet and TV going out because of construction) but I'd highly recommend it if your looking for a home like relaxing environment in Vegas.	
Jul 27 2009 	Our new Vegas go to!	Summer Bay was exactly what we were looking for.My husband and I booked on Expedia and paid about $100 a night including taxes.This is a fantastic deal! They do NOT charge for overnight parking, they do NOT charge the standard LV resort fee or any other rip off fees that you WILL encounter at the other resorts. But if you do book through Expedia... make sure you call Expedia for the local resort phone number. The number provided on the Expedia website and confirmation is a corporate number and if you don't call during office hours you are not able to reach anyone. ;)We called ahead to inform them of our late check in and were pleased with their welcoming customer service. We were happy to be greeted by the 24 hour guard at the gate and directed to the check in rooms. At this point they have 2 rooms set up for check in as their main reception/clubhouse area is under construction. We were greeted several times by the friendly staff and check in was simple. We were upgraded to a 2 bedroom unit as the 1 bedrooms were full. We were also given a helpful welcome packet that contained maps and information that we found useful during our stay.The resort itself is an apartment complex. The units are large enough to live in! Our unit had 2 bedrooms (both with TV's), 2 bathrooms, a large walk in closet, a decent size living room area (with another TV), a dinning area with table seating for 6, a full kitchen (dishes, blender, microwave, full refrig. ect), a laundry room (washer, dryer, iron, full ironing board, and detergent) and a nice size balcony with a table and chairs. My husband loved the giant bathtub as it was big enough for 2. I loved their mango soap, lotion and shampoo. It's perfect for an extended stay, 2 couples and/or a family with children. I was told that most of the units are time share units and others are reserved for Expedia, Hotwire and other Internet bookings. Our room has decent standard decor and was clean. We noticed that the time share rooms were the posh rooms. They had modern decor and flat screen TV's. So when looking at the pictures... you can expect the less attractive rooms. We were only slightly disappointed. The grounds are well maintained and quiet. We spent time at the pool closest to our room. The pools are not overcrowded like every other LV pool I've been to. I believe that 4 of the 5 pools were open so there were options. The main pool looks beautiful but was not open due to the clubhouse construction. We were told that they plan to complete construction by October. They do not have food on site but offer a free shuttle to the grocery store and many other LV locations. We drove so we just went out and bought our own food and drinks to stock the kitchen. There are also many nice restaurants near by. They do offer a room service menu which I assume is delivery from somewhere near by. We were not interested.The resort location is a short walk from the strip. From the resort we walked about 1 city block on a road between 2 vacant lots. From there you are in a parking garage area with access to the strip. Or from the parking garage you can grab the metro rail for $5 a trip or $13 day pass. We did NOT want to stay on the strip. We did NOT want to walk through a casino every time we left the hotel or returned. We did NOT want to be surrounded by noise, lights and drunk people all the time. Summer Bay was our Oasis. My husband and I have been to Vegas more times than we can count. This was by far the most relaxing and enjoyable trip. For the first time ever we actually look forward to our next Vegas stay. I assure you that we book at Summer Bay for our next trip.	
Jul 25 2009 	A real Las Vegas winner !	This was probably one of the nicest time share resorts we have been to. Our one bedroom unit was lovely and clean and newly renovated. It was a little smaller than some of the units we had been in, but was perfect for two adults and a small family. I think it would be a tight fit for four adults.The resort is only a few miles from the airport and is easy to locate. You may hear planes flying overhead occasionally. That would probably be true at almost any location on or near the strip as the airport is so close. Arriving at the gated resort, a security guard checked our name on a list and directed us to the office.The “front desk” is a small, crowded (and warm the day we were there) room that was filled with people when we arrived. (The front desk is to be moved to a different location once construction is complete.) We had to wait on line in the hall. The line moved at a reasonable pace. When our turn came, the attendant was pleasant and professional. When I asked for a room in a quiet location away from the construction areas, he offered me three choices and pointed them out on a map of the large facility. We chose a unit away from potential noise of the (open 24 hours) pool. Our one bedroom unit was on the second floor of building 2 which turned out to be a very convenient location. We had absolutely no problem with construction noise, or with sounds from the units above and below us. After check-in we had to proceed across the hall to receive our parking pass and “welcome gift.” We were politely asked if we would like to attend a time share sales presentation and we said no. Our welcome gift was actually pretty nice, containing granola bars and health and beauty aid samples.There was ample parking available in front of the units. We dragged our bags up the stairs (NOTE: the buildings range up to three floors and none have elevators).The front door opened into a living room on the left and a kitchen on the right.The living room featured a 50 inch flat screen tv across from a sleeper couch. There was a cocktail table and end table with a lamp. All of the rooms were nicely furnished with plants and paintings and decorative mirrors and dark (cherry or mahogany) wooden furniture. A large entertainment unit with a DVD player inside and a stereo unit on top with iPod dock was adjacent to the tv. There was also a fireplace with a granite border which matched the granite in the kitchen and bathroom. It also had a large ceiling fan.To the left of the living room was a small outdoor patio with table and two chairs. A door off the patio led to a utility room which contained a full sized washer and dryer with samples of detergent and dryer sheets. It also had a full size vacuum, laundry basket, broom and dustpan in case you really feel the need to clean.The kitchen had a ceramic tile floor and a large wooden table with 4 chairs. The table was too big for the small area given to it. You could not open the refrigerator door without constantly moving a chair out of the way. We ended up re-locating two chairs to the living room to give us more room in the kitchen area. The granite counter top held a full size 12 cup coffeemaker, blender, toaster and can opener. A basket held complementary samples of coffee, tea and cocoa. Modern wood cabinets with brushed nickel handles contained all silverware, plates service for 4, wine glasses, bowls,water pitcher, knife block, teapot,pots and pans, etc. Appliances included a refrigerator with ice maker, gas oven, and a large microwave. There was plenty of storage area in kitchen.An archway directly opposite the front door led to a very large (5 foot by 6 foot) walk in closet. The bedroom was to the left and the bathroom was to the right.The closet contained numerous built in drawers and two areas to hang clothing. Ours came with 16 hangars, some of which could not be removed from the pole. We wished we had brought a few extra hangars from home. A large built in safe was on one wall. You could close the doors and hide the closet from direct view.The bedroom contained a king bed and two night tables with lamps and a 42” flat screen tv and not much else. Unfortunately this room did not have a ceiling fan, which we would have liked. More than once we felt it was too cool in the living room area and too warm in the bedroom. Perhaps a fan could have equalized the temperatures.The bathroom contained a large Roman tub with an excellent shower and the water pressure and temperatures were great. Curiously, the tub was not a jacuzzi tub ?The sink had granite countertop, modern faucets and a nearby hair dryer attached to the wall. Large sized samples (2.5 to 3 oz) of mango scented shampoo/conditioner, lotion and soaps were provided. The bathroom could have used more storage. There was little space for your towels as well as bathroom necessities unless you stored most of it in the cabinet under the sink. The toilet was in a separate room which could have easily held a storage unit for towels. Wireless internet service was available in the room. We had to log on with a password given to us at check in. We were instructed to call each day for a new password, but the same one worked all week for us. There was a telephone with ethernet data port in both the living and bedroom. We had housekeeping service once during the week, which is typical for time share rentals. When we called for additional towels and pillows they were delivered to us within 10 minutes.The pool area we viewed also had a hot tub and outdoor showers. We did not use any of the pool facilities. We felt the location of the resort was ideal for us. It was mid-strip, one (long) block away from the action of Las Vegas Boulevard. Not sure I would walk too late at night as the resort is across from a large deserted lot that is undergoing construction. It would be fine, although somewhat of a hike, to walk during the day. There were no restaurants or shopping in the immediate area. The closest food we found was at the Ellis Island casino down the road. Highly recommend the $6.99 steak special (not on the menu – just ask the server for it) which included a salad, 10 oz. steak, choice of potato, veggies and a 12 ounce beer! (or root beer). Service can be iffy, there was a short wait when we arrived and this place won't win any decorating awards, so be prepared. However, the food was great and you can't beat the price. The BBQ restaurant is also supposed to be very good and cheap, however, we did not eat there.The resort provided routine bus service throughout the day to the strip hotels. We did not use the bus, as we had a rental car. It was very easy to get around; we generally self or valet-parked at a hotel and walked from there. There is ample free parking at all of the casinos and the valet only costs the price of a small tip.One thing we really valued from the resort was the map of Las Vegas we received at check-in. It was better than any of the other maps we saw in guidebooks or online. We used it often as a reference, especially when we drove to visit casinos off the strip.Were there any negatives? Well, we really wanted someplace to put those bathroom towels. And a door separating the bathroom from the hall leading to the bedroom would have been nice. It seems like many of the condos do not put in a bathroom door for some reason. (There was a door separating the toilet inside the bathroom.) When we first got to our room, we had a question for the front desk. We called and the phone rang and rang and then disconnected itself. We tried a few times with the same results. Eventually we called the concierge who took a message and we later got a callback. We experienced the same problem a few days later. I mentioned it when we checked out and hopefully this issue has been resolved.Despite these minor shortcomings, this is a great resort, and we cannot wait to return again in the future!	
Jul 22 2009 	Amazing Rooms and Great Quiet Location right off the strip	The rooms to this resort, alone, are worth the trip. We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite that had 3 big flat screen tv's. It was incredibly quiet in the resort. There are 5 different pools so it never feels overcrowded. The staff is friendly, but you really don't even see them that much except to show your ID at the gate. They give you a welcome gift, which (in theory) is nice but it turns out to be a pink disposable razor (exciting!) The location is great if you want to be able to relax but still have complete access to all the activities on the strip. It was an easy walk (even in 115 degree weather) but the resort also offers free shuttle services every half hour.	
Jul 12 2009 	Fantastic Value	At the time of this review, the SummerBay Resort in Las Vegas is rated 89/293 for Las Vegas properties. This likely relates to the Old SummerBay location and has nothing to do with the new complex that is on Koval, between Flamingo Rd and Sands. It will be interesting for me to check back from time to time and watch this place climb in popularity. I suspect as it hits the top 10, the super deals are going to disappear.This place was great. We stayed in Building 2, on the 2nd floor, overlooking the 24 hour pool. We had a 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom, Kitchen, Dining Room, Laundry Room, 3 TV's, 2 x Walk in closets, soaker tub, Shower, security safe, Balcony, etc. We ordered in food some nights to save money and cooked breakfast every morning. We had bloody mary's on our balcony, while watching our teenagers swimming in the pool. We rented a car from Enterprise, which is located about a 1/4 of a mile away at the Westin Hotel and they picked us up at the Summerbay to do the paperwork. We drove to VON's Grocery which is about 2 miles away on Sands, and loaded up with everything we needed for our stay. Because we had a car, we never used the Shuttle Service (To downtown, To the Strip, To the Grocery Store) but we talked to other guests and they said the schedules were maintained. It was also nice to park our car within 20 feet from our front door. At every other place in Vegas we have stayed, our car is 5 to 15 minutes away. We drove out to Red-Rock for a scenic drive and picnic, and it was such a pleasure to drive right up to our room, and be in the pools, 90 seconds after getting home. The waterfall pool by Building #1 and the front gate was still being worked on during our stay, but this did not affect us in the building we stayed in. When we checked in, I asked for a pool view room, and we were accomodated. Other guests wanted to be on the other side of the buidling, away from the pool, for privacy and quiet. Personal preferences are accomodated. I originally requested ground floor, but those were all were taken, so we got the 2nd floor instead. In my opinion, the 2nd floor is what you might want. Ground floor units have airconditioners, right outside their patio wall. If you sat outside, the airconditioner would be humming about 9 inches from where you are sitting. The 3rd floor would involve two sets of stairs to get to/from your car/pool. 2nd floor was best for us.We liked the fact the pools in the complex were available 24 hours. They have a gate system, where guests need to know the keycode. There are noise restrictions after 10 PM. Most other pools in vegas close at sunset or10:00PM, and it was sure nice to have our first dip the night we arrived, and after we returned from the evening shows we attended. Its location is fairly central, basically a vegas block away from the back door of Imperial Palace/Harrahs. Too far to walk in the summer heat however, and would not be a nice walk at nighttime, as would be too dark/dangerious. Cabs, Shuttles and Rental Cars would be required when staying here. Cab rides would be cheap because you are on Koval and not the strip. Easy to get in and out of.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Resort	This is agreat resort, good location within 10 minutes walk to the strip. The shuttle buses are great especially in the heat. We had a two bedroom unit which is well appointed with 3 large tv's, ipod docking station and great fixtures. Also a large balconey with views of Wynn, Encore and the Palazzo. There is still some construction work but this did not bother us.	
Jul 3 2009 	Nice place but still work in progress	Very nice place, pretty quick &amp; easy check in. I had called when we reserved the timeshare for a week letting them know that we needed 2 handicap units, which they guaranteed. When we got there, 1 was ready and they had a problem finding another one for us, almost like they didn't have one for us. We ended up being in 2 separate buildings, 10 &amp; 12, which were sort of next to each other. We had 6 women, in 2 units; a 1BR and a 2BR. We were supposed to have trash &amp; towels on Wednesday in the 2BR and Thursday in the 1BR. No problems for the 1BR unit. But with the 2BR unit, they never came. We went to the front office on Thursday and were promised it would be done while we were out; we were also told we were not the only ones to not have it done, and that we should hide our valuables!! We returned around 11pm on Thursday, they never came. We had no clean towels, lots of trash, and no toilet paper (4 women, no toilet paper, NOT good). They sent someone to our unit with about 20 sets of towels and 4 rolls of toilet paper, but didn't take our trash. They never returned or offered any reason for the lack of service. Easy check out over the phone. Free shuttle to the strip was great!They do need to get their staff in gear as this is a really nice resort and looks very promising.	
Jul 1 2009 	Nice place to stay	The staff is very friendly. There's security &amp; staff members traveling the property 24 hours. The pools are open 24 hours. I love that. Our 2 bedroom condo was nicely decorated. Master bedroom was huge. Guest bedroom also nice size.Both with walk in closets. We had a third couple fly in for a couple days &amp; there was plenty of space. The couch bed was comfortable &amp; they even had their own closet in the hallway to keep their things. Large screen t.v. in both bedrooms &amp; livingroom. I'd change the master bath so there would be a door instead of an archway. When you have more than two couples you need to have closed off bathrooms.Plenty close to Strip.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great place to stay.	We stayed at this location June 12-19, 2009 and had a great time. Very clean and neat property. My only issue was that on the weekend (saturday &amp; Sunday) the pool at our building was full so I had to walk to another pool farther away from our unit. We had a 2 bedroom unit and it had large flat panel tv's in every room. Was fairly quiet since its a few blocksaway from the main strip, but you can take the shuttle to Harrahs and be right in the action.	
Jun 23 2009 	Loved it	This place was really nice and Clean, I like that it had balcony's..The people were fast about checking us in.. The only problem I had was they took forever to bring something when I needed it. ! time they left it by the door and never even knocked on the door..Ocverall all I like the place and the shower was wonderful...	
Jun 9 2009 	Couldn't ask for anything better	Summer Bay Resorts is a beautiful place. We felt like we were staying at a 5-star resort. The one bedroom was huge, the grounds were well taken care of, the staff was more than helpful and the shuttle was great! The pool and spa area was very nice, and there were several tiki huts with tables and two large b-b-q grills that ajoined it. We had an outdoor b-b-q with the 23 people that met us in Vegas and had a wonderful time. We had people staying from one end of the strip to the other, but they all commented on how we had the most beautiful place to stay. After walking the strip, it was nice to come back and relax at Summer Bay resort. Thanks for everything!	
May 29 2009 	Shuttles are very much appreciated and cost effective for guests	We stayed at this resort for 2 weeks May 1-15th, 2009. We are owners at another resort in Las vegas but chose to try this resort because we had friends staying close by. We were not disappointed. There is construction being done but the units close to the noise usually are not being rented out. It is going to be lovely when it is complete, by the end of this year I believe. The shuttles made our stay very enjoyable as it would have cost us lots to use the transit for that length of time. The shuttles were on time, not like other timeshare shuttes that I heard about. The renovated units were all that one needs for a pleasant stay in Vegas. The pools are small and well used. We had a room on the back side, not facing the pool, I believe it could be noisy if you were facing the pool as they are open 24 hours a day so far. The property is very large but they have small carts that will pick you up and deliver you after you have been to the strip or grocery shopping. Not once were we approached by timeshare sales people. The staff is friendly but under a bit of stress right now with construction and a few unhappy customers. I believe this is going to be a great place to stay in the future and even at this moment we had no complaints. The free internet was also appreciated. The 10 minute walk to the strip is no problem if you are healthy, it is too far if you have heart problems or other probems related to walking. In the het of the day it would be too far for most people so wait for those shuttles.	
May 28 2009 	Off strip Nice place	We stayed over Easter and had a great time. There is still construction but this place is going to be awesome The shuttles come all the time to the strip. Had Easter egg hunt for kids . It is a timeshare but we stayed as hotel guests. They used to be apartments so large accomodations. Great for families	
May 26 2009 	This place is awesome!!	We just arrived here last night and this place is amazing! We were sort of worried after reading some of the previous reviews, but since the resort is almost done being renovated (the administrative buildings aren't done yet) all of the rooms seem to be done and are amazing! It's very quiet and the staff have all been super friendly and helpful.	
May 25 2009 	Resort Is Nice beware of liabilities of your auto's	My husband and I stayed here the week of May 10th. The resort is nice and its location is great. It's in the heart of the strip area. The one block from the strip is like 4 normal blocks. It has all the amenities of being at home. We had to remind ourselves we were in Las Vegas. HOWEVER: One day our BMW was parked most of the day until early evening when we decided to go out. When we entered the vehicle, the side mirror on the drivers side was totally cracked. Two things: 1. Earlier in the day we noticed a man throwing a baseball with his small son...can't say he did it. 2. MAJOR construction going on. Looks like a stone hit it. We reported it with security and photos were taken from one young security female who also said she witnessed the man with baseball. At check out we met with her manager and he stated that he feels they are not responsible for the mirror, but would take it up with his superior. I recieved a letter today and they said that they are not responsible and for us to report it to our insurance company. They made us feel like we did it somewhere else and trying to pull some fraud stuff. Mind you, we purchased while we were there and gave a down payment because we really liked the resort. There are no signs that says park at your own risk because of major construction going on. I felt our car should have been safe there or I could of parked somewhere else for that matter. I am so upset because they are making me feel like we did it on our own and trying to put the blame on them which is so not true. We are going to fix our car reguardless, however it happened on their property and its the principle of it. We could of bought other timeshares there that were offered to us but we chose them because we like the resort, so what are we going to get out of blaming them for something like that. So in the end beware of where you park your car because they are not responsible for any damages even though there is alot of construction going on. I will take this matter to higher up because people are investing their money into this place and they should not be treated like this. I know there are some devious folks out there but we are not them.	
May 24 2009 	Incredible...loved it loved it loved it	I have to say we were a bit worried about summer bay after reading other reviews. However, the resort is almost finished and we never heard or saw any construction going on. The condo was absolutely beautiful, elegant and comfortable. We stayed in the back bldg #18, so we took advantage of their 24hour transportation (golf carts) to and fro the front, at the touch of a button they were at our building immediately. (dont forget to tip) The shuttle system was great, we only walked to the strip a few times and it isnt a bad walk at all. also other hotels like Harrahs and Rio send shuttles to summer bay, so you have plenty of option. The shuttles stop by 12am, so if your seeing a late show or partying, expect to get a cab, usually about $10 with tip. Every 4 bldgs have their own pool, so it was never crowded. in fact we only used it at night and 1 out of 6 nights their was another couple out there. Huge pool, indoor and outdoor hot tub. Stainless steel grills right outside of the pool and some tiki huts with tables, very cute and gives a nice tropical feel. We had a blast, I'm just sad its over. If your staying at Summer Bay, you will be very pleased. P.S. Golf carts guys awesome-tip them well they deserve it. Front desk mostly helpful except for one staff, watch out for Wilma, she came off very rude over the phone just about everyday i spoke with her. Its one thing to have a bad day, but not a bad week. Have a blast, if we ever go back to vegas, we;ll definitely stay here.	
May 16 2009 	awsome	we just got back from a week here. great place litttle scared when we first pulled in but the place was awsome check in was easy arrived at 8-30am and they had a room ready that was great. rooms are very nice. pools are open 24hrs lots of shuttles to the strip.only a short walk to the strip. i would stay here again	
May 7 2009 	AWESOME !! STAY HERE !!	Huge unit, Laundry room, full kitchen, large living room, dining area, 2 big bdrms, walk in closets, adjoining bathrooms, very clean. King size bed, 3 50&quot; flat screen tvs, internet hookup, patio... steps from the pool, close parking... quiet...Did not notice ANY construction at all. Saw one Plumber van and some boxes outside of a building.I stayed in Bldg 11 and it was great !!	
Mar 16 2009 	We LOVED this place	I've read many of the past reviews, and we were a little worried when we booked, but it exceeded EVERY possible expectation. The rooms were BEAUTIFUL! I understand that there is still some renovation going on (the building next to ours was being renovated), but not once did the renovations wake us or impede our enjoyment. We walked into our apartment and were amazed at how nice it looked. We had a 2-bedroom unit for myself and my wife, our baby and my good friend and his wife. Both bedrooms featured very comfortable King-size beds and 42-inch flatscreen TVs, and the living area featured a pull-out couch (we never pulled it out, and thus cannot comment on its comfort) and a comfy chair to sit in and watch the even bigger flatscreen TV. There was a DVD player and a stereo system with iPod docking place (I don't have an iPod, so I'm not sure what it's called, but if you have an iPod, you know what I mean). Our porch had a nice little table and some chairs which we sat in to enjoy our first lunch there. The dining area had a nice glass table with chandelier and 6 chairs, and the kitchen was well stocked with utensils, bowls, mixing bowls, a blender, dishwasher, microwave, gas oven, and full-sized fridge/freezer. They even had dish detergent for the dishwasher as well as a small Palmolive for whatever you wanted to wash by hand. The laundry room featured a full-sized washer and dryer and they even had little sample packs of laundry detergent and fabric softening sheets (which they refilled mid-week and upon request). The wireless internet worked without a hitch and I'd go so far as to say that it was more reliable than my home service, sadly. We made ample use of the pool and spa -- the pools are heated and the whirlpool was toasty -- I felt like a happy lobster drinking my beer by the whirlpool. The staff was very friendly, a maintenance worker saw us getting out of our car, asked if we needed anything, then told us to please tell someone if something went wrong, so that they could fix it, &quot;We don't know until you tell us,&quot; he said. Location-wise it is amazing. With my infant son in a stroller, it still took only 10-15 minutes to walk to the strip (Harrah's, Bill's, Bally's are closest) and they have a shuttle that leaves hourly to the strip as well if you're not in a walking mood. We rented a car so that we could easily get to the Grand Canyon, shopping, etc., but it wasn't a &quot;must&quot; to have a car. They have shuttles to Fremont Street as well as to a grocery store (Von's). And if you're on the strip somewhere a shuttle doesn't go, a cab cost us $11 from Luxor, and $9 from Bally's. I guess some of the previous reviewers had a bad time, but it must be the &quot;OLD&quot; Summer Bay. Maybe they are going out of their way to address previous problems, but I would have to truly pick nits in order to find negative things to say about our stay. We'd return in a heartbeat.	
Mar 7 2009 	Great Place. Very special place	This place is almost done with a complete renovation. I am told that most of the rooms are completely renovated. Our 2 bedroom, 2 bath unit was fantastic. Completely new. One 50&quot; plasma TV in living room. Each bedroom with King bed had 42&quot; plasma TVs. Master bedroom had walk in closet, separate room for commode, and large 2 person bath tub and shower.It has full sized kitchen with granite counter tops, with full sized fridge, oven, microwave with all the utensils and table service for 4. This also has full sized washer and dryer, iron and ironing board. This is like walking into full sized completely furnished, brand new apartment. Gas fireplace and stereo system with ipod doc. If you are driving, almost all the parking is covered like some apartment units have.The only negative was the construction in the building next to us, but it did not bother my wife who likes to sleep in. You may ask to be sure you get a renovated room. The new units are way better than the pictures.This will soon become one of the premier properties in Vegas. 2 blocks off the Strip is far enough to get away from it all, but close enough to be near it all.We will be back.	
Feb 16 2009 	Awesome...best room we have ever had	We just returned before Valentine's Day...I was a little concerned after reading some of the other reviews but the room was excellent. At first, the temporary check in desk scared me and I thought we were in for an adventure but the 2 Bedroom room was outstanding. After check in, Steve took us to our room, carried the bags up the stairs (no elevators here) and opened our door. That was worth at least $5 to me. We stayed in Bldg 17, Room 308 and it has a view of the Wynn, Harrah’s, Stratosphere, and Hilton. The room came with 3 Plasma TV's (50&quot; and 42&quot; in both bedrooms), marble counters, fireplace, giant soaking tub, nice kitchen, very nice furniture and comfortable beds. I travel a lot and I would compare it to a Marriott/Hyatt Hotel or close to a Ritz. We did not get a car, just used the resorts van, walked, or hailed down a taxi. After walking and hailing taxis for a couple days, we found out that the resorts van will take you places not on the scheduled list if you make prior arrangements (don’t forget to tip). I wish I would have taken better use of it, given that taxis run about $8-$15 per ride, depending on where you are headed? I would defiantly stay here again. Only draw back, Jacuzzi was on the fritz so we had to use the giant tub, which actually turned out better than planned? And yes, there was construction going on, but it was manageable and they worked during normal work hours. When I spoke to the staff, they still plan to be completed by November 09.	
Jan 12 2009 	depends on what room you are assigned	This timeshare should not be open until it is completed. We traded 2 of our timeshares for 2 two bedroom units. We were given units in the old section. Parking was a real problem for us in building 9 as all the construction vehicles and storage units were housed in our parking stalls. When the wind blew, all the piled up garbage started to fly and even flew on to our balcony. Some quite large pieces hit our cars also. The Old units which we were in where not up to RCI standards as far as I am concerned. The floors were so dirty that our white socks were black. The carpets were in very bad shape and the furniture was well worn. The fireplaces did not work and there wasno response to our call for maintenance. The units were meant to accomodate 6 people each, however there were not eneough utensils for even 4 people. The tubs and showers were so stained they looked dirty and the countertops were well worn and stained also. I did look at some of the new units and they were beautiful but our experience was okay if you didn't want to spend anytime there. Don't go by the fotos on their web sight because that is not what we got for our exchange. No flat screens in our units Just broken down old tvs. 3 of the 6 tvs between the 2 units did not work. I must tell you that I made 3 separate phone calls before hand to make sure that we would be in a new unit. Each time I was told that all units were new and refurbished. So if you are lucky enough to get a new unit, you will love it. As for us we had backhoes moving around under our bedroom windows at sunup. I would never stay there again until I was sure that all rooms were completed because the old units we were given were below a 1 star hotel room. And again let me stress that the construction was beyond my imagination to the point of being dangerous when it started blowing around. Large dumpsters were overflowing the whole week I was there ( Jan 2 - 9). If you are planning on staying there, just make sure that you are not in any of the back buildings which they are working on or have not gotten to yet.	
Jan 9 2009 	great new years	Six people and myself traveled to Vegas to bring in 2009. Upon arriving at Summer Bay desert club I noticed that renovations were still not completed on the new property. Check in was very fast at the temporary front office, and staff was very friendly. When we walked into our two bedroom suite we were greeted with a spacious living room and a good size fully equipped kitchen. Keep in mind that i had traveled and stayed at the old summer bay resort less than a year earlier. Things started to look familiar: the sofas, the cabinets in the kitchen and all the furniture. After realizing that our room was equipped with the old stuff i put my things down and quickly got over it. After all we were here to party and would probably spend very little time in the room. The pool and jacuzzi were heated and let me just say amazing after a long night at the dance clubs. My friends and I 4 girls and 3 guys found that walking was not very far. only about 10 min to the strip. Cabs were on average about $7 so transportation was great. All staff was friendly, and very helpful when needed. I highly recommend anyone staying here or even going to Vegas to eat at BAUTISTA'S Hole in the wall Italian restaurant. its behind the Flamingo walking distance from summer bay. Its great Italian food! Overall it was a great week in Vegas and I would stay here again!	
Jan 9 2009 	Room is great getaway from strip....if you are trying to get away.	We got our reservation for summerbay through a timeshare exchange (we own elsewhere) and were able to stay over New Years Eve. Needless to say the strip and (the entire ride to vegas and back) were hectic at times--but hey, thats Vegas. I was quite nervous about our room, as a lot of the reviews here were hit or miss, but I breathed a HUGE sigh of relief when we entered the room and the first thing I see is a lovely glass dining table with high-backed chairs, new, dark-wood cabinets, a plush couch and, oh yeah, a HUGE plasma flat-screen TV (I think that might have been ALL my boyfriend saw). The bed was also large and comfortable--California King, I think. There was also an identical TV in the bedroom. That was about all that fit into the bedroom, and you had to walk sideways to get between the bed and the flatscreen on the wall, so the bedroom could have been a bit more spacious, but i really wasn't complaining. (At times though, I felt the TV was almost TOO BIG for the space since it ended up being so close, but apparently calling any TV &quot;too big&quot; is blasphemy according to my BF). The bathroom is also nice and large, and the tub could probably fit 3 average sized people comfortably (I guess that's the type of stuff that goes down in vegas!), and the shower was one of those over-head &quot;rain&quot; types, so it was quite nice as well. Water got hot, and the water power was good as well. Closet was nicely done, but few hangers (and they aren't removable). So if you are staying for a week and have a lot of things that need to be hung up, you should bring your own. Also, there was a vacuum in the room but no iron. It might also be available on request, but I didn't need to ask.Rooms are also have Wi-Fi. It was free when we stayed, but I think that will be a per diem feature eventually. Location was great in that we could leave the strip or strategically get on the strip without getting ensnared in strip traffic. However, without a car that is NOT a fun walk. The roads were closed on New Years and I had to walk to the Wynn in heels--it was a relatively short walk--about 15--but NOT fun. Most days we drove into Harrah's garage and entered the strip from there. We took the shuttle once, but make sure you pay close attention to the times, they don't go to the hotels very often, and some only at certain times of the day. The WALK from the hotel to Harrahs did not look particularly long--probably would have been about 10 minutes. But it did not look particularly safe either--at least at night.The hotel is still having some growing pains, and we had our water OFF for at least 5 hours on the morning of new years eve--that meant no sink, no shower, no toilets! Fortunately it was fixed by the time we got home. Irritating, but hopefully a one-off thing.I definitely enjoyed my stay here, but my boyfriend and I had just finished finals and had a hectic last couple of months so we were mostly content to chill in our room and watch movies in a comfortable space, and only went out a few times--and most of our trips to the strip were pretty brief. However, if you are really trying enjoy all the vegas-ness of vegas, this may not be the best place for you since there is absolutely NO action at the hotel, and the trek to the strip can be a bit arduous unless you only make it once a day and spend a lot of time on the strip hanging out. Its a tradeoff--you probably won't get a room in a strip hotel with these amenities at this price. A couple of things that irked me though was that the bathtub had no jets--so it was a huge tub, but not very exciting or really worth using unless you enjoy just a plain bubble bath. Also, we did not receive ANY maid service at all. We stayed a week and no one came by--I think even time shares, if you stay a week, you get one maintenance. Not a HUGE deal, but still. **For future reference, we stayed in building 7, so to the extent that you can pick your own room/building, that seems to be one of the renovated ones. The numbering was quite odd though, as we were right next to building 18, so I can't say which other buildings are newly renovated and which are older.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great (If you get a newely refurbished unit)	First things first, there is a huge renovation project going on here at the moment and as such the experiance of each traveller will be very different. We where given an old unit in the new location (Desert club) and it was not the greatest accomodation I have been in but it was not bad.There where however some small problems. Room was not ready at check in time and was told that we would be told when it was, we waited an hour and still no one had been to see us so enquired at desk and was told that it was now indeed ready. On the first night after just arriving the toilet would not flush and maintanece had to completly remove the toilet and re fit te greese ring (nice way to spend ur first night in vegas)Location is okay 10 minutes from strip but will involve walking down some fairly un-friendly looking streets, we found the best way was to go througth the Imperial palace car park anbd through the casino floor.Pools are nice but are not heated and in Sep even in vegas they where to cold to use. The other problem was the shuttle service the hotel puts on to the supermarket which is a 45 minutes walk away. There where no places avalible and they only run one a day. The shuttle service itself to the strip and Freedmont is a nice touch and helps with transport if you dont have a car but remember to book well in advance (24hr)While there we did have a sneek peek in the newely refurbished units and these are beautiful with leather arm chairs, gas fires, beautiful kitchens etc.Althought are stay was not great I would deffintly come again in the future if i was guranteed one of the new units.	
Dec 31 2008 	outstanding vacation!	My family enjoyed a week's stay at the Summer Bay Resort Las Vegas over the Christmas week 2008. We stayed in a 2 bedroom 2 bath condo that was newly renovated. The condo was spacious, tastefully decorated and overlooked the pool and hot tub. We had a gas fireplace that was push button operated and on a timer which was beautiful and very welcome after a cold day outdoors. All rooms were spotlessly clean and the resort staff changed sheets and towels midweek. Summer Bay is located 2 long blocks from the Las Vegas strip ( about 1/2 mile) and an easy walk. Summer Bay also has free shuttles to casinos all along the Strip on a regular schedule. We used them on several occasions and found them to be convenient and on time. The Resort staff was friendly, helpful and easily accessed. My family really enjoyed the space and ammenities of the Summer Bay Resort Las Vegas. We will return to this property on our next visit to Las Vegas!!	
Dec 24 2008	New Summer Bay improving	I stayed at the old Summer Bay and loved its close vicintiy behind Imperial Palace - easy walking to the strip. I prefer the apartment syle units as opposed to a hotel room. They recently moved across Koval Lane and are still doing renovations (only three of five pools open) but the heated pools, jaccuzis, landscaping were wonderful. The furnishings were all new and toprate. In our two bedroom unit we had three plasma TVs. We ate out all the time on the strip so never used the full kitchen except for putting drinks in the fridge. We walked to Ellis Island casino for breakfast and to Tuscany casino (both off strip) for good deals. It was a dirty sight to walk to the strip with the beer bottles and litter but we could have taken the free shuttle from the resort to various locations on the strip to avoid this view. It's also nice to avoid walking through a smoke-filled casino to get to your room. The rooms could use a radio/CD player. Overall it was a nice quiet stay in spacious accomodations and I know I will be back.	
Nov 29 2008 	Wouldn't Return	My main concern was the distance from the strip. Although it is &quot;only&quot; a 10 min walk to the Imperial Palace, it wasn't a very pleasant one. Koval Lane is a very busy road. The streets leading to the strip are littered with garbage - broken bottles, paper, etc. ( Recycling has not yet arrived in Las Vegas.) It was creepy walking back after dark.There is a shuttle service, but they don't appear to keep to their schedule. After waiting 15 min (past the scheduled time) for the shuttle to show up to take us to Ballys on the strip, we gave up. I guess you could always get a cab ... or pay a few more bucks and be on the strip.The accommodation was fine, no great bargain, in my opinion. The club house is not finished yet. Hopefully there will also be a convenience store nearby in the future. I felt that the Summer Bay Desert Club was a very isolated location. I would not return.	
Nov 10 2008 	was disappointed	We got there and was told they would call us when room ready to taking a handicap person and never called. Check in person was rude. We had no hot water for 3 days was told no rooms to switch to. Toilet was plugged up. We had no BBQ grill and no DVD player or radio as they are saying they have. No trash cans were on sight. The furnishings were nice.No patio furniture as requested. The sheets are only flat and don&quot;t stayon the bed.The appliances were all new. The bath tubs with roman tubs are of no use with no hot water and the hot water tanks are only 30 gallon. This resort is rated a triple gold and Im not sure it is. Transportation was always late and it seems no one cares about any problems.	
Nov 2 2008 	terrific staff and location	The entire staff at Summer Bay couldn't have been more helpful nor cheerful. One of our friends broke her foot. Not only did the security staff carry her up to the 3rd floor, but the reservation staff changed us to a first floor room. The 3rd floor room had been refurbished and was gorgeous with an entrance to one of the bathrooms from the living area. The 1st floor one hadn't been refurbished, but was adequate and certainly helped our friend. The shuttle buses were great; the concierge printed out our boarding passes for the flight home; and the Ellis Island Restaurant recommendation was tops. The grounds are still being built so there aren't 12 pools yet, but the ones they have are very nice and the hot tub is too. Thanks to all who made our stay so pleasant.	
Oct 31 2008 	the scoop on Summer Bay	the scoop on Summer BayFirst, read the review by DiverDiver on Oct 28. While I heard numerous complants about construction noise, I took several trips around the resort and found very little myself. Our room faced Koval Ln and there was a lot of street traffic noise. I was willing to trade for the const noise but the mgr was not real hepful in trading rooms. There is very little soundproofing, well none, in the rooms. We had a &quot;Gold Crown time share&quot; unit. So this was 100% remodeled with expensive furnishings. It was comparable to a high end time share (Westin, Marriott) The rooms are large and the 2 BR has THREE hi def plasma TVs. All very nice. The unit Diver stayed in was a &quot;rental' unit. They have Wi-Fi AND ethernet so bring a LAN cable and plug it into the phone. Both work well 5 stars!There's plenty of security, the resort is gated and the officers, maint, maids were nice and helpful. There are 2 nice pools with several more coming. There were 11 pool chairs so some guests were lying on towels on the cement. Lots of shuttle buses to take you here and there. what's missing is strong middle and upper mgmt. Things are still chaotic from the big move and the front desk staff and mgmt is a little stressed out from all the complaints. A lot of little details are missed, we didn't get a room til late in the day and didn't get a phone call when it was ready There is no soap dish in the shower. where do you put soap, shampoo, toiletries etc...on the shower flloor. there are a lot of seniors here, DO NOT expect a ground floor unit, a guest in a wheel chair was on the 2nd flr!. no ADA units but i saw some railings in rooms under const. Not GREEN friendly which is par for Vegas. The pilot lite on the fireplace runs 24/7 and was noisy. The mgr wouldn't turn it off. No recycling, mgr said they leave the lites on for incoming guests (mine were off) etc. I'll give it 4 stars for the furnishings and what I think it will be but for the next few months, expect a lot of little issues and noise and not much help about it.	
Oct 28 2008 	Summer Good Summer Bad: Right Now Summer Bay is Mediocre	I'm sure that this resort will be ovely when all the construction and re-hab is completed. It is NOT now. This was an apartment complex purchased by Summer Bay to be gutted and re-fitted as a timeshare resort. The older, original resort is slated for demolition. We were told that there would be &quot;some&quot; construction going on, but we were totally staggered by the actual scope of what we stayed right in the middle of: Dumpsters blocking the roads, service trucks and delivery vans of granite countertops, cabinets, and appliances clogging the entrances and roads as well. The grounds were also in the process of being renovated and were mostly bare dirt pock marked by empty containers and holes waiting for new plants and shrubberies. The unit itself was pretty nice, although it was in the middle of a renovation as well: the furniture, paint, decor and fireplace were nice. Nice Laundry room with new W/D. However the kitchen abd baths were very dated: The kitchen cabinets were old and smelly, the formica counters were badly worn, the refrigerator had no light, the garbage disposal did not work, ratty little sink with no sprayer. Baths were spacious, with new tile floors, but the older cultured marble sinks were cracked. The bedroom had no drapes, only mini blinds, which allowed the blinding spotlight across the way to shine in practically full force. We were unable to sleep the first night because it was SO bright. We purchased a vinyl table cloth to drape across it to block the light at night. Maid service once a week. Not bad for a time share, but we checked in on Sunday, and got maid service on Tuesday. So the rest of the 5 days with no service. It seems that it could have been spaced a little more in the middle of the week. Any organized activities were nil. The pool was newly renovated, as was the hot tub, and very clean. Lots of fluffy towels and comfy chairs poolside. As mentioned..this will probably be a gorgeous resort when the upgrades are completed, and the location is hard to beat.	
Oct 11 2008	awesome holiday	We exchanged our timeshare for the summer Bay. We own a 1 bedroom. So when we were given a 2 bedroom apartment for the 4 of us we were very happy. We just wanted somewhere to crash. We were rather worried because of the reviews but didn't need to be. Yes the new condo's / site is under construction but we couldn't have wished for a nicer place to stay. When completely finished the place will be fantastic . Our room was very clean and smart the staff were very helpful all of the time. Any teething problems with our new condo was dealt with promptly this may I add wasn't many.We were more than satisfied.	
Oct 7 2008 	Fabulous Location	Stayed at this resort and had one big reason to love it - the location is fantastic! Its right behind the Imperial Palace on the Strip so you're within 5 minutes of the all that Vegas has to offer!The accomodation (at the time) was clean and comforatble but in need of a bit of modernising. We stayed in a 1 bed/ 2 bath condo and two weeks on an old sofa bed was not the best! If you are not sharing an apartment with anyone and get the bed, then you'll be fine. If you want to be near a pool, then specifically request an apartment near one as they can be tricky to find.The staff were friendly although we didn't have much contact with them.If you want to be close to to the heart of Vegas and only look at your accomodation as somewhere to sleep, shower and change then this is the perfect location for you.	
Oct 5 2008 	Never Stay at Summer Bay	My husband, I, and another couple book a 2 bedroom at Summer Bay to celebrate our 1st anniversary. When we arrived they had already filled their 2 bedrooms and had to give us 2 one bedrooms for the first night. This is even after we called and told them we would be checking in late. We were in the main building this night and we were asked to come back down in the morning and they would move us to a 2 bedroom. After 3 hours of waiting the next morning to be moved they set us up with a smoking room without asking if this was ok. We ended up having to wait longer. When we were finally place in a 2 bedroom non-smoking room we were not told there was a shuttle to take us to the &quot;newer&quot; facility. So we walked, through construction to the very back of the complex. Wanting to just get settled in we soon found out the hot water was not working properly and the shower was stuck between bath and shower because the knob had fallen off. It took three calls to get this fixed.I knew before we went that they were under construction, but not to the extent of what it truly was. The place is a mess, and while this will most likely be a very nice place to stay when they are finished it is far from that right now. And you will no longer be near the strip. Be ready to take their shuttle service, which was great at times, but not always so. And if you do have any issues, do not expect the staff to be helpful. Especially if you have booked your time through RCI. One of the front desk managers was extremely rude to my father in law and basically said he wasn't going to do anything for us. I suggest waiting until they are completely done with the renovations before staying here.	
Sep 30 2008 	Shoddy construction/OK location	Well, the majority of the reviews you've read are correct. This place has multiple problems. Here's a list of stuff I found wrong or not working in my room.Disposal stuck. (no crank attached to fix it)No HBO in Master BR.Only 1 small trash can for kitchen.No pool or hot tub.Blinds at patio door and bedrooms don't work.A/C filter clogged with paint.A/C ducts to bedrooms and Master bath not connected to plenum therefore you have no A/C in bedrooms except what filters in thru door that doesn't close.No light bulbs in oven or over stove.Carpet looks like it was brought from some other project and lightly cleaned.Used doors and ceiling fans etc. throughout.Sinks in bathrooms barely drain.Dining room chairs about to fall apart. Don't sit on them!Security people are unfriendly.	
Aug 17 2008	I wouldn't Stay There Again	When looking at the property from their web site, we were under the impression the resort had just been rebuilt and opened in August 2008. The web site stated there were 12 pools, laundry rooms and a fireplace in every room. The pictures looked great.When we arrived we found the resort was still under construction. All of the property with the exception of one building had been leveled for construction. The one building left is where we told our room was located. The room was not new, but it was adequate. However it was not what I had pictured from the web site. After looking around the so called resort, we found there was only one small pool, no laundry room and there were no fireplaces. We tried to make the best of it, and set out to the market to buy groceries for our seven day stay. We purchased about a hundred dollars worth of groceries and placed the perishables in the refrigerator. The next morning when we went to prepare breakfast, we found the refrigerator was not working and that most of our food had spoiled. We called maintenance and management. After an hour and half no one showed up. I looked around and discovered the breaker to the refrigerator outlet had been tripped so I reset it myself. When we asked management to compensate us for about $30.00 worth of the perishable items, we were told they do not carry cash and could not compensate us.We also discovered that the resort policy is only to provide maid service to the room once a week. Any additional service comes at the price of $25.00 per request.The staff was not very helpful. Most of them hung around the staff break room for most of their work day. Some of them were even heard talking about the guests and making fun of them.Although our experience was ok, but with problems, I have to say this was definitely the worst resort or time share we have ever experienced.	
Aug 17 2008 	False advertising	We just returned from a trip at Summer bay resort from August 10th-16th that we had booked a year ago. we were told they have 12 swimming poolsand come to find out they now have one because they are moving across the road to buildings that they are remodeling.We new there would be some noise, but also thought we were going to a resort on 18 acre complex. When we found out about the new buildings or I should say re-done apartment buildings and heard we might have to move there i looked it up on the internet and read that they are all new buldings with 5 pools on beautiful grounds........well they should post on the internet that it will have ,does not yet but will have 5 pools ect....Well upon arrival we found out we would be on the 3 floor no elevators, we would have to be shuttled back and forth from the resort across the street if we wanted to use the one and only pool on both grounds. Our keys had to be remade 3 times they said it was because they are new locks, we didn't have any washcloths in the room , soap, dish towels, our dishwasher was backing up so that had to be fixed , and this was a unit that was redone.Over all the units they are renting out are not ready to berented they should wait until the whole resort is done, it;s more of a hassel going on vacation when you continue to have problems every day. WE did have to say that the front desk , shuttle drivers , and house keeping were very nice always had a smile although everyone was always complaining.I think Summer Bay is very misleading about their resort.	
Aug 13 2008 	Worked for us	We stayed at Summer Bay resorts Las Vegas March 19 - 24. We own a timeshare there, and from what I understand, the old buildings are being torn down and replaced with new units. That's a good thing. The room wasn't that bad, but it wasn't all that nice either. We weren't looking for a five-star resort, we were looking for a place to sleep for a few hours after staying out all night. :)My husband and I were travelling with a couple who have a 1-year-old. (P.S. don't bring your baby to Vegas! haha) Summer Bay staff provided a crib for him when we asked with no hassle. In fact, it was waiting for us when we got there late at night. It wasn't a nice crib, but the kid didn't seem to mind it. :) I did find a dead cockroach in the bathroom, but I wasn't too creeped out by it. It would have been worse if I had found it alive! Other than that bug, the room was clean and comfortably cool.As we discovered, it was pretty creepy to walk back to our room late at night, because it is off the strip. We never had any problems though. I didn't think it was too far from the strip. You could access the monorail via a special elevator that was just for Summer Bay resort guests. Also walking through the Imperial Palace was a quick way to get to the strip. Or else walking to Bally's worked too. Given the amount of walking you do there, what's another block or so to get to your hotel. :)The concierge named Carrie (or something like that?) was super nice and gave us lots of ideas for shows to see and got us discounted tickets for a great show at the Imperial Palace. The people working at the resort were very nice and treated us like old friends.Above all, we had a great time in Vegas and the staff was very accommodating for us. Obviously the rooms need a bit of work, but from the pictures I've seen, the new ones are going to be just awesome. We're going back in March 2009.	
Jul 27 2008 	Hope the new one's better	We spent 3 days at the Summer's Bay resort. First, let me say that we were some of the last people to stay in the resort. They were planning to move to their new resort in August. I did not get to tour the new rooms because we were staying with friends who owned the time share. The rooms we stayed in smelled of smoke and housekeeping never cleaned the room the whole stay. The whirlpool was cold the first night. I could not say that I don't recommend staying there because they are moving. I will say that I hope service is better at the new facility. It is a block back from the old buildings and thus further from the strip.The next time I stay in vegas, it would be in one of the Hotels on the strip. I like the convience of on propety restaurants and bars. Also it is easier to get around by the double decker if you do not rent a car. If you rather cook yourself and don't mind taking the shuttle or renting a car then give the new place a try, otherwise stay on the strip.	
Jul 20 2008 	Wonderful Experience!	We recently enjoyed a ten day stay at Summer Bay. We were there with other family members and had a one bedroom and two bedroom condo in the main building. Our check-in went very smoothly. We were offered many wonderful opportunities for shows and dinners. There was no pressure to view any presentations. When we checked into our two bedroom condo we were very pleasantly surprised. It was immaculately clean. The kitchen was fully stocked with cooking items and utensils. The bathroom was beautiful as were both bedrooms. The living and dining rooms were very comfy. The pool area was clean and inviting. The housekeeping staff were very accommodating. The front desk staff were friendly and ready to help if needed. There were different activities daily in the main lobby. We would suggest they post some sort of calendar ahead of time so one knows what will be available. Some of the different activities were an ice cream social, popcorn wagon, morning coffee and bagels. On the 4th of July they hosted a barbecue. We would most definitely stay again at this location if the opportunity should arise.	
Jul 17 2008 	What's all the fuss about	I'm always amused by some of the scathing reviews I read about this resort! My wife and I ( and sometimes with grown-up kids and friends) have stayed here on many occasions and have never had a bad experience. We have been in various rooms around the resort and some are nicer than others but were always clean with nothing missing. The one time we had a problem was when there was no hot water. They immediately sent a repair man and after an hour or so, they couldn't fix it. The front desk was very helpful and they quickly relocated us to another unit. A word of advice to those of you who complain about problems after you have checked out - if you have an issue with something, get them to fix it or ask to be moved. They will gladly accommodate your requests. We own a timeshare in Las Vegas at Peace Canyon which is a high-end resort but we seldom use it since we can get better value for our points at Summer Bay plus Summer Bay is a great location. We didn't book this year because of the resort move but we can't wait to see how the new resort shapes up!	
Jul 9 2008 	BAIT AND SWITCH * AVOID AT ALL COSTS	This is the worst case of Internet Fraud I have ever seen. After 90 minutes of my time I was asked to pay for my vacation which was supposed to be free and I met all of the terms and conditions on the web site. They told me those were only the basic 19 different rules and their were others thry were required to verify after the presentation. RUN THE OTHER WAY,	
Jul 3 2008 	MOTEL - Wait for New building	I exchanged into this hotel being told that the new units would be ready. When I got there, it was a first come first serve basis on the rooms (what?). There was only rooms with full beds left in the main building, the new one wasn't open yet, and the only units with king size beds were in the &quot;motel&quot; section. So we grabbed a king size unit in the motel section. My huband thought, how bad can it be? Don't judge a book by its cover. We walked into the unit and on first glance it looked rather nice. Small kitchen, small leather love seat, seperate bedroom. Okay this might not be so bad. Went to sleep the first night and that's where the trouble began. The bedroom heat unit (it was December) had not been used recently, and after a couple of hours the smoke alarm went off! Tried again an hour later and same result. I ended up sitting on the nice leather couch in the living room so I could keep warm. My huaband was able to bury in blankets and fall back asleep in the 50 degrees room. Next morning two other problems arose - bed bug bites and a cold shower for my husband. Not so good. So I wisely packed up and went elsewhere. We were out the exchange (real bummer) but had a good time anyways. A week later the bug bites were gone and I was relieved they didnt travel home with us.	
Jun 2 2008 	Viva Las Vegas	We stayed at Summer Bay Las Vegas with a timeshare exchange through RCI.The attraction of staying at Summer Bay is how close it is to the strip. Walk for a few minutes and you are there! Summer Bay also has their own monorail lift to get onto the Flamingo station platform which is very handy.We knew before arriving that Summer Bay is shifting soon and the safest place to stay is in the main reception building which we requested by email before arriving. We got this request which was great. The staff were all very friendly and helpful throughout the stay and we were even given free tickets for the Fantasy show at the luxor from the concierge desk one night when were heading out.The room was basic and clean but we were out most the time so it was fine.All up we very pleased with our desision to stay at summer bay after having a few worries about it after reading reviews on tripadvisor.	
May 17 2008 	Great experience	We are just ending our stay. I must say I was apprehensive because of the negative reviews. We are in a Villa that has security gates. A nice courtyard with hot tub and picnic area. Off the bedroom is a patio with a secluded area for sun bathing. The villa was clean, but you can tell this is an older resort. I understand they will be tearing all this down and will be moving into a new resort. Never once have we felt in 'danger' even coming in at 4:30AM from the casinos. I am not unhappy with any part of my stay here. My home resort is on Orlando and is much newer so don't feel right comparing the two. Check in was a breeze, everyone was very friendly. Overall, we have been happy with our stay at Summer Bay Resort.	
May 12 2008	Never Ever Again !!!!!	I am a Summer Bay owner. I must say that the &quot;few&quot; times I have stayed there, a total of 3 times since I have been a owner (2003), I have never been so disgusted in my entire life!!! I won a lottery of some sorts to be upgraded to hold a 2 bedroom deed for &quot;my property&quot; COOL, GREAT, whatever...so they had offered for myself &amp; the other owner to come out to visit their new construction for the buyout from Harrahs. Ok! Another 90 minute timeshare presentation. We arrived on Friday morning, checked in right away went to our room, the last building next to the Italian Restaurant &amp; the Liquor store. I wasn't feeling all that safe to be right there, because usually I am in the middle somewhere with other people around me. I am also with my 12 year old daughter &amp; my sister. We drop off our luggage open some curtains &amp; tons of moths flying from everyone. Once those were shewed out we head to Bally's to start our adventure for the day. We come back to the room later that evening. My daughter wanted to go swimming so we went to the pool by the Club House area, the pool was not heated, deflated pool toys, the hot-tub was cold, and moths flying everywhere. It was gross! We then headed back to our room for the night, started showers and there were dead bugs in the window sill, the water coming out from the shower head was low. Everyone finished their showers and headed to bed. We were gone all day saturday, came in late, took showers and packed for our departure the next day. My sister was putting stuff away in here suitcase on the bed &amp; opened the curtains only to find that there was a coachroach laying dead on the dirty disgusting carpet. I find this out on the last day of being there for 3 days total. I was so sick I could not get out the that room fast enough. I took the coachroach to the front desk when I checked out &amp; asked for a refund of my $10 a night upgrade to the larger room. The woman at the front desk said &quot;oh my thats not good&quot;, needed to get help from anohter person for the refund. That woman came up and said &quot;oh that's just a grasshopper&quot;. I dont know what country she is from but grasshoppers and cockroaches do NOT look alike. Needless to say I will never stay at this resort or &quot;hell hole&quot; ever again, and not even at the new place. Then having to go home &amp; shake out all our clothes for other cockroaches!! I will just always exchange for a nicer place in Vegas. DO NOT BOOK THIS PLACE!!!!	
May 8 2008	Great location great staff	This was my 5th trip to Las Vegas and each time i have used time share time for my accomodations. Summer Bay was new for us. It is located directly behind the Imperial Palace and very convenient to the strip. We previously stayed at Tropicana, Polo Towers and The Jockey Club. All are nice, but the staff at Summer Bay was extra ordinary. They were polite and helpful and went out of their way with any needs we had. The resort itself is old, but they are tearing down all the old buildings and replacing them with new rooms. They have many pools and spas. The a/c in our room was like a freezer which was good for us because we love the cool air. We had three units, 2- two bedrooms and 1- one bedroom and they were each a little different. i am assuming this is because the resort is older and things have been replaced. The resort was clean and neat and we really enjoyed our stay.	
Apr 22 2008 	Great place to stay in Vegas!	We booked this resort through our RCI timeshare. We are Gold Crown owners and usually always stay at a Gold Crown resort. Summer Bay is not a Gold Crown resort so I was a bit concerned when I read some of the reviews other people had written. Those people that wrote bad reviews about Summer Bay Resort should go stay at the Wynn and pay $900 a night!!!!We had a very pleasant stay. I did request a room in the main tower as was suggested in one of these reviews. Our room was clean and comfortable. The bed was very comfortable and the pull out couch was okay also. The pool area was very nice. All of the staff was very nice and there was not one who did not greet us as we met them. We used the free shuttle a couple of times on the strip and to downtown. The drivers were pleasant and was pretty much right on time every time. We would have liked to get to the grocery store but did not want to get up and ready by 8:30 am to catch the only shuttle offered there. We were also able to arrange to rent a car and the front desk printed our boarding passes for us. We would definately stay there again. The location is great and it is nice to get away from all the noise and action at the casinos. Also, the new resort looks beautiful and is located right across the road.	
Apr 14 2008 	Way better than the strip	Wow, I am also shocked at the bad reviews.I come to Vegas every year for a week for conferences. I have stayed all over the place on the strip and downtown. Because of the time frame of when I was coming to Vegas all the strip hotels were way overpriced and sold out. I had my family coming with me for 3 days of my 7 day stay. I wanted to have a place that we could stay in comfortably and a kitchen to save on going out to eat.I was terrified after reading all of the comments about how bad the place was. I called and called to make sure I was placed in the main section with the lobby for safety.Once I got there I realized how close to the strip the hotel really was and requested to be placed farther from the main building and moved to the building right behind Bally's. I literally walked down the stairs through the gated courtyard and there I was at the Monorail elevator. It really only took a few minutes walking to be right there on the strip. Takes longer than that getting through the casinos at other hotels.This is really a one bedroom apartment for the price of a cheap room on the strip. The kitchen was fully stocked with supplies, very roomy with seperate rooms for living area and dining area, huge bed that was so comfortable, and a refrig and micro...great for leftovers.Staff came in and cleaned daily (not sure why other people didn't have theirs) bed was made everyday and toiletries refreshed. For all those that are complaining, go ahead and spend $200 plus on a single room with no kitchen at the strip hotels...leave these places for people that really appreciate comfort and convience. I can't imagine coming to Vegas and staying at a regular hotel now. This really is like a home away from home. Sure it is a bit older and not up to date as some hotels...but I have had much worse in more expensive hotels..And no walking through Casinos each and everytime you wanted to go out...that was my favorite part.	
Mar 30 2008 	Just got back !	Just got back and had our 2 teenagers, like many others was a little scared to see what we were getting into and this was a timeshare exchange. We were in the main building[lobby} area, the room was fine, not the Bellagio, but comfortable and clean, had a balcony and location to the strip was excellent, monorail was basically steps away! After walking the strip with the high traffic as it was Easter weekend it was actually nice to get away from the sounds of slots machine, people trying to sell you timeshare by offering free shows and mega crowds everywhere. We would go back to the room and the main pool where it was more relaxing than the strip. Sure it could use some upgrades but we all know it's in the process of moving.	
Mar 26 2008 	Better than I feared...	After reading some of the bad comments, I was leery of staying at this resort. When we arrived, we found our room to be right under the monorail and on a back alley, but our room itself was clean and the bed was very comfy.The bathroom was a little grungy, although it was a result of old windows and a bad caulk job on the tub surround as opposed to being dirty.My biggest issue was that it was cool and windy in Vegas that weekend and there was a gap under the front door that was 1-1/2&quot; high! We had to shove a coat up against the door at night to keep the wind from howling through.We found all the staff to be pleasant, and the monorail and back alley seemed to be a non-issue. Did I say the bed was comfy?	
Mar 18 2008 	Great place great location clean	We booked thru our time share (TAN) and RCI is running this place. The location is GREAT, as it is right behind the Imperial Palace/Harrahs/Flamingo, so is in walking distance to mid strip. The room was clean, kitchen complete with all you need, and the bed was comfortable. I don't understand the negative reviews, but those people may have stayed in rooms that have since been demolished. Harrahs bought this land and is planning on building on it, so the Condos are relocating one block east by the end of the year. The only negative thing I can think of be picky about is the shower head, which was a bit below par, but lots of hot water and a separate area for the wife to apply makeup, away from the steamy bathroom/toilet {:^)Staff was very friendly and even helped us print our boarding passes when we left. Free breakfast on Monday mornings, and go ahead and see the time share speech (I wanted to see the new property one block over anyway) because you get three (3) free shows and dinners (definitely see the &quot;FabFour&quot; Beatles show at the Sahara , but the buffet there sucks.) RatPack show at the Plaza was good too (for free from seeing the low-pressure timeshare presentation, about 2 hours. We were there for 8 days, so had the time). Also, the Plaza's &quot;Viva Las Vegas&quot; afternoon show is free for the asking.The resort has free shuttles to/from downtown/Freemont St. in the evenings, and to a grocery store in the morning (not the airport). They clean the rooms once during a week's stay (your pick of the day), and leave you plenty of towels (I found them under the bathroom sink.)Nice, clean place. Great Location. Don't believe the negative reviews.	
Feb 27 2008 	Resort? use the term VERY loosely!	This was the worst experience ever!!! My friend ad I arrived at the Hotel at about 1 am, due to weather conditions where we were flying from. Even though I called th resort to let the know what was happening, by the time we arrived at the hotel they had given our room (2bedroom, 2bath, non smoking suite) away. They offered us either the same suite but smoking or 2 studio suites. We took the 2 suites (right above one another). Within minutes of being in my room, my friend called to ask if I just flushed the toilet (i had). The reason being that she just had a rain shower of toilet water fall down on her (eww). After flushing agian to confirm, we called te front desk (it is now 2 am). Instead of telling us that maintenence was not available they made us wait up 1/2 hour for security to come and tell us they would leave a note for the plumber. The next morning we waited til almost 11 for pumbing to come. After they came we went to the activity coordinator to ask about getting info on atv tours. She handed us a pamphlet and sat down and read a magaine. The next day we went back to her to ask about going to the grand canyon. She gave us a small amount of info and told us we should look up the weather before we go and gave us a phone number. (um.. can't you do that since you are sitting in front of a computer and we have to PAY for wifi?)While the resort did ofer to move our rooms the next day, the problem seemed to be fixed so we stayed put. We were only there for the weekend and didn't want to unpack again. Housekeeping only comes once a week. They called to ask if I wanted a full service cleaning (almost sound like tey were hoping I said no) when I got ack to the room, the only thing they did was leave clean towels and take dirty ones. bed was not made... hair (which I jeft in the bathroom counter purposely) was still there. Trash was not emptied..So what is a full cleaning? No one ever called again to make sure the plumbing was still ok and no one seemed truely apologetic about the situation. it is as if they are numb to the complaints. Even the laundry room was an upset. Each room only has one small washer and dryer, but they vending machine advertises dryer sheets. When I tried to buy one for my dry cycle, it gave my liquid fabric softner. This would not be an issue, but I had already washed my clothes. Just another small isue that made everything annoing!The only + was tha our bulding, whic was located in a back alley and scattereed with dumpsters, was right under the monorai station. The pool was soo ghetto and dirty. The rooms also had a weird smell. I would never stay here again. I was even afraid to use the safe, because I did not trust it would work right. I wouldrather sleep uder a park bench on the strip!!!!!	
Feb 18 2008 	This Place Is Horrible And Very Dirty	This place was horrible, if you have time to change your reservation do it NOW!!! The place is dirty and nasty, where do i start. We walk in and the room stinks badly and we start looking around there are big black stains on the carpet, a big rip in the couch, the fridge sounds like a 747 ready to take off, the silverware was sitting in a tray on top of the microwave. After 1st shower had to call maintenance to have tub snaked to remove 6 inches of standing water. Everytime someone walked by your room it sounded like the window was going to fall out. But the best of all was the couple that was having sex in the courtyard between the 2 buildings in broad day light!!! Real family friendly. You have to park your car in an alley with no security. This place looks like they took a low income housing developement and tried very unsuccessfully to turn it into a resort...what a joke!! The stucco was coming of the walls on the outside of the building, there were holes in the building. The Vegas monorail runs right over the top of some of the buildings and our firends said it sounded like it was coming right through their room. Really if you have any other options to not stay here take them!!!	
Feb 13 2008 	Beware!! Nasty Ghetto Dangerous!"	If you want to get mugged then go ahead and book! This place looks worse than the Watts projects! The pictures shown are not actually the units you get your room from. The main pic is the lobby area which looks nice, but they actually book your room 1-2 blocks away in ugly run down apartment buildings with bars on the windows and stinky inside. This place didn't seem safe at all, there was a lot of &quot;suspicious&quot; people walking outside trying to sell stuff...Literally it took us 7 minutes to walk from our ugly room to the lobby! It is literally down the street! They also rent out units to part-time workers. This place is HORRIBLE! Do not stay here and the staff isn't very welcoming! The only nice person here was the shuttle guy! Other than that please don't make the same mistake we did by booking this hideous, dangerous room!!!! BEWARE!	
Feb 1 2008 	Great location very helpful staff	Wow, the reviews are so varied that I felt compelled to respond. We stayed at Summer Bay in June and plan to return this summer as well. We had our two children (ages 4 and 1) and felt very safe in the area and resort. Plenty of parking was right outside our door and we felt safe enough to leave the GPS in the car. It was great to be close enough to run outside and start the car to get the a/c running ahead of time- June can be very hot!We must have had an updated unit (in the Suites section) as our furniture, carpet, king sized bed, granite vanity, and appliances were new. The leather sofa sleeper had a memory foam mattress and was very comfortable. We usually have to put sofa mattresses on the floor. There were two tv's in our 1BR unit and the kitchen was well stocked, not that I'd ever want to cook in Vegas.The resort is one block off the strip so we walked to the buffets with the kids and then drove to Hoover Dam and other attractions. I liked to get my complimentary coffee and go for a morning walk before the crowds and heat hit the strip. They offer a poolside luau, but we already had plans that night. The concierge &quot;Scary Cary&quot; was fantastic with many coupons and discounts. They even printed our boarding passes before we left.I'm not saying that the other reviews are untruthful (except the one that said it's far off the strip) only that every experience is different. I also think the section within the resort must make a difference. We enjoyed the &quot;Suites&quot; but I heard that the &quot;Towers&quot; (main building) is best for proximity to pools, concierge, gym, monorail, etc.Just my 2 cents, for what it's worth.	
Jan 23 2008 	Well located 	We had stayed at this resort about 5 years ago and were pleased enough to repeat the time share swap. The week before our vacation we read all the hysterical negative reviews so were prepared with a back up plan since we were expecting all types of horrible disasters.We had a 2 bedroom/2 bath unit with really roomy closets and attractive curtains and furniture. We stayed with friends and the walls must be very thick because once the doors are closed you cannot hear anything so it was very private. The bathrooms and kitchen were dated but well kept up. Everything worked in the unit, the staff were friendly and when we arrived everything was very clean. The one exception was the really disgusting rug that looked as if it had given up the ghost a few years ago, I doubt if it had received a good shampoo in a while. Another negative was that the midweek housekeeping was non-existent. All they did was make the bed with the same sheets and change the towels. Absolutely nothing was cleaned in the bathroom. Unfortunately, my husband (who does not see dirt) signed a sheet of paper saying that the suite had been cleaned so I could not go back and complain. The location is within a 5 minute walk of several major casinos (ie, Venetian, Harrahs, Ceasar's Palace) and the monorail. The resort has been sold to Bally's so there are vast expanses of levelled ground between the units which may bother some people. Eventually it will all be razed but while it is still standing the units are acceptable as long as you don't walk around barefoot.Our purpose for the trip was to enjoy all that Vegas has to offer so I gave this resort a 4 stars. We spend very little time in the room so it served it's purpose very well. If it was in another geographic area where you spend more time in the resort I would not be so generous but we slept well (good blackout curtains, very quiet all the time), got cleaned well and had plenty of room therefore we were very pleased.	
Jan 18 2008	SummerBay Vegas	I purchased a package for about $300 that offered me free stays in the US plus a couple weekends at selected resorts. I figured for $300 I could stand a pitch or two for a free stay. I knew it was a timeshare and that there would be hidden costs. When I made my reservations for Las Vegas were were combining it with a wedding for my soon to be step-son. It was a weekend trip. I booked the stay through the phone and the internet. I was not told the address and location of the resort. I tried to get a confirmation mailed or emailed to me but no response. I received a confirmation call about 1 week before the trip with what sounded like the Sahara but when we got there - we were not booked in. We had no idea where there hotel/resort was. The phone number they gave me did not connect to anybody - we could not call the east coast - they were gone for the weekend. We had not choice but to book a room were we were standing - that set us back a bit more. We finally got in touch with SummersBay Vegas. It seems that their resort was more than an hours drive from the strip. We did go there and complained to the management about their lack of communication. They tried to tell me that the person who called just lost their brother to cancer - no dice - I just lost my spouse to cancer - they figured that would not work on me - so the talked faster and by the end of the short meeting I got one night paid for for our hotel and we were free to go - no sales pitch.We never used the remainder of the package I purchased. I just could not think what it would have been like to be as far as DisneyWorld with kids in tow and be left with no room at the inn.No thanks - you got my $300 - I got 1 night free - we are even.	
Jan 9 2008 	Not as bad as reviews said	Just returned from spending New Years Eve week in Vegas. We stayed from Sunday to Sunday. Upon arrival at the resort the staff was very friendly and our check in was quick. We had a 2 bedroom, 1 bath on the 2nd floor of the main building #1. The bedrooms were large as well as the kitchen, dining area &amp; living room. Would had prefered 2 bathrooms but it was not a problem. This is an older resort, but clean.The resort is very convient to the &quot;strip&quot;. This resort is directly behind the Imperal Palace where you can walk through the parking lot to Las Vegas Blvd.The room was cleaned mid week with fresh towels, clean sheets &amp; they even washed the few dishes we had from breakfast.Throughout our stay all the staff was friendly &amp; helpful. The parking was easy with a parking garage as well as off street parking.We would stay there again except the resort is going to be torn down for a city complex. Summer Bay Resorts is moving...	
Jan 8 2008 	Despite the reviews it was fine!	We stayed here over New Years 2007 and we had no problems at all. Everyone was friendly, even the maintenance staff, mostly who did not speak English. We had a one BR condo that was sparkling clean and seemed to be very new inside. The bulding it was in was old, scaring us a bit as we drove up to it. I think the only drawback was parking. You are literally parked under the monorail and the parking is limited. At least in these particular buildings. There were several other clusters of buildings-some appeared to be in very bad shape-some brand new. If you do not have a car, they take you to your unit in a golf cart if you are away from the main building where you check in. I will gladly answer questions about the property but until you know what building you will be staying in, I can't tell you how it will be. We tried to find that out before we went but they couldn't tell us until we checked in. We booked thru RCI.	
Dec 21 2007	The Projects	This place was awfull I have never felt scared being at a so called resort like I was at the Summberbay PROJECTS. I am not exagerating this place reminded me of Compton CA. It was absoloutly the worst place I ever stayed at. It is not even a resort people actually live in these rooms and the very worst people I may add. Like your prostitutes, drug dealers, Sex offenders and all kinds of criminals. After a long night of clubbing I got dropped off at the Harrahs (which is next door) the securtiy guard told me to be careful walking to my room she said that a lot of bad things happen at this so called resort. I mean it rooms are actually boarded up and run down. I am not joking when I compare it to the projects. If you want your life to be threatened on vacation stay here, if not pay the extra money and stay at somewhere descent. IF I CAN JUST GET ONE PERSON NOT TO STAY THERE I WOULD FEEL LIKE I MADE THIS WORLD A BETTER PLACE.	
Dec 2 2007	Future CSI episode	Problems:1. Safety. We stayed directly behind an alleyway, our routes to the monorail, office and strip were unlit, the gate didn't lock, our friends' door didn't lock, our windows didn't lock.2. Lack of cleanliness. Dirty tub which didn't drain, permadirty tiles. Dirty carpets. Yuck.3. Disrespect. Painting our stairs and walkway so we had to wait to leave in the morning, telling friends to take public transportation to Sam Boyd Stadium, rude concierge.4. Noise. No noise from anyone staying there, just the construction behind the hotel. 5. Cost. I paid as much as I would have in a mid-level strip hotel.6. Timeshare. I didn't go to this through a timeshare program and never took a tour. Wouldn't have stayed there at all but our friends were using their timeshare through RCI.7. Rattling fan, even when it wasn't on.8. It was just gross. It didn't help that I was 7 months pregnant and didn't bargain on walking all over the place.I complained upon checkout, got a snicker and a giggle from the woman at the desk and she said she was glad we had a good time. Called corporate, then the manager gave me 140 and told me to voice my complaints earlier in my stay. My bad, I guess. Is this place torn down yet?	
Nov 30 2007 	Close to MonoRail	This was a RCI timeshare that we used to make this reservation. I was also apprehensive on reading the reviews TripAdvisor on this resort and was questioning if our choice was a good one. Once we arrived at the resort from the airport I was quite surprised at how nice the place looked..Check-in was fairly easy and quick once they located our reservation on their system. The man put us in UNIT 590 which was very close to the Monorail elevator at the South End of the resort. The key swipe for the elevator didn't work so we had to either walk into the Flamingo Hilton or the Imperial Palace entrances to the Monorail. When we got off the Monorail, the down elevator worked as we didn't need to swipe our room key for access to it. The only problem is that if you can't use the elevator at the south end of the resort you have to walk to another entrance with out sidewalks and that is dangerous as there is a fair amount of traffic on the roads around the base of the Monorail. We also called about this and the lady at the desk said they were working on it. Hopefully it is fixed as it would make things safer and more convenient. The people who were in the suite before us must have flushed a Diaper down the toilet as it always wanted to plug on us. We called the front desk and maintainance staff was there in short order to fix the problem. It did overflow on us once but thank god we has plenty of towels and the water was clean in the bowl. The unit was clean and the carpet was not in bad shape like I had thought it would have been from reading the previous reviews. This room has new furniture in it and the bathroom had new tiles on the floor. The bathtub had a newer finish on it as well. The bed as a large kingsize bed which was nice. I would say our stay was average and the difficulties encountered in our stay were looked after in a prompt and courteous manner by the staff at SummerBay Resort. I would have no problem staying here again.	
Nov 26 2007 	Welcome to the Cold Cockroach Hotel	What a stay! When we arrived, we noticed there was construction going on and at check in we were informed that this resort had recently been sold to one of the large resorts for $30 million so they were clearing the area. As we drove over to where our room was there were signs posted around the hotel construction sites warning about asbestos dangers. We got into our room and decided to go out and when we returned later than night we switched on the light in the kitchen to have cockroaches scatter all over the counters and floor. We immediately called the front desk only to be told that nothing could be done about the problem until the morning when the manager returned. So we spent the night with the cockroaches. In the morning after showing in a tub that did not drain, we got back on the phone and tried to work things out, the manager and front desk basically told us, “too bad.” They refused a refund and at first even refused to move us to a different room, but we were eventually moved to another room without cockroaches. Because it was November it can be cold at night, and so we switched on the heater only to get cold air. We thought it would warm up, but it didn’t and we had to sleep in the cold. In our new room we again showered in a tub that did not drain. If you want a nice stay in Las Vegas, don’t stay here. The pictures are not a true representation, rooms have cockroaches, heaters don’t work, tubs do not drain, and the hotel management and staff really do not care about their reputation or the guests because the hotel has been sold and will soon be gone.	
Nov 18 2007 	Wow - Better than expected	After reading the negative reviews my wife and I were a bit concerned about the Summer Bay timeshare for our trip to Vegas.Upon arrival we were informed our &quot;request&quot; for a non-smoking room could not be immediately filled, however, if we returned in a few hours they would make every effort to have one available. We did check out 2 smoking rooms but chose to return in a few hours in hopes of having a non-smoking. Two hours later, Summer Bay Registration called my wife's cell to inform us the unit was ready!!, we returned and checked into a 3rd floor non-smoking 1 bed room with balcony. This &quot;delay&quot; was the only negative we experienced (yawn) and well worth the wait.Sure, the carpeting is a bit worn &amp; the air conditioning unit a bit noisy &amp; the rooms were not as plush as the ones at the Bellagio but we enjoyed our stay and the location is a big plus.We found the staff to be very friendly and accomodating, the grounds safe and inviting and our balcony unused. We didn't use the balcony because we spent most of our time seeing the sights, gambling, shopping, dining &amp; doing in Vegas what people do in Vegas - we barely had time to sleep.The place is an old Vegas &quot;classic&quot; and we both will be disappointed when it's demolished and becomes some mega-resort's Sports Arena. Enjoy it while you can, too bad we didn't discover it sooner.P.S. - We did &quot;discover&quot; the Amargosa Opera House in Death Valley Junction - go see	
Oct 20 2007 	Not Recommended	Our friends have this property as a time share and we stayed with them for a week. The first night they tried putting us in a REALLY old, smelly small room and it was unbearable so we requested to be moved. The next room 5-- (can't remember the exact room number) was OK. Nothing spectacular, especially given the price. The room location and size was excellent - directly behind the Imperial Palace, but that was about it - the following is a list of everyhting that was unacceptable to us (and we are not overly picky, just want a nice, clean room):- Bathroom had a weed GROWING out of the sink - Litterally! (I should have taken a picture of it!) Sink did not drain properly.- The shower did not have a head (i.e. a jet of water only coming from the pipe in the wall)- Bathroom was quite dirty and tub was so dirty we only showered (i.e. no baths)- We were suppost to have maid service twice in the week. We never got any maid service except we we called to request the towels to be replaced. - TV remote did not work- Windows had no screen - the only locks were the little metal clips you screw on and off. Not exactly high security.- Air conditoning worked...too well, unit would not shut off! We could chnage it to fan, or heat, or A/C but if you want to turn it off you couldn't!- Pool outside the room (attrium style) was small but nice except not heated. - Kitchen was poorly stocked (i.e. few plates, utencils, glasses, non-telflon cook pans....NO dishwasher. Fridge/Kitchen table was good.- Livingroom hide-a-bed was ok, comfy enought for a hide-a-bed.- Summer Bay does not offer any kind of breakfasts in the morning. Would not stay here again. If you do stay here - ask for the newest rooms available and/or ask to be as close to the Imperial Palace as possible - otherwise the back of the property can be quite a walk to the Vegas Strip. Don't expect much and you may enjoy your stay. I'd rather stay at a different property or a Hotel.	
Oct 4 2007 	Best value in Vegas! A gem!	Located behind the Imperial Palace in the middle of the Strip, this hotel is the best! Close to everything and equipped with everything. The resort has two dozen little 1-2 story buildings: all gated! Pool and jacuzzi every 2-3 buildings, BBQ pit, outside tables! The suite we got had CA King bed in the bedroom, and sofabed in the living room. TV in both, plus dining area with table and 4 chairs. The kitchen was spectacular. Extremely clean and better equipped than your own: fridge, microwave, electric range, can opener, coffeee pot, utensils, pots and pans, plates, cups, glasses, even dishwashing liquid and towels!!!I was so pleasantly surprised by this hotel/resort that I had to write about it! All this for around $100/day!!! For a family of 4 this IS THE BEST VALUE IN VEGAS!	
Oct 3 2007	don"t stay!... dirty and unsafe	DO NOT STAY HERE! We experienced everything from holes in our sheets to a cockroach in the bathroom. The carpets have not been cleaned in years (socks will be black in minutes!), the pools have dead bugs that are NOT removed daily, and housekeeping didn’t take out our trash in 5 days. It would be cleaner to stay on the streets of Las Vegas!	
Sep 27 2007 	Avoid this place if you like friendly service.....	This resort is soooooo unknown that the taxi drivers didnt know where to find the place....! even though it is only one block back from the strip.the lady that helped us check in, although efficient, was not the most friendly person to have as a first point of contact!!The bell-hop was the only pleasant, and helpfull person working at this resort.I went to the concerige to get information about booking tours and activities.....she was rude! I dont think she realised we could actully hear her conversation on the phone....! where she was telling the person on the other end how much she disliked waiting for customers to make up their mind about what they wanted to do...her comment that most offended was &quot;they should have figured out what they wanted to do before they got here, instead of wasting my time discussing it amongst them selves,,,&quot;NEVER expect to get a taxi from this hotel....they have a direct phone line to two taxi firms, I called one and was told pick up would be in 10-15 minutes....an hour and a half later we were still sitting there like idiots waiting..... luckily for us, as that point the bell-hop dude, told us that we would have better luck getting a taxi at one of the bigger hotels...he even gave us a ride to the back of Harrah's to catch a taxi....!Although the room was reasonable clean, they could have spend a little bit of time cleaning the mould from the tiles in the bathroom....Changing the towels daily would also be a fantastic idea.....at the moment policy is to change the towels once a week....and there is no point in asking for more, they take longer then the taxi's to arrive....! Just go get some of the pool towels.....!I can see why this place is scheduled for demolition....	
Sep 23 2007 	Do not beleive all the negative comments	We were worried after reading all of the negative comments but all we can say about this resort is great.We arrived and were welcomed at the front desk we were given a ride to our room which was off the main lobby.When we arrived we were pleased to see that we got exactly what we odered a one bedroom non smoking unit. The unit was very clean and comfortable we had easy access to the pool and sauna that was maintained everyday with new towels at our disposal.The grounds are very secure and I always felt safe walking thru and from the main strip, the best way to get to the strip is through the back garage of the Imperial Hotel.People who complain should look at the rates of the prime hotels and go there this is not a five star and it does not pretend to be but I can tell you the it is a good 3and half to four star and when they rebuild it will become a four star for sure. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel I have been to a lot of resorts and would be glad to come back.The staff will do everything to make your stay worthwile. There is also a barbaque at each location if you wish to cook your own meals The corner store sells beer, softdrinks and anything that you require from a corner store and it is only minutes off the complex.Last comment forget these negative people and go and enjoy your stay some people will find faults with everything and quite frankly this resort does not deserve the bad comments that it gets.Bob Pat Ron and Joanne from Ottawa Canada - Orléans	
Sep 18 2007	had a great time	my sister and i stayed the week of 9/9/2007-9/16/2007. the staff was great. the bell men, scary carrie,all the front desk people. they made us feel welcome everyday,and were receptive to our needsi the two bedroom suite had everything in it we could use. thankfully we were in the tower, with the pool and jacuzzi. my sister was suffering with a sprained back and used the jacuzzi for relief every day, while i used the pool to get my aerobic water exercise. i would come back in a heartbeat. dlarge	
Sep 11 2007 	Above Average - Needs Upgrading	I stood there from 8/26 - 9/2/2007. First of all, I absolutely loved my stay. I heard about the horror stories, but Thank God, I had a non-smoking 2 bedroom suite. What I loved:* Private pool for each unit*Private Patio in each unit* Exercise Room*Private laundry room for each unit*Convience to the strip and stores*Staff members - John, Mary &amp; Chris were incredible!!!*Convenient store on site*Convenient transportation to and from the main building.I was extremely fortunate to have a wonderful little apartment.Now the negative side:*Housekeeping only comes 1 day out of the week. There is an extra fee for this service.*You do your own housecleaning - I always thought that when you are on vacation - that was the one thing you didn't have to do.*Only 1 jacuzzi at the main building - would of been nice if all the units had an outdoor jacuzzi - as well as a private pool*Housekeeping needs to clean the apartments better. *Hawaiian Luau is overpriced for what you pay for.*Exercise equipment needs to be updated.I hope that when they move and renovate, it will be bigger and better. I am looking forward to staying there again. It will be interesting to see what the new Summerbay Resort will be. If you do book this resort, book it 6 months in advance and get the 2 bedroom suite - nonsmoking. I give this resort a B-.	
Sep 4 2007 	the place should be demolished..	Th place was so filthy and stinky that we had to pack and leave.It was a nightmare. Everything was old and dirty we didn't have the heart to let our kids touch anything. So we checked in a hotel. It was expensive because we had no resrvation, but worth it. On top of all that , you had tram running on top the whole time.	
Aug 1 2007 	Good location and descend resort to be close to actions	I got this 2 bedroom condo at an auction for less than $300US for one week, I would say good value for money spent. Room: Needs some light update but not in a terrible shape. WE had a small terrace in the back whch was nice. But sitting in the torching sun with skytrain over head is not exactl my cup of tea. Both bedrooms were with king size bed so my mother needed to share the bed with my 2 young boys age 3 and 5. WHile I and my husband shared the bed with our 5 months old baby. Good size rooms but I would have prefer 2 double bed in the second room. Bathroom/ kitchen: 80's. You know what I mean!Location: one block from the main strip but you can only walk through that area during day time. Personally, I did not feel safe walking with 3 young kids in dark street after 9pm. But we were next door to Flamingo which was very nice because they have a beautiful garden with animals and kids loved it. Durng the day, we were within walking distance to every where....Pool: Our complex had a motel pool which was always too cool to swim. Main pool is located at the reception and need to walk a good 5 mins. NOt pleasant under vegas sun! But the main pool is nice. Used only once though. Staff; nice and friendly. Free breakfast and popcorns are nice touch and they are pretty nice about it. Accomodating as well. Because we did complaint about the location being away from the main are but we found the main complex's rooms are smaller and not as updated as our assigned room. So we did not change. Tips: we went to Flamingo to use their pool which was just right next door. They have happy hour every day from 4 - 6pm and with slides and kiddi pool, we were all set. (that is one thing the hotel did not have: a kiddi pool or a playground)Shopping: do use their shopping shuttle if you don;t have a car. Very convenient and much cheaper than the grocery store by Tropical. Hope this helps.	
Jul 30 2007 	Beware And Listen To Other Bad Reviews	An absolutely terrible hotel. Do Not Stay Here. It will ruin your vacation as it almost did for my wife and I. This is an RCI timeshare &quot;resort&quot;. For a company and stature like RCI they should be ashamed and disgusted to even be affiliated with it which I can't belive that they are. I will ramble on here a little bit because we just got back from our trip and I still can't believe we stayed even one night in this hell hole. I had my doubts from the moment I booked the Summerbay because of the bad reviews that I read, which by the way are ALL true. I took a gamble though and it turned out very poorly. Our original room had stained, smelly rugs. Dirty floors, smelly and dirty shower drain and we had remenints of the previous guests (old shocks in dresser drawer) My wife and I stayed two nights before we complained. The front desk showed us two other rooms that were not a smidgent better. So we called RCI and comlained but they couldn't accomodate us in any other properties. They agreed to credit us the week and my wife and I packed up and went to the MGM for the remaider of the week. It was wonderful. I feel bad because I pay all this money for the timeshare and I had to go and pay for four nights and food at a hotel.To add insult to injury we found out that this property is being torn down at the end of the year to make way for a new Harrah's project. So you know they aren't sinking any money into upgrades.To be honest they should knock it down NOW!	
Jul 25 2007	Don't Stay Here!	Nice lobby &amp; helpful concierge. Nice pool shared by 12 rooms which made it pretty private. Too bad the suite was filthy and shabby and in desparate need of an overhaul. Carpeting and upholstery stained, tubs/showers dirty, air conditioning blew directly onto our beds which felt like we were sleeping in front of a window unit. The floors were so dirty, the bottom of our feet were black from walking barefoot. Even though we booked a year in advance, we couldn't get one of the nicer rooms in the main building. The other rooms are in separate buildings which are accessed by alley ways. A little scarey late at night.	
Jul 15 2007 	Okay in the Main Building	We were very concerned after reading previous reviews and prior to travelling e-mailed the resort requesting a room in the main building. Our request was granted and once I saw the layout of the resort I was really glad we had done. There are numerous blocks in Summer Bay, many of which are quite isolated and close to some less desirable areas. The hotel entrance is reasonably impressive but once you enter the lifts and corridors to the rooms the standard of decor and furnishing is quite poor. It's really just tired and it's no surprise it will be demolished next year. The check-in staff were poor, we arrived too early for our room (which we knew) and were asked to return at 3pm which we did. We were kept waiting for a further hour after we returned without even as much as an apology. Sadly lacking in customer service skills and we were happy not to have to deal with them again.Our 1 bedroom apartment was actually a pleasant surprise. It was very spacious with a sizeable living room and decent kitchen. A lot of the kitchen appliances appeared to be brand new although we never actually used them. We did have a balcony but it overlooked a car park plus there was a lot of electrical cables suspended from our building, not a pretty site. We were situated right next to a Laundry Room which was free to use apart from the detergent so that was pretty useful. The location of Summer Bay is excellent, two minutes from the rear entrance to Imperial Palace and out on to the strip. It was also a short walk to the monorail.The pool was tiny but to be honest it was too hot to spend much time there anyway so was not a major problem.In all we had a good holiday but it's probably as well Summer Bay is being demolished. It is tired and badly needing upraded hence the reason it is being relocated.	
Jun 27 2007	Stay here if you like old and filthy	Me and myhusband exchanged out Fairfield Share Plus points to stay a week at this hotel and at first we were happy to be able to get VEGAS but after we arrived we see why there was availablity. This hotel was the dumps and it was full of senior citizens who acted like they were so happy to be there. This is no lie when the offerd continental breakfast one morning the line was out of the building. We thought they must have been serving something good but when we got inside all they had was one bagel in a sandwich bag and cream cheese. People were actually stuffing the bagels inside their pockets to get more than one. It was the worst place I have ever stayed. We complied and was given our week back and we in turn went and paid to stay at another resort. If I am going on vacation I at least expect the accomadations to be on the same level as I have at home or better not worse. There was rust in the toilet and bath tub and the carpet was worn and smelled like mildew. There was window a/c's like we were still in the 70's. The entire place was just in need of serious renovation.	
Jun 25 2007 	Don't let the lobby fool you.....	My family and I stayed at the Summer Bay &quot;Resort&quot; April 8 - 14 and it was by far the worst hotel we had ever stayed in. I will admit, the lobby looks pretty nice and welcoming, but the rooms are terrible. If you've ever stayed at the main hotels on the strip, (Flamingo, Mandalay Bay, etc.) don't stay here, it's a major disappointment. We stayed at the flamingo last time and were expecting something similar this year, what a let down. Bottom line: If you are used to nice 5 star hotels, don't stay here.Cons:-Windows rattled everytime the wind blew-Loud A/C-Some &quot;suites&quot; are located apart from the other rooms across from run-down apartments-Rooms smell bad-&quot;Swimming pool&quot; is just standing water in a cement hole-You can hear everything that goes on outside just as if you were really outsidePros:-No Roaches (What a surprise)-Staff were friendly-They're demolishing that place.....	
May 19 2007 	Anniversary in Vegas	I exchanged my timeshare for one week at summerbay resort. I was apprehensive after reading the reviews on this website but was pleasantly surprised! The units were in enclosed compunds most with a pool. I checked in on Friday to a 1 bdrm unit w/patio and a pool but asked if I could have a 2 bdrm which is my entitlement. I was told to check back on Monday which I did and was upgraded. The unit had two bathrooms two bedrooms with king size beds a living room and a full kitchen. We were on the 2nd floor and overlooked the pool. My family was very satisfied with our accomodations. The resort offered daily activites which we did not partake in as we spent our time on the strip which was a short walk. The resort also offered shuttle service which we took to return in the evenings. The staff were all friendly from the reception to the bell boy (woman in our case). I would stay here again. One thing to remember is that you don't need 5 star accomodations in Vegas as you are hardly ever in your hotel room!	
May 10 2007 	Crack-house condo life	In over 15 years of RCI exchanges, this is by far the most unimpressive, low-rent crack-house apartment complex we have ever stayed in! (No offense to any crack addicts reading this.)The place has zero charm. Our second-story one bedroom unit was reached via a outside stairwell. The ancient airconditioners stick out in front of every unit. And when you wanted to cool off, geez were they ever loud! However, you need to keep your bedroom door open to catch the breeze from the one a.c. machine given to each condo apartment.How can they get away with this? Simple: they intend to rip the whole thing down to the ground next year as they have been bought out and will demolish the place to make way for a new glitzy Vegas hotel complex. So why should they care? They don't. (But you might....)	
Apr 19 2007 	Don't listen to the bad reviews!!!	I was really worried about this resort after reading some of the reviews but its really not that bad. I stayed at the Summer Bay for one week in March with my family and would definitely consider staying there again. When we arrived the staff were really helpful and made us feel very welcome. We stayed in a 2 bedroom apartment which was clean and very comfortable. We didn't use the pool but there were people in there every day and it looked clean. We were not in the main building, we were actually the furthest building from reception but even that wasn't very far away - maybe 2 mins walk from reception. And the area didn't seem at all rough to me. I felt safe walking back at 2 o clock in the morning. The location of the resort was excellent - right behind the Imperial Palace hotel and to be honest I think that is the most important thing. We hardly spent any time in our room because there was so much to see and do, therefore being close to the strip was great. If you're going to Vegas for the luxury then stay in one of the big expensive hotels on the strip but if you're going there to enjoy the sites and to have fun and you just want somewhere to sleep that's clean, comfortable and affordable and isn't too far away then stay at the Summer Bay.	
Apr 12 2007	Go most anywhere else!!!	Checked in this last weekend 04/08/2007 and it was the only time we have ever checked out of a hotel before staying the night. The room given to us was supposed to be a suite, but it really was a converted 1960's motel, except that the bars on the windows and the seven foot by eight foot living room area made the place feel like you were not getting any real value for the $115+ per night I was paying. My wife freaked out at the first impression this place made. We attempted to get something better, maybe an upgrade, but at that time were told that this was the best that they could do. So we litterally went to another hotel 2 blocks down the road. We attempted to get a partial refund with the understanding that we would atleast have to pay for one night in that it was 5pm when we first got there. But no refund would be offered. The next morning I went back to the &quot;resort&quot; and wanted to know why we were kept registered even though we told them we were not staying and they offered a more deluxe upgrade. That room was considerably better, but the surrounding area was still questionable. If you decide to stay at this place make sure that you get one of the promo suites that are a part of the main structure. Other than that you'll just get various degrees of mediocrity ranging from truly poor (pathetic is probably more accurate) to only just nice. Never before have I felt that I have been taken, but didn't get any money back, and didn't stay at the hotel for any of the 3 days planned. Tuscany was a nice alternative, Modern, Clean, Spacious and a nice property too. For about 30% less!!!	
Mar 27 2007 	Not as bad as they say (the main building atleast!!)	Our stay at summer bay was great. We were a little apprehensive after reading some of the reviews but were pleasantly surprised. We arrived early so were able to get a room in the main building. Our room was very clean, had a balcony and the furniture seemed new! The staff was very nice. The exercise room was in ok condition with a window opened right next to the pool..there was a little breeze that came through. The pool in the main building was very nice...it was clean, plenty of lounge chairs, a little section with shade and there was music playing over the speakers. We spent very little time in our room, basically just to shower and sleep in between golf and the strip.Overall, Summer Bay was not as bad as people made it sound...at least in the main building!	
Mar 23 2007 	Great place - don't understand why they are getting such bad reviews	We stopped in Las Vegas for the last part of our vaction and I was honestly concerned about the place due to some really bad reviews. It was basically the only reasonably priced place to stay within walking distance of the core area of the Strip and I really didn't want to go out of town to find a place to stay, but at the same time I wasn't about to pay $300+ for a place to sleep. Anyway when we got to the place we checked in, the people we're very friendly and helpful, we drove to our room and I was very happy with the place. The room was clean, and in good shape. The only problem we had was the shower didn't drain well but no biggie. I don't understand some people and what they expect. Sure the place isn't new, but the courtyard in our area was nicely groomed and clean, we used the pool and it was clean and heated and we felt very safe as they had security that patrolled the area all the time.	
Mar 18 2007 	Perfectly fine if you ask the right questions	After reading other reviews of the property I was skeptical, but everything worked out fine. I asked for a unit near the main building, and it was in fact nicer and safer than others farther out appeared to be. Housekeeping did only an okay job, and the pools are overclorinated, but still enjoyable.	
Mar 4 2007 	Old but GREAT!	Just returned from a 1 month stay at Summer Bay. We had a one bedroom in the Main Building. It was very old, but very comfortable and clean. The staff was just FANTASTIC! Kudos especially to Carrie, Rick and Leann. The resort had daily activities and were so helpful in anything you needed. I would stay there again in a heartbeat. It was a wonderful vacation.	
Feb 18 2007 	$10.00 Quality Resort	Uninvited ants in the kitchen everyday, bathroom very unsanitary,rugs dirty and bad odor. The odor was comming from the rugs. I will never stay at this resort again. My wife got an asthma attack because of the heavy odor. The quality of this resort is equal to a truck driver quick stop motel not for family with small childrens.The staff at the front desk were excellent (*****).	
Jan 26 2007 	not one complaint about our stay	stayed for 7 days in november 2006,, and loved it, all the staff was very helpful and polite, very nice one bedrm with nice kitchen and living room,, we would stay there again,,had a very nice time and very close to everything.. room were very clean and comforable,,again we just loved it,,,Tom and Nancy	
Jan 8 2007 	Loved it :-) Will stay there again !!!	Absolutely loved the place. Best place to stay in Vegas with toddlers. Location is awsome, right behind Imperial palce, only a block away from the strip. Safe to walk @ late night too as the property is staffed with security guards. Kitchen was adequately equipped, bed was comfortable, everything was very, very clean, staff were friendly &amp; helpful. I will never ever stay @ any Vegas hotels as Summer Bay was a lot cheaper &amp; more comfortable.	
Dec 12 2006 	Loved Summer Bay	stayed in one bed room in the main building at summer bay resort. the staff was excellent, rooms were clean and the bed was very comfortable. Plenty of room for two people ,kitchan stocked well enough for cooking anything you might want to cookThere are 5 heated pools,and found the main pool to be quite nice. Main building right across the street from the Emperial Palace parking lot,less than 5 minute walk to Imperial Palace casino, and monorail. Monorail is very quiet and can not hear it. I must mention the Van driver Rick Wilke who returned 200 dol ars to me that I had lost on the van. I wonder how many people would have done that Thanks again Rick.	
Dec 1 2006	Heck no we won't stay	I am writing to you with grave concern regarding a denial for stop payment of charges we incurred at the Summer Bay Resort Las Vegas in July 2006. In July 2006, My daughter and I took a group of high school athletes to participate in the Main Event Basketball Classic in Las Vegas. I searched the web and found the Sumer Bay Resort whose advertisement showed a plus family style atmosphere and accommodations. But when we arrived, what we found was horrific and we realized that we had been shammed by corporate giants. When we arrived at the lobby of Summber Bay Las Vegas property, the lobby was beautifully decorated and adjacent to the lobby was a fairly new building with attractive accommodations. An escort was instructed to drive us over to see two buildings. We got into a cart and drove several blocks (properties) away over to a group of old renovated apartment complexes. We got out and walked around in disbelief. Before our eyes was a horrid scene. There were a few buildings that had been renovated and on both sides of the building and across the street were severl abandoned complexes that had ben boarded up and were covered in graffiti. These buildings were derelict and clearly not a safe place for families or anyone to stay in. In a few of the abandoned building we saw indigents who had found a place for squatter. On the corner at the far end we saw unsavory characters that appeared to be conducting drug sales. We were in stunned disbelief. We could not believe what we were seeing. The website had depicted a resort with 11 swimming pools and volleygall pits. I peered over one of the fences and I could see a makeshift volleyball net that had been strunged between two poles. It was absurd. We got back into the cart and asked the escort to drive us back to the lobby. This establishment knew they were scamming people and they were doing it bold and outright.We returned to to the lobby and asked to see the manager. We were escorted into the manager's office where she proceeded to tell us it was their policy not to refund and deposits within 3 days of arrival. I told her that what they have here is not what was represented on their web site. It was then that she admitted the property on the website was their location down in Florida. This at the ver least was false misrepresentation of a product. we had no choice but to leave and book our stay at the Residence Inn which was a safe, clean and beautifuly enivornment.I have a video that I went back and capture the area, where they wanted us to stay.E, L. Hollins, of California	
Oct 24 2006 	A good base to stay	We sayed here for two weeks, good location close to everythig. Dont go if you want a 4 or 5 star hotel, but do go if you like to be comfy and relaxed. Saff are vey helpfull, with no problems of changing rooms. Maybe go for an upstairs room if you dont like noise above as it did sound quite loud. we stayed in room 249 with pool right outside, mostly to ourselves	
Sep 20 2006 	Great Location	I found the Summer Bay Resort to be a well-located, clean and comfortable motel. Our one bedroom room, which had recently been re-furbished, was lovely. A full kitchenette and living area was provided, with 2 large televisions. The bed was very comfortable, and there was alot of closet space. The only disappointment was a very old bath tub, which had been painted -over and was now peeling. The small pool outside of our room was great, and a larger pool with jacuzzis was a short walk away, near the main reception. This motel was very close to the Venetian and Harrah's, as well as the Las Vegas monorail.	
Aug 11 2006 	Great for families.	We had two weeks at Summer Bay Resort in July 2006. We researched many properties in Las Vegas but needed an apartment as we are a family of 4 with 2 small children aged 2 years and 8 months. After much searching, Summer Bay looked great as it was so close to the Strip and the accommodation style we needed. We were extremely happy with the property - it was as promised in standard of accommodation and location and some things exceeded our expectations eg. our room was cleaned almost daily over the 2 week period. There is always something that you might not love about where you are staying but you have to remember you get what you pay for..... Summer Bay was fantastic value for money, clean, comfortable and a fantastic location to be able to go out with our girls walking and not have to rely on taxis, shuttles or monorail. We had a 2 bedroom apartment on the ground floor and were very close to the back entrance of the Imperial which made getting around very easy. We did hire a car after 2 days there because we could then go to Walmart for groceries etc and because of the heat we would often drive to a casino and valet park (cost is just a tip you don't pay for parking!). So.... I highly recommend Summer Bay for someone who wants a comfortable 2.5 - 3 star property, apartment style, close to the strip (and I am a travel agent!).	
Jul 21 2006 	The Best We had a blast 	Don’t let the other ratings fool you. We got into Vegas at 10 pm got the shuttle for 10.00 round trip right to Summer Bay, check in was fast and easy the bell boy took us to our great Apt. as we got ready for bed about an hour later as the sofa bed was opened we looked in shock as it was broke and not sleep able our first thought was here we go problems in the first hour of the 9 day stay. Front desk was called and in about 5 mins. the bell boy was there to take use to our new pad. Problem solved. The strip was a 10 min walk from us and we went out at all times and even being 4 lady’s alone we never felt we had anything to fear even as we sat out in our front yard at 2 am or at the pool at 1 am. Summer Bay has something to do every day like pool party’s, bingo, and free shuttle bus rides along with great staff and grounds. As we sat outside our door we could see the Harris, Mirage, pink flamingo and other hot spots. The pool and the spa is very clean, free coffee and great maids too this was a great place to stay able to sleep at night no noise to wake you and heres the kicker all four of us Lady's thought the same way about our stay at Summer Bay	
Jul 13 2006	OK but not great	My family and I stayed in a 2-bedroom unit at the Summer Bay the weekend following 4th of July. It is looks as though that the facility used to be a low-income housing project. We were in one of the &quot;renovated&quot; units down the street from the main building. Parking was in the ally next to apartment tenents who lived across the way. Many of the buildings were boarded up with &quot;No Trespassing&quot; spray painted across the building. The landscaping was pretty nonexistant and the areas around the buildings were not very pleasant. I also wondered about some of the people working there. Many of the women behind the desk either had multiple piercings and/or more makeup than a showgirl. The only dress code seemed to be their company polo shirt. The rooms had fresh paint. Beds were comfortable enough and there were TV's in both bedrooms and in the living room. Living room was small and there as a very large tear in the chair. Kitchen was adequately supplied w/microwave, toaster, blender, apt size refrigerator, dishes, pots &amp; pans, silverware, etc. that all seemed to be very clean. We had to walk almost a block just to get to the main pool which was small considering how many guests the resort can accomodate. I don't think we'll stay here again.	
Jun 26 2006	Great location great room!	After reading so many negative reviews about Vegas' Summer Bay on this web site, I was genuinely worried. I asked for the main building, as some people recommended, but I was told that the suite I was assigned (in building 45) is better and much further from the construction. And it was! Everything was new and in top condition. My friends were very comfortable on the new pullout green-leather couch, as were my husband and I on our queen bed. We had a TV in the bedroom and living room, an iron, hair dryer, broom, etc. The kitchen was very well equipped – with a big refrigerator, an oven, microwave, pots and pans, silverware and more. We didn’t even have to buy dish detergent or paper towels. The room was cleaned once for no charge during our stay. My one complaint is that the garbage wasn’t cleared everyday, and it’s really not something you want to do on your vacation. We got plenty of towels and at some point we had too many! The staff was very friendly and helpful. There’s free shuttle service, free breakfast pastries, twelve pools, free resort activities, etc. The Monorail is nearby and we were even offered a ride by an employee on a golf cart. All this, plus the awesome location and the price cannot be beat!	
Jun 23 2006	Great Location	Just returned from a week stay at the Summer Bay and after reviewing the many pros and cons on this web site I was to say the least very leary of staying here. I requested and received a renovated 1 bedroom in building 46, unit 812. This was perfect. If you are expecting a true Las Vegas resort, you will be very disappointed this a no frills place to stay and I agree with previous reviewers that the term &quot;resort' is misleading. This timeshare facility is a former Ramada Inn, trying to become a resort and while they are continuing to upgrade the property they do have a long way to go to rival a true resort. There is 24-hour security roaming the property and we never felt unsafe. Don't use the monorail, spend the money and get a car, the money you will spend on the monrorail is no more then what you would spend for a car and the facility is right behind Harrah's and the traffic is not bad. You can use the valet at all the hotels for $1-2 tip and not have to walk all over town in the heat! The 1 bedroom came fully equipped with a full kitchen, nice leather furniture and a very comfortable bed. There are no real frills, the pools are not heated and can be a little cold in the mornings, but with the heat of the day they do warm up. The grocery store is not far from the facility and I would recommend going to Albertson's instead of Von's.  Get a players card at Harrah's and the Mirage/MGM and you pretty much have all the &quot;strip&quot; hotels covered. Go to Paris for the buffet it is wonderful and the hotel is great. The buffets at Harrah's and the Mirage are also wonderful. Try the Nine Fine Irishman at New York, New York it is a great pub with great food. If you want a really nice night out on the town go to the Veneitian to one of their restaurants, I recommend Emeri's it is outstanding. All in all I would go back to the Summer Bay as long as I was given a renovated suite and I hope the next time I go they will have finished their upgrades and become a true &quot;resort&quot;.	
Jun 7 2006	Great Value	I was also worried after reading some of the reviews written here. But it was fine. Everything was clean and the staff was fine. It is a wonderful deal if you don't want to pay a huge amount for a room. I also like having a kitchen. I was in building # 50 which was across the street from office. Some of the surrounding area looked a little run down, but it didn't feel unsafe. They have security riding around at nite if you come home late. If you want luxury don't come here. In order to get something real fancy you have to pay the price. Plus you have to realize that it is a older building and not new. We had plenty of towels. They tell you that if you stay less than a week there is no room service. But if you want it they charge a small fee. But someone came in our place and removed the trash and put in more towels even though we didn't stay a week. As long as you are not expecting a new fancy building, everything is fine.	
May 25 2006	Great stay at Summer Bay	Before i went to Vegas i looked at the reviews on tripadvisor and i was very concerned as to what we were turning up to! But i couldn't have been more pleased, the accommodation was lovely. The room was very clean and tidy and the furniture plus kitchen appliances all appeared to be very new.I did however get a room in the main block, this was after reviewing the bad reviews and i thought this might be the best option. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful and they were ok with me asking to stay in the main block. I can also say that everyday we walked through reception area and i never once saw anyone that appeared to be unhappy and wanting to change accommodation.The great thing about staying in the main building is that if you don't have a car, which we didn't, then it is the nearest building to the strip. It only took 5 mins (if that) to get to the back of Harrah's casino. You have to walk through a car park to get there and i was a bit concerned on our first walk that it was a bit dodgy and especially at night, but i couldn't have been more wrong. It is well lit at night and there are always plently of people around plus there are security cameras. The only one negative i can say about the resort is that there is no view, as we looked out onto a carpark. But who needs a view in Vegas, there is too much to do to spend to long in your room!!	
May 16 2006	Great Vacation at Summer Bay	We have just returned from a two week stay at the Summer Bay Resort in Las Vegas. Like many we were concerned over the reports read on the Trip Advisor, but found that our accommodation was of an excellent standard. Yes, the &quot;blocks&quot; were reminiscent of a motel, but the appliances inside appeared either brand new, or very recent. The leather suite was comfortable, as was the bed. Towels were changed regularly and there was a spare supply as well. No, the swimming pool was not heated, but then with temperatures of 90+, it was more of a blessing. The position was ideal, only a half a block from the very centre of the strip.Some might think that we are easily pleased, but we do own two RCI Gold Crown resort timeshares, one in the USA and so are aware of the different standards of accommodation.We are also aware that our particular blocks on Audrie Street were well landscaped with flowers, shrubs and other ornamental features but that some others were not so attractive.	
May 11 2006	DON'T STAY HERE	DON'T STAY HERE! If you want a resort go somewhere else. This place is worst than the reviews. We spent one week April 28-May 5 in a two bedroom &quot;renovated&quot; rooms. It was horrible. The place looks like government housing projects. the place is surrounded by boarded up, broken glass buildings. We had one small pool that wasn't even heated. Our refrigerator leaked, my son fixed the broken microwave, only one bathtub for a two bedroom. It had mold, drained slow, and someone else's hair stuck in the drain. It was horrible. It had cheap 70's furniture. A very small kitchen.  This place is not safe. We had to park in the alley next to a dumpster, or in the street surrounded by the boarded up buildings. We were the first one to report a burglary in the laundry room.  We were promised one of the rooms that had a whirlpool bathtub. We got ourselves packed, went to the front desk immediately and was told that the room with the whirlpool bathtub was taken. I spoke to the Manager as well as the Maintenance man. They have two rooms in the whole resort that have the whirlpool bathtub, and they don't work. Apparently, they don't know whether to fix the tubs or tear down the buildings. The tubs are located in the &quot;Villas&quot;. Don't let the name fool you. The place is a dump like the rest of the resort. The &quot;Villas&quot; have a bedroom view of people coming up and down from the monorail, and an alley. Bottom Line, don't stay here.	
May 9 2006	Do you want to gamble on your Vegas accomodation?	Las Vegas is the home of gambling but I didn't want to be gambling with my hotel accomodation. I booked Summer Bay for 4 nights early April 2006 before I had read Trip Advisor reviews. The price was good compared to the strip hotels that were playing how much can we get away with charging for a room. I deliberately avoided weekends but for some reason other Vegas hotel prices went through the roof when we were visiting, however Summer Bay prices remained good value. From some of the feedback I considered cancelling my booking but decided to gamble that it would be OK.I needed two bedrooms and Summer bay offers suites. The accomodation was certainly spacious and quite well equipped. From the outside it resembles a 70's motel, inside it was dated but there were no complaints about cleanliness. Our suite was set in a small gated courtyard with no pool, just some sun loungers and scruffy grass, there was also a bbq. A pool was available in the next building but it wasn't heated and far too cold to use. We did not get accomodation in the &quot;renovated&quot; section. This was evident from the faults we found - including a faulty shower delivering scalding water to the feet and cold from the shower head and kitchen cabinets that wouldn't stay shut - both hazardous. The sink in one bathroom was painted over and the taps had parts missing. The ground floor windows slid open and had weak screw on catches - there were no bars on most windows and this did not seem at all secure. Some of the problems got fixed, the maintenance staff were helpful but why do guests have to write problem lists for the hotel? The guy that fixed the shower said it was the fifth he done that week. The front desk staff weren't very cheerful, when we checked out we were asked if we had enjoyed our stay and we mentioned the problems we had experienced but no interest was shown.The location isn't brilliant. You can walk through the back entrance of Hurrahs to the strip but only after walking along the service road, past all the rubbish and across a road with no sidewalk and clearly not intended for pedestrians.When we were there, the next door property was a huge building site which will go on all through 2006 at least.To sum up, Summer bay was good value for the accomodation offered but suffering from neglect. Without any problems it would have been OK. Possibly it's too dated to really make anything worth the money it would need spending on it. There may be better accomodation in Summer Bay but I wouldn't go back or recommend it from our experience.	
May 9 2006	Not a resort	This place is not a resort. It is also way oversold on what it is. It is a very sad set of run down apartment buildings which were once projects - some of which are still in utter disrepair and boarded up in and around the &quot;rennovated&quot; buildings of Summer Bay. I use the term &quot;rennovated&quot; very loosely - they've basically painted them and a few have had some landscaping done - as for the rest - a paint job is about the best you can hope for. The rooms smell, the furniture is run down and stained badly - parking is relegated to a back alley next to boarded up buildings and large trash bins for some of the units - and you're guaranteed a boarded up building view. You may or may not be lucky enough to have a tiny hot tub or even smaller pool for some of the complexes.If you do find yourself staying there based on price, location and it's rating - be sure to ask for the &quot;Tower&quot; building. This at least has some semblance of a 3-star rated facility with decent furniture. However, even there you'll get plenty of mildew in the showers with curtains that are barely in place and torn up balconies. The cost is affordable and the location is great, but I think you're better off spending a little more money and heading to a Best Western.	
May 8 2006	You'd have to pay me to stay there again!	This place is ONLY tolerable if you get a room in the main building - beware if you are assigned a &quot;suite&quot; in one of their neighboring buildings...looked like low-income housing gone wrong!	
May 3 2006	Summer Bay Resort	I have stayed in a lot of resorts this is by far the worst place I have ever stayed. Our room faced a board up building across the street, so we felt like we were in the getto. The pool by our room absolutely got no sun. -- The roll out sofa was a joke - no way anyone could sleep in it. We finally asked to be moved -- they told us we would be going to an upgrade room -- we ended up going to a smaller room -- had one bathroom for 6 of us and when we went to pull out the sofa bed it was broken. This place needs some serious remodeling done. The bathroom faucet in the shower was hanging off the wall. The sink faucet kept dripping. The staff was very pleasant -- they have to deal with what this place has to offer.	
May 2 2006	Summer Bay loved it!	I just got back from a girls weekend in Vegas and we stayed at Summer Bay. The location is perfect, just behind the Imerial Palace. Just a brief walk to the strip. The resort itself was great. We stayed 3 girls to a 1 bedroom and it was perfect. 2 in the bedroom and 1 on the couch. It was great having the kitchen as we ate breakfast there in the morning. If you are used to staying in a 5 star hotel you may be dissapointed but we thought it was perfect. Who spends much time in your room in Vegas anyway? There are several pools which unfortunatley we did not get to use. We planned to but just never seemed to have the time. The service was great. One night/morning myself and a friend were walking back to the room about 4 am and a man from the resort pulled up in a golf cart and gave us a lift back. They seemed to roam around alot in the golf carts which made us feel quite safe walking around after dark. There is a little mini mart quite close where we got water and beer and other munchies. We also used the bus system to get around the strip, an all day pass is a very reasonable $5.00. All in all we had a super time and would definatley stay at Summer Bay next time.	
May 1 2006	Good Location	We just returned from a 5 day 4 night stay at this resort. We own a timeshare so we were able to book this with our point system. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The location of the resort is right behind the strip which is very close to Harrah's, Imperial Palace, and right in the center of the main strip. Unfortunately the free shuttle to Fremont Avenue was not available during our stay so we just proceeded to take the bus instead, which was a bit of an inconvenience but not a problem. There is a convenience store and a liquor store within walking distance which was an asset. The room itself had much to be desired. There are about 6 rooms per building for anyone booking a 2 bedroom/2bath. Our building was located next to a boarded in building which was a site for sore eyes. Maybe the resort should invest in the property and tear down the building and use the land for other purposes. The rooms were very small. I didn't care for a &quot;shared&quot; bathroom in the hallway. We did have one in the masterbedroom but I didn't think that was fair for the other couple.The bedrooms consisted of one king bed and one queen bed in the other room. Needless to say the area was very cramped and uncomfortable. I felt as though when I turned around I would crash into someone.The rooms need to be cosmetically overhauled. The tiles on the bathroom floor is beginning to come up and the rooms could use new furniture and a fresh paint job. I don't think I would pay to stay here. It was convenient since it was available through our timeshare program.Not to say that it isn't a nice place because it is. It's just that when you first arrive and walk into the reception area it is a bit deceiving because of the glitz and glamour and well kept furniture in that area. You think that your room would also appear to be that nice but it is not.	
May 1 2006	Better value and more room than in the big hotels.	We stayed a week. From the outside it looks like a collection of average quality motels and although our room was one which had yet to be upgraded (it looked nothing like the pictures on the web site and had dated furniture etc.) we were happy with it. It was clean and well equiped with a kitchen/dining area, living area, bedroom and bathroom. The bed was really big and very comfortable. We had lots of towels and they were changed almost every day. The location is great, if not very attractive, because it's only a few minutes walk away from the strip via the Imperial Palace rear entrance.The only downside was the building work nearby which appeared to go on 24/7 and without double glazing it was very noisy.	
Apr 17 2006	Very pleasantly surprised	Just returned April 16th, 2006. After booking there with some hesitation, i.e. having read some pretty awful reviews, I can highly recommend Summer Bay Resort. Certainly the location is outstanding and the price is excellent. Our 1 bedroom unit was very clean and comfortable. All new appliances in the kitchen and all the utensils one needs to put a meal on the table. Both TV's worked well and plenty of hot water.The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The shuttle service was very convenient.Would definitely return.	
Apr 16 2006	Quiet place	This was a quiet, clean and safe place to stay. It was within walking distance of the monorail and the Las Vegas Strip. Also offered was the 'free' shuttle to the Fremont strip.It is not the most fancy place to stay but for the price I would recommend.	
Apr 14 2006	Excellent Accommodation	We arrived near the end of March which seems an almost ideal time (weatherwise) to stay in Las Vegas. Check-in was very friendly and we were given two weeks in the same apartment, not in the main building but a short distance across the road.Building 24 was in a very nice area near the monorail and the Imperial Palace as well as having roads both infront and behind. Although we thought this could be potential noisey it really wasn't. Although some generator noise from the Imperial bothered us occasionally we did not have any problems sleeping. I expect buildings 23, 22 which were further away to be better noise wise. The location could not have been better for us, all we did was exit through the back gate and walk up the road along side the Hilton and Flamingo (5 mins) and we were on the strip opposite Caesar's Palace, etc. The apartment was obviously recently refurbished and each large bedroom had a very comfortable king sized bed. It was far far better than the hotel room in the Luxor that my wife stayed in and much better value. Really the apartment could not be faulted and the air con was extremely efficient and easy to use. Check out the photos in review (Sep 19, 2005) as their apartment looked the same as ours.The apartment was beautifully tidy and clean and odor free when we arrived and new towels were provided on the Thursday after we arrived. We expected as we were staying there an additional week that house keeping would change the bed linen at the end of the first week but they disappointingly did not. They were also very reluctant to help in any way other than to provide new towels and did not empty bins in bedrooms when they should have. We were on the ground floor which meant we had access to an enclosed area with table, chairs and loungers for sunbathing. Being in Vegas with so much to do we only used this area a little but enjoyed it each time. Some of the other buildings in this row have their own swimming pools.We had a huge spa bath, seriously huge! and made use of it a lot at night to relax in and there seemed an endless supply of hot water. Despite taking over half an hour to fill the bath we never ran out of hot water.The resort do a complimentary continental breakfast on Monday morning between 9am-10am at which you can get muffins, doughnuts and bagels, etc. This we appreciated although you are recommended to get there early. They aslo provide free daily papers in the 'activities' room.I cannot commend the free shuttle and drivers highly enough and for 6 days a week at 8.20am it will take you to Von's grocery store. Remember to pick up a Von's reward card before you start shopping there. It saved us about $40 on our shopping. The shuttle also takes you to some of the popular hotels on the strip and near downtown also, a real boon. There is a convenience store very near by, but compared to Von's Grocery very expensive. The shuttle also takes you to Ellis Island which many locals go to for the excellent (homely) cuisine and cheap prices. It does entrees on Thursdays for 99c, a deal that cannot be beaten, other nights meals are from $4.95. Had we known this sooner we could have saved ourselves a lot of money by going a lot more often.We enjoyed eating at the Cheesecake Factory and also at the Stage Deli who must do some of the best deserts in Vegas. Both of these are in Caesar's Shop Forum.The shuttle makes several stops within the property to pick people up and some areas definitely look a little dodgy with some abandoned buildings boarded up. These abandoned buildings did not belong to Summer Bay. Wet walked back from Ellis Island (10-15 mins) at night and we were quite safe.Other than the shuttle and taxis there are 3 transport methods; the monorail (fastest and most expensive at $5 a trip but very convenient), the Vegas Trolley Bus (slowest but it does take you to the Las Vegas Outlet Mall), and the Deuce which travels up and down the strip for $2 (adult) and $1 (children) - slower than the monorail but faster than the Trolley. If you want to see a Vegas show, try going first to some of the half price ticket places. We did this three times and were never disappointed and of course saved ourselves hundreds of dollars.The Vegas state now charge people staying at the Summer Bay a tax of $5.04 per night but its not a lot and we really enjoyed our two week vacation at the resort.	
Mar 12 2006	homely place	summer bay resorts is just off the strip. homely place where the staff are friendly and helpful. excellent activities are provided for children and adults.the resort does not have its own casino but there is no shortage of casinos within walking distance.the property is located next to the monorail station. unfortunately at USD5.00 per trip this is not an ideal option. the day pass is hefty USD15.00 per day.the more viable option is the day pass for the buses. at USD5.00 per day this is a reasonable mode of transportation.if you are not in any hurry then the handy shuttle to the strip hotels at regular intervals is a boon. the shuttle also makes a trip to the supermarket in the morning for those who might wish to purchase groceries etc.we found this place to be very homely and can recommend it to individuals and familes.rajamanu	
Mar 11 2006	best deal off the strip	my family and i just returned from a las vegas vacation where we stayed at summer bay resort. i was a bit hesitant about the accomodations after reading some of the reviews, but we decided to chance a stay there anyway. it was definately the right decision! the 1 and 2 bedroom units are more like small apartments than hotel rooms. the kitchen had everything you need to prepare and eat a meal; even a blender and salad bowl. the rooms were very clean, and the beds were very comfortable. the only thing that we noticed to be misleading was that most of the website ads said that a breakfast was provided for guests every morning; the only day that this is done is monday. however, summer bay does provide a free shuttle to most of the popular strip hotels, which in las vegas is definately the better bargain of the two!	
Mar 6 2006	I wouldn't go anywhere else	My 3 girlfriends and I just got back and highly recommend this hotel. Yes it is off the strip, but only about 75 yards from the Imperial Palace. We had a two bedroom with a pull out couch in the living room/dining room, a queen in one room and a king in the other. All things required in a kitchen were provided. We cooked breakfast (bacon and eggs) for breakfast and had cold meat sandwiches which we packed for lunch and ate dinner out. What a cost saving and how nice to lie around in the morning without having to run for coffee. There is a little convenience store down the street about 1/4 mile. Every staff member we met went above and beyond our expectations. Who wants to stay on the strip at night! Unless you are prepared to pay $1,000 a night at one of the strip hotels you won't be facing the strip, but stuck in a room with a bed, no fridge in the back of the hotel. I would definately go back!!! If you are looking for a great reasonable lunch or dinner, try Max's in the Aladin. $3.99 for chicken breast in bun with fries, or $6.99 for dinner. Amazing value compared to $5.12 for a muffin in a kiosk at Caesars.	
Jan 18 2006	Great place!!!	This is not technically a 'resort' as some reviewers here may have expected, but I must say I was really impressed! BE SURE to Ask for a room in the renovated part of the hotel (right above the main lobby) and you are steps away from Harrah's (walk through their casino and right out to the main part of the strip with Ceasars, Bellagio etc.) and the monorail (we never rode it, but assume it is nice!). Other parts of the 'resort' (and it was HUGE) looked a bit dated and old! The room was small, but if you are going to vegas and looking for inexpensive, convenient and clean, this is your place! I LOVED the microwave and full size fridge, real plates, glasses and silverware! Bed was actually really uncomfortable too, but jeez, i was in vegas! I wasn't really sleeping all that much anyway! I would certainly stay here anytime I visit Las Vegas!	
Jan 16 2006	Hated it!	Since I have become a timeshare owner, I've come to expect resorts and rooms that are beautiful, up-to-date and well-equipped. My room at the Summer Bay Resorts was neither. It looked like a motel room from the 60's and in great need of renovation. The room decor was unattractive and the heating/AC system was archaic. They were window units with no thermostat so you had to operate it manually. I also had a rental car and I had to park it in the alley which was the closest parking space to my room. This was also where we had to enter to get to our room. The location must also be a hotbed for crime because they had security guards very visible which is good on their part but it did give me a feeling of uneasiness. My bedroom view included handmade keep-out warning signs affixed to the building across the alley. I will never book there again because it did not look like the picture I saw on the website. I did not take a picture of the resort because I didn't want to remember I had stayed there but I will from now on to post at this website.	
Jan 8 2006 	Las Gag us	The photos on the website looked good, but in person, please!! The building we stayed in was between two other buildings that the resort did not own. They were boarded up abandoned buildings sharing a common drive with some welfare type apartments behind it. They were covered with graffiti and plastic sheets for windows. These buildings appeared on the resort map as open space until you drove to the area and saw them in person. When we asked if the area was safe to walk to and from our room we were told security would escort us if we wanted it. The rooms were old and outdated, the bed was uncomfortable. The only good thing was the closeness to the strip and other casinos.When we asked the desk person about the abandoned buildings they told us that they(the buildings) were bought up by MGM who just bought the Imperial Palace next door and were trying to buy up all the surrounding properties. Maybe they were trying to devalue the resort to get a total property take over. The sales staff told us the buildings were owned by the resort and have not been renovated yet. Didn't know who to believe there. No one even tried to sell us any time there. Thank goodness.I guess if you stayed in the main building it would be like a hotel room. Luckily our rental car was not vandalized or stolen.	
Jan 6 2006	Great Place for New Years Eve vacation!!	My husband and I have just recently returned from our New Years Eve vacation stay at Summer Bay Resort in Las Vegas. We were very pleased. This is our 4th time to stay at the resort, and it is definately much better this year. We stayed in a one bedroom remodeled suite. All of the furnishings were new, leather sleeper sofa and chairs in the living room, very nice dining area. The bathroom was sparkling clean with extra towels. The bedroom was very spacious with a king size bed and huge closet and dresser. The best thing the resort has going for it is its location and the shuttle service. FREE shuttle to the stip, downtown. No cab fares. We were able to view the fire works from the room and did not have to be down in the huge crowd of people. We would highly recommend this resort to anyone who wants a reasonable quiet place to stay that is close to the stip with easy shuttle access. The shuttle drivers and excellent. I would recommend that you always ask for a renovated room at checkin as they are still in the process of remodeling. Can't wait to go back next year!	
Jan 6 2006	Misleading advertising - basic motel	The photos provided in websites regarding the Summer Bay Las Vegas are very misleading about the overwhelming majority of rooms at this so-called &quot;resort&quot;. There seems to be one fairly new building that includes the reception/sales area (don't forget this is a time-share group) and about a dozen rooms - this is what you see in the photos. Our 1-bedroom suite bore no resemblence. The acres of property, multiple pools and suites mentioned are really a conglomeration of various neighboring 1960's 2 and 3-story court motels that have been bought up and painted the same color. There are a few buildings mixed in that have not been scooped up yet by the hotel - some are vacant, some boarded up, and a few seem to be serving as cheap apartments. Our suite was a perfectly ordinary 1-bedroom motel room with kitchen. It was clean, with a decent tropical-pastel paint job and newer motel-grade furnishings. The carpet was laid over an uneven floor however, and obviously they are not too serious about keeping the rooms truly &quot;non-smoking&quot; - they just spray the room with Febreze or whatever. If I had been on the road and just passing thru a city, AND if it had been half the price, this would have been a perfectly fine stop. However, I wasted a Hotels gift certificate during a New Year's trip to Vegas on a motel room that was represented to me as a &quot;condominium unit&quot; at a &quot;resort&quot; with photos of rooms that turned out to represent probably less than 5% of the available rooms. And they want to sell timeshares! Who would trust anything they say?	
Jan 3 2006	Wonderful accomadations for a new years trip!	My husband and I just returned from a trip to Vegas for new years eve. All of the strip hotels were so much money and I feel like we totally lucked out by reserving two rooms at Summer Bay Resorts on lasvegas.com. We pd. $150 per night, which was a bargin. After reading the other reviews, I called ahead to request renovated rooms close to the strip so we didnt have to walk far. They told me that all the rooms were close to the strip so this wasn't a problem. Our friends also booked a room and got to the place ahead of us to check in. My friend found that we were assigned rooms pretty far away from the strip and requested to be changed. They accomadated us without a problem and we got two rooms next door to eachother in building 28. My sister was staying with my husband and I so the spacious room came in handy. The renovated room was great! We had a large bedroom and a living area with pull-out sofa. The kitchen had everything we needed. We didn't cook anything, however a few times we brought home our leftovers from eating and stored them in the refrigerator-perfect for late-night eating. A wish every hotel had one because we also bought beer, water, etc. to keep cold. An additional bonus were all of the full length mirrors in the rooms. We did notice only a few bath towels though, but quickly realized they had stocked some extras underneath the sink along with toilet paper. We were all pleased with the room.Our room location ended up being perfect. We rented a vehicle and parking was free and right behind our builing. You could walk out the back of the unit and turn right or left to get to the strip hotels. We were directly behind the Flamingo so we went there often. Also, the monorrail was right behind us so we could have gotten right on at anytime. This was the perfect location. Overall, we had such a wonderful time for new years - went to several clubs and basically just toured around the city and gambled some. Vegas has so much to do and Summer Bay Resorts provided us with excellent accomadations close to everything we wanted to do! Additionally we were able to purchase a late check out for 5 pm on new years day for $40. This was great since normal check out was at 10 and our flight wasn't until 4. I would highly recommend this to anyone traveling to Vegas - perfect for staying on a budget or for a family. I would go back and stay here again for sure.	
Dec 14 2005	Summerbay Resort (Yeah Right) Las Vegas Ugh!	This resort needs to stop where it is right now, demolish and start over immediately. And please change your name, take the &quot;resort&quot; off because it definitely is not one. When the shuttle pulled up to Summerbay &quot;Resort&quot;, yeah, right, (LOLOLOLOL - hilarious that they would even try to pass this off as one.) We expected to see something very nice since we had the pleasurable experience of staying at the Summerbay in Florida (which we absolutely loved). Nope, not what you going to see. Our sight of this mess what you call a resort is exactly what I stated, &quot; a mess&quot;. It was like we stepped into the set of a 1950's Old Western Movie. We expected to see tumbleweeds roll by, cowboys and Indians come out and start a fight in the parking lot. As if this is not enough, you insult people by dressing up the lobby as if this is some taste of what our rooms may look like – yeah, right! Advice: RENOVATE THE ROOMS – IMMEDIATELY. BRING THEM UP TO DATE, WE LIVE IN THE 21st CENTURY (I figured I would tell you since it seems you don’t know). First of all we could not get into our hotel at all due to the fact that the door to our room was broken shut. My husband had to literally pry it open with a good shove of the shoulder and a couple of forceful kicks. We asked for it to be fixed the next day and I have to admit the service was prompt but apparently maintenance had no idea of how to fix it because the problem remained unsolved. We just decided to kick our way into our room instead of bothering staff again. When we got the door open the first night, oh goodness the smell that others write about is definitely correct. It was an old, moldy smell, (I had to clean and disinfect the entire space. I could not sit or sleep there until we found the Walgreens and I brought a can of Lysol, Comet cleanser and Clorox Bleach) has old scratchy furniture, no central air just a big lunky, chunky old 1970 a/c units (who uses these anymore?) We had the pleasure of uninvited guests in our room\, the bathroom tub is an eyesore and the hot water - at times what hot water?? If we had to stay longer, I don’t think I would’ve asked for a new room for fear that we may get something more dreadful than what we already have.I must admit the bed was ok, my husband and I slept pretty good. The staff is also very nice and friendly. If we had to stay on the premises most of the day, I think I would have lost my mind. GIVEN A CHANCE FOR A FREE STAY AT SUMMERBAY LAS VEGAS, I WOULD DEFINITELY PASS. UNLESS THEY TOTALLY MAKEOVER THEIR ENTIRE HOTEL, I WOULD NEVER, EVER STAY THERE AGAIN!	
Nov 6 2005	Do not worry be happy!	Hello to anybody who are going to Las Vegas.We(I and my husband) just came home to NYC(Brooklyn).I booked this resort as exchange of my points(similar to timesharing) about two months ago, it was only choice to stay in Las Vegas without car. I read all bad reviews at that time, was depressed and after i saw good ones my mood became better. Thanks to them who wrote a good news. Now i am the one who advise to go to this place. The location is the best, the view from the room is beautyfull. We stayed in one bedroom apartment(renovated), we are over 65 years old, have health problems. When i made reservation i told them what i would like to have, including location, not far from the main office. All my requests were met. You can see that they are trying very hard to improve their image. This place is good if you used to staying in motel, only you have an apartment. Everythig is very simple, but new and clean. I think the name &quot;resort&quot; confusing some people, they expecting much more when coming to this place. For us it was good, quiet place to come to rest for a couple of hours and go back to the strip. We had a great time, it was one of the best vacation for the last 30 years that we live in USA. So, do not worry, go to this place and be happy.	
Oct 16 2005	Not Bad	After reading the reviews of Summer Bay I was very depressed about having already booked there. I have to say that I didn't have a single complaint, and it was much better than anticipated. We stayed in a one bedroom in the lobby building. The unit was a little small, nothing fancy, but nothing to really complain about. It was clean, it didn't smell, and there was no bugs. Nothing luxurious, but it was fine. I had to call maintenance twice,both times they responded within 5 minutes and fixed the problem. The first time I was at fault, I broke the blow dryer, the second time the toilet over flowed. I even had a follow up call both times to make sure the problems were fixed. We took their shuttle service to Freemont Street-free. We went to sign up for the shuttle, there was 8 in our group, the shuttle was already booked so they put another shuttle in service to take us down to Freemont Street. Also, I was not bothered once by the sales people, which was a plus. Summer BAy is less than a 5 minute walk to Harrahs,Imperial Palace and the monorail. It's about 10 minutes to The Venetian and about 20 minutes to the Fashion Mall. All in all-no complaints	
Oct 16 2005	Had a great time at Summer Bay	Was a little apprehensive after reading reviews posted here, but was pleasantly surprised. A/C wasn't working properly in first unit, but they moved us right away to the main building. We had to give up second bath but was okay for 3 of us. I had requested and received a renovated condo and was more than satisfied. Unit was clean and roomy and more than met our needs. Pool was nice and clean and area around it was very relaxing. Entire staff was terrific...especially loved Carrie and Turbo Terry at activities and Sam and Angel at Concierge. Night security staff was great when I hurt leg in taxi. Since we were eating out every night, store on premises had everything we needed for breakfasts. Why cook when Vegas has so many good restaurants. You can walk to strip through Imperial Palace or Harrah's in about 5-10 minutes and shuttles leave from main lobby. Only downside I could see was housekeeping only comes once a week to take garbage, clean and change towels. However there are brooms etc. in unit. As place is very spread out, I would suggest you ask for renovated unit in or near main building. I would recommend Summer Bay to anyone and would certainly stay there again.	
Oct 14 2005	Loved Summerbay Very Nice	This place was beautiful! I was very, very concerned about staying here do to all the bad reviews. We used my parents timeshare here and I don't regret it what-so-ever. I must say that the people who gave bad reviews may have gotten stuck with rooms that have yet been renovated, but if you call before hand and ask for a renovated room, you will get one. Our room was in the main building..it was like a small apartment for two, which was perfect. Two bedrooms with TVs &amp; ceiling fans, living &amp; dining room w/ TV and celing fan , full kitchen with all the amenaties and full bath. We did see new furniture being placed in the buildings that surround the main building, so they are making progress. Yes the rooms have a funny smell, but what hotel/motel, etc. doesn't? Plus you can smoke in these rooms which is probably what you smell, but then again you can smoke anywhere just like you can drink anywhere! hello?? I do have pics of the room that I will post as soon as they get developed. My best bud took a pic of the outside and forgot to get the inside on her digital so that's why there is only one pic so far. No problems with the staff, everyone was very nice and helpful. We did find to 2 crickets in the room on seperate occassions, but that's because WE left the balcony door open most of the time when we were there, really no big deal, it's a cricket...they are everywhere is Vegas.	
Sep 28 2005	Loved it - nice and quiet	Very impressed with Summer Bay. Yes we had a refurbished room and it was great just like a mini apartment and there were no smells!!!. A 100m walk to the pool but when we got there we were the only 2 in there. Nice and clean with towels provided too. We stayed there for 14 nights and had housekeeping once - twice was available but we cancelled one. We like not being disturbed and we are tidy people and like our own space. Really close to the strip and the monorail, ideal location. Not in the same league as a top hotel but for somewhere quiet and convenient to the strip it was ideal. Free shuttle runs to nearby locations and helpful staff too.	
Sep 20 2005	Not A Resort!	This place definitely is not a resort! I have stayed in worse places, but this is definitely not a resort! We had a clean room, except for ants that appeared in the bathroom two out of the three mornings we stayed there. Housekeeping came in everyday and we had clean towels and the trash was emptied everyday. The kitchen area was clean. The smell that was in the room I believe was coming from the air conditioners. After a while this dissipated enough not to be noticable too much. The location was close to the strip. Overall, our experience was not that bad, but I will probably shop around the next time when I return to Vegas. I did not see any other bugs in the room, except for the ants. And as stated, housekeeping did accomodate us on our stay.	
Sep 19 2005	We loved the Summer Bay Resort at Las Vegas!!!	We stayed at the Summer Bay Resort in Las Vegas from September 14-18, 2005, and loved it! We were very worried about our stay prior to arriving due to all of the bad reviews of Summer Bay; however, we were very pleasantly surprised upon our arrival! We stayed in Unit 512, and did not have a single complaint. We arrived before 2:00 p.m., and were able to check in early. Unit 512 was directly across the street from the office. It was a two-bedroom unit that was very clean and nicely furnished. There wasn't a single bug problem or mismatched furniture, and no bars on the windows!! We also had a deadbolt lock by properly using the door handle, and the instructions were posted right on the door!Our unit was directly beneath the monorail, but we never one time heard it. Actually, we rode the monorail frequently, and it was an excellent mode of transportation up and down the strip. Even standing next to the monorail upon it arriving, it was virtually noise-free. We really enjoyed the casino at Imperial Palace, which was a very short walk. In fact, all we had to do was walk out the back of our gated unit, and we were already in Imperial Palace's garage. Harrah's was also right next door, and within a two or three-minute walk.To sum it up, we had a wonderful trip, and would return to Summer Bay anytime we go to Las Vegas. This was our fourth trip to Las Vegas, and we had always stayed in the celebrity spa suites at the MGM Grand prior to this. Therefore, we have very high expectations of anywhere we stay. We are very picky people, and could not find a complaint with Summer Bay. We have attached some photos with our review. Please look at them if you are considering a stay at Summer Bay.We sincerely hope this review helps those of you who intend to stay at Summer Bay, so that you don't have to be as worried as we were going into it!!!	
Sep 16 2005	False Advertising-Don't Go!	I am actually a timeshare owner with this resort. I am stuck with it since I would not sell it even to my enemy. Every time I stay there, the stay is terrible. The rooms have a stench that a whole can of Fabreeze cannot cover up. Every room I have stayed in has had roaches or some sort of bug in them. They are never truly clean and the managers act as if they do not care about your comfort at all. I will say that if you make a big enough stink about it you at least get some of your money refunded to shut up. However, the cost is not that high so I would rather just get better service. They say they have renovated some of the rooms and I have stayed in both the &quot;not yet renovated&quot; and the so-called &quot;renovated&quot; rooms. They are both disgusting with that moldy horrible smell and second hand store furniture. I do not believe the owners know what renovation looks like. If I could dump this property, I would. If you are the type of person that spends most of your time on the strip returning to your room to get a quick shower and power nap, then this is the place for you. If you are like me and want to enjoy you stay in your room as well, stay somewhere else, anywhere else. The Motel 6 that rents rooms by the hour has better rooms.	
Sep 12 2005	Bad experience!!!	I stayed in this &quot;resort&quot; for the labor day weekend. We rented a two bedroom. There was a total of six people in our party. We didn't receive what we expected.  We arrived on Friday, September 2, checking in was a breeze your lobby is beautiful. We arrived to our room (326), Some of us decided to freshen up before heading out to the &quot;strip&quot;. Both restrooms were clogged, water was not going anywhere. I called front desk, they sent someone out, they arrived about twenty-five minutes later. He unclogged the showers and we were able to finish our showers.  Saturday: Our beds didn't get done, our trash didn't get taken out...no type of housekeeping was received. When the third person decided to take a shower there was NO HOT WATER!. I called the front desk, they sent someone, they arrived about 30 minutes later. The man that came to the room to solve the problem said the heater was not big enough to hold that much hot water, we were going to have to wait about forty-five minutes to allow the water to get hot. RIDICULOUS!!!! Sunday: Before we left to &quot;the strip&quot; I called the front desk to ask if they could please provide housekeeping to our room, I got transferred to housekeeping. Housekeeping told me they would send someone out immediately. When we returned at night time, guess what? NO HOUSEKEEPING!! Upset at all that had happened since we arrived, I called the front desk and asked to speak to a manager. I spoke to a lady I can't recall her name, but she said she was the front-desk supervisor. I (very upset) proceeded to tell her everything that had happened since we arrived. Her response was &quot;why did you wait until now to complain?&quot;. She said she did not know why housekeeping didn't go to our room she said &quot;I am not the housekeeping manager&quot;. I didn't get any sort of apology or explanation.  We checked out on Monday (9/5/05). When asked by the guy that was checking us out how are stay was I sad &quot;horrible&quot; I explained what happened. He asked if I had called and made anybody aware. I told him I had spoken to the supervisor that was working Sunday (9/4/05) night, and she didn't seem to care. He shrugged his shoulders and said &quot;we hope to make your next stay more comfortable&quot;.  There will absolutely NOT be a next time. I should of listened to the reviews and NOT given this &quot;resort&quot; a chance!LISTEN TO THE REVIEWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Sep 8 2005	Poor Accommodations	Please listen to all of the negative reviews. We stayed there with our 12 month old daughter and my parents for 7 days. If my parents had not pre-paid for the whole trip, we would have found other accommodations. The first building, which I think was #14, was set between two abandoned buildings. It was very scary and I would have never felt safe. So, we had our rooms changed immediately to building 7. It was much nicer, but still not worth the money. We had a very long walk to the strip everyday. We did not have trashcans in the bathrooms and the ice machine did not work. We called the front desk to have it repaired and although they said someone was on their way, we never saw anyone. It took them 4 days to bring down trashcans. I would never stay here again. This was through a timeshare and it was the worst resort we have ever seen.	
Aug 23 2005	This place is no where near a resort.......	I can’t believe they have the audacity to call this place a resort. The hotel is very old apartment buildings that look like the projects. The photos that are online are no where near what you get when you arrive. The rooms have a nasty stench to them that can not be covered up, and the furniture looks like they picked it up at a garage sale. For $150.00 a night I expect a lot more than they provided. Don’t be fooled……….. This place is a RIP OFF.	
Aug 3 2005	The Summer Bay Resort are Old LV Apartments!!	Booked this property for a stay between 07/31/05 - 08/02/05. My husband and I were booked at the Venetian and thought this would be a good close location for my mother to stay and be self contained since the only aspect of Vegas she appreciates is the buffet. We also thought this location would serve the purpose of part time baby sitting, sterilizing bottles and storing perishables for our 3 month old who also accompanied us on this trip. Upon check-in we informed the front desk clerk that we were travelling with a young child and requested a renovated room as advised on this website. He stated that he had changed us to a renovated room before handing us key cards to room 363 in like building 5. I don't know what he was thinking but the room was in a horrible unrenovated state and had a rancid odor. We were prepared to move my mother to the Venetian suite with us but my husband noticed that the rooms in the buildings closest to the lobby were in much better conditon than those in the buildings further away. I immediately called the front desk to request a change. I spoke with a supervisor who in my opinion was use to receiving compliants like &quot;the property was not as depicted on the website&quot;, etc and switched us to room 253 in building 2. Room 253 was in much better shape than the previous room but the property overall was still pretty dissappointing and our room remained basically vacant the majority of our stay.Most of the negative reviews I read on this website appear to be somewhat harsh or unreasonable towards the various properties in question. But in the case of the Summer Bay Resort they are quite generous. In a nutshell, this place is for those who primary goal is to travel economically. If you are a discriminating traveller in any sense this is not the property for you! The pictures and reviews are deceiving...BEWARE!! Wish I had taken some photos to prove it. Summer Bay Resort is one of those nickel and dime places that charge for maid services, extra toiletries etc. Definitely not my speed. For those who consider this a savings you should look around there are pretty good deals to much better properties. Although I see the benefit of having a kitchen for those not able to afford to eat out each day, I personally would opt for another facility over this place. Hope this helps someone.	
Aug 1 2005	Do Not Stay in this Hotel!	The pictures are no way close to being real. It's cheaper than a motel. Completely not what I expected. False advertisement, should sue.	
Jul 31 2005	I returned to Summer Bay!	We just returned from a one week (8 days) vaccation in Summer Bay Resort. Last year we stood there 3 days and enjoyed your stay so much that we returned this year again. And again, we were not unsatisfied. Of course, this is not a 4* hotel - this is something you need to have in mind - and this is not a theme strip hotel with a casino and all that. But considering the price and the value that you get its more than just ok. The hotel is about a couple of minutes from the strip. The rooms - we had a one bedroom suite - a clear (enough) and contain what is urgently needed. The pool is always nearby. We first were placed in a completly new renovated suite, but that one only had a queen size bed in the bedroom - which is too small for staying a whole week. So we moved into a bit older room, which still was ok but had a king. The pool in our area was very quite and also equipped with a spa. Both was clean on our first visit, unfortunatly later the week, even that we saw the pool boy cleaning it, the water was not the crital clear as in the beginning. Generally the people doing the outside cleaning can be more attentive: paper and bags were lying around the houses for days, and even that these people are around driving with the golf cars around the whole day, nobody cares about that. This can be definitely improved! Also, this stay we tried to have a picknick at the bbq area - these are always equipped with a table and benches or chairs. But we were disturbed by a few roaches (more than 20) suddenly appearing. The next day even a very big one was lying in front of our door (dead). For the rest of our stay, we did not try that again but we saw the roaches each day in front of our building - a real pitty because it took us the joy sitting and eating outside. And I don't like roaches running over my feet. But anyway - the hotel is ok, we will return to this place, since we like the quitness and the comfort of the rooms: and the price is really good for what you get.	
Jul 17 2005	Great Family hotel	Great location - very quiet, close to all major attractions. This is not an overly busy hotel, so it is very easy to relax - no huge crowds to deal with ! Easy walking distance to all major casinos. We had a 2 bedroom unit in the main building. Great helpful staff - they do whatever they can to help. The hotel has a shuttle service dropping you off and picking you up at predetermined times throughout the city - no charge, but tipping is welcomed.There were 5 of us in our party and all had comfortable beds. Everything in the unitd worked well.Would definitely come to this location again.	
Jul 17 2005	great for families	We stayed at the Summer Bay Resort in June 2005, with 2 other families. Although it was an older room, it was very spacious and for a family of 5 along with 2 other families it was just what we needed. I had called ahead and asked to be in the main building but when we got there there were no rooms available in that building. We wanted to be close to our other family members, which the hotel arranged, and we all had rooms right together and a pool all to ourselves. My kids loved that there was so much room and they didn't have to share beds. The couch was an L shape that could pull out to a bed, but my teenager just wanted to sleep on it the way it was and said that it was very comfy. My daughter who is 7 slept on the other side of the couch, and my other son had the bed in the extra room all to himself. There was a full kitchen, great if you are staying for a week, dining room, 2 full bathrooms, 2 bedrooms, and enough room to have dinner in the room with the other family members that came with us. We ordered in pizza one night which was very good. The pool was just outside our rooms and we could take the kids swimming with no one else being around. Although it is an older hotel, if you are traveling with a lot of people it makes sense to stay here. The monorail is close by so the little ones don't have to walk so far. Forget about the continental breakfast though, it was just pastries from a box and most wof it was gone very quickly. I would stay here again if I were taking my kids along.	
Jun 30 2005	Loved the Summer Bay Resort	Our group of six just returned from Las Vegas (and had an awesome time I might add). Our location at Summer Bay Resort put us within walking distance of the tram and casinos. Our condo was very clean and comfortable. The staff was helpful and the cleaning personnel couldn't have been more pleasant and accommodating. We would definitely return.	
Jun 28 2005	I would stay again; decent location	We (two friends and I) decided to rent a room here over the Memorial Day weekend. Despite the issue of one person in the party having to wait around because she checked in earlier than the person who actually booked the room - even though it was specifically requested and OUTLINED ON MY CONFIRMATION MAILED TO ME BY THE HOTEL that two members of the party (names were listed, mind you) may arrive earlier and it would be fine for them to check in first. After clearing this issue up on the phone (on a plane on my way to Vegas) my friend was finally able to check in.Our unit was just behind the Imperial Palace (about 6-7min walk). Not a bad location at all. We did a nice brunch at Harrauh's one day and was happy. IMO the best brunch by far is at MGM Grand. MGM is a bit far from Summer Bay. A taxi ride should do. I would suggest taking taxi there and work your way back by walking.Lvg rm: Queen size sofa bed, TV, coffee table, adjustable air cooling.Kit: small area w/stove, sink, microwave, small round table that can fit two comfortably. Utensils (forks, plates, etc), toaster oven. Two high chairs at the counter that separated the kitchen from the living rm. BDRM: Queen size bed, TV, safe in closet, ironing brd &amp; iron, two end tables, and dresser. Closet in hall and a door that closed off the living rm from the bedrm &amp; bathrm. Comfortable place. Each unit (outside of the main building) is gated and has a BBQ grill in the yard. We grilled one night and it was great.You must stay 7 days to receive house cleaning; although our beds were made and trash was taken two of the three nights.	
Jun 8 2005	not bad at all for location....	This place may look a little ghetto, but it seemed safe, and the best part was it was right in the heart of strip. Could get to IPalace and Flamingo within 10 minute walk at most! Rooms were a little shabby, but I have had worse.I stayed in the main building row, so I was closer to the strip. Venitian Hotel is close too! It is nice to have a seperate bedroom area and a fridge in the hotel to save $ and time going out to eat. Do not eat the Imperial Palace buffet, it is bad. My rooms avg $100/night on weekend june 2-5.	
May 23 2005	Good for the $$ bad for location.	Our familiy stayed at Summer Bay in a 2-bedroom in May 2005. The facilities were OK for the price, but the location of our unit (at the very end of the property on Winnick at Koval) was scary. When I checked in I requested a renovated unit at the front of the property and was told that all units were already assigned. If you can book into the main building, or close to it, take the risk of staying here. But if not, think twice. We heard a lot of sirens and our kids joked that we were located at the &quot;CSI crime scene.&quot;	
May 23 2005	great location rooms so-so	I recently, (May 05) spent 7 nights at Summerbay in las vegas. easy to find, check in was easy, i looked around the resort and ask for a particular location, they punched a bunch of buttons on the computer and managed to do it.The resort, not really what I think of when the word resort comes up but I guess it does qualify. I think it is and older motel this is where the lobby, main pool and work out center is, I think a 4 story building with jr. 1 bedroom suites, 1 bedroom and 2 bedroom suites, stairs and an elevator, stairs are just a fast.the main building they called the &quot;towers&quot; was clean, the lobby could have belonged to a 5 star hotel. very nice, lots of fancy tile, lots of sitting room, many tv's, a card table, activities room and a friendly staff. access to the main (outside) pool through the lobby. there is a game room with 4 or 5 video games, a work out room with a universal type machine a treadmill, some dumbells and a few other machines, very adaquate for this quality of stay. the pool is curvy shaped, very clean, goes to 6 ft. the hot tub is round seats about 6-10 depending how close you want, but good size and not too hot. towells are plentiful in a platic bin by the pool. the best part is 24 hour pool access.my 1 bedroom Jr suite was clean . full size fridge, small stove with oven small microwave, coffee pot , double sink. bedroom queen size bed, alarm clock radio, 26inch tv,closet with mirrored doors inside an ironing board, iron, mop dust pan broom and a laundry basket. I thinkthe laundry machines are free, located on every level. bedroom was very small.living room had a coffee table, sofa sleeper, leather feel kind of covering, a couple of chairs, not so comfirtable and a dinng table with 4 chairs. 26 in tv with dvd.bathroom was small, hair dryer and plenty of towells and soaps. the bathroom was the low point of the room, it was old and while it was clean it is time to replace fictures.I had a huge patio off of my room, 1st floor about 15 x 15 feet with 2 lounge chairs a table with 4 chairs and an umbrella. it was great to sit out and watch all the traffic and people going to harras, flamingo etc,the rest of the resort, not connected with the towers are stand alone building with maybe 20 rooms each and between every set of buildings there was a pool, I guess there are 30 such buildings, thats how the say we have 12 pools on property. if you stay at some of the building,they all look nice and I hear some have been rennovated insidebut it would be a long walk 1/4 mile to the main, best pool at the lobby,I would stay here again, but I would not pay what I was hearing the receptionist telling some customers, $100 per night is too much for this place. the location is directly 1/2 block behind Harras, which is accoss the street from Ceasers Palace and all the good stuff. the monorail practically sits on top of summer bay, I had read that it is noisy but I could not hear it go by, or over head. the monorail stops right in back of Harras so it is very, no, the most convieniant place to stay if you ride the monrail	
May 17 2005	Adequate - not great	We previously stayed at the Summer Bay Property in Orlando and were somewhat expecting something to that standard and we were disappointed. The place has seen better days. We had new furniture and appliances but it was like putting new seat covers and sound equipment in an old jalopy. The only thing that made it bearable was that we probably were in our apartment for a total of 10 waking hours during our week in Vegas. The good part of the place was price and location. It cost us $249.00 for the week, and the Flamingo and other casinos were out our front door. Would we stay there again?? Probably, but a weak probably.	
May 13 2005	Summer Bay Resort-Good Location Near Strip	5/12/2005- We recently spent a week in Las Vegas at the Summer Bay Resort. This resort is located within easy walking distance to middle of The Strip. The remodeled rooms are comfortable enough with nice furniture and appliances.I reserved two one bedroom units for two people in each room. However, I requested no stairs, for the rooms to be near each other, and a roll away for each room. None of these requests were honored when I got there. I was told by the person at the desk just because I made that requests did not mean that these facilites were available. We were given rooms on the second floor, on opposite sides of the building, and the rollaways never materialized the entire week.My husband and I were interested in information about the RCI Points System, so we attended their timeshare presentation. The reward were tickets to a magic show at the Greek Isles. The tickets and show were not worth the time. The Greek Isles is a very run down place. If you attend the presentation, I would take their option for a show at the Sahara instead. The sales presentation was not high pressure, however.Two things that we did during the week that were really oustanding were going to the show, KA at the MGM. It is pricey, but worth it. Also, we spent a day at the Valley of Fire State Park and the red rocks were just incredible. The park is an easy drive to get to, and worth a visit on your own, or taking a tour if you don't have a car.	
May 10 2005	Great Place To Stay	We have stayed in Las Vegas many times, and this time we used RCI timeshare and stayed at Summer Bay. We had requested a 2 bedroom in the main building, which they kindly granted.The location was excellent. Just behind the Imperial Palace, walking through IP's garage. At the most a 5 min walk off the strip. When we have stayed in hotels on the strip it takes at least a 5 min walk to get to your room from the front entrance!Our room was good. Two large bedrooms, kitchen, one and a half bathrooms, lounge and balcony. The room only got cleaned once during our one week stay, and they did not empty the bins or change the bed linen. This is the only negative thing I can say about Summer Bay.When we return to Las Vegas we will certainly stay at Summer Bay again, however we would request a room in the main building again, as the buildings are quite spread out and you could end up having to walk quite a bit further to the strip. They do have a buggy service available from the rooms to the main reception, and they have a shuttle service to the casinos but we never needed to use these.The location overall is excellent, once you have walked through Imperial Palace's garage, you are slap bang on the centre of the Strip.Would definitely recommend Summer Bay.	
Apr 26 2005	Great Place	We stayed there for 4 nights and had a wonderful time. Had a two bedroom and it was clean, new leather chesterfield , large tv in each bedroom, plus in living room,and well supplied kitchen. Resort hostesses were very pleasant and helpful. Good shuttle service to various casinos and there were many resort activities. Excellent location. Certain areas are under renovations. Summer Bay also has direct access to the Las Vegas Monorail.	
Apr 13 2005	Great time! Great location!!	My family and I stayed at Summer Bay to save money and did not expect the great service we got! From the time we arrived, we had people helping us with our vaction plans and assuring us that our stay would be special.We loved the location. It made it very easy to see&quot;the sites&quot; and I felt comfortable and secure walking to and from this hotel.We would stay here again!	
Apr 13 2005 	The worst ever	By no means should this place be called a resort. Without question the worst &quot;motel&quot; ever. My room (it appears to be a converted housing project) was passable until one morning I lifted the toilet seat cover and found carpenter ants dancing in the bowl. The check-in desk is extremely slow and discourteous. Most units are pretty far from the main building and walking outside is a must. Also, do not leave anything of value in your room unless you place it in the safe. Possessions &quot;walk&quot; here. I attempted to contact the &quot;resort manager&quot;, and he did not return any of my calls. Overall, if I had to describe this place it would be as follows, &quot;a perfect place to film an episode of COPS&quot;. Unless you have no where else to stay, avoid this motel.One more thing. Upon checking out I purchased a USA Today. After walking away I realized that the gift shop was selling yesterday's paper. When I attempted to get my money back for a day old paper I was informed that all sales were final. NO REFUNDS! Par for the course I guess.	
Apr 11 2005	NOT LIKE THE BAD REVIEWS AT ALL..Great Place to say	I was worried about staying at this place because of all the negative reviews, but I am glad I did stay here. I have stayed at a lot of places in Las Vegas and usually a 3 star hotel in Vegas is like a 1 star hotel anywhere else. The rooms were clean and roomy. It was like a 1 bedroom apartment. It even had 2 LEATHER couches, 2 TVs, a fridge, microwave and a stove in the room. I would recommend this place to anyone. It is only one block from the heart of the strip. It is right behind the Flamingo Casino. I only paid $120 a night and I got a bargain for Vegas. Make sure you ask for a renovated room when you book. Won't be disappointed as long as you are not expecting the Bellagio...	
Apr 11 2005	Summer Bay resort AKA the Ghetto Motel	If you are in your room the place is decent enough. We had a room about one block from the main building. Surrounded on both sides by low income housing projects. It did not feel very safe at night but it is a short walk from the monorail station to the main building and they will take you to your door in a golf cart. We had a renovated room but like another review said the floors are uneven and the carpeting was old. But both bathrooms and the kitchen seemed new. We had a two bedroom two bath suite and it has a full size fridge and stove and dishes and pans etc. There is a grocery store a black away. THe door did not have a deadbolt and in that neighborhood it needs them. When we told the cab driver what place we were at (he has been in vegas 40 years and was a cop) he said that place is a DUMP. Used to be a Ramada Inn. The pictures on their website are not of Las Vegas they are of Florida. If they posted pictures of our building and the surrounding area it would look like a dump. All the buildings are painted this pinky orange color so that you can tell their buildings from the housing projects. We had to call THREE times to get pillows and towels and did not find the staff very friendly. You get what you pay for. If the website they have had showed REAL PHOTOS of the Las Vegas property I would not have stayed there. I will try and post some later. There is no water park and the pools are tiny. The biggest one was empty. There are gates to keep the winos out (we saw one peeing on a brick wall) but the gates are not that tall. We were very close to a boarded up falling down old motel called the Flamingo Arms.	
Apr 7 2005	Not a Gold Crown but pretty good	We swapped a 2 bed gold crown resort in Spain to stay here as part of a package that include hotel stays in Frisco and LA to celebrate my big 50,we were with friends who had no experience of timeshare,they thought the place was good and the location was great,staff were friendly and helpful even managed to get us a booking for 8 at the Stratosphere,organised taxi's for us.Yes the place isnt brand new and even our 'refurbished unit' had mis matched furniture, it was good enough for the time we spent in the unit.We had some of our party staying down the road at the Fairfield which is almost brand new but the units were smaller and they felt it was too big and impersonal.I had read some of the negative reviews before we went and was a little worried but was happy enough with what we got.	
Apr 6 2005	Was not like Reviews had said...	My Family and I just stayed at this hotel from March 27 to April 4, 2005. We had a wonderful time, the suite we stayed in was a 2 bedroom, 2 bath suite, we had plenty of hot water you have your own hot water tank so people saying no hot water is hard to believe. We were a family of six and had plenty of room. Had 2 twin beds in one room and a queen in the other with a queen sleeper sofa that was an L-shaped sofa so the kids could sleep there also. Had dishwasher, stove, fridge, microwave and a coffee pot. They brought plenty of towels everyday and I myself was never bothered about investing in a timeshare. We had a pool not heated but at main building just across Ida street was a heated pool and jaccuzi. We thought it was a nice place to stay without all the hussle and bussle of all the people to get back to your room. Nice attendants too, they were very friendly. Have activities in main building for kids and family. I would definately stay here again so dont believe all the negative stuff you read it is probably written by people from other hotels or something because i was not scared or disappointed and the walk to the strip is not far at all, you can also cut through the other buildings on winnick and go up that street and it will take you right to the corner of margaritaville and you dont have to go through the parking lot. Any ways great place to stay!!! Will be back	
Apr 4 2005	perfect place for the budget traveler	I stayed 2 nights in room #458 in building #17. When we checked in I made sure to ask for a renovated room like prior reviews had suggested. The clerk was very helpful explaining the shuttle process and gave us a map of the strip and explained where we were. She said our room was a renovated one so I felt better about our chances of not being disappointed. The buildings did look like melrose place but whats wrong with that. Inside the 2 bedroom/2 bathroom apartment like room we were welcomed by a small kitchen furnished with many ammenities such as a blender, microwave, fridge and dishwasher. The cupboards were full of dishes, pots, and pans. The livingroom had a pleather sleeper couch, matching lounger, and a glass table and comfy chairs. SO FAR SO GOOD!The bedrooms each had tv's and comfortable beds. The closets had plenty of space and included a safe. One of the bathrooms had only shower. But the other had a full tub. If your on a budget and would rather play at a variety of casinos instead of just your own hotel than stay here cause there is no casino. Will stay here again next time in Las Vegas. B+ rating for price and quality	
Mar 30 2005	Just fine for families/groups	Yes, the exterior looks like &quot;70s Southwest apartment complex&quot; or &quot;Melrose Place&quot; and the interior decor and furnishings of our condo was &quot;recently renovated Motel 6&quot;, but for the price, this place was just fine for our group of four adults and a toddler.We had a two-bedroom, two-bathroom condo in Building 5, about halfway down Ida Street (running away from the Strip) from the main building. With the exception of one lightbulb, everything worked fine in the condo, and although the pool in the courtyard of our building was unheated, the big heated pool in the main building was only a couple of minutes' walk away.The staff was friendly and helpful, and there was nothing even remotely scary or seedy about the location or the (few) people on the streets. We could hear very little noise while inside our unit, even though there were a number of large families/groups in our building and, for a while at least, takeoffs from McCarran were going right over the complex.We didn't take advantage of the complimentary shuttle service, but liked having fast pedestrian access to the Strip and the monorail via the Imperial Palace and Harrah's. Those staying on Audrie Street (parallel to the Strip) have just as fast access to the Flamingo and Bally's.The little convenience store and children's activity room in the main building were nice touches, too.We were questioned by staffers several times about our interest in purchasing a timeshare, but when we politely said, &quot;No thanks,&quot; the subject was promptly dropped, with no decline in the friendliness or level of service.I'm guessing that a lot of the negative reviews of this place were written by owners of much nicer timeshare condos, who exchanged their time elsewhere for a week here. But for those of us with low budgets and correspondingly low expectations, the price, location and amenities of this place are just fine. If we return to Vegas in a large group or with children, we would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 28 2005	Not bad for a bachlor party	I spent 2 nights with a few of my friends, I had no real complaints with what we got. But to be perfectly honest...I didn't spend that much time in the room. If you are a traveler on a budget then this is the place to stay. If you are expecting to be treated like royalty then go somewhere else.	
Mar 21 2005	Nicer than Excalibur or MGM rooms 	Went in a large group for a bachelorette party and was worried when I read these reviews. The place was fine. We had a great time. The staff was actually very nice...not rude at all. Front desk was curteous and called taxis for us happily. The rooms were clean. A bit 80's, and totally Melrose Place, but not 'homeless shelter' etc as warned. I don't know what people expect for a room that sleeps 6, March Madness, and only $100 a night. Honestly. Summer Bay isn't trying to compete with the Bellagio, it's meant for budget travel. Reminded me of a Holiday Inn or Motel 6, but more character. The location was central, but it could be a hassle to walk through all of the parking lots to get into Harrahs and the IP. Other than that, no complaints. Had plenty of towels, two bathrooms, and a nice quiet sleep.	
Mar 19 2005	mediocre at best	lets see, where to start. you pay for what you get. first of all, you will notice the space inside the rooms are pretty big. i stayed at a 1 bedroom suite and it has a pretty large interior with a sing, frige, stove, bathroom, living room with pull out coach. Now lets get to the bad parts. HOT WATER from the shower, seems to be a problem at times which is really inconvient. the second night i slept there, water would not come out of the shower head. it was about 9pm and i called for service. some security guy came up to look at it and left to see if he could do something about it. Nothing happend for an hour, so i had to call for service AGAIN... and finally some repair guy came around 11pm to fix the shower head. totally incovenient. oh yea, and scary terry in the front lobby when you first get check in is not very entertaining at all.	
Mar 15 2005	find other place	I just got home and couldn't wait to shower, the room had a weird smell, the floor was uneven. The bed was horriable, it was basically pretty gross.	
Feb 28 2005	Terrible	We stayed at Summer Bay in February 2005 and were disgusted in the facility. We felt as though we were staying in a homeless shelter. When we arrived our room smelled unbearable and was filthy. The &quot;renovated&quot; room had mismatched furniture, broken lamps, a Panosonic cassette player for a stereo system, broken shower knob and ripped screens on the windows. The resort as a whole looks like low income apartment complexes with gated windows. We felt VERY unsafe walking anywhere near the complex, let along staying in our room (the doors don't even have deadbolts). We did notice that the police made frequent stops here. I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy!!	
Feb 12 2005	Good value for the money.	Five of my golfing buddies and myself rented 2 one bedroom units on a short notice time share exchange. It was a little crowded but there were no two bedroom units available when we booked. We stayed in two different areas of the complex. One unit was in the main building where the lobby was located and the other in a separate complex immediately to the east. The unit in the main complex was pretty small whereas the other was a decent size. The complex appears to be old and looks seedy from the outside, but both of our units were clean and appeared to be recently renovated with new carpet, tile fixtures and appliances throughout. There were two TVs with DVD players in the larger unit. There was adequate linens and towels and the place recieved maid service once during our 4 night stay. I can't say too much about resort amenities as we basically used this place to crash. One big advantage was the location just 1/2 block off the strip at the Flamingo and Las Vegas Blvd. intersection.   We found the staff to be helpful and friendly. We noticed that the box spring in one of the units was broken. A word at the front desk resulted in a replacement being installed while we were out. Overall we were pleased with value we got from our exchange. Don't expect the Bellagio. This is basic accommodation. 	
Feb 12 2005	Not a resort but not a nightmare either	I booked through a third party - Club Midwest Worldwide and saw the pictures and was excited. I came to this site and saw reviews and I was scared!!! I have to say I was pleasantly suprised!  We arrived at 1130a and they allowed us to check-in early. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The main building was very nice. Then we were taken to our building (stayed in 912)... it looked like a converted motel. Sort of an even more outdated Melrose place, you know with the courtyard in the middle. However, when we got into our room, it was furnished very nicely and was clean. The housekeeping staff brought us extra towels. I was disappointed though, as on the website they say there is a washer/dryer in the unit - there wasn't.  The monorail was next door, though I didn't hear anything overnight. The location can not be beat. If you walk 5 minutes, you are in the heart of the strip. I did not have any problem walking from the strip back to the room at night. I am a tiny woman. If you are scared to walk back, the &quot;resort&quot;, they offer a shuttle from some of the major casinos until about midnight and they will take you to your door. The monorail lets off about 1/2 block away from the main building, so that's an option. Also they have a trolley that lets off about 1 block away from the main building.  The &quot;resort&quot; also offers a shuttle to the grocery store, so we saved some money from having to eat out every meal. They were very helpful, even though I didn't want to buy a timeshare. I already own in Minnesota. The drivers sometimes took you to your destination if there was no one else on the shuttle.  I stayed February 4 - 11, 2005. I definately would not call this place a resort, even with the renovations. But for the price, I paid 300 (after the suprise taxes) for the week. Which averages out to about 40 a day, the location and some of the amenities (shuttles, etc) it is worth looking into. The next time I travel to Vegas for a week, I will stay there again. I also will have pictures of the room within the next few days, so email me and I'll send them as soon as I can. 	
Feb 9 2005	Summer Bay Resort: It was awful	We stayed here late November '04 because my mom was not going to be able to use her week of her time-share, and would have lost it. If it weren't free, I would have left and found another place to stay. The staff were rude, unfriendly and unhelpful. The resort is a couple of blocks away from the heart of the strip, and believe me, it is the ghetto... I would never have felt safe walking to/from the strip alone at night. The rooms were fairly clean, but nothing special; could probably benefit from updates. There must have been SOME construction going on, though, because there were a couple buildings w/boarded-up windows (?!) The first building we were in, the pool was not in working order. We were also not given the type of room we were promised, and after much arguing w/the staff, we were finally moved. The property is surrounded by a barbed-wire fence. The whole atmosphere of the outside area reminded me of boot camp. Finally, let me reiterate how blatantly rude the staff was... while trying to straighten out &quot;problems,&quot; my mom and I both encountered SEVERAL nasty staff members. 	
Feb 2 2005	Excelent Value 	We stayed in the main building23rd-30thJan.Our room(3rdfloor )Was Very clean the furniture was all new also well equipped with a king size heavenly bed Rm1334. The only thing missing was no pictures .The wife mentioned it to the people they installed 7 top quality pictures the next day.The furniture was all leather couch &amp; 2 easy chairs.The location is perfect .Your room key fits the elevator for acess to the Monorail Station.(we found out by chance It's not mentioned in their advertising).So we used the Mono for 3days .My rental car was parked 30ft under cover from the main entrance all week.It also had a balcony over looking I/Ps carpark(view nohell) They said they were turning it into a 5 StarProperty .They did install 3 televisions in the walls of the large lobby last week.&amp; 2 workman were busy painting the building.I was a bit leary after reading all the negative reviews so was pleasantly supprised.I'm not a time share owner so feel for the low price I paid for the week I got excelent value for my money.When I told the Concierge I wasn't interested in any time share promotion.The literature on Vegas became very scarse.Checkin &amp; out 2am &amp; 6am was right on there was a room tax of$4.14/day that came as a surprise $30.00 over my expected bill. rdmidd@sympatico.ca	
Jan 25 2005	Not the best but OK	I have stayed In the Las Vegas Resort thru 2 property owners. Always stay in the main building because I get a big balcony. For the most part have always been pretty happy there. However, when I have checked into room light bulbs out, screen door lock broken. But, I call and someone is up within 10 minutes to take care of it. The good part is that it's in a central location. Wouldn't purchase there if I had to do it again.I bought my timeshare in Reno but really wanted to use the Vegas property, but since the bankrupcy am stuck using reno as the properties purchased split ownership. If you want a really bad deal Reno is the worst. Maintenance almost up $100.00 this year. Tried to add $30.00 on for Maid Service..do you believe that. Have one big event a year Hot August Nights and Telling me it's totally booked however if I could get in it's $30.00 more a night as it's a Holiday. What holiday? My opinion if you see anything on Celebrity Resorts...keep going the other way.	
Jan 17 2005	Not that bad!	I read all these mixed reviews, so I was a little worried about making a reservation here, but they had rooms at a decent price for New Years, so I did it, and I don't regret it! The place is undergoing renovation, and your experience is going to completely depend on if you get one of the renovated rooms. The main lobby building is quite nice, actually. However, most of the rooms are located in separate buildings - 2-story apartment-type buildings spread out over two blocks. The parking areas in back of these buildings do look sort of shady, but the street side isn't bad at all. I chose to park on the street because it's located right near the Strip, so there's still plenty of traffic around.We had a one-bedroom suite for four of us. There's plenty of room, the bed is decently comfortable, although the sofa bed is not. The kitchen is equipped with most of what you'll need - glasses, utensils, pots and pans.The unit was clean, the furniture was pretty new, and there were two TVs - one each in the living and bedroom. The cable went out the second day we were there and never came back on. When we called the front desk, they said that the cable company was having problems. The units have DVD players, which is nice. The pool in the center courtyard of our building was empty, which is fine since it was winter. But the rain had collected in it, so it looked sort of gross and depressing.Overall, it was clean enough, it was very convenient to the Strip (just walk through the Imperial Palace), and you couldn't beat the price, especially for New Year's Eve. It's not glamorous, it's not luxurious, it's not a resort. Just make sure you request a renovated room when you book and again when you check-in. The staff seem pretty accommodating, if not the most efficient.	
Jan 12 2005 	My Experience was fine	I just returned from staying at the Summer Bay Resort and was pleasantly suprised. I was asked at the last minute to help out in a company booth at the Consumer Electronics Expo (CES) and the company travel coordinator booked this for me, Vegas was sold out. After reading the reviews I was very nervous about staying here. During check-in I asked for one of their nice rooms (they are remodeling the resort) and my room was very nice. It was room 280 and was close to the office. The staff was friendly and I received fresh towels daily. The room did smell a little, like it had once been a smoking room that was now a non-smoking room. It wasn't bad though.	
Jan 8 2005	Do NOT recommend! Very bad- should have listened to reviews!	To start out with- this is the only place I have ever traveled and written the owners and exchange company!! The trip was that bad! We traveled 12/26/04 - 1/2/05 and had a horrible experience. I had read several reviews (I recommend RCI.com- their exchange company) and was disappointed, but we own elsewhere in Vegas and our week was taken- so we had the opportunity to trade with someone else, and we took it. I mean you figure they are selling their units for over $20,000- they have to be nice- maybe not the Four Seasons, but at least nice.1) The first room #431 2 bedroom, 2 bath (in the Fountains) smelled badly, sheets and bedspread were stained! There was a hole in the ceiling that had been patched, but water leaked around it and it was a pretty orange now. The ceremic tile in the kitchen was loose and several pieces were missing. The furniture was old and worn and the table and chairs as well. The A/C window unit was old and rusty! The bathroom had mildew on the shower curtain, tub caulk was missing and mold had taken its place and the floor hadn't been cleaned behind the toilet or between the sink and tub and toilet ever! So you can imagine- we asked to move!!2) The second room had a huge hole in the ceiling, we called the front desk &amp; they said it would be fixed that afternoon. We left and came back 6 hours later &amp; found our entire entranceway (inside!!) flooded and the hole was still in the ceiling (room #255). There was a message on the phone telling us to come to the front office, we were going to have to change rooms again.3) The third room was more of what they show in their timeshare presentation- but it did smell musty and the bathroom was disgraceful! The tub was chipped and rusty. The faucets loose and had mold at the base. This floor also needed cleaning around the toilet, next to the sink and between the tub and toilet. The caulk was only partially missing in the tub- but it too had been replaced with a green/black line. 4) The windows did not lock!! We had to request 3 times for them to deliver a set of locks! The street was poorly lit and not in the nicest area- so anyone walking down the street could have just slid the window open and climbed right in! Worse yet- the staff didn't even care, they did not tell us the windows didn't lock, nor did they even flinch when we told them!5) We saw a member of their staff (not housekeeping) entering rooms- once he was caught unexpected b/c the unit owner saw him and asked why he was entering his room and he just walked off- then he came walking into our room that afternoon and when he saw us sitting there- looked shocked- we asked, &quot;Can we help you?&quot; and he replied, &quot;Didn't know anyone was here!&quot; So we walked to the front desk and informed them of both situations. They said, &quot;other than housekeeping, no one should be entering your room.&quot; That was nice- we felt really safe now!6) Our room was never cleaned- we had to find a member of the housekeeping staff for fresh towels b/c after over 5 calls to the desk, they still never were delivered!Read lots of reviews and BELIEVE them! I didn't and am very sad I gave of my resort at Westgate for this place! We brought my parents out with us as their Christmas present- and I was embarressed! They have never stayed at a timeshare before &amp; we wanted to pamper them-it didn't happen! TRAVELERS BEWARE!!!	
Nov 22 2004	Pleased	We stayed at the Summer Bay Resort 11-19/11-21. I wouldn't reccomend this hotel for families. I would say it more for adults who are looking for a clean room to have as a homebase in Vegas. There were 7 of us and we requested 2 two-bedroom suites in the same building, and we were happily accommodated. This is not by any means a &quot;resort&quot; I don't even know why they have that in the name. BUT we were all very pleased with our rooms. They were very large, clean and well- stocked. All three rooms had 27&quot; TVs and all the appliances were new and great working order. Some builidings are by the monorail - so it can be noisy, but after a night of drinking - I really didn't notice until the mornings. Be prepared - the surroundings are not pretty, but I never felt threatened or unsafe. So do what we did- close the drapes, turn on the lights and rock 'n' roll. A suggestion - call the Summer Bay directly to reserve your room. And make sure to get a room in one of the renovated buildings. AND REMEMBER - YOU ARE ONLY PAYING 76 BUCKS A NIGHT. You can't put the expectations of a 4 star hotel on this price.	
Nov 19 2004	A wonderful vacation	We had our vacation in Las Vegas last September 24, 2004. My husband and I were hesitant to stay in Summerbay Resort because of the negative comments we read in the internet. But to our surprise, we really had a good time staying in the resort for one week. It is very near to the strip and very accessible to the hotels and restaurants we wanted to see. The receptionists were very accommodating to our needs. Although some parts of the resort was still under renovations (during our visit), the room given to us was nice, complete and clean. They also provide free shuttle going to Luxor, Circus Circus and other hotels. We really had a wonderful vacation and we are glad we stayed at Summerbay Resort.	
Nov 9 2004	Horrible Nightmare.....	I traded a week in beautiful Sedona so that my friends and I could experience Las Vegas....they checked in first, to this horrible resort called Summer Bay. The first several nights were awful....Sumo wrestlers above....the front desk called them &quot;transients&quot;, who paid far less than market price for their rooms.My friends were transferred to a second room, laughably called a &quot;suite&quot;, which we four gals were to share. ONE TOWEL in the room that they described as less than a low-income ho9using unit in a New York single-room occupancy housing unit.Horrible smell....Horrible service...Horrible Experience. STAY AWAY from this place...We are all writers, some of us travel writers, and believe me, we will have fun with this experience!	
Nov 5 2004	HORRIBLE	You get what you pay for? Its just a step below that. The prices are low, dont be fooled. Uppon arrival you notice the goverment housing (projects) you will be staying at. Youre lucky if there is hot water coming out of the shower head. The inside looks like it was decorated in the 70's and hasnt been changed yet. Broken chairs, run down matresses, etc... The funny part is that all of that is not the worst part. Their customer relations is horrible. I stayed at the &quot;resort&quot; in Las Vegas and reserved a two bedroom. Uppon arrival, I had no reservations so they downgraded me to a single bedroom. The receptionist told me I would recieve the difference, several weeks after I still had not. After talking to several people, their response was basically &quot;tough F-ing luck buddy&quot;. They took my money and laughed in my face.Dont fall into the trap like I did. Feel free to email if you have any specific questions.	
Oct 18 2004	Pleasantly surprised	Me and a group of girlfriends were all going to Vegas on vacation. We originally found this place on the internet and booked it because the price was so much better than all the places on the strip and we were trying to save a couple bucks. After we made our reservations, we looked at this web site and read all the bad reviews and we were all pretty nervous to go to this hotel. It sounded unsafe, dirty and unaccomadating. It was none of these things.We showed up and they had an overbooking of the 2 bedroom units that we had reserved, but quickly took care of us giving us 2 one bedroooms for each 2 bedroom unit reserved for no additional cost. Then they gave us a choice of which rooms we wanted. All the rooms are in a courtyard with key accessable gates to get in and we all felt extremely safe. The rooms were clean and freshly remodeled. There was a large party in the next room which worried me when I first got there, but once in the room, we could not hear them at all. The kitchen is stocked with all the dishes, etc that you would need and they even give you starter packs of coffee so you don't have to shop that first night you are there. It is an easy walk to the strip. You can follow the street which is about a block or cut through the Imperial Palace, which is what we usually did. The hotel staff took great care of us, having security take us on golf carts to the room. And when we were leaving, the hotel staff made arrangements for a shuttle to the airport to be waiting for us. I would definetely stay here again.	
Oct 14 2004	Perfect place	Reading all the poor reviews for Summer Bay made me EXTREMELY nervous, as I had booked the place for myself and 5 of my girlfriends for my 40th birthday celebration. We arrived around 7:00 PM October 9th and found that the hotel was overbooked for the two, 2 bedroom units we wanted. This was not a mistake the hotel made, it was made by the discount reservation site I used to book our units. The hotel staff offered to put us in four, 1 bedroom units for that evening, and in the morning we could move to the 2 bedroom suites we wanted. We looked at several units, some a bit nicer than the others, but ALL of the units were clean, modern, and well stocked. The resort has been pumping millions of dollars into renovating this older property, and is doing a great job. The beds, furniture and flooring were all new, the units looked as though they had been renovated in the last year. The many towels were fluffy, the shower water pressure strong, the bathroom itself spotless. There was fresh paint and artwork on the walls, the kitchen was fully stocked with new appliances, dinnerware, and cooking utensils. The air conditioning worked perfectly, the door locks flawless, and the windows all had screens. The grounds were attractive and well kept, the pools clean and inviting, and the staff very nice.My friends and I opted to stay in the rooms we were already in instead of switching the morning after our arrival. The resort management had no qualms about letting us stay, even though were were taking up 4 units instead of the 2 we had originally wanted.The location is perfect, directly behind the Imperial Palace, away from the frantic pace of the strip, but only a 5 minute walk directly to the action of the I.P, Ballys, and the Hilton Vacation resort. We frequently walked the neighborhood alone at all ours of the night and early morning, sometimes in groups, sometimes alone. I never felt threatened.My advice would be to call the hotel directly and speak to the front desk when you make your reservation and make it clear that you want to reserve a renovated unit. Summer Bay seems to really want your business and is willing to bend over backwards to make you happy.We checked out in 5 minutes the morning of the 12th, and the hotel made arrangements for a shuttle to the airport for the 6 of us.  The price of this place was EXCELLENT, and I hope to be back next year. Take a chance, I bet you will be pleasantly suprised.	
Sep 28 2004	Nightmare in Vegas	I totally agree with the review under title: &quot;Don't Believe the Photos&quot;, posted on this page. Every single word this person said, is true!! and just in addition...Arriving at the Summer Bay Resort in las Vegas was like living a nightmare.The reception might be the only place that sort of matches de pictures displayed in the web page and by this I mean the facilities and definitely not the personnel. Completely underdressed, rude and totally impolite.The rooms give you the feeling of being trapped in a 50 year old trailer (trust me even the bathroom will give you that feeling-old, rusty and whatever else description matches).The so called &quot;swimming pool&quot; is a sort of an oversized bathtub situated just 3 feet away from the sidewalk, separated by a fence which leads to what must be the loneliest street in Vegas. Regardless to say that I would never walk on that street at night.It was shocking to see how calm the personnel at this resort remains while knowing that they are framing their customers.Regardless to say that we didn't even attempted to unpacked. We returned to the reception, checked out and of course lost the US$800 deposit and we weren't even asked the reason for leaving. Amazing!!!The good reviews on this web page, must have been written by the owners, because I don't believe for one second that somebody can say something nice about this place!!!	
Sep 25 2004	Off The Beaten Path	We too were skeptical after reading some of the Trip Advisor reviews. The resort was quite pleasantand quiet. Set just behind the Imperial Palace and the Flamingo, a retreat close to the Strip, but far enough away for some peace.The grounds were clean, the staff efficient, always there to give you a lift on the golf cart! The room we had was newly remodelled and quite comfortable. Fresh towels, warm hot tubs and cool swimming pools.We had a very positive stay.	
Sep 24 2004	Nightmare at Summer Bay Resort Las Vegas		
Sep 21 2004	Oh What a Pleasant Surprise!		
Sep 21 2004	Stay away!		
Sep 7 2004	Not a "Resort"		
Aug 31 2004	"Smoke and Mirrors" at Summer BAy		
Aug 25 2004	Bad service bad bugs		
Aug 23 2004	Cheapo. Changed owners 100 times		
Aug 22 2004	BUMMER Bay Resort		
Jul 14 2004	Don't Believe the Photos		
Feb 1 2004	large rooms-nothing fancy		
Nov 25 2009 	Excelente		
Jun 14 2009 	excellent		
