Nov 24 2009 	Good for the value I paid. Would stay agan	We won this on skyauction.com auction for CHEAP. The room wa a studio clean, nice..bed was comfortable and is located behind the Encore, so we were able to walk the strip. Kids loved the pool; heated to 85 degrees. This was a quiet condo and neat and clean. We would stay here again.NOT BUSY and those who were staying here were older...	
Nov 23 2009 	Nice but basic	My wife and I stood at the Royal Vacation Suites for a week and really enjoyed its central location and the fact that it was nice and quiet after hours. When we were looking for excitement it is easily found just a short 5-10 minute walk away. Shopping, night-life, and the major casinos are all close by. At one time this must have been a hotel. Currenty the suites are 2 rooms that have been converted into a small suite and can easily sleep 4 people. They have 2 bathrooms, and 2 flat-screen televisions. Our room was nice and clean but this will never be mistaken for a luxury hotel. Staff are very helpful and you will only get maid service once during your say unless you request your towels to be replaced daily.	
Oct 8 2009 	Centrally located liked the fridge and coffee pot.	We bought a week at a condo of our choice and this was available. We aeally liked it. Small, but clean and very good value. Close to the srtip. Not congested. Friendly staff. Nice pool. Easy to get in and out of.Went on day trip to the Grand Canyon and got our trip with Sweet for 1/2 price on the internet. Local buys are full price.	
Oct 2 2009 	Enjoyed	Great location right by the Rivera and the strip bus stop. Convenient to Convention Center and Hilton Convention. Room nice enough and pretty quiet. Woud prefer a bigger balcony with a better view. The pool and hot tub we're very good. 4 Cabanas with mist spray and some with TVs. Staff at front desk was very helpful and bar service was also very good. Drinks and food service at the pool area. Quiet area and convienent to get around.	
Sep 10 2009 	Not so good experience!	My husband and I stayed at the Royal as a result of a &quot;free&quot; trip given after listening to a time-share presentation. We had several problems right from the start. I will list them for you:1) Upon arrival, they were unable to find our reservation. Come to find out, the reservationist had cancelled our reservation without our request to do so. They made us wait for almost an 2 hours before getting it all straightened out. I must say that the front office staff was very helpful while dealing with our dilemma. 2) Once we received our room, there were several things wrong with it. a.The bathroom toilet was not working. b. The sink was leaking and making a weird noise. c. The cover for the decorator pillow was missing. e. The sheets were dirty. d. The television was not working correctly. and e. The phone wasn't working.After notifying the staff that there were several things wrong with the room, they were swift to accomodate us by giving us another room. The two rooms were like night and day. It was almost like they have a room for people who won the trip and those who were paying for it. The differences between the two rooms were amazing. I don't think that I will ever frequent the Royal resort again and I sure would not recommend anyone else to stay there either.	
Sep 5 2009 	Great location and value for money	Quiet lobby with no fruit machines! Friendly and helpful staff. Proximity to gift shops, cigar and liquor stores. Very close to The Strip. Lacks decent enternainment.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great value for your money	I stayed here for two nights to save some cash when the rest of my friends were staying at the Wynn. I was staying here just for a place to sleep, shower, and relax before heading out on the town for the night. The people at the front desk were courteous and helpful. My room was very clean and had everything I needed. I was actually sort of relieved to have a room where the fridge had room for my own purchases, and wasn't crammed with the mini-bar. My only complaint about the room was that my black-out curtain hovered an inch of the ground, reducing the black-out effect.If you're looking for a big in-resort casino or bars packed with people in your hotel, this isn't the place to go. But the location is amazing when you can find it all with a 10-minute walk away at a third of the price of the other places.	
Jan 29 2009 	Studios are nicer!	My boyfriend called about a timeshare for Vegas and they booked us for free the first 2 nights (Dec 27 &amp; 28). I am picky when it comes to hotels and I was surprised with the studio that was booked for us. It was a large room with a microwave, refrigerator, and a flat screen tv, and it is located just off the north end of the strip (close to the Riveria), Wal-greens and Denny's was right across the street. After our two free nights we checked out to drive to San Diego but returned New Years Eve and stayed until Jan 3, 2009. The room I paid for those 3 nights wasn't as nice as the studio but it wasn't terrible either. The room did have a very small refrigerator but no microwave, but I requested one from the front desk and they sent a small microwave to our room. The room had NOT been updated like the studio, wasn't as large and the tv had issues, some channels was hard to hear or it had static. Overall, I would stay here again but in a studio.	
Jan 12 2009 	great location get what you pay for	I stayed here for the CES convention in early Jan. From past experience, it's a nightmare to escape from the LVCC during the day, so very handy to have somewhere 10 mins walk away. The hotel is fairly basic and a bit shabby but my room was clean, had a fridge , microwave, iron and coffee maker. I can never understand why people get so worked up about where they stay in vegas - you are in the room for such a little time anyway.The bar staff are friendly, there's a comedy night fri-sun which you can hear if you're at the bar.all in all, as long as you don't want something fancy, this is a decent hotel with a great location for the convention centre and easy access to the Wynn / treasure island etc. would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 23 2008 	Royal Resort good location	My husband and I stayed at the royal resort in october of 2008 for our honeymoon as we had got the room free from a friend's timeshare and thought we'd give it a try as the price was right. We were actually very reluctant as I had read many of the reviews, some being not so good. Okay here is the low down on royal resort!! We got a room overlooking the street with a balcony so me being a non smoker and my husband being a smoker the balacony was nice. We had one king bed, (and there was also a murphy bed we didn't use) We had a normal size TV, no flatscreen in our room, bath room was on the small side with a tub/shower. Was nice to have a fridge and microwave for use to save some money on eating out. We learned quickly if you do not want to be woken up early in the morning by the maid I would advise you to use the DO NOT DISTURB sign, and when you want your room cleaned use the MAID SERVICE sign or they will be knocking every morning. I really liked the location of the Royal, there is an amazing clothing store across the street, Ross, if planning to buy clothes wait til you get there this store is great and very inexpensive, has everything. My husband and I both got great clothes there. There is also a Walgreens and Mcdonalds close by. Circus Circus is close as well as the riviera and sahara is down a little ways but have a good cheap buffet dinner. We also walked to the Stratosphere and back, from the royal. The other way is Palazzo, Wynn, great shopping mall with great stores and food, liquor store right up the street from the royal. Treasure Island is also walking distance so the location of the Royal was great for us. We really liked the convienence. The Royal did not have a hot tub which was dissapointing and the pool was okay. Has Cabanas that we never used but did hang out in the pool at least 1 night with a couple cold ones :) The worst thing I have to say about the royal was you could practically hear your neighbor F*rt beside you, we had people on each side of us and could hear every cough. If you keep the TV on it kinda drowns out the noise and we didn't really notice til we turned the TV off for sleep. We also booked one night at the MGM Grand Signature and saw cirque de solei KA, that room was AMAZING and coming back to the royal after that was like night and day, but I really thought we'd spend more time in our room but it is Vegas and there is so much to do the Royal was a good place to rest your head at the end of the day. It is no 5 star by far, but we were comftorable there and the location is great! If going for your honeymoon or something special with your significant other splurge for at least one night to a 5 star like the Signature at the MGM, (get airport view) and have fun!! VEGAS BABY!!	
Oct 17 2008 	Try the Royal	I guess it depends on what you want. My two requirements were cheap and near the convention center. I was pleasantly surprised. It is only about 2 blocks from the cc and less than a block from the 'old' part of the strip.The room is large, has a refrigerator and a microware ( and a large screen TV). The restaurant is decent and there are a couple of show in the lobby (didn't go to them, so I cannot comment). It has a king size bed and a Murphy bed.The bathroom is small, especially taking a shower, but not a major problem.Can't comment on the pool - haven't been to it. The staff has been mostly helpful. There is a bar in the lobby, but again, I haven't been to it, so I cannot comment.If you want something off the strip, but close, that is comfortable and fairly cheap, this is the place for you.Highly recommend it if you are going to a convention....	
Jul 2 2008 	Very Very Nice!!!	My GF and I stood here on the weekend of April 17, 18, 19 of 08'. I must say that this place was really nice and its a steal for the price($70/nt studio). I got a &quot;studio&quot; room which turned out to be the size of a regular room. I'm guessing if this is the studio then the regular rooms must be nicer. It is located next to the Wynn and the Shopping mall. If your into walking the strip this is perfect. Its right in the middle of the Entire strip and gives you option to go south or north. Everything was clean and looked very nice. The room comes with small refrigerator, safe, iron, and a spare bed in some TV stand looking thing. Bonus: There was a 42&quot; Flat panel LCD TV in our room and it was awesome. You can sit right on your bed and watch this nice TV while your waiting for your woman to finish getting ready. Also, about a block way(or less) there is a liquor store, asian restaurants, Denny's, Ross dress for less, and a Rite Aid. This saves you alot of money and provides lots of options for small emergencies such as forgotten clothing item(swim trunks, purse, etc.), shampoo, gel, beer run. They have a phone in the lobby where you can call for taxi's and a small italian restaurant with decent prices in the hotel. When I go back to vegas this is the place I will look into getting a room from now on. The only downside is the pool is small, about backyard size but adequate to just chill for a couple hours. So if your a pool person this may change you mind. Besides that this is one of the best hotels I've stayed for the price and amenities and location.	
Jun 4 2008 	It was good	We booked this hotel through Expedia, but after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, I was not expecting much. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms were large, there was a plasma tv, fridge and microwave in our room. The rooms were cleaned every day and there is a washing machine and dryer available if you need to do laundry. The hotel was a 2 minute walk to the strip and the bus stop for the Deuce. Overall, we would stay there again - as it was quite cheap compared to other hotels on the strip.	
Apr 12 2008	Quiet break to a busy place	Located on the North Strip, the Royal provides a break from the busy streets of casinos in Sin City. We stayed two nights at the Royal and were full delighted by the lady, Ella who checked us in. Her calmness really helped cool us down after long walk from our hotel transfer in the South Strip. The rooms were huge, and a pull out bed which was king size.Location was central of the South Strip, a short 2 minute walk to the strip with a bus stop to take the Deuce bus. Riviera and Circus Circus are just 5 minutes away and there are many shops that sell good stuff at low rates compared to further south. Many restaurants are available on the next building, selling Chinese, Korean, Japanese and Mexican cuisine. There is also a 7-11 and Ross across the street.A really decent place to stay unless you're looking to be in the middle of the gambling biz!	
Mar 15 2008 	not too clean	This hotel was a timeshare exchange. We were very unimpressed. The lobby was neat and clean and front desk staff friendly. However, once we entered our room, we could notbelieve how out-dated and dirty it appeared. The carpet had stains and bathroom moldy. Also our air-conditioner didn't work until the last day. We called and reported the problem and said they &quot;fixed&quot; it, but that was not the case. They need to remodel this hotel, but for the price I guess we got what we paid for. We would never stay here again.	
Mar 13 2008 	Pool is closed!! They don't advertise that.	We booked a 2 room suite which was nice and updated. 2 bathrooms and 2 TV's were convenient. We were very disappointed to find out after we checked in that the pool was closed. One of the reasons we booked the property was that the picture of the pool looked so good and considering it is warm in Las Vegas, we were looking forward to lounging around the pool. When I asked about it at the front desk, the clerk just nodded her head and acknowledged that, yes, it was closed. They are supposedly building a spa but we didn't see any work being done and the gate to the pool was locked. Very disappointing. The resort should include that in their advertising.	
Mar 2 2008 	Works for Us	Our Stay Feb 22 to Feb 29,2008Overall : The front desk,staff and housekeeping were very friendly, helpful and accommodating. It's always a plesant experiance to see smiling faces from the employees. They all seemed interested that we were satisfied with our stay. In general, the previous positive reviews seem to be inline with our observations. There are a some issues I will address later.The Hotel: Yes , It is a little dated but you can not compare it to the strip mega hotels. It's clean and fresh as it could be with a great lobby. There is plenty of parking. The internet sites rate this hotel rate it as a three star which seems to be a fair rating. Being 1/2 block from the strip and exercise walking distance to a lot of the hotels is a plus. The older reviews on this site appear to be contrary to some of the above. It looks like management has made the necessary corrections. Accomadations: The rooms are a standard size hotel/motel type area. Nothing fancy but certainly pleasant.. We did find the wall plasma TV, the apartment size frig and the microwave an extra, We don't eat out a lot, so this came in handy for in-room meals.Concerns; Noise- Some reviewers rated the noise factor as quite. This could be relaive to your neighbor quests. You can hear people talking in the hallway - inconsiderate slaming of doors. You may take part in the audio portion of the honeymoon couple in the room next to you. The walls are not very sound proof. This issue was minor for us but you should be aware of what could happen.Smoking: The hotel rooms are non-smoking but this does not apply to the outside room balcony. It was our luck to have a smoking couple next to us. Even with the sliding glass door closed, the smoke would filter into our room. It was only for one night so we survived our one week stay.In spite of the minor issues above, we would go back to this hotel again. The value and location make it all worth the stay.	
Jan 30 2008 	Royal Resort Is A Little Shabby Not Too Clean	I stayed at the Royal Resort in Las Vegas January 11-18, 2008. Upon driving into the parking lot I noticed the building in general looked a bit tired and in need of a little love. The lobby was the best part of the hotel as the rooms and halls were at the very least shabby and seemed a bit run down. I stayed on the 5th floor facing the Wynn Casino. Upon entering my room the little room fridge door was open and the fridge was not cleaned out. The lock on the sliding glass door to the outer balcony/ledge was broken, and my supposedly non-smoking room smelled of smoke. I spoke to the front desk and they moved me to the non-smoking room next door. It too smelled of smoke and there were cigarette burns on the countertop. Overall the room just seemed a bit dirty like the cleaning staff just does the bare minimum to make the room ready for the next guest. I did not want to touch the beadspread, or walk barefoot on the carpet. The couch in my room was made of a velvet material and was also dirty. I asked for an extra sheet from houskeeping to cover the couch with before I would sit on it. My mattress was worn and I could feel the springs poking up in certain spots. The bathrooms were adequate, but small. The shower had a previous guest's hair stuck on the shower wall and wasn't very clean. I am a person who doesn't need perfection, but I do like things somewhat on the clean side to feel comfy. This hotel did not feel very comfy because I really didn't want to touch anything in my room because it seemed dirty. While the location was good, I probably would not stay here again.	
Jan 9 2008 	Decent Rate Decent room	This was a trip to see the New Frontier implosion. It seemed to me that room rates were discustingly high for my taste $200-$600 was way over my budget I happend onto the Royal resort through another website it was dirt cheap more to my budget. I went to check in, the front desk was alittle on the rude side but very efficiant. To my suprise my room overlooked the new frontier I was more then excited now I wasn't going to have to leave my room and try and find a space at 2 o'clock in the morning. somethings were that the halls and the room were sprayed with something nauseatingly sweet due to the paint and stale smell, the room scent disapated due to there being a too small balcony. I thought that the front desk was nicer to the co-workers then they were to the guests but I talked to the front desk twice so that made no difference to me. The hotel was close to a convienence store, a walgreens and other stores...	
Aug 27 2007 	Decent experience	Stayed here during Nascar weekend so it was one of the cheapest we could find. Staff was very friendly, more friendly than alot of other places we've stayed at.The rooms were pretty comfortable, the beds were okay, but VERY COMFY PILLOWS! That was a plus. There was alot of dust in the unit the tv was in. Bathroom was ok, not the best shower head. The a/c didn't work well, it seemed like it blew more warm air than cool. It does have a small refrigerator.None of the soda machines or ice machines were working. Each floor we went to there was an &quot;out of order&quot; sign. The only vending machine was on the very top floor and it wasn't working either. Hotel staff told us to walk across the street to Walgreens. There is no casino so the place is fairly quiet, not alot of traffic. The elevators were pretty fast. We didn't eat at the restaurant or use the pool but the temperature of the pool was on the gate and it did look appealing. Not a huge parking lot and no security but we never really felt unsafe. Stayed on the 6th floor and left our balcony door open each night. Our room was on the backside of hotel.There was some noise each evening from construction being done at the Wynn, which is right across the back of the hotel. The Stardust was also being imploded and you could see it from the hotel. No complaints about seeing something like that, though, it was pretty cool. Other than the construction there wasn't a whole lot of noise. The streets were pretty quiet for it being Vegas, but it is really just a couple blocks from the strip.	
Aug 14 2007 	Quiet and convenient	The Royal Resort was a great base from which to explore the Las VegasStrip. It is located a quick 1-2 minute walk from the strip, near thenorth end (just South of the Riviera). We found we could easily walk to most places. It took us less than ten minutes to get to the Wynn or the Fashion Show Mall, for example. There is also a Deuce busstop close by, but the nearest monorail stop is a fair distance. The hotel itself is pretty basic, but the rooms were clean and quiet.The staff was very friendly and we never had to wait to get service at the front desk (checking in and out was a breeze!). We booked through a timeshare, so I'm not sure what the nightly rates are like.I would guess you can find cheaper places, but if you want something small and quiet, it might be worth a few extra bucks to stay here. The pool is small, but we never found it to be busy. The cabanas are free to use.There are numerous restaurants nearby. We were on a pretty tight budget, so we made good use of the food court in the Riviera and the MacDonalds across the street. There is also a 24 hour Walgreens right across the street, which was great for snacks and anything else we needed.Overall, this is a great alternative to the larger hotels. There's no casino, meaning you can just walk into the hotel and up to your room (no navigating the crowds). It isn't fancy, but it defnitely suited our needs. We had a great time!	
Jul 19 2007 	Very Pleased	We really liked our stay at Royal Resort in Vegas. The lobby was newly updated, it is a very quite place. No casino but who needs it when they are everywhere in Vegas. I was pleasantly surprised by the place I have read the other reviews here and it was a mix of both good and bad but we really enjoyed our stay. We did not smell anything in the hallways and our room had a nice deck off of it. We were on the second floor but the other floors decks are very small. It was nice to get away from all the excitment of vegas and go to our room and relax. The room was the typical size of a hotel room the bathroom a little small but was big enough to do what you needed to do. Had almost a full size fridge w/freezer, had a microwave and a table and two chairs on the deck. The pool is nothing fancy but it wasn't busy either so it was nice to be able to actually swim. My husband loved the Cosmo resturant's tuna melt said &quot; It was the best he ever had&quot;. I had breakfast there and it was pretty good and the price was not bad either. We really enjoyed our week long stay at the Royal. It is only 1/2 to 1 block from the strip and across the street was Wallgreens which was very nice to have since it ended up being 117 degrees! The staff was friendly, the maids were very accomadating with our sleep schedule. We didn't have anyone asking us to tour or buy a timshare. I loved the location and would defiently come back here again.	
Jul 9 2007	Open door slowly....	We decided to do a last minute Vegas trip on 7/7/7 where everyone are in vegas to get marry or gamble! Anyways, we booked our room thru my friend's timeshare since this trip was not plan and everything was so expensive during the holiday.I've stayed at Royal Resort 2 other times (Jan 2005 &amp; June 2005) without problems. If you're not too fuzzy &amp; just staying one night or two in Vegas this hotel is not too shabby. It is about five min walk to Wynn and there is a Walgreens acrossthe street if u need anything.however, this time when I was given the keycard to my roomI realized the previous guests had NOT checked out yet! Stuffs were all over the bathroom and their luggages on the floor. It was a good thingthose guests was not in the room or else it would had been pretty embarrassing. As we were on our way back to the elevator, a maid asked us if we found our room OK. When we told her what happened, she was 1/2 laughing and said, &quot;don't worry, this is NOT the 1st time this has happened!&quot; o boy! Anyways, the guy at the reception apologized and gave us another room right away. He did called security to check on that previous room to make sure eveything is OK. so just a word of pre-caution, go into your room slowly to make sure no one is in there!!	
Apr 26 2007 	Not so impressed	Okay, this place is good if you just want a cheap place to lay your head for the night, but dont plan on enjoying yourself too much while you are here. First of all, I would like to say that their restraunt there sucks. It is expensive (especially for the amount and QUALITY that you get) and they are super stingey! I went down the night after we had eaten there to ask for a spoon (yes, a plain old PLASTIC spoon) to eat leftovers from another place with, and they told me that it was 50 cents...that is balogna as fas as i am concerned! I didnt have 50 cents with me, and decided it was not worth it to come back down and especially with the way they treated me like i was less because i was a woman or something. anywase, that is the restraunt, and other than that, the place is just pretty lame. we had to ask for another room, because in the bathroom, the bathtub plug (the WHOLE metal piece) was just hanging there, and looked very dangerous, especially since we had 2 babies that needed baths. i was NOT going to let my babies in that bath! It definately needs refurbishing too...way oldschool! and not in a good way! they had flatscreen tv's but let me tell you, the picture in both our first and second room was terrible...they just bought those so they could sound like they are up with the times, but they bought them straight from who knows where that doesnt know how to make tv's. okay, so that is about all i am going to say...just stay somewhere else is what i suggest. they are a wanna be nice place....but they need a lot of work before they will ever be a nice place, in a physical way, and a customer service way.	
Apr 22 2007 	Good location but bring a torch	If you're visitng the Las Vegas Convention Center, this is in a good location - it's 5 minutes to walk to the venue while in the other direction you're only seconds from the strip with some reasonable casinos and shops around.This hotel's location is a good compromise for LVCC visitors, and you can walk to just about anything, or get the monorail.The lobby was nice and marbled, check-in was fast as were the elevators which eerily always seemed to be ready and waiting no matter what floor you're on.When you get out of the elevator, though, things take a turn for the worse. The carpet looks worn and shabby with industrial lighting in the corridors.The room was OK as far as furnishings go, but it was oh so dark. They're using energy saving lamps throughout which is fine, but they seem to be about 5W in power so at night or early in the morning before the sun's up it's just so gloomy. In the bathroom there's one lamp by the basin, making the shower in almost darkness at any time of day.The room has a small balcony about the depth of a pack of poker cards, but it was nice to open the doors and watch the construction workers hard at it on the new hotel they're building at the back.Parking is plentiful and I believe there's a pool at the rear, but the weather wasn't up to the job during this trip.It seemed a number of airline staff stay at this hotel, so it's probably quite good value. Either that, or they like the fact that the lights are already dimmed for take-off.Vegas seems to have become expensive for hotels in general, so the Royal Resort is a fair price for the convenience but unless you're visiting the Convention Center, there are probably better deals to be had just off the strip.	
Apr 11 2007 	Better Than Downtown If You're On a Budget	Royal Resort is similar to a Holiday Inn Express or Best Western or other generic hotel you'd find in your own hometown. It doesn't have a theme, or a casino, or any of the glitz and glamour that tourists want to see when they visit Vegas. But if you've been to Vegas as many times as I have, and all you care about is whether the hotel is safe, clean, and affordable, then this may be a good option. The hotel promises a bit more than it delivers. It's not a &quot;Resort,&quot; just a hotel. It's not located &quot;in the heart of the famous Las Vegas strip, next to Wynn,&quot; but is a block or two off the strip and it took us about fifteen minutes to walk to the Wynn. The &quot;studio suite&quot; we rented was a regular hotel room with one king bed and one queen Murphy bed. Have you ever heard of a hotel room with a Murphy bed?! That was a shocker but was actually quite comfortable. When we checked in, the desk clerk said, “Your room has a balcony!” as if we should be excited, but we realized later that every room has one. Pluses: Room rate was only $99 during the week and $149 on Fri/Sat, this during March Madness when other hotels were crazy expensive. Room was very clean with coffeemaker, microwave, and refrigerator. Modern decor including flat screen tv (although our friend's room was furnished differently from ours). No wait to check in, no long walk to get to our room, no getting lost in a giant parking garage, and no having to walk through a smoke-filled casino to get to the hotel. 24-hour Walgreens right across the street. Very quiet, no noise from the hallways or other guests. The guests we encountered in the lobby or hallways were either airline employees or well-behaved adults. No partying or little kids running around.Minuses: Seemed like most cab drivers had never heard of Royal Resort and we had to tell them how to get there. There aren't any cabs waiting outside like you'd find at the big casinos, just a courtesy phone in the lobby that you can use to call yourself a ride. Then it takes forever for one to show up, probably because they can't find the hotel! Room felt a little warm at times and thermostat was locked so that we couldn’t set it any lower. Balcony so small that you couldn’t fit a chair out there – standing room only. The closest strip casinos are Riviera, Circus Circus, New Frontier, and Wynn. Yuck, Yuck, Yuck, and too expensive. I wouldn't recommend this location for a first-time visitor to Vegas, too far from center strip and a little bit seedy.Finally, based on other reviews I should add that we didn’t notice a bad smell anyplace in the hotel and nobody bothered us about buying a timeshare. I will add photos to this review as soon as I can.	
Apr 9 2007 	Good location good price	We just returned from the Royal resort and had a great time. From views to staff to location, everything was great. I do agree with a previous reviewer that there was a horrible smell in the halls mid afternoon, but whatever it was did not reach the rooms... Staff was very helpful and friendly..Cosmos has great food and prices, but the jazz music in the morning is way too loud, and staff are not permitted to turn down.	
Mar 5 2007 	Just Okay	Very nice lobby in the hotel. Close to strip..definitely can walk..only like a block. One problem upon check-in was that we paid through Travelocity and they made an error and were going to bill us again directly (it was pre-paid)..so that would not have been correct. Although they corrected the error, they were very apologetic or very friendly at the desk for causing the inconvenience. The decor is dated, but all in all for the price the hotel if fine. We stayed in the Ambassador Suite. It was nice because it gave us two bathrooms and a separate living and bed room. It was pretty well kept clean. We stayed here two nights and then the Excalibur one day (due to weekend rates the Royal Resort was cheaper for Friday and Saturday). There is no comparison though to that end of the strip and the Excalibur end of the strip. Do yourself a favor and pay the extra few,several bucks a night. The Excalibur is close in price and waaaay better and nicer to stay at. There was nothing wrong with the Royal Resort, though I felt the price was a bit high for the accomodations and room decor. One other thing - the fitness room that is advertised would be nice with the exception of only having two treadmills that are both broken.	
Jan 8 2007 	Great Place 	We stayed at the Royal Resort for New Years Eve and had fabulous views of the Fireworks at Circus Circus and Stratosphere. The staff were polite and friendly. Cosmo's had great breakfasts and lunch, courtious staff. The room we had was large, clean and the housekeeping service was good. Bed was comfortable and lots of room. The place is located right of th strip near the Riveria but within walking distance to just about everything and across the street from a 24 hour Walgreens and next to a Nail and Salon Day Spa which gives the best pedicures ever. We enjoyed our stay and will return next year for another great stay.	
Nov 6 2006	Excellent choice	The Royal Resort is an excellent hotel in Las Vegas. I particularily enjoyed the lack of a casino which means you enter the doors and the front desk is a few feet away! The lobby is non-smoking - another huge plus in my view. Our room had a very comfortable king size bed and a queen size murphy bed. There was a small balcony. We made use of our fridge, microwave and coffee maker. Just across the street is a Walgrens, next door is a liquor store, the Strip is half a block and a block away is the Riveria. Everything you need is close by. The hotel staff was so friendly. Airline staff stay at this hotel so you know it is going to be great. I would highly recommend this hotel.The bonus of this hotel is the superb restaurant - Cosmo's - which is off the lobby. I loved their breakfast as well as their wonderful dinners. Although Denny's is just around the corner you can purchase a breakfast special at Cosmos for the same money. Bravo!'I will certainly stay here again.	
May 17 2006	Smelly	Every time I walked on the fifth floor of the building I smelled this odor that smelled like it was coming from a sewer. I am glad I was either out of the building most of the time or tipsy to not become to sick over the smell. The pool had cabanas and mist sprayers that were nice, but my friends had a bad experience at the pool. A man near the pool was touching himself and it made us very alarmed. Glad the radio worked since we left ours at home. Liked the location since it is close to Ross, Wallgreens, and Denny's (which is great for those long nights when you need some food after a lot of drinking).	
Mar 27 2006	Good Experience	We stayed at the Royal Resort 3/17/06 to 3/24/06. I have read reviews about an odor coming from somewhere, but everything smelled fine to us! The room was spacious and very clean. The staff was more than helpful and made us feel like family. Cosmo's Restaurant serves a delicious breakfast which we had every morning, but were gone all day so didn't eat other meals there. The location is good. Construction hasn't started yet on the new buildings, but I heard all the investors have sent back the papers so it should start soon. The Stardust across the street is going to have a $5 Billion renovation next year, so that will only increase the value of the property. We'll be back in the Fall.	
Feb 24 2006	The Royal Time Share Rip Off	The Royal is a good hotel for the price...but watch out for the time share people. They are great at offering the world, but losy at coming through. They are not ethical. I would not trust anything they say. Yes, we did the time share thing and yes we were offered a &quot;steal&quot;. The only steal would be if you sign on the line for the &quot;RESORT&quot; that ha s been promised to be built for the last 2 years. I really do not think it will ever be built. Incidentally, the hotel was empty even on the weekends except for the &quot;time share hawks&quot;.	
May 16 2005	Very accomodating - would go back	I was in Vegas for a wedding over the weekend and all of the guests booked rooms at the Royal Resort. We received a great value on our rooms. Booked a $169 room for $49 a night (it was $49 on Fri &amp; Sat nights also). I do not feel that the hotel misled us in any way (as some of the other reviews suggested). The Royal Resort is very nicely decorated/furnished. The hotel interior is updated and classy and the entire property was spotless. The king suite was spacious, comfortable, elegantly decorated and everything in the room was new. The pool is larger than average and the staff allowed us to stay in the pool area &quot;after hours&quot; to finish watching the baseball game on the TV in the cabana. I worked in the hotel industry for seven years at a four-star hotel and I would rate this property very high in cleanliness, interior decor and friendly staff. Every hotel employee that we came in contact with (from maintenance staff to maids) sincerely asked how our stay was going and wished us a good day. Indeed there was a somewhat surprising smell when we stepped off the elevator on our floor. The smell lingered in the hallway - but the rooms did not have an odor to them. The smell in the hallways seemed to be contained to the elevator area mostly and we didn't make a habit of hanging out in the hallways so it didn't affect our stay. Riviera and Stardust Casinos are across the street. There is also a 24-hour Walgreens across the street. Denny's and McDonalds are within a block. The monorail is within walking distance. Conveniently located!	
Apr 8 2005 	Phantom tower?????	we were staying at harrah's during the week but due to a Big Fight in town that week, we were not able to get the same room for the weekend. a 'friend' who owned a timeshare at royal got us a free room for 2 nights, we just needed to listen to a talk. well, here it goes...i mentioned at harrah's that i wanted to buy show tickets but we were staying at royal hotel, she rolled her eyes, clue #1. we pulled up in the cab, a feeling of 1950's motel came to mind, clue #2. we went inside to a very nice elegant hotel lobby. right in the middle is this glassed in model of a hotel tower, clue #3 (70 stories). i looked around, beautiful front desk, nobody around, lobby store with old man working and signs saying 50% with old shelves, clue #4. Restaurant with no customers in it at 4pm, clue #5. we signed up for a talk that afternoon. we went up to our room, very chilly and smelled like orange cleaner, clue #6. we thought, how nice they were cleaning diligently....only vacuumed around edges of bed, very dirty underneath and behind. we went to the timeshare sales pitch, very nice older man, former school teacher. he asked us if there was any smell left in our room??? hmmmm back to clue #6. we told him we were not interested but i wanted to see where this tower was going to be built and when, he walked us to the window, said the pool would be closed in 2 weeks and that construction would begin on the tower. i asked him where the equipment was for the contruction, he pointed to a pickup truck and a small pile of dirt and said, yep they're getting started, clue #7 (i'm an engineer, there was no tower getting started in 2 weeks). he passed us on to a youngish mafia type man in a french shiny suit with slicked back hair for higher pressure. finally, we were passed to the older mafia father for the final pressure. luckily we resisted! we went out that night and returned at 10p, very few lights in any rooms, clue #8. very cold in the room still. my husband turned off the air. after 10 minutes, he turned and asked if i had 'passed gas', i in turn said it must have been him that did it. clue #9, the smell had returned once the air was turned off, very very bad sewer smell- we had to turn the air back on to sleep. the next morning we went down to the lobby and i noticed a large poster on an easel touting the MaMa Mia Dinner Show at the hotel. Clue #10. i asked at the front desk (right next to the easel) how to get tickets for the show. the clerks looked at each other and said they knew nothing about it and told me to ask the man dressed as 'don juan' nearby. clue #11 i asked him and he said it was 'temporarily postponed' while they are doing a major marketing campaign for the new tower. hmmmm. i asked when it would run again and he said in 2 weeks, common theme.... when we got back to our own home, the friend asked us how the tower was coming along, she had purchased a timeshare about a year earlier and was told the tower construction would start in.......you guessed it.....2 weeks. run, don't walk away from this deal....	
Apr 3 2005	What is that smell?	April 1st 2005, Forced to stay here for lack of options (Friday night &amp; no rooms available elsewhere). Paid $150 for the one night as opposed to the usual $35. Got to the 6th floor hallway and the smell immediatly transported me back to my childhood when my father would leave the door open to the bathroom after &quot;reading&quot; for an hour. The topper was returning home and finding an additional $25 fee for something charged to my account. The only upside to my trip to Vegas was the Mariners beat the Cubs 5-4. Good thing I didn't stay for the second game or there would be no upside.	
Mar 19 2005	Under rated	This, I found, is a very nice place with good rates. It was quiet, clean and seemed to be recently remodled. Short walk to the Stardust, Westward Ho, Circus-Circus and Frontier. Pool was very nice and quiet. Self parking is handy. A nice touch is the fact the patio doors in the rooms open up and you can stand outside and look over the rail. Not really a balcony, but close enough for Vegas.	
Mar 1 2005	When I didn't buy their timeshare they threatened to call the cops!	Me and a friend were staying at a nearby hotel. While walking along the strip, we were stopped and promised hundreds of dollars in slot machine playing money if we would only sit through a time-share sales pitch for The Royal Resort. We were promised, 'If you don't want to buy, just tell them &quot;No thank you&quot; and you 'll receive your playing money.' We thought it would be interesting to sit through... perhaps learn aboug the Vegas development. We were told that only females could buy into their hotel. My friend qualified. I accompanied her through the process. At the end of the pitch, we repeatedly said &quot;No thank you.&quot; The management didn't like this. He approached me about my own qualifications and income level. (I was a student.) This was not relevant, and I told him so. He told me I fraudulently misrepresented myself. I made no representations whatsoever; this pitch wasn't even meant for me. When I got upset, they called security and threatened to call the police. Instead of getting hundreds of dollars in slot machine playing money, we got cupons for a buffet. At least the security guard was friendly: he told us that this happens about once per week. Don't go near this hotel.	
Sep 14 2004	Don't get out much...	Anyone who thinks this is a nice hotel,apparently doesn't get out much.This place has been a dump for years.Casino!They had one once years ago but lost their gaming license..Good prices can always be had at &quot;NICE&quot; strip hotels.Look for them...	
Sep 10 2004	I enjoyed my stay	I stayed here in July and was pleasantly surprised. I had never heard of the place but my girlfriend and I were in a tight spot - rooms were scarce and overpriced. Royal Resort was affordable and we dont spent too much time in the room since we're 23. We didnt mind that the casino wasn't open. The room was very very nice. That's a big bonus when I'm headed to Vegas looking for bargain hotels.	
May 5 2004	Pleasantly surprised	Recent reviews led to me doubting my recent hotel choice, but was pleasantly surprised by what turned out to be a good 50 buck a night choice. Having stayed in Vegas over 15 times in the past, I've sampled both good and bad. The Royal was very good. Stylish, clean, well appointed, comfortable room (presumably recently refurbished), friendly, helpful staff. The pool area is very pleasant, with constant exposure to the sun, though there is slight building noise emanating from adjacent apartment development. Talking of which, the Royal is clearly it's sales base, though it's completely unobtrusive. So, if want you are looking for is a good, clean, no frills hotel, the Royal is a great choice.	
Apr 10 2004 	Comdex 2002	Stayed at this hotel while attending the Comdex 2002. The exhibition centre is a stone-throw away and in walking-distance. Quite pleasant to take little walk in the morning. The rooms are nice, and the queen-size beds were well-kept. The batroom was adequate. The tub was quite small (american standard??). The hot-water was barely body-temperature, and I found it quite annoying not to be able to have a really hot shower in a week... The AC worked very well, almost to well. Although spending a few hours in all with the AC-control panel, the AC still made the room very cold at nights. Maybe it's an american thing. Me being european would have a appreciated a more sedate temperature. The hotel itself has a small casiono (it's really a row with slotmachines only), so the noise-level is quite comfortable. Also there is a small bar and a small giftshop. The hotel has an ATM in a corner, which was very practical. The staff were ok. I appreciate the help of the staff at the desk when I and my wife had some problems booking a Grand Canyon-tour, since none of us are native english-speakers, and american-english tends to be not as brittish-english... The food needs to be mentioned specially when travelling in the US, and you're an european. The meals are BIG and fatty. After having breakfast at the Peppermill across the street from the hotel, we usually didn't have anything else for the rest of the day. It was so big and filling... Also, since the food is very fatty, sensitive persons may display digestive-problems... When we left the hotel at the end of the Comdex, they began refurnishing the lobby. There may be more slotmachies and stuff. Overall the hotell was average.	
Feb 5 2004	Nice quiet inexpensive	I go to Las Vegas every year for a conference and I've stayed at the Royal for the past 8 years. I've found the staff extremely friendly and helpful. It's a very small hotel.. just off the strip and close to the convention center. If you want the MGM go there. If you want a nice, quiet inexpensive hotel the Royal is the place.	
Feb 3 2004	Pleasantly Surprised	Well. My friend and I had read some bad reviews and were a bit nervous. But our wonderful experience started with a friendly staff. We had driven all night and they allowed us to check in several hours early. They were so kind. The lobby is gorgeous. Recently remodeled. My favorite part: no casino. It was nice to get away from the noise. Our room was beautiful. New carpet, bedding, furniture, tile, everything. They have done an excellent job updating the property. We at breakfast at Table Tops and it was yummy. Not so crazy expensive either. Perfect location!!! We will make this a yearly trip with this property.	
Nov 7 2003	you know it's a scam if you don't see the casino	they will do, and say anything to hook you. You can tell that the place is just a $ maker for the people that work there, and very little consideration is given to it's guests. Be careful for what they say, and make sure you get it in writting, and read the small print, or have a lawyer review anything you get from them.	
Sep 1 2003	Yuck!	We stayed at the Royal Hotel and Casino for one night to many. We were schedualed to come in at 10PM and made it to the hotel an hour early butfinding it was the hard part. I called from a cell phone and got the front desk and asked where they were located when i finnally got directions I found that we were directed to what looked like a hotel under construction. I recalled the hotels front desk and asked if they were under construction and they said no, so we thought that we were at the wrong spot. When we finally figured it out I let the front desk know that incase anyone else asked they were under construction. Even though we were not impressed with the outside of the hotel the lobby was nice so we figured that the hotel would be nice. OOPs big mistake! The room smelled and had paper thin walls... thank you people next door for giving us a wonderful rated X audio play by play. The sheets looked like they had been slept in, the tub had mold growing on it and it looked like someone had smoked in the room for 20 years before we got there. The next day we went to the front desk to ask for a new room and it took 30 min for anyone to even make it around to the front desk for us to ask. We got nothing but rudeness from the hotel desk people and decided that it was over for us, so instead of getting a new room we grabbed our bags and went out the door. Leaving a key and an explination to the manager that we would never be back. The one good thing that we can say about the hotel is that we didnt get charged for the nights that we didnt stay. The only other thing that came out of this hotel was that the Ameria Suites that is down the road was cheeper, cleaner, and offered us a more restful nights sleep after a rough day of sight seeing. Thank you Ameria Suits.	
Jul 28 2003	Great Location and Nice Place to stay at	I really enjoyed this place overall. I was there on the 4th of July weekend and when we got there we were upgraded for no reason to a studio. It was cool. We took to of my sisters and my husband and I and they even gave us some rollaways for the couple of nights that we were there for no extra charge. The pool is quiet and clean. Nothing fancy but I really like the cabanas that they have there.We took mixed drinks and were in the pool most of the time. There are only about 4 cabanas total, but it was basically first come first served. Overall, the location is really convenient and for the price you can't be too demanding. Weekend price is good compared to other places.	
Jun 15 2003	The worst hotel stay of our lives	Went to Vegas April 2003. Don't let the name fool you, there is no casino at this location. Got a great (so I thought) package deal to stay at this hotel (as long as we would sit through their &quot;time share&quot;, what a mistake! This was the worst hotel stay of our lives! From the moment of check in to check out the staff was extremely rude. We had a better room at the Westward Ho, than this place. We had to ask 3 times for the coffee pot and coffee that was supposed to come with the room, when we did they made it very clear on how inconvenient this was. My husband is a smoker, they also failed to let us know when we booked it that this is a non-smoking hotel (they even asked if we wanted a smoking or non-smoking room), if he wanted to smoke he had to go downstairs and outside to do so. Also, there was supposed to be a continental breakfast every morning of our stay, however upon check in the clerk &quot;didn't know anything about that&quot;. We found out at our time-share (the last day we were there, that it was on the second floor. We went to breakfast at their restaurant table talk cafe. There was only 1 other couple in the entire place. It took over an hour to get eggs and sausage for him, and an omelet for me. When it finally came out (as we were getting ready to leave) it was so cold neither of us could choke it down. My husband and I have never complained or thought of walking out of a restaurant until that day, I complained to the manager and at least we didn't have to pay for the breakfast. Then went into their little store that they have there, and there was a foreigner buying stamps and asking how much the stamps were and how many it would take to mail a postcard (she explained she didn't know our system). The gentleman in the store took advantage of this, had her buy 6 stamps and charged her 50 cents for each 36 cent stamp. When I said something to him behind her in line, he about went nuts on me, (at least I got a thank you from the customer and I directed her to Walgreens assumintic, didn't think we would be out of our room for long so I had left my inhalers and nebulizer in our room. Little did I know upon our return to the room (because I was having a hard time breathing), our key would not work. After going to the front desk and finally getting someone to come to the desk, they did call security to try to get the lock open. When security was unable to do so, (after an hour). They said we'll put you in another room as we don't want to have to call maintenance in this time of night (we had explained several times that it was medically necessary for me to get into the room and why). They finally called their maintenance guy in after my husband fought with them for almost 30 minutes demanding that they get someone in here now! It then took maintenance another hour to get the door open! When we apologized to our neighbors the next morning for all of the noise, and told them what had happened they were completely understanding and had stated that their stay had been absolutely horrible as well! Then during the time share, we had told them everything that had happened, all they had to say was, well at least you didn't die (which was definitely a possibility). Then they offered us a free stay for our wedding party (we have friends getting married in July out there and are going back to Las Vegas then) if we would buy their time share! I couldn't believe their nerve! If they gave me a time share or even a completely free trip to Las Vegas I would never stay at this hotel again! I wouldn't send my worst enemy there! Beware, this place is a nightmare!	
