	A vile petri dish of filth and bad odors. Stay away!	I booked three nights in this hotel, for a trip celebrating a good friend's birthday. We wanted to stay somewhere downtown, park the car and enjoy the Fremont Street attractions on foot. We chose the Plaza for its location and price: big mistake.The warning signs were there early, starting with the disgusting garage. We checked in, and while I had ordered a non-smoking room, we were told that only smoking rooms were available. The elevator groaned and squealed as we went up, before shuddering and shaking to a stop at my floor. I opened my door and was greeted with an unspeakably awful smell, like a mixture of cigarette butts, vomit and Lysol. I flicked on the light switch, but the room remained dark. As I entered, my foot hit something metal and sent it flying across the room. (This turned out to be a large steel kickplate from a vacuum cleaner.)I groped around the room until I found the bathroom, and turned on the light. As the fluorescent fixtures flickered and buzzed to life, I found myself wishing it was still dark. Now I've traveled all over the world, including third world regions of Asia and central America, but I've never been in a hotel room as disgusting as this. The wallpaper was deep yellow with cigarette smoke, and was peeling up at every seam. The bathroom tile was moldy and cracked. The carpet was so dirty you could barely see the pattern through the wide variety of dark mysterious stains. Everything in the room (lamps, phone TV remote, table) was sticky with gooey residue, and I desperately hoped it wasn't some kind of bodily fluid. I opened the window to try to air out the foul stench, but it only hinged open a few inches.I immediately called another hotel (The Golden Nugget) to make new accomodations. Sadly, nothing was available for that night so I had to bed down for one night at the Plaza. I used toilet paper (there was no box of tissues provided) to grab and toss the DNA encrusted bedspread into the corner, and pulled back the covers. The sheets themselves (miraculously) seemed clean, so I settled in for the night and tried to ignore the awful smell. The bed itself was rock-hard, and had a strange crunchy feel and sound, as though the mattress contained a layer of pebbles. (This was probably dried out, crunchy foam rubber.) I tried to not think about the pillow, and the variety of mites and pathogens it surely contained.In the morning, I had a headache and sore throat, from inhaling that smell all night. I wanted out of there IMMEDIATELY, so I hopped in the shower. Wonderful, no hot water!!! The faucet at the sink worked OK, so clearly the shower valve was defective. After my ice water shower, there was no way I would walk around on that vile carpet, so I wrapped hand towels around my feet and shuffled around as I shaved and dressed.Seriously people, this joint is disgusting beyond belief, a wretched petri dish of filth. Just being in the room filled my head with depressing thoughts, and the last thing you want to do is wake up there...everything about it screams &quot;flophouse.&quot; You deserve better.	
	Bad Stay	If you are looking for a cheap hotel and to get what you pay for, this is the hotel for you. Beds were SUPER uncomfortable, rooms looked like they were used a lot...kinda gross looking. Buffett was nice and cheap and they guys liked the $2 beers. A bus ride from the strip, not as close as we would have liked.	
	good cheap hotel	great hotel with very big rooms, all for a great low price	
Nov 17 2009 	This can not be call an Hotel	This was the worst place that I have stay around the world. It was my first time in Las Vegas I was traveling with my husband and family. My family book the hotel through Expedia, so they get I good deal, so we decide to stay with them. The hotel is dirty, the bed very bad, the bathrooms horrible, no lights, the room don't have anything. The odors was discusting inside the hotel. For the management of this hotel please please don't make Las Vegas to look bad, because your fault this place should be closed forever.	
Nov 12 2009 	Not that bad	Stayed at the Plaza for 3 nights on November 4 5 &amp; 6, on the 4th floor of the North Tower, room was large, had a fridge, sofa (which I would not sit on, too dirty) table and 2 chairs and king bed, which was two single beds pushed together. The room was not that bad, and was clean. The shower had good pressure and there was always hot water, the room was quiet, did not hear anything at all, the room is big and we had a fridge, as the room was comped, there was nothing really to complain about. the pool area is another story, the pool area is dirty and there is no one there to maintain it, towels all over the place, nothing is picked up, there is no attendant anywhere. Yes, the Plaza has a wierd dirty smell to it. Also stayed at Four Queens, Binions and MSS, see my reviews. If you are getting the room for free its okay, but if you had to pay anymore than $25.00 forget it.	
Oct 26 2009 	I'd rather stay at a motel	This was the worst place I have ever stayed at. I read some reviews about the Plaza before I booked and realized that it wouldn't be much, but at least it was cheap. Besides, I was in Vegas right? Who stays in their room that much? So, even going into it my expectations were very low, but our actual experience was even worse. When we got there the front desk service was slow and one of the girls was watching the baseball game instead of helping the people behind us. When we finally got our room keys, we got on an elevator with broken beer bottles and beer on the floor and headed to our room. The wallpaper in the halls were peeling and there were mystery stains on the carpet. Our room was lacking to say the least. The A/C was running and it was freezing, there was a pull out couch-bed and no shower. Just a sink with shampoo next to it and some wash clothes. Most of the lights didn't work and the back of one of the chairs was falling off. We had problems with the door locking when we left and then one of the nights we got back we got locked out and had to go to the front desk twice to get them to fix it. The first time, he just remagnatized our keys and sent us on our way. The second time we talked to the manager and he sent a maintenance guy that we waited 20 minutes for. The walls were also paper thin. The room next to us had the TV on really loudly the entire time we were there and the room cleaning staff were loud and inconsiderate. The first night we stayed and realized how bad this place was, we asked the front desk if we could upgrade and he said they were booked for the weekend, which I couldn't believe. The only people I would recommend the Plaza to are people that are strictly looking for a place to sleep for cheap and have no expectations for the limitless disappointments of this establishment. Next time I'll just stay in one of the motels if I want to not pay much for a room. At least then I'll get a real bed and a shower.	
Oct 25 2009 	GROSS	This hotel was just filthy...bathtub was yellow with white scum all over the soap dish..with dingy towels hanging on the towel bar(thank god i brought my own)..the so called blue towel is dirty and faded..when i went 2 turn on the AC the marker was pointing 2 a handwritten temperature...the bedsheets had yellow specks all over it(god knows what it was thank god it had 2 beds in the room) also u can't miss the smell once u open the door...it smelled funky...last but not least i brought a drink from the casino up 2 the room and left it on the table...it stayed there for 2 days at the same spot...that tells u how well the housekeeping dep't works...no wonder nothing was clean in there...but overall customer service was pretty good...from the front desk 2 the dealers at the blackjack table..but i wouldnt return there again...	
Oct 20 2009 	STAY AWAY NOT WORTH UR MONEY /TERRIBLE SERVICE	i paid for a non smoking room online , yet when i arrived to check in the rude person at front desk said all they had were non smoking rooms and refused to help. room was old and looked for like a motel than a hotel. carpet was old and so was sink, toilet and tub. i will NEVER stay there even if you paid me to.	
Oct 14 2009 	Old stylish but good bargain	clean, great location inFremont St, cheap restaurant	
Oct 8 2009 	plaza hotel	we got comp'd for most of it so it was ok because of how cheap it was but spent lot of time at other casinos i recommend the golden nugget	
Oct 8 2009 	you get what you pay for	This hotel is old. Rooms are worn out. The price was right. We stayed in the South Tower. The ice machine on our floor did not work. The elevators to the garage did not work one day. The best thing at this hotel is the Restaurant &quot;The Grill&quot;, food made to order.so always hot. There is a counter and a couple of tables. Our last day, there was no water in the South Tower, NONE!! No showers, no flushing toilets and no washing hands. First the Hotel said it would be fixed in one hour, then three to four hours. We checked out, so I do not know when the water came back.. Recommend this Hotel to a friend is yes, but only if you get a great deal on the rooms. And I would let them know that this is a very OLD Hotel and anything could go wrong.	
Oct 8 2009 	OK for the money	Old hotel on the end of the strip. Rooms are clean and the staff is nice. Pool available but COLD. All that you need in Vegas is a bed and by the time you hit it you are out so why not for the money can't beet it! We paid $51 on a Friday night!	
Oct 4 2009 	Great stay at the Plaza	I traveled to Vegas with a buddy of mine and stayed here for nine nights. My room was on the 21st floor of the south tower and had a great view of the Stratosphere Tower, a few of the other hotels on the strip, and, of course, the mountains to the south and west. If you keep in mind that this place is 38 years old, it has withstood the test of time and thousands of guests well. The room was a little bit dated but more than adequate. It would be similar to a room you might expect at a Days Inn or Super 8. The only thing I thought was in rough shape was the carpet which had more than a few cigarette burns, and obviously isn't vacuumed very often. Quite honestly, the only time I saw a vacuum while I was here was in the lobby and on the main floor of the casino. The pool was a little small for the size of the hotel, but was clean and well maintained and never too crowded. There is even a poolside bar open Thursday thru Sunday, something I didn't expect for the price of the hotel. The casino was about average size and has an excellent variety of slots and table games with low minimums. All bartenders were friendly and accomadating, and always comp your drinks if you play video poker. All hotel employees for that matter seem very friendly and helpful. The location directly across from the Fremont St. experience is outstanding, and you can access the Strip or the airport from this location quickly and cheaply on the bus. There were about 50 or 60 TV channels in the room, but who goes to Vegas to watch TV?! The only downside to this hotel is the buffet , which looks cheap and thrown together. The &quot;steak&quot; was thinly cut pieces of roast beef! The food reminded me of my days in military chow lines or in the high school cafeteria. Would recommend the buffet at Main Street Station down the street, which offers much better food at about the same price. All in all, had a good experience and would gladly stay here again. I'm a 28 year old single male and the hotel seems popular with a lot of people my age, as well as older retired people, frequent Vegas visitors, and, like any other downtown hotel, Filipino and Hawaiian people.	
Sep 30 2009 	Stay elsewhere this hotel has gone downhill.	The carpets in the room and halls were stained and torn. Ice machine did not work, and the vending machine was out of order. When we first entered the room, the trash can was full of trash. They charge $5 for parking, and expect you to take the receipt to the cashier for reimbursement. Bathroom sink was leaking. Tub was old and stained. Bartender was rude and grouchy.	
Sep 28 2009 	Nothing fancy but a great deal	If you're looking for posh, stay away. This place has seen better days but when the room runs you $12 a night you try not to complain much. Rooms were adequate (seem to be nicer in the North Tower), check-in needs improvement although staff is friendly and the casino tables always seem to have seats open even for the nickel player. Good size pool in a so-so pool area. Nice location at the top end of Fremont. A short walk to the California or Main St. Station where the food is better.Was in the elevator one evening thinking about how there's never a problem waiting for one - and promptly got stuck between floors 2 and 3. At one point I figured I was stuck there for the night but they were able to call in an elevator technician and I was sprung in about an hour. Security was very professional making sure I was okay, etc. Overall not a bad stay.	
Sep 24 2009	Military Reunion Friendly	We had a group rate of $29 a night with a great area comped for hospitality. Group sales and catering did a great job helping fix issues that come up. Had 30 rooms total, some better than others but most were very comforable. A few had issues and had to change rooms but all in all the Plaza was a great place for a reunion. Rooms are good size and plenty of closet space. Small bathroom and no coffee in rooms are a drawback. Resteraunt and buffet were nothing special. Banquet food was a bit higher than some other bids but food was great, banquet room very nice and banquet serving staff was perfect. Bar in banquet prices were a little high but bartender was super friendly.	
Sep 12 2009 	Great Price Good hotel	All in all this was not a horrible place to stay like some people have said. I paid 12.00+tax online and then got an upgrade to the mini suite for 10.00 more bucks. I like Fremont street so if you are looking for a fancy resort feel...go stay on the strip because you are not going to find that on Fremont. The room was clean and had a great view. If you get hungry there is a place called the Firefly its in the Fly Dome at the Plaza on the second floor.	
Sep 5 2009 	Not As Good As I Thought	Hotel was old, I guess for the price it was ok. I was expecting the rooms to be more modern considering the location of the hotel. Casino was fun. I will consider another hotel when in Vegas again.	
Sep 4 2009 	OK if you keep in mind the price	Pros: Close to Freemont Street, price, viewCons: Old, no noise insulation, Short showers.A friend of mine and I stayed there 8/30/2009. When we arrived, we noticed that the valet parking was right next to the bus station. Not a big issue. The worst part was that lack of signage to find out where to check in. It's quite a walk from the parking to the registration desk. We did get lucky and got a room with a Freemont Street view. The elevators for that were right next to the front desk. The room was clean and decent. However, it could really use some updating. The style of the room was still stuck in the 70's (expected as it's an old hotel). The biggest complaint we had with the place was the shower head being too short (maybe 5 feet up), and the toilet was EXTREMELY slow and rocked when we sat on it. We were on the 6th floor on a corner of the main facade. Great view. The Freemont Street Experience was at eye level. On the downside, we were easily able to hear the music from the street below. If we hadn't already been exhausted when we got there, I'm sure sleeping could have been an issue. We didn't eat at any of the onsite places, so nothing to really say about that. The elevators weren't slow. Overall, I think we got what we paid for. I know it's an over used expression, but it's completely accurate when describing the stay.	
Aug 22 2009 	Once Again....You get what you pay for"	It was fairly clean...it was a long walk from the front desk to the South towers. The buffet was not good at all. Overall if you are planning on doing a lo of sight seeing and not planning on staying in your room for a long time....it's a cheap and okay place to stay. The location to enjoy the Fremont Street Experience is AWESOME and that made up for the cleaniness and overall inside appearance of the Hotel. If you have an EXTRA $20 or $30 a night to upgrade to better hotel I would highly recommend that you do it.	
Aug 7 2009	You get what you pay for	Booked this hotel for its less than $30 a night price, and received what should be expected at that price. The hotel staff weren't friendly but did what they were there to do. It was a long walk through the smokey casino (of course, that's how they do it in Vegas) to get to the South Tower elevators (although thankfully, there are 3 sets of doors that lead outside at various spots throughout the casino so you can brave the heat if you'd rather not walk through the casino). The room was old, the furniture chipped and worn, the wallpaper peeling, and the floor dirty (when we first walked in you could see the vacuum marks, only the main paths through the room had been vacuumed). The bathroom was fairly clean. We had a good view of the pool and the Fremont Street Experience from our room. The bed and pillows were pretty comfortable and no one woke up sore.It is however in a great spot, at the end of the Fremont St Experience. To get the most food for your money at this hotel, eat at the grill next to the South Tower Elevators. I got a cheeseburger and steak fries for about $6 and it definitely filled me up. However, the Paradise Buffet at the Fremont (just down the street) offered breakfast, lunch, and dinner buffets from around $6-8 per person with a good selection of food.If you want to go down to the strip, ride The Deuce public bus system. The buses are clean although sometimes crowded and they drop-off right at downtown on Fremont. If you're going to ride it more than 5 times/be there at least 3 days, I HIGHLY recommend getting the $15 3-day bus pass (it's also good for any other Vegas public bus). If you're going out of town (ie. Hoover Dam or Red Rock Canyon, which I highly recommend, at $5 per car it's a great Vegas deal) it's easiest to just rent a car. DO NOT TAKE A TAXI, they are -very expensive- (our taxi ride from the airport to downtown to the Plaza cost us $36).Overall I won't complain much about the hotel because of the price. If you just want somewhere to sleep and shower in Vegas and don't care about having an updated/spotless room then this hotel is for you, you certainly can't beat the price.	
Jul 25 2009	Pretty average but you get what you pay for!	My father and I flew to Vegas for my 21st birthday. We arrived at the hotel at about 11 pm, and were placed on the 3rd floor. When I got to my room, it smelled a bit like a nursing home, but I was so tired I didn't care about that....or the fact that my room looked out onto a rooftop cubby where a large purple light was pointed directly in my window, the light on my little balcony was shorting out, and a/c units dotted what lay beyond. But I had a fridge! My dad's room wasn't much better, (he was furious because he paid a bit extra for a deluxe room, which ours were obviously not. They were sold out that night though so I think it was safe to assume that the poor quality of our rooms were because we got there so late.) so he went down and talked to the lovely people who moved us the next day. We were then placed on the 15th floor, in rooms that smelled lovely, had a great view of fremont (I love fremont! I spent a day there and one on the strip, and I can honestly say I think the strip is overrated. The atmosphere on Fremont is so laid back, and people arent pushing and shoving trying to get by....I can honestly say I had more fun on Fremont than anywhere else....oh but go see the Tournament of Kings! Its the poo!) but neither of our rooms had fridges. Odd, right? The rest of our trip was great, but I would NOT reccommend the buffet. The food was dry and stale, and when my dad went to put some whipped cream on his blueberries he found that the cream had separated. He was then sick for about 3 hours. If you get a chance though, try the omlet house diner right next to the buffet...the food is fantastic! Oh and before I forget, we did go to lombardis (where our waiter was kind enough to box up our meals so we didnt miss the Rat Pack Is Back show...the fettucini is delicious!) The Rat Pack show was very well done. The guy playing Sinatra looks more like Liam Neeson, but is a dead ringer for the vocals. However my pops did spring extra for front row seats...but even after tipping the usher we still got put off to the far right of the stage, second tier up. I was bummed, but the quality of the show made up for it. I guess if anything needed help, it would be the customer service skills of the front desk and ushers. They really gave me the impression that they see so many tourists, they just dont care if you are satisfied or not. But I want to end this on a positive note and commend the waitstaff in Lombardi's for their great attitudes and service!	
Jul 23 2009 	The Worst Hotel Ever	We booked our rooms (3 of them) way in advance, we were taking our children and their significant others to see Van Halen as a Christmas gift. We were a bit spooked when we had to enter the parking structure through the bus terminal. Then we followed a winding course to find the Front desk. When we finally were checked in, we had to go on another trek to find the rooms. The rooms where old, shabby and not very clean. The TV's didn't work the beds were from 1950, the linens were wrinkly and threadbare. The bathroom was also from 1950. The decor was the same 3 picture in each room. The room looked like there had been a bachelor party and they forgot to repair the damage. We paid such a low price we figured you get what you pay for and complaining wouldn't get us anything better. Never again!	
Jul 18 2009 	Not fancy or special but worth the value paid.	First stay here - downtown, great location for partying. Hotel room not very clean at all, but each staff person that we spoke with was very friendly and nice. The expectations were not set too high knowing that this hotel/casino was very old. For the price paid, the expecations were met. Note - if you drive, valet in, so much better than the parking garage and really much better than the parking suface lot which is not right beside the hotel/casino. Valet was fast! For a cheap room that you are not going to be in much at all it works well. If you plan on being in the room much, tv reception was terrible, take a book and maybe some slippers, carpet on the 21st floor, south tower needed cleaning or changed.	
Jul 12 2009 	Could use some TLC but still good for price.	First I have to say overall this was a good place to stay. Price,location and atmosphere was great. In saying that, there were a few things that could use some attention. The iron that was put in our room had some dark residue that tranferred to one of my shirts and ruined my fiances shirt. The shower fan, which looked like it was from the 60's, fell out of the wall while we were showering. The A/C didnt have what it needed to keep the room cool at night and the TV reception was horrible. We still had a great time though.	
Jul 12 2009 	Good spot on the cheap in classic Vegas	Stayed at the Plaza from June 7-11 and again June 18-20. When my husband and I travel, our basic needs are clean and safe. Our standards of clean may vary from other folks, so read on...((And keep in mind, our standards were even lower in Vegas, since literally the room was place to shower and sleep only.))The first room was in the South Tower, we upgraded to a Strip view, which was not as spectacular as it sounds, but it included a view of the Greyhound station below, haha! The room was clean, but musty due to age. The bathroom was clean, but again, a little dated...the caulk around the tub edge was peeling and there were a few areas where it looked like there had been a water leak. However, the shower water was hot and forceful and never ran out, perfect for washing the Vegas out of your hair. The air conditioner froze over the last night we were there, but since we were leaving anyway, did not bother with maintenance. The second room was in the North Tower, which has been remodeled. First thing, I checked the bed for bed bugs, and while I did not find any, there was a gross brown stain on the sheet, so we asked switch rooms immediately. There was no hassle, the staff was very apologetic. The room still had a bit of a mustiness to it, but had a newer feel to it. The shower situation was about the same as the first time. The iron had a black burnt spot on it, which I did not notice at first, nearly ruined a new shirt. Both times, the beds were comfortable, but could have used more pillows. The Plaza has a late check-out policy, for an extra $20, you can stay in your room til 6pm, which was great for us since we were leaving on a midnight flight. Allowed us to sleep most of the day and re-coup for the night.Would I recommend this hotel to a friend? If you can handle some age and mustiness, the Plaza is no problem. If you prefer a more modern feel, you might consider another place.The hotel and casino staff were all very helpful and friendly. The hotel has a 24 hour McDonald's in addition to a pizza shop and a buffet restaurant, but we did not eat there. My husband had stayed at the Plaza before, so most of our stay was comped, however, rooms in the area are very cheap all around. Our goal was to gamble, play poker, stay up all night and just go non-stop, so Fremont St. was perfect for us. We didn't spend much time gambling in The Plaza. It's walking distance to Binion's, spent a lot of time in the poker room there. The Golden Nugget is nearby, the pool and spa are fantastic. Fremont St. is having a summer promotion called the &quot;Summer of 69&quot; so most of the dealers and staff were wearing tie-dyed shirts, there was a live show every night on the street, with music from that era. And the Fremont St. experience included music from Kiss and Queen. We are in our 30s and the crowd tended to be older than us. You are fine on Fremont, but be careful venturing too far away, especially at night, the neighborhood gets dodgy quickly. However, I never felt unsafe walking around by myself on Fremont at 3am.The vibe in old Vegas is much different than downtown. If you want dancing fountains and night clubs, this area might not be for you. If you want to gamble, stay on the cheap, meet all sorts of Vegas characters and have a bit more mellow experience overall, head to Fremont and The Plaza.As a friend of ours who lives in Vegas put it, &quot;I would worry about most people in that part of town, but you guys are adventurous and can handle it.&quot; :-)	
Jul 9 2009 	Good at that pricelevel	We needed a cheap hotel with lots of posibilities and that is what you get at this hotel. Sure, there is many more spectacular hotels in Las Vegas, but for money you pay for this one, you can´t really expect much more. There are good restaurants with good and cheap food. There are plenty of room in the casino and it has a central location in the old part of the strip. And if you as we did get a window facing the strip you have a fantastic view at night.So if you plan to stay cheap in Vegas I would recommend this hotel at any time. The $7,77 buffet is worth diggin in, even if you´re staying at an other hotel.	
Jul 6 2009 	great for the price	i loved this hotel, yeah it was cheap but you get what you pay for. the staff was very nice. we asked them to fix the ice machine on our floor and it was fixed the next day. we were trying to find a place that would deliver pizza to our hotel and the concierge called us back with different pizza places.only one bad thing was we were on a smoking floor and you couldn't even open a window, but other than that i would say it was excellent	
Jul 3 2009 	Bad at First slowly improved	I stayed there in Jan 09 and the room was much cleaner, basic but cleaner. This time the room was not very well kept and I had to call someone to come clean some things. The buffet was not impressive as it had very little to offer. The casino and sport book were good with friendly staff. The desk staff was friendly, but seemed testy at times. I enjoyed the pool area but I am very basic in this area and as long as there was sun, someplace to sit or lay down and maybe have a drink, it was good. If they took a little more care concerning their rooms, it was OK.	
Jun 30 2009 	not the best	OK so this hotel is not great the rooms are large but could do with a good clean the pool area was ok but very basic staff not very friendly or helpful. the hotel has had better days none of the lights in my room worked . all in all iv stayed in worse but wouldn't rush back however for what you pay its not that bad.	
Jun 28 2009 	Anywhere but here!	Do not stay at the Plaza for any amount of money (even free rooms). Funky smell upon walking into the casino. Rooms were filthy, moldy smelling , and DATED! I was so dissappointed in this hotel, but did not let that ruin our trip. Next time we would stay at any other downtown hotel except this one. My husband and I never took our shoes off on our carpet in our room, and I hope we did not bring home any &quot;friends&quot; (bedbugs). The downtown area is a blast and very clean. The Fremont Street Experience is awesome and very much a party atmosphere with out too much ruckus. I am not exaggerating any of this review, just telling you the truth. Find another hotel besides this one!!!	
Jun 17 2009 	The Plaza ... never again	Okay, we know the prices are reasonable and you can only expect to get what you pay for. We have, in fact, stayed here on numerous occasions over the last twenty years or so. But this year they well and truly blotted their copy book. Here is a condensed description of our stay:Booked via Internet, requested none-smoking room overlooking Fremont Street.June 1st arrived at check in. Informed that the North Tower was temporarily out of use and we would have to stay in South Tower. We could, however, take advantage of their current &quot;deal&quot; on &quot;luxury&quot; suites at $15 per night extra. Unfortunately there were no none-smoking suites, BUT, we were promised the suite had been completely cleaned and there would be no residue of smoke.We asked to be placed as far away from the railway as possible - found ourselves overlooking it ...The &quot;suite&quot;, at first glance, appeared quite nice - though a coffee maker would have been handy - so we unpacked and sat a while to admire the view (which was quite spectacular). Then the train came, and came, and came ... all half mile of it.We decided it was only a minor fault and would bear with it. Same applied to the badly stained carpets.Two days later the wind rose - and so did our curtains! That was when we discovered the windows AND FRAMES appeared to be held in place with duck tape - which had dried and curled away.Once again we decided not to make a fuss (well, we Brits are known for our tolerance, aren't we?)Day four we came back late afternoon to find the maid coming out of our room, we exchanged pleasantries and went in - to find she had not touched the bedroom and bathroom even though the connecting door was wide open. This time we complained - and were informed that, as I had placed a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the bedroom door around 9am (whilst I went to fetch coffee from the snack bar) it was hotel &quot;policy&quot; to disregard said room for that day???? We were not happy, but what could we do against such logic?Day five. A family moved into the suite next door - we could hear them quite clearly. We went out for dinner, came back to find our &quot;suite&quot; reeking of cigarette smoke. It seeped in through the connecting door.Well, that gives a brief idea of our stay. On checkout we voiced our dissatifaction - to no avail.Then we returned home and checked our bill, and found they had charged us $30 per night...Okay, I can hear you all shouting we should have complained earlier, louder etc. But we will never go back, not even if they offer us a &quot;special deal&quot;.	
Jun 7 2009 	Sad and upsetting...	I live in Las Vegas and have been visiting the Plaza for years. in that time I have seen it have more pointless changes and oddball repairs then ever nessesary. The company that operates the Plaza, Tamares, is clearly interested in amassing more properties then maintaining them. It all comes down to the dollar, and the Plaza is a sad casualty. There is no excuse for for this.A good example is the once grand Center Stage resturant. Why they closed it down and turned it into the monstrosity, &quot;The Dome&quot;, is a blatent example of why Tamares has no respect for it's property. Here is a place where Robert Deniro and Sharon Stone dined in Casino! Where James Gandolfini and Julia Roberts dined in The mexican, and helen Hunt and Kevin Spacy had a scene in Pay It Forward. It was classy, refined, unpretentious, and a beautiful remnant of old Vegas. I was appauled when i saw the half assed sports memorablila (clearly borrowed from the Las Vegas Club) and cheap tv's above and all over the once beautiful leather booths. it's bad enough it's a sports bar, but they diden't even do it right.Lombardies seems okay, so I won't say anything.Some of the employees are alright, but others barley speak english and could not be more indifferent. These employees should be fired, and replaced with people who give a damn.My last gripe is the the signage. The Plaza once had incredibly cool signage, but now all the yellow lights are burned out and the word Plaza is just red flickering neon. It has been this way for almost a month and I have yet to get a clear answer from anyone as to why it hasen't been tended to.It's just embaressing. Here all the downtown hotels are really cleaning up there acts and really doing a good job ( Gold Spike, El cortez, Golden Gate) and the Plaza, which has amazing poential to become the Palms of downtown, is just left to rot for everyone to witness.I put this all at the feet of Tamares and Nevagante.They has no business running hotels and I will never speak well of them.	
Jun 4 2009 	Sigh... The Plaza.	This is one of my favorite places to gamble. Just plain old school. So when they sent me some free nights I figured &quot;what the heck...&quot; I knew I wasn't going to get the Venetian, but the Plaza was right at the edge of young single professional limits. (Well within frat boy or budget partier limits though.) The room (#2006) was average size, and the sheets/blankets/towels were spotless, but the carpet was nasty and the decor was out of style in 1976. Worse was the lack of an in-room safe, so I had to lug cash around the whole time. One bright spot was the act in the &quot;Aqua Lounge,&quot; a &quot;Four-Tops&quot;, &quot;Temptations&quot;, &quot;Spinners&quot; kind of cover act that was really good. The comps are also pretty generous and the cocktail waitresses are fast, I never had to wait for a drink. I will continue to frequent the Plaza as a gambler, but I don't think I'll be staying there again.	
Jun 4 2009 	Filthy and Disgusting!!!	We stayed in Vegas a few nights on our way to L.A. Husband booked our rooms at the Plaza on Vegas.com for $25/night. We paid too much!!! I broke down and cried when we checked in. The place was so filthy and disgusting. One room had water and hair in the bath tub. The carpet in the room and halls was nasty!! The whole place smelled like smoke, and worse. We slept with our socks on, as we didn't want our bare feet on the floor. I woke up to a black bug crawling out of the weave of my sock!! We were supposed to have 3 nights there, but checking out early in the morning after the first night. Had it not been 117 degrees, we would have slept in the car. We moved to the South Point Resort &amp; Casino, which interestingly is ranked 3 stars on Vegas.com, the same as the Plaza. While I would rank the Plaza as a negative 10 star hotel, the Plaza would get the highest rating in our book. This hotel isn't fit to house prisoners!!	
May 26 2009 	This place is not fit for the homeless!	We have stayed at the Plaza many times in the past and have always been satisfied until this past trip.1. The elevators were very slow, only half of them worked and the ones that did work were so dirty I would not touch anything! They had been spit one or urinated on, or maybe worse if you want to imagine that.2. We never took our flip-flops off in our room or the shower. I hate to think what the stains were on the floor.3. We were there for 4 nights, and had 3 cold showers.4. The hallways smelled like sewer.5. Made reservations several months ago and requested non-smoking king size pool view. Got a smoking, stinking, king, pool view with no water and no air working. It was 106 degrees!6. Had to change rooms 3 times, and still was in a gross place. Wasted an hour and a half of our vacation time just getting a room.7. Pool area had a bar that is not open on Mon. and Tues. This is Vegas, should be open everyday!8. So called jogging track is so dirty and never been hosed off. Someone had spit a goober on it and was there the whole time we were there. Lovely to see that on a run. Also a large Vodka laying on track that no worker ever bothered to pick up.9. Beds were VERY uncomfortable. Couldn't even snuggle down in the covers because I was afraid of the filth of the beds.10. Had to use my perfume as air freshener just to be able to stand the smell.Hope everyone has gotten the idea. We did not gamble one bit here as we were not giving them any more of our money.	
May 24 2009 	Understaffed broken and priced too high.	I have stayed at this hotel 5 different times, and have enjoyed my stay there every time until this last stay. Although before staying there May 09 the last was in 04. Maybe changing owners to Boyd gaming may be the problem. Checking in and out was a nightmare. Never enough checkers. The room they had reserved for me was a smoking room, and &quot;upgraded&quot; ( for a price ) to a nonsmoking room. The fawcets on the sink was broken, and the shower only ran hot, or cold into a tub that barely drained. the wallpaper was torn, and the room was obviously ran down. Room was clean so maid service was okay. Was in the North tower, and had 6 elevators, which were most of the time broken, and not working. I waited one time on main floor for over 20 minutes before the one working at that time finally showed. As I was leaving with my luggage (6th floor) I had to wait through 5 elevators, that stopped and were full. I could use the stairs, and did to get down to main, but couldn't use them to get back up, as all doors but main were locked. When arriving to Vegas I was a day early, and tried to get a room at the Plaza, and was quoted a unreasonably high price, found a priced right, very nice room at the Nugget. I have as I said stayed at the Plaza several times, as I like it down town, and have recomended the Plaza to many many people, but seeing how it is ran currently I would never recomend anyone to stay there now. Goodness if my room was an upgrade, what was the room that I upgraded from like?	
May 23 2009 	What a scam!!	We purchased tickets to see &quot;The Rat Pack is Back&quot;. I bought VIP tickets. I got all dressed up. However, when we were seated, the head waiter told us that for 40.00 more we could have a table by ourselves. I figured he did not realize we already had VIP tickets. But when we were escorted to our &quot;table&quot; we were sitting elbow to elbow with twelve other people at cafeteria tables up against the speakers. I was really looking forward to this show so I eventually asked by husband to please pay the extra forty dollars so I could have a nice table by ourselves. This marred the perfect evening we had had up until this time. I will not go to a show or stay at your hotel. I will not recommend it to my family or friends. I am very disappointed in your &quot;service&quot;.Frances Strait	
May 19 2009 	There was absolutely nothing wrong with this hotel and casino!!!!	I found the reviews very helpful so I wanted to put my 2 cents in. We stayed at the Plaza in downtown Las Vegas. I was kind of skeptical about getting a room so cheap for each night. My thoughts were - what exactly am I getting for that cheap rate? I know that when you are in Vegas, you are not there to hang out in your room, so really - how much time was I actually going to spend in my room? If I do my Vegas trip the correct way - not much time at all!!!! I already knew the location and it was exactly what I wanted. The rooms ended up being very clean and presentable. We stayed in the older part of the hotel, but the rooms were not outdated. We had good water pressure and we had hot water at all times. (I have stayed other places with neither so this was a positive thing for me). All the staff at the hotel and casino was very friendly. There was a buffet downstairs, with other eating places very accessible. I would stay there again without blinking an eye. We were very pleased with The Plaza.	
May 13 2009	What a dump!	This place is falling apart. We stayed with a very large group and only two of the six elevators were working. People were forced to drag their luggage down stairwells just to get out of that place. This poor hotel is very weathered. The rooms were ok, but I wish I had brought flipflops for the shower. I felt very unsafe downstairs in the foodcourt. There were several transients roaming around and talking to themselves. My daughter was very scared and asked to go back to the room. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Sorry, Plaza, but its time for demolition or remodeling! Don't waste your money here!	
May 9 2009 	Good experince at The Plaza	Stayed at The Plaza for 8 nights. Had room 1556 in the south tower. The elevators were fast and never had a problem getting one. The room was clean and wasn't bad for $30 a night. Was great to be able to walk out of the front door of this hotel and watch the Fremont Experience. The only problems were that the maid didn't get to the room until around 3pm and the air conditioner was very noisy. All in all, The Plaza was a good place to stay and I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 29 2009 	Old and run-down but great views!	we stayed at the Plaza for 2 nights. We got a great deal on the web and requested a non-smoking room. when we arrived we were told that there were no non-smoking rooms available in our catagory - but for extra we can upgrade. Well, no way the hotel was full but anyway we upgraded to a mini-suite. It was very large on the 14th floor. Overall clean, but everything old and run-down. Great view over the strip! Our room was in the South Tower so you had to walk through the casino part to get to the hotel. The casino and basically the whole hotel smells like decades of tobacco and smoking - not nice!Location good, right on Fremont street. Bus service to the strip for $7 return, but we had a rental car so we were able to drive to the strip. You can basically park for free at any of the big hotels in the strip.The elevators are a problem - wait for ages.The parking at the hotel is either valet or for $5 but they do refund if you gamble at their casino (which we didin't!)	
Apr 28 2009 	Central Location - Not that great room	Pros:Central locationEasy access to bus service,TaxiHas a casinoGood viewsCons:Not well maintainedHave to wait for 10 min to get an elevator	
Apr 27 2009 	Getting Real Old	Yup. It's me again. Two of my favorite hotels were once the Vegas Club and the Plaza Hotel in downtown Vegas. The Standard Rooms at the Plaza are getting old and dirty. One time, the bathtub drain was plugged (God knows with what) and the water would not drain properly. So, I would be standing in ankle foot of dirty water while taking a shower. Also, the water was only luke warm and dribbled from the shower head. I would recommend the Deluxe Rooms that face the Fremont Street Experience. They are bigger and have refrigerators (or at least some of the rooms). I do like the cheap afternoon shows that are staged there. They usually cost about $9...and watching a 1 hour show beats losing money at the craps tables. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to budget minded travellers. As for me, I will only stay there if I feel cheap.BTW - For the newbies, if you want to park in the covered garage, be sure to park on the third level...because that will lead you directly into the second floor hotel lobby.	
Apr 24 2009 	This was the worst	Its old. The room had stains all over the carpet in the room down the hall. I had a hard tine breathing, we asked for a non smoking room but the room had a very old old smoke smell. My luggage even smell like the room after I left. It was a nice place back in the 70's but everything is still the same. It needs to be re-done in the worst way. I read reviews before we booked so I didn't have very hight expectations. All of the bad reviews I read they were all true.	
Apr 15 2009 	Some problem I encountered	After requesting a non-smoking room was given one - but came down and changed it. We had to drag our suitcases through the Casino area on both occasions. Might suggest that some sort of separate pathway made for guests who live in that part of the hotel. I noticed little children too had to be taken through the casino game machine area to go to their hotel rooms - this is not on. The door in the bathroom vanity was broken and left. We could also hear the voices and noises from the next room as there was an adjoining door. We requested an operator assisted call to New York but the call could not be connected but the front desk still billed us US$6.00 - I had no time to take the matter up further as we were running late for our bus to the airport as the queue at the front desk was so long. I am hoping to write to the hotel re this matter.Apart from the few problems above, this hotel is good value for money	
Apr 8 2009 	The smell will give you a headache	After I saw 3 cockroaches in the bathroom, asked for a refund, and didn't get it because I had already used the room for a couple hours. Not even cheaper from strip hotels. Stay away. Also, paid for internet, but barely worked.	
Apr 2 2009 	FROM BRITAIN? 10 THINGS YOU NEED TO KNOW...	OK, stayed here last week for 7 days, from the United Kingdom so have a slightly different slant on things...1. This is not 'The Wynn', but it's not Wynn prices either. Paid $30 a night for an upgraded room, South Tower number 1652 (high floor / strip view) and it was fantastic - for the price - Check the picture.2. The room was serviced efficiently every day with clean towel / sheets / soap / shampoo etc.3. All 6 lifts were working and were very fast.4. Location is the best end of Freemont Street, right on the action.5. The 'Rat Pack is Back' is currently showing, get discount tickets from 'Tix for Tonight' (only on the strip for this show) and you'll have a great night.6. Corona / Bud / Bud Light is $2.00 a bottle, ($7.00 a bottle + tax + tip on the strip!!!) Crown Royal $2.00 a shot, most of the other downtown hotels have similar offers on.7. Buffet is $7.77 all day, every day, enough choice - if you want more go down to the Mandalay Bay, it's $40 there.8.Speaking of which, it's an hour on the Deuce bus from the top of Freemont Street down to the Mandalay Bay, $3 fare but sometimes quicker to walk as the bus averages 5mph.9. Lots going on in this hotel and on Freemont Street as a whole, dress style is casual / slacker / anything goes.10. Once again, IT'S NOT THE WYNN!!! It's a great value downtown hotel that I can recommend to anyone on a budget - £280 ($400) flight on Thomas Cook from Manchester UK and cheap hotel / food / drink when you get there - compared with holidays in the 'Eurozone' you get a lot of bang for your buck.We'll be back...	
Mar 30 2009 	Not too bad if you aren't picky.	Yes, the hotel is older, yes it could use some work, but I don't go to Vegas for the room. I just want a place to be able to sleep and take a shower, and I was able to do that comfortably. I find it amazing that people complain about a hotel when they pay $30 a night. We didn't have any problems with the elevators, although, we were in the south tower and I know they all worked because I read the reviews before we went, and paid attention. In fact, we were in every elevator while there.Sure, the hotel has potential, but then the price would definitely go up. Its nice to have a place to still travel on a budget.	
Mar 22 2009 	This terrible hotel isn't a good value	My boyfriend and I recently stayed at the Plaza because my brother had suggested it would be a cheap place to stay for all of the wedding guests. Nice idea since everyone was already paying for airfare, but unfortunately he didn't have time to check out the hotel and did not know that it is disgusting and isn't a deal. We read online that the hotel was old and in need of remodeling so we decided to get a suite in hopes that the room would be decent. We were wrong. The suite just means that you get a big disgusting room rather than a small one. They lost everyone's reservations (even the bridal party!) and had to assign rooms at the last minute, and we ended up in the north tower which is much worse than the south tower. I shook the bed and paintings to check for bed bugs and I refused to use the shower...I went to the spa/salon at the Golden Nugget instead. Only two evelators worked so each time you needed to leave you had to wait 10 minutes. If you want to stay in downtown I recommend the Golden Nugget or Main Street Station. Other wedding guests had good experiences at those places. Do not stay at the Plaza unless you get a room for $30, because that's about all it's worth. If you can spend $100 there are plenty of good deals on the Strip right now!	
Mar 22 2009 	Cheep but not clean hard bed only two working elevators.	Booked a room at the Plaza because the rate was only $30 a night for 4 nights. My friends stayed at the Nugget and I just needed a room for myself just to crash in for a few hours. If I was traveling with my wife there is no way I would ever book a room at this hotel. The rooms are not very clean; there was a huge hair ball on the floor and no towels in my room. The mattress might have well have been a cement block.  I recommend bring some Clorox wipes to clean the remote, phone, and door knobs. There is currently only 2 elevators working in the north tower and the bellboy said it has been like this for several months. The wait to get up and down is always over 5 minutes and you stop at every floor. Internet is $30 for 3 days or $12/day.Overall, if you want a cheap room and you are not picky about cleanliness the plaza might work. You should also look at the Las Vegas Club and the California Club. Both located across the street and on Fremont Street. I have stayed at both and they are just a little nicer and the price is usually under $40/night.The Gloden Nuget is really nice and it has a great pool and rooms go for around $50.00/night.	
Mar 22 2009 	cheap. price and quality	I am 22, and my first trip to Vegas was not what I expected. The casino is pretty standard, the Front desk and staff are kind and helpful. But when I first head up to my room I start to notice some things. Of the 6 elevators only 2 are working, and the floor of the hallway is littered with stains. Finally entering my room i realize that the King bed i reserved was instead 2 queens, which is a common problem i've encountered before. Sitting on the bed I felt the springs poking through. One bed was much worse than the other. I still fall asleep fine, but in the morning when I turn on the shower the water just trickels out of the shower head. It definitely needs some CLR or something. It barely works on the massage setting so I deal with it. In short, I've stayed at worse places, at least there was a 24 hour mcdonalds in the lobby, but if you are planning on coming to vegas to party, stay on the strip. I know I will next time.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great room for the price	The Plaza was great for the price, $27/night on the weekend, and since there were 4 of us sharing the room, it was even cheaper. We only needed a place to sleep and shower, and this is exactly what the Plaza provided. The parking seems shady, given the fact that you have to pay $5 to park, but it was refundable at the cashier's cage...not sure why they even have this policy (perhaps the greyhound lot is next door?). The parking elevators were pretty slow...probably the slowest and scariest elevators ever! We were inside the elevator and it took over 1 minute to go up 1 floor! The hotel lobby is located very far from the parking elevators but I guess it is expected in most hotel/casinos. The elevators to go to the room were pretty fast. I'm not sure what the other reviewers were talking about when they said that 2 of the 6 elevators were working. It seemed like all the elevators were working when I was there and they got me to my floor in no time with little to no wait. The room itself was run down and old, but I got what I paid for. It was roomy enough to fit 4 with a sitting area in the corner. The bed was old and hard. The bathroom was ok, but the towel rack was on the side of the toilet, which seemed kind of gross to me since I was with 3 guys who pee standing up (but of course all guys pee standing up) and the pee then sprays from the toilet onto the towels...gross. They should put the towel rack above the toilet and away from pee spray. The nice thing about the bathroom was that there was a changing room area that could be closed off from the room and bathroom. I'm not sure whether the Plaza had internet or not but I was never able to connect. We never had the opportunity to try the 777 buffet. The poker room closes at midnight...that was a new concept. The sports book was surrounded by security guards who checked your room cards or ensured that you had an active bet in order to stay in the sports book area. I guess there were a lot of vagrants at The Plaza. I'm used to seeing security guards at all casinos but I've never seen that many before. The Fremont St. experience is a must try, and the Plaza is at the beginning of Fremont St. The Golden Gate Casino has $2 shrimp cocktail that is pretty good. I found cheap crap tables ($3) at El Cortez down the street, about a 10 minute walk. I wanted to try the fried twinkies and oreos at Mermaids casino but never did and they closed around midnight. $2 beers are sold all over Fremont St. The 99 cent margarita at Fremont Casino is not worth it and has little alcohol content. I liked the Fremont area because it was much, much cheaper compared to the strip...including strippers ($20 cover + 2 drinks) :)	
Mar 14 2009 	Awful!	Oh, the Plaza has so much potential! It's such a shame. The rooms are large and it's a good location with fun architecture.The Plaza could be ultra cool and 60's Rat Packy yet, instead, it's just filthy. They try, they do, but vacuuming and clean sheets do not make up for stained carpets, peeling walpaper, nasty tile, mildew coming through the paint, plumbing leaking from upstairs and in your room, the pervasive stink of dirt in the halls and the absolute REEK of old cigarette smoke in a supposedly nonsmoking room. Only 2 of 6 elevators worked on my side (the North Tower). Plus they charge for parking even if you are a registered guest. You can get your 5 dollars (daily!) refunded at the casino but I am sure many people don't and it's extra trouble. When we booked we were told this was a renovated room and we paid extra for that. This was a flat out lie and the front desk refused to refund any of our money. After one night I checked out and walked across the street to the charming and cheaper Golden Gate. I didn't care if they would not refund me for the night I wasn't staying because it was worth it to escape from the Plaza!	
Mar 14 2009 	Getting older	For the price of the room, you can't go wrong. Especially if you aren't too worried about your room. We aren't in there enough to care, we just need a place to sleep so this worked for us. But I do have to caution some travelers. 2 of the 6 elevators work, which also means the service employees were using the guest elevators limiting it to just 1 elevator. I heard one person say he waited almost a half an hour for the elevator. The rooms are fairly large, but older. The shower was hard to control. At one point we could only get cold or scorching hot water. The carpet in the hallways on our 10th floor was curled and bunched up, making it look a lot older. It was the little things, that if you can overlook go ahead and stay there but if you are any bit picky I would caution you here. I would recommend this to some friends and not others depending on my friends.	
Mar 9 2009 	what a dump	avoid at all costs,rooms are dirty,poorly maintained,lifts do not work and room allocation seems to be based on worst rooms first,not what you have reserved,hotel buffet is really rubbish despite people saying it is good,we booked through expedia,never again,hotel suggested the poor quality of our room was due to the fact that expedia had made more money than them from our reservation hence the rubbish room.avoid at all costs.	
Mar 4 2009 	Dirty - no maintenance on anything	This was our second year at The Plaza for Nascar Weekend. The first room we were given had not been vacuumed, overlooked a roof full of old garbage including toilet paper with feces attached. The chairs were torn also. We were moved to a room on the 7th floor which was better. Good view but shredded curtains, stained carpets and windows so dirty inside and out that you could hardly see thru them. Only 2 of 6 elevators on the North Tower worked. 17-20 min. wait each time. Will never stay there again.	
Feb 27 2009 	Low priced and friendly	My wife and I just spent 4 nights in the Plaza. We went to Las Vegas to celebrate my birthday. The Hotel seemed a little run down and after our initial check in we were thinking about heading to one of the other Hotels downtown, we are glad that we didn't. The Plaza is not the fanciest place downtown but, the room was clean and the staff was very courteous and friendly. The buffet was good and inexpensive. We visited with other people while on an ATV tour, they were all staying on the stip and after listening to them the Plaza kept getting better and better. When wewent to bed there was no noise or lights to keep us up and the cleaning staff kept our room clean. The furnishings were dated and the shower faucet had a hard time keeping a consistent temperature. All in all I can recommend the Plaza, our rom was big, clean, comfortable and inexpensive. The biggest pain was that only 2 elevators were working so there could be a wait during peak times.	
Feb 26 2009 	It was great except for adjoining doors-so could hear noise from next room	We've read reviews on Trip Advisor on this hotel &amp; others we stayed in in California. Frankly, we think people are too fussy (or maybe staff from other hotels are making comments - we hate to suggest this, but from what we've read, we totally disagree with comments on hotels) Re the Plaza Hotel - when we walked into the room, we were absolutely 'gobsmacked' by the view, &amp; didn't get tired of it the whole 6 nights we were there. The room was very large, &amp; had 2 double beds, the bathroom was fine, the room was clean, &amp; check-in was easy. The hotel was very cheap - it is a 15-20 min bus ride from all the expensive/fancy hotels in Las Vegas, but it looks over 'Fremont St' which is great - you get to see the 'Fremont Experience' often, if you are back from the main hotels area. It goes until about 11 pm by memory, every hour.When you come back by bus you walk through Fremont St, &amp; apart from the 'light show' there's heaps of shopping &amp; specials there.The only complaint we have is that there is an adjoining door inbetween every room, &amp; you can hear ALL the noise from the next room - the tv - even just talking. We fixed that problem the 2nd night by putting the quilt cover against the bottom of the door - after doing that, no more problems. We spoke to management re that, &amp; they said that - sorry, but that's the way the hotel is - even tho we said that maybe they could 'block off' the doors - no - that won't happen.Apart from that, the hotel was fabulous, with an amazing view, clean, large rooms - the staff were helpfull - we would reccommend this hotel to anyone, but PUT YOUR QUILT COVER ON THE FLOOR NEXT TO THE ADJOINGING DOOR, unless you have neighbours that go to bed very early. We don't go to bed till about 11-12 pm, but there was noise pretty much all night!!! We think people on Trip Advisor are too critical, after reading reviews on other hotels where we stayed in California, &amp; after reading what they said about this hotel, we just had to write a review - it is so unfair. e.g. they said had to wait for elevators - we were up &amp; down heaps of times, &amp; never had to wait. Maybe that's cos we were there in April, not June/July/August? There are plenty of elevators, &amp; we can't imagine having to wait very long for one - whenever. Anyway, hope this helps future guests - it really is a wonderful hotel for the price &amp; location. Julia &amp; Keiji - Sydney Australia	
Feb 24 2009 	Beautiful	We think Plaza hotel is very good , we stayed for 28 days each time for last two years, but the only problem is, that they keep on loosing all our Faxes send to the hotel,two last year and three this year, the service desk staffs are not very helpful, Casino and the staffs are very good, room service is good and clean,. as long as you stay in north tower. we stayed on third floor room #323, room price is the best in Vegas, and downtown is more fun then the strip, Plaza got the cheapest buffett in Vegas/ $7.77 each, and its preety good for the money, Greyhound bus is right next door, they had big groups of teenagers came from some part of usa for some games, boy they really mess the hotel up, dirty and filthy people, you just can,t blame the hotel owners for this type of problem, we came back this month, and going back again to Plaza in June for a month, belive me you can,t go wrong for the money they charge you, go direct to Plaza hotel website and book the room well in advance, don,t use travel agents, they charge twice as much for the same room, from LA to Vegas, use Southwest airline, they are the cheapest, book on line,uneless you flying direct, good luck, and enjoy Las Vegas, we always do.	
Feb 18 2009 	Great Location but hotel needs a rehab	You couldn't ask for a better location - it is right at the begining of Fremont Street. We had a suite room #712 (for $119 per night) it was quite large and looked right out on Fremont Street. It was fun to watch all the action and the light shows until it was timed to go to sleep then the outside noise was a bit of a problem (stuff ears with toilet paper). The hotel really needs a rehab. To plug in the bedsides lamps I had to streach the cords all the way across the room. Bath room had bits of plaster and rust stains on the walls. We had asked for a non-smoking room and were told that all the rooms were smoking and nonsmoking. Which meant that people could smoke in all the rooms and when a nonsmoking room was requested they &quot;Ozoned&quot; the room. Even though we were informed that the room got &quot;the ozone&quot; treatment you could still smeel the smoke in the room. The upside is that they did have a mini-fridge and coffee maker in the room.	
Feb 17 2009 	Not bad but not particularly good either.	Thankfully it was cheap.This was my first visit to Vegas. I wasn't looking for anything lavish, but I expected a little more from a Downtown Vegas hotel.The room was bigger than I had expected and it was clean, so that was good. The beds were made nicely, the floors were clean and the bathroom and all its fixtures were clean and there were plenty of towels.The beds were not all that comfortable. The very small TV was probably 15 years old and the picture was green. When the cold water was turned on to a certain pressure, the pipes in the walls made a very annoying sound.The elevators were a serious fault to me. The North Tower that I stayed in has 6 elevators, but 2 of them are reserved for hotel services, leaving 4 small, slow elevators for all the guests of the tower. Each time I needed an elevator, there was a painfully long wait and the small elevators were nearly always packed full of 10-12 people at a time. There was a bit where I had to go downstairs a few times within an hour or so. Each time I got an elevator, it was the same one, making me think it was the only one running, on a busy Saturday night no less. I heard complaints from probably 10 other guests on the elevators about how ridiculously slow they were. If you're going somewhere and have a certain time to be there and you have to pass through a Plaza elevator, be sure to give yourself an extra 20 minutes just in case.The Plaza's Lucky 7 Buffet ($7.77) was horrible as well. I only found 2 items that were edible. The rest of the slop they were serving I wouldn't feed to a stray dog. Main Street Station just 1 block north of the Plaza has an excellent buffet for only $7.99.For the price, it wasn't all too bad, but for being a major spot in Vegas, I did expect more from it. Next time I go to Vegas I'll budget a little more for the room and stay at one of the nicer hotels on the Strip.	
Jan 13 2009 	Great Value	The Plaza Hotel is not a palace, or even close to it. If you're looking for a luxurious experience, go somewhere else. But if you just want a basic, clean room in downtown Las Vegas to sleep in, this place is for you.I've stayed here maybe 10 times in the last 15 years. I won't say I've never had a room with problems, but that's the exception rather then the rule. The rooms are medium size to large (but not suites). They are basic but clean and the beds are good. The bathrooms are small but everything works (usually). The 1 or 2 times I had a room with major issues like a running sink or a window that wouldn't close, I was moved to a better room (there are over 1000 rooms here).There are 2 towers. The South Tower is the cheaper one, I just had a room there for $35/night. You can pay a little more and stay in the North Tower. I've stayed in both and there's not much difference.The buffet is $7.77 and runs all day. It's not the best one in Vegas but it's worth $7.77 and you get filled up. In the bars, beers are $2 and so are many mixed drinks. There is a sports bar overlooking Fremont Street with rock bottom drink prices. I think the casino's pretty good too. I've come away a winner more than once.I didn't turn on the small TV because I don't go to Vegas to watch TV, I go to gamble and party.If you're a picky person or someone who wants to make an impression on your group, stay somewhere else. If you want a clean basic room for a great low price, go to the Plaza. I love it.	
Jan 2 2009	Its downtown....	To begin, lets get this straight. Fremont street and downtown las vegas is where it all started. so, with that said of course it is going to be older. The plaza is a good place with friendly staff. Yes, the rooms are old but they are fine, especially because it is no more than a place so sleep and take a shower. And the rates are really low. i got 4 nights for $18 a night. The downfall was the elevator situation on the north tower. only two work and sometimes there were long lines and some times you could get right on. but it was a little frusturating. over all, for the price this a good deal. older but more than fine.	
Dec 29 2008 	Awful Experience	To start off we had a long wait in line to check in, not because it was busy but because they only had 2 people working. Then the room they gave us had not been made up, so we had to go down and switch rooms, the second room had not been made up either, we had to go down and switch rooms again!!! The tv's in each of these rooms had very poor reception and only the remote in our final room actually worked. We had no hot water for our entire stay, at best we had luke warm to cold showers. The second night we returned to our room to find that our key cards would not work, had to make another trip to the front desk for new key cards. We ended up cutting our trip short by 2 days because we could not stand spending another night in this horrible hotel.	
Dec 24 2008 	A basic room in an interesting location	I went to vegas to walk around alot and see things. I had never stayed downtown before so this was a neat experience. I used the room for sleeping and watching TV when I got tired of walking. If you like to read, bring your own light bulb as like most hotels they put those dim compact flouresent bulbs in all the light sockets. Early Dec is a dead time in vegas with few crowds so my experience may not be typical. Easy check in with my hotwire reservation, no extra fees at all. Fremont Street experience was really fun. I liked the tribute to rock/n/roll every hour. The old Omaha louge is gone along with the Filipino family of entertainers. Over towards the front of the casino they have a much larger entertainment area. Kind of a motown or platters type group and a BJ pit that supposably has &quot;beauties&quot; dealing. The &quot;beauties&quot; had a lot of miles on them, but that is part of the charm of being downtown.Free parking in there ramp. Clean basic rooms. I stayed in the south tower and had a nice view of the strip in the distance. Room is old and not renovated but larger than most hotel rooms. A nice choice to stay downtown inexpensively.	
Dec 17 2008 	Nice anyway but Excellent for the price.	My room was in the north tower over looking Freemont lights. 9th floor offered a great view. any higher might limit the view. The parking garage is by the south tower so I had to walk through the casino. The room was large and clean. No smell. No bugs. The bathroom was a little small but ok. Water was hot and the high pressure and water volumn is why it stands in the tub a little while showering. The staff was very friendly and accomadating. The buffet was the best of all I tried. The dealers was helpful and fun. I'm a total novice but felt comfortable there. Downfalls was only 2 or 3 elevators was working and there was always a little wait time. Overall, I think it's a great place for the money. Excellent location for walking to downtown attractions. I visited the Rio and it was fancy but the buffet was twice the cost with bland food and the waitress was unfriendly. I was hounded by time share salespeople. I had to walk a country mile to get to it and everybody seemed so unhappy. Hope this helps. Thanks	
Nov 12 2008	Adequate fine normal	A big clean room for around $30 or $40 is good enough for me. It is a place that I might stay with friends or someone who I was not trying impress. The television and A/C unit looked really really old, but they both worked fine. The people at the check in desk were very polite also. I had a rather nice view of the Strip from my window too.	
Nov 11 2008 	Disgusting and Gross	This hotel really is disgusting!! I had read some of the reviews for this property before I booked it, but I also thought we had rooms at a nice time share property through a family member and The Plaza has a great cancellation policy. (up to 3pm the day of your arrival)We stayed the weekend of November 7th &amp; 8th.The moment we walked into the property - IT STUNK!!!!! The offensive smell was something between dead bodies and feces and rotting food and stale smoke?!?!?!?!???? Of the 4 or 6 elevators, only 2 work - and those BARELY!!! Every single wait for an elevator is at least 10 minutes and I really mean that is the very very very least.The room we had was supposedly a &quot;Deluxe&quot;. Yeah, right. The shower in the small stinky bathroom had a hole in the ceiling, the tile around the faucet was dirty and broken. The raggedy, dirty &quot;closet&quot;, with a rickety rusty bar to hold clothes, was really in the bathroom too. The room was dark and dingy and we were honestly afraid to touch anything.This is a seriously gross place. I know, I know, people keep saying you get what you paid for, but I think maybe this place is even dirtier and may stink more than the Greyhound Bus Station there adjacent to the hotel. (which attracts some very interesting people...) Never stay here. Spend a few extra bucks (please! you deserve it) and go somewhere, anywhere else!!!!!!	
Nov 10 2008 	What I expected!!	We originally were going to stay in Vegas for 3 days, however we have a 5 hour drive and decided to go a day early to get a good nights sleep. I decided to book the Plaza Hotel because that's where we stayed as a family since I was an infant. The stay was basically what I expected. The rooms are in much need of cleaning and updating. It took the toilet almost half a second to flush. We got a mini suite which we got for $55. So we got what we paid for. I wouldn't pay much more for it though. Being in downtown was a great experience since it's not so congested and the Fremont Street Experience was great! Well, I think I'll let the pictures tell the story.	
Nov 9 2008 	Pass the Plaza please....	We have just returned from our first trip to Vegas. While overall, our trip was wonderful (Red Rock and Death Valley top the list), when we arrived at the Plaza....well, we felt like we were on that new show &quot;Life on Mars&quot;. Yes, we were thrown back a few decades! Clearly, this hotel has not been renovated since, well, ever. True, we read the reviews and were prepared, knowing this was not the Bellagio or even the Golden Nugget, but our first room was ridiculous. Our room was located in the North Tower---maybe the South is better, not sure....and when walked in we noticed that not only was the window open, it was hanging off due to a broken hinge. We were able to close and lock it, only to turn our attention to the scum on the bathtub, the dirty carpets, and the ashtray and matches left in our non-smoking room. After some discussion with front desk employees, we were given another room. That brings us to customer service, which we found to be less than acceptable. The elevators were broken on our tower, only two out of six worked and with 20+ floors, we waited at least 15 minutes every time we left. Stay here if you are looking for really affordable lodging and don't care about cleanliness. One positive note, their 777 Buffet was pretty good.	
Nov 9 2008 	I deserve more than this!!	I took a weekend trip to Vegas. I was staying at the other hotel, Tuscany Suites (a whole another story). The hotel didnt have vacancy for my last night and I booked at Plaza. It was rated 3* on Expedia. I think it is worth more like half star. The hallways are smelly, old, elevators are old.... old and oldRooms were small, very smallView was good thoughBathroom is the smallest ever!!!Overall, I was very happy that I dont have to stay for more than one night and even that one night, I stayed out as much as I could	
Nov 6 2008 	This Hotel Should Be Torn Down!	We booked 2 Deluxe rooms because when I phoned the hotel they informed me that the deluxe rooms has been refurbished with new carpet and new beds. I put in a request for 1 room to be non-smoking with a king size bed and Fremont street view. When we arrived and got to our room, I found we had 2 old queen beds in a SMOKING room with a view of concrete walls on the opposite side of Fremont street. There was mold in the bathroom, the toilet would keep running and the air conditioner sounded like a jet taking off and the carpets were worn out and full of burn marks. They only had 2 elevators working out of 6 which made it virtually impossible to get up and down from the room. There are no stairs that take you into the lobby only to the outside of the building or to the kitchen of the restaurant! There are no stairs that you can use to go up. The only difference between a standard room and a deluxe room is a fridge which neither of our rooms had. I had to call to get one. I will never stay in this dump again. Spend a little more and go elsewhere.	
Nov 6 2008 	Basic for budget minded	6th visit 1st time stayed downtown. GREAT VISIT. We stayed over weedend when I decided strip prices were ridiculous. I loved the experience. This hotel is very basic. Our room was clean if worn. We had great view of Freemont worth $$. Bath is closet style of 50's-70's. Tiny TV. We only needed a place to crash and this fits the bill! Coffee stand in lobby along with Mcdees, Subway and decent pizza stand. Very easy walk down Freement experience. We did feel it got tiny bit shady at night up by El Cortez. Don't miss going and seeing and eating buffet at Main Street Station. Cool place!! We ate at bellagio buffet later in week after moving to strip and we liked the ambience of MSS better. Golden Nugget had great bloody mary's and real nickel slots. (Thought I missed real $ till my hands got all filthy from nickels) If you go in summer golden nugget has cool pool. The only bad thing with Plaza was horrible slow front desk. Had one person at one point and I swear she was going backwards! Bell desk and concierge were super. We took the tour of canyon that takes copter into and lands then boat ride up river. Worth every $$$!!!	
Oct 30 2008 	Right across from Fremont Street	Me and my girlfriend stayed here for two nights as part of a Las Vegas/Grand Canyon tour in late july 2008. We found it to be quiet a nice hotel.Straight away a great thing was you walk straight out the front of the casino and just across the road is the start of Fremont Street. It is a bit of a distance from the main Las Vegas strip but its easy enough getting taxi's in Las Vegas and if you share a cab with some friends in might be only $4-$7 each.The casino itself seemed extensive though no where near as lively as the more famous ones along the strip, but that didn't really bother me as i didn't really get into the gambling whilst there. There weren't any nightly shows held at this casino either while we were there.The room we stayed in was very nice and looked out over the roof and the pool area. The pool is on the roof and there is of course a bar up there, though it seemed as though the pool was the dumping ground for parents of their kids whilst they were down stairs at the tables or pokies. The aircon in the room worked brilliantly to cool the room down from the outside daytime temp 110 F.Food wise ther is a buffet style restaurant downstairs that was very nice and reasonably priced, as well as a McDonalds and some other food chains.This was my first time to Vegas and i'd say i absolutly loved it and to tell the truth i am kind of glad we didn't stay at a casino on the strip because after spending the evening and nights wandering around the strip it was nice to go back to fremont street where everything seems to be a little less busy and a bit more laidback and have our hotel just across the road.Definitly stay there again!	
Oct 7 2008 	Awesome!	Excellent for the price! A lot friendlier &amp; more to do downtown than on the strip &amp; everything is cheaper . . . including the gambling! We won't stay anywhere else! We're going again this month . . . for the fourth time this year!	
Oct 1 2008	PLAZA	Hi: My friend and I stayed in the Plaza, for four nights, bath tub dripped, I phoned front desk but they never came to fix it, The air conditioner was noisy. We liked to play bingo and they have a bingo hall in the casino,room was clean, played there before so got two nights free but will not stay there again for those reasons.	
Sep 30 2008	great time -had a blast	great staff -comped our breakfast every day -right in the heart of freemont street no odours no grumpy staff-ran into 2 hookers at 5 am -no hassle -also ran into hooker at casers so what -room was huge -beds were clean and comfortable -water hot and good pressure - view of freemont and the pool from our south tower 14th floor room-320 for flight and 3 nights beat that -we had a blast -cant wait to go back stayed sept 25 to 28	
Sep 23 2008 	Great for price paid	We stayed here 3 nights in September 20008 and had no problems or complaints. I found it to be quit good for the reasonable rates. My favorite attributes of the Plaza were the $7.77 buffet ( great food) and having Fremont Street right outside across the street. A reasonable walk away is the bus taking one to the &quot;strip&quot; for $5 per 24 hour ticket. Not bad! All things considered I prefer old Vegas to the often overwhelming &quot;Strip&quot; resorts. The Fremont light show itself is a can't miss.	
Sep 7 2008 	Good value for the unfussy traveller	We managed to get a &quot;petite suite&quot; for $59 for a Friday night stay, and we were more than pleased with the value it represented. Sure, the decor is not spanking new and there is a slight mustiness to the place but trust me it is not half as bad as some of the hotels we went into in Vegas which postively reeked. The room we had (10th floor in the North Tower) had a fantastic view of Fremont St, we could watch the ceiling show from our balcony, and the air conditioning was a little noisy but not something that would stop you sleeping (and you probably need a little noise to drown out the Freemont experience noise which is pretty full on and goes on late into the night!). We loved the swimming pool on the 7th floor, great music playing, loads of sunbeds and a bar. Check in was fairly quick and reasonably personable. Only negatives were the cleaning standards (ie our balcony had been left with cigarette butts on it and the bathroom tiles were not completely mildew free!) and the fact that our balcony door had a faulty lock, which they kept saying they would fix and rather charmingly told us we would not be insured if we left our belongings in the room and they were stolen, but sure this was a one off problem and wouldn't affect most of the rooms. We had already stayed on the strip at the beginning of the trip so didn't miss it but I would say the Fremont St area is quite different to the rest of the strip and only worth staying in once you have experienced what the strip has to offer as it's a relatively small contained area and obviously has a lot less choices of places to eat/drink/gamble/just plain sightsee. But if you want to stay in the Fremont St area it is a good value short stay if you are not too bothered about pristineness and plan to spend most of your time out and about rather than in the room!	
Aug 26 2008 	You get what you pay for!	We stayed here for just one night in March and that was enough. I was nervous about booking it because I had read the reviews on this site. Let me say, I am not picky at all but this hotel was bad. The hotel hallways and room smelled moldy and musty. If you are going to stay there bring airfreshener (we did). Our room looked like something straight out of the 70's. The carpet had stains on it. There was one cushioned chair in the room and it too had many stains on it. The bed was super hard. If you stay on a higher floor, it takes forever to get the hot water up to your room. We overheard a few other couples on the elevator with the same problem. The air conditioner was super loud. Upon check-in, we were warned about walking in the area and also to &quot;becareful&quot; after dark in the parking garage. This area borders a very bad part of town. All in all it was really bad. The only pros were easy check in, bingo on site (if that's your thing), excellent location to walk the &quot;Old Las Vegas Area&quot;, and of course it's dirt cheap!	
Aug 26 2008	Wish we would of skipped this one	We wish we did not stay at this hotel. Our room was very dirty and the staff do not care if we needed a non smoking room.We checked in around 2 A.M. and housekeeping woke usup at 9 A.M. The only thing new in the room was the bedand everything else was old. Front desk staff was notvery nice and stated we do not read customers requestsfor rooms. We are not staying again.	
Aug 26 2008 	You Get What You Pay For	We stayed at the Plaza for a convention in Las Vegas, paying under $100 a night for our room. The rooms were large, but unfortunately hadn't been updated for some time. The hallway carpets had noticeable stains throughout, and the casino itself was on par with lower-end resorts in Las Vegas. Overall, the staff was pleasant and our stay was uneventful. Just be careful when booking; I would not classify the hotel as a classy place or one where you'd want to spend any romantic or memorable vacation. We probably wouldn't stay here again with all the other option in the area.	
Aug 25 2008 	Really bad customer service!	I booked a 2 bedroom suite a month before my arrival date.I arrived at 3 pm and they said my room was not cleaned yet and that there were guests still in the room.I checked again at 5 pm and it still was not ready.I had flown in from Chicago and all I wanted to do was take a shower and rest for awhile. They did not even offer me a courtesy room to do that in. At 7 pm my room was still not ready and all they offered me was two adjoining rooms instead of the 2 bedroom suite. I told them to shove it and went straight to the Golden Nugget where they know how to treat their guests. They also tried to charge me for the rooms after I cancelled.The front desk manager is rude and snotty.Don't stay here!	
Aug 25 2008 	Old 	We booked a total of 12 rooms. Those in the South Tower were just as the website pictures showed. The Noth Tower rooms are TERRIBLE and not what is shown on Website. We had to have some of our guest moved from the North Tower. Front desk was short staffed. Price was great for a last minute but make sure and request the South Tower! Even thhough not all their rooms are the same furniture in the any of the towers. I loved my 2 bedroom suite in the South Tower.	
Aug 22 2008	good price not much else	The hotel is quite old, as all the area. Las vegas was born here in the 20's. People around are usually old, no pretty girls ... but the room is big, the price is good. If you want to save some money, stay here and don't worry ...	
Aug 7 2008 	Good Price Good Hotel	We stayed at the Plaza from July 20-24th 2008. We got an EXTREMELY good bargain! The check-in was easy, right when you walk through the front door. There are 20 floors and we stayed on the 19th. We never had any problems with the elevators. Our room was average...not much different than what you'd expect for the price you're paying. It was pretty outdated and could have benefited from an updated, but it was fine for us. We had two full beds, a tv, small table and chairs and a dresser for furniture. The bathroom area was really cool I thought. The bathroom itself was just a small room with a tub and a toilet. Off the bathroom was a vanity closet area in which you could get ready. We didn't have any problems with the beds being uncomfortable or anything although the pillows sucked. Just cheap pillows, but again for what you are paying, not a big deal.The casino was just like the rest of them. Nothing crazy about it. A few bars, a sport's book, machines, etc. The 777 buffet was extremely good in my opinion and a hell of a deal for $7.77! There was also a McDonald's, Subway, etc. on site for a little variety. There were some questionable characters at the bar in the Plaza later at night. I seen some sleezy women (assumably prostitutes) strolling throught the casino, back and forth scouting it out. Also seen the EXACT same wome later the next day on Fremont street dressed in the EXACT same clothing. The only ODD thing that happened while we stayed at the Plaza was that on the 23rd, I was sitting on the bed in our room and my husband was downstairs doing something and the power went out for about a half minute in the room. Hubby said it didn't go out downstairs. Well, later that day, we were both downstairs getting some chow and the power went out AGAIN! But this time it was out for about a half an hour!!! I could not believe it, it was just bazaar! I've never been at a hotel that lost power. The maintenence people were scurrying around talking about taking the stairs to the roof and if finally came back on. When it did, I felt pretty fortunate to be in the lobby at the time and not on the elevators because a bunch of people were stuck on the elevators the entire time. It was an experience, but nothing that would make me think twice about staying there again. These things happen. The Plaza is in a GREAT location. It's right at the very end of Fremont Street. You can walk all the way down to the other end of the canopy and the Deuce picks you up there if you want to ride to the strip. Cab fare FROM the airport to the Plaza was $35. Fare TO the airport from the Plaza was about $42. All in all, I really enjoyed our stay at the Plaza.If you are expecting the Hilton at $30 a night, you won't get it. Go to the Hilton and pay $200 a night and you'll get it.	
Aug 1 2008 	what a dump !	well we arrvied after booking through &quot;Dial a flight.&quot; What a complete nightmare met us.The reception team were great as long as it was female.THE MALES CANNOT BE [--] WITH YOU AT ALL !!!!!We were given a room which hadnt been dusted or hoovered in many months and the toilet didnt work.Went back to complain and didnt get an apology, just given another room numer./ As we travled from London and took about 24 hrs, we were very tired. Got to the new room and it wasnt cleaned from the previous people and were fag buts, (AND WHAT LOOKED LIKE) drugs and many other things on the floor.Went back to complain, after me crying and looking for another hotel on strip, they moved us to a delux room, (STILL NO APOLOGY) although sold as a suite. (we later found this to be a untrue)We didnt eat there at all as werent really interested and just wanted somewhere to sleep. In all honesty, wont stay there again, through lack of Customer Services and too far away from the strip.	
Jul 29 2008 	Excellent Value for the money. I reccomment it!	Old hotel but very comfortable. Great value for the money!	
Jul 27 2008 	Nickelgaye	This was a girls only family trip. Nine of us in all. We stayed for four nights. The casino itself for pretty good. The rooms were not the best but you get what you pay for. We booked through Worry Free Vacations and chose the cheapest hotel because we came to play and all knew that spending time in the room was not a priority. Even though It could have been better. The carpet was nasty so we didn't walk around bare foot. They don't have coffeemakers or room service. The hotel could use a lot of work. I had been to Vegas several times but stayed on the Strip. This was my first time staying on Fremont Street. I absolutely loved it! Everything you need is right there and there is a party on the street every night. I actually felt safer walking Fremont than the strip. Security is everywhere. If you do want to check out the strip it is only about a $15 cab fare away. My sister, our girlfriend and our hubby's are making another trip in October and staying on Fremont. We are stay at the 4 Queens this trip. Read several of the reviews and most seem promising. Like I said, spending time in the room is not our priority.	
Jul 16 2008	RUDE STAFF AND OUTDATED SMELLY ROOM	My second trip to Las Vegas and this time wanted to see downtown so we booked at the Plaza. After checking in with a rude, unprofessional staff person who never smiled and gave us dirty looks, I should have known it was going to only go down hill from there. When we got to our room we found a hole in the wall near the bathroom, stains on the carpet and the toilet was running and would not stop. After spending the whole day out, I really dreaded going back to our room. The only good thing about staying here is it is only walking distance to some really good casinos and an excellent buffet we ate at. Lastly, I should say that when we checked out the staff person who waited on us was very friendly, which was nice as I was afraid we would get the same one who checked us in.	
Jul 10 2008 	Not great really cheap feel to the rooms	I can't complain too much because my husband took me on this trip as a gift and I do appreciate the vacation ... but this is not a nice hotel. The bed was really saggy, and I could feel the springs through the mattress pad. The room was spacious, but the carpet was so dirty looking. The shower had no water pressure, the faucets made a horrible noise when you turned them on, and the furniture also looked dirty. I wouldn't prefer the strip, but in the future I would stay somewhere like Green Valley Ranch -- somewhere that you can sleep away from the chaos and venture into it if you want to.This is a perfect hotel for someone who plans to not be there at all. We got tired and took naps, so we spent some time at the hotel (uncomfortably).	
Jul 8 2008	OUTSTANDING VALUE FOR EXCELLENT DOWNTOWN LOCATION!!	I have to state upfront that for dollars spent, and location, this has to be THE #1 spot in Las Vegas, if you are staying Downtown. My stay at the Plaza was for two days in late June. 2008.My experience at the Plaza was excellent. I had a room on the 8th floor (handicapped room) that was large, with two queen beds, a table and two nice chairs by the window, a long chest with TV on top. (See photos) The bathroom offered an easy enter shower, a sink with vanity, and stool, with plenty of room to get around. The room amenities were more than adequate, with shampoo, body lotion, and soaps, both facial and body. Towels and washcloths were actually fairly thick, and plush, and there were enough every day (3 to 4 of each) to be more than adequate for my needs. Water pressure was excellent here, and the condition of the walls, ceiling, and other amenities were all in very good condition. Nothing fancy here.. the carpet could stand to be replaced, but from what I could tell, the Plaza is undergoing renovation now. While I was there, they were replacing carpet in the elevator bays, and.. compliments to them, they did not shut the elevators down while doing so. You just &quot;stepped over&quot; and proceeded on your way. I will also say that the Plaza had the fastest elevators... both going, and waiting for, that I've ever seen in Las Vegas. My longest wait would have been 20-30 seconds! No kidding! I ate at their buffet several times, and found that for $7.77 the value could not be beat. I had to wait in a line one time, and that was about a 10 minute wait. They had a live carving station, and.. a section on Chinese Food, and also Dessert Bar that I never got to, because I was satisfied with the main food station!Finding a dinner buffet in Las Vegas for $7.77 per person without coupons (and there are sometimes 2-for-1's available) this value is without question. There would not be the quantity of food you would find on a $20-$30 buffet, BUT.. the food was quite tasty, and better than anything I can get at a local buffet in my area. If you are not expecting the quality and quantity of a 5 star hotel, and fancy fancy table linens and such, the Plaza will suit you for at least some of your meals. The early brunch has both breakfast and lunch offerings, and the buffet is open, I believe from 10 am to 10 pm.I enjoyed gambling at this Casino. They have plenty of slot machines, and I had some luck here, as well as at Bingo. Because I was here with a large group that was spread all over Las Vegas, I didn't get to spend as much time as I would have liked here, but there will be other visits. Never even had a chance to sit at a blackjack table, more's the pity.I found the casino help, check in desk, bell staff, and housekeeping were competent and friendly, all well above what I would have expected. Look for bigger and better things here, but if it never improves, and stays just as it is, I can guarantee that I'll be back. I will also add that the Plaza hosts the only downtown Bingo available, and.. I thoroughly enjoyed attending multiple sessions, and had some good luck~!! There is a free beverage station for coffee, juices, and soda and tea open at all sessions, so you don't have to grab coffee before you get there!!!Expect to see me again, Plaza. And I look forward to seeing the improvements I've heard are coming!!!!	
Jun 30 2008 	Great stay at the Plaza	I booked this hotel for $28.00, I booked a petite suite, but upon check in they offered me an upgrade to the Penthouse Suite!! The room was huge, 2 queens beds, a Bar, living area and a sizable bathroom. The room did show it's age, the furniture was chipped / scratched, but very clean. I recall the carpet was light pink and so thick you stepped into it! This was my second stay at the Plaza and I would have no problem going back.	
Jun 30 2008 	Good deal at the Plaza	I think the Plaza gets a bad rap.I thought that for the price it is a great deal.Rooms are large and clean.Staff is friendly,location is good.We even saw The Rat Pack show there.Not my thing but my wife really enjoyed it(gotta keep um happy),but don't buy your tix there go to 4 Queens and save a few(50) bucks.At times there was a long wait for the elevator, but who cares?Overall a very good experience&gt;	
Jun 21 2008 	Great for the money - more improvements coming	If you want glitz and glamour, go pay $$$$ and stay on the strip. Yes, this place is old. But for the money you pay, it is perfect if you want a getaway to party and gamble. Some rooms are better than others, but they are all large (except for the bathrooms). Some recent improvements include the new lounge they opened on the casino floor which has live entertainment most nights for free. They were also getting ready to open the new check in desk now on the first floor directly in front of the main doors. I'm sure that will make many people happy. They were having elevator problems while I was there, and a couple of the north elevators were out of service while they waited for parts. A minor inconvenience that should be fixed by now. In all the times I've stayed here I've never had a problem getting drinks whenever I wanted one, and they tend to make them stronger than most places. Just be sure to give the waitress a tip ($1) and she'll be back often. Like I said, just don't expect the glitz of the strip, but you won't pay the price either. This is old Las Vegas and the Plaze gives you that feeling.	
Jun 21 2008 	All in all - it's bearable...	Paid a little extra to get a view of Freemont street (nice view). Room was not bad. Beds were clean; carpet clean; and windows clean.Bathroom was unacceptable. Shower had darkened material along tile edges and base - which looked like mold. Floor was cracked and carpet near sink was torn.The entertainment was SUPERB !!! I strongly suggest going to see the &quot;Viva Las Vegas&quot; performance (done in the afternoons). At night they have &quot;The Rat Pack&quot; -- which has a live band and is GREAT. Both of these shows are not too expensive - and WELL WORTH the money$$$. Let's face it, you get the hotel you pay for... The Plaza seemed to be packed - therefore maybe they're not seeing a/the need for remodeling. All in all, I really can't complain too much...	
Jun 16 2008 	Outstanding value and top notch service!	We stayed at the Plaza for 7 nights in November 2007 and 7 nights in February 2008. On both occasions we were extremely pleased with our overall experience at the Plaza from beginning to end. We have been to Vegas several times and used to always stay on the Strip. But in Nov 07 we decided to try staying on Fremont and are we ever glad we did. The atmosphere downtown is far more fun and friendlier than on the Strip. Our days of staying on the Strip are done...downtown is where its at. One of the main reasons we enjoy downtown far better than the strip is the hotel/casino staff. We experienced good, friendly service at all the downtown casinos, but the Plaza staff is second to none. Every staff member we encountered at the Plaza provided us with friendly, quick, and efficient service. Here are just a few examples:- Housekeeping always kept our room spotless and handled any special requests we had quickly and with a smile on their face;- Bar and cocktail service is super fast, as good as any in Vegas, and better than most. And, icing on the cake, the staff are all very friendly;- Dealers, table games and slot attendants are helpful and friendly. They are happy to take the time to explain games you may not know that well, actually root for you to win, and seem genuinely happy when you do. In short the Plaza staff make you feel like a valued customer and person. Basically they act as if it is their job and duty to ensure that you have the most fun and best Las Vegas experience possible. As for the hotel itself, we've always found our rooms to be clean and with everything in satisfactory working order. They have all the necessary amenities that we require. I might add that both times we stayed their we were with groups of 8 people so we had 4 rooms between us. All our traveling companions were satisfied with their rooms and had no problems. I won't tell you to expect the ultimate in world class 5 star plus swank when staying at the Plaza. Let's remember you are not staying at one of those $500 a night rooms at some of the places on the Strip. However, I can say, in my opinion, if you want to stay in a decent hotel, with clean rooms, a comfortable bed, a fun atmosphere, and great service, the Plaza offers probably the best value for your money in Las Vegas. We, like most people we know, don't go to Vegas to hang out in the rooms. What we primarily want in a Vegas hotel room is one that is clean and comfortable and has all the basic amenities. At the Plaza you will get that. But you will get it for a very good price and with great all around service from the staff. The last couple of things I'll comment on are the pool and the eating establishments.The Plaza is one of the few downtown hotels that offer a pool. While its not as swanky as some of the Strip pools its big enough to serve it's purpose and there is plenty of room for sun tanning and relaxing in the loungers. Of the pools in the downtown hotels it's probably the 2nd nicest.The Plaza offers a wide variety of eating establishments, from very informal/inexpensive to buffets, to fine dining. We've tried them all and we've always enjoyed our meals at any of the Plaza's establishments and never experienced any problems. The buffet is a extremely reasonable $7.77 for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. All in all our 2 stays at the Plaza were our best 2 trips to Vegas. We've already booked another trip there and we plan to stay there from now on.	
Jun 11 2008 	Great place to sleep.	Yes, the check-in desk is on the 3rd floor, and can be hard to find. Yes, the furniture is a little worn and dated. One of the lamps in my room didn't work, and we saw cables and cords going under the door to the adjacent room. On the other hand, the room was huge, the bathroom was small but still very functional. The window in my room actually opened (it appeared that there were some attempts made to prevent these windows from opening) onto a faux balcony. (I wouldn't call a balcony only 1 foot wide a balcony, although someone had left a glass out there.) The room was clean, and the maid was friendly.This is vegas. You will not, or so the casinos hope, be spending too much time in your room. After you get back from gambling and the shows at 1am, the beds are plenty comfortable for a few hours sleep before going out again.The Plaza has a McDonalds on the first floor if you are not feeling to adventurous for breakfast after the late night.The location is excellent if you are interested in the older strip, Fremont St. Just walk out the front door of the hotel, cross the street, and you're there. Although the new strip is a bit of a walk, I found that walking there is still faster than the bus. Anything is faster than the &quot;duce bus&quot;. Your granny could beat the bus there using her walker. Avoid the &quot;duce bus&quot;. Take a cab, or check the other bus routes in the area.One tip - ask for additional toilet paper. You may be sleeping when the maid stops by, and miss your chance for a refill.	
Jun 5 2008 	heart of downtown	arrived at the plaza from san fran, check-in wasn't easy to find...it's on the 3rd floor but once we found it, we were soon checked into our room for 10 days. our room was at the rear of the hotel, overlooking a carpark and the railway lines. that didn't bother us as we were just sleeping there. you could see the stratosphere in the distance. it was big enough, with 2 double beds, tv, bathroom, dining table&amp;chairs, etc. it was clean and that's all we ask for. the plaza has the 777 buffet ($7.77) which was ok, edible but not spectacular and the sports bar which overlooks freemont street. it also hosts the viva las vegas show which is free if you join the players club, and it was a really good show we thought. there is also a stage in the casino with groups/singers on (they were pretty good too). nice to sit in the cosy chairs next to the bar and watch for an hour or so. it has a pool (never too busy) on the 5th floor, along with tennis courts and a running track and small gym (which we didn't use!)the casino is smaller than the ones on the strip, but it was nice and friendly. walk out of the hotel, across the road and you are in the middle of downtown. the deuce bus stop is about 5mins walk down freemont/LV boulevard. for the price we paid, it was excellent value for money. we thoroughly enjoyed our stay there.one downside; during the night you can hear the trains going past, and the trains are so long (very very long) the noise seems to go on forever!	
Jun 4 2008	Vive Las Vegas	...While entertainment and dining options in Vegas have become less of a bargain than they were in the '90s, we found the afternoon variety show last week at The Plaza hotel downtown very satisfying. Comedy, magic, a little risque dancing and singing - for $10 (free, if you are registering for their slot players' club card for the first time). ...The selection of restaurants and food counters in the building provided a nice mix of affordability with specialty - quite refreshing on this, our tenth visit to Sin City from New York. All in all, we agreed to consider staying at The Plaza on a future trip. ...We have been hooked on The Orleans during the past ten years for all of the same reasons, but have found Red Rock, the SunCoast, the South Point and Silverton establishments also trying hard to appeal to us 'common folk'. The Palazzo and The Wynn are truly astounding - as The Encore, Fontainebleau and The City Centre will surely be, but just how many thousands of visitors can justify hundreds of dollars nightly for their accommodations?	
May 28 2008 	Very nice place to stay	Our stay at the Plaza Hotel and Casino was a very pleasant one and we would gladly do it again.The hotel is one of the older ones in Las Vegas and the rooms are showing their age. But they were clean, no offensive odors of any sort and the staff was very friendly. It is at the end of Fremont Street and very close to all the entertainment. My only complaint was the length of the check-in. It is at 3:00 PM and there was a very long line, and there were not enough staff to speed things along. There were 10 windows and only 4 to check everyone in. Next time we will arrive much earlier and see if we can pre-check-in to avoid the crush of people. Even though they were overloaded the staff was freindly and made as quick a check-in as they could. We waited in line about 45 minutes. On the plus side they are remodeling the check-in on the first floor and this might have comtributed to the delay.With our players card we were comped to a free show, Viva Las Vegas, it was very entertaining and would have gladly paid for it. A very well done show. When we left to come home we went to the Players Card window. We did not have enough points to get any big prizes but they comped both the wife any my self to $20 each to use in the gift shop. We were both supprised and got some great stuff to bring home with us.Our next trip to Las Vegas will be at the Plaza. Our experience there was most enjoyable and would not hesitate to stay there again.	
May 27 2008 	Ya Not worth the little you will spend!	Ok, so we spent 2 nights on the strip at Hooters (Fun Place) and then ventured down town to the Plaza.... We tried to check into our hotel early, No luck.. OK so we checked our bag with the bell man and came back at 2:30.. Still no luck, we checked back at 3pm our room was still not ready.. the lady at the front desk gave us a diffrent suit looking into the strip, Ok... I wanted the the freemont view, thats what I had paid for. By the way the staff was no help and not friendly or in a hurry to help with ANYTHING! We got to our room and I was Dingy, Dirty and the bathroom was seriously Small, OLD, OLD, OLD... Oh ya and the sink backed up on me! Don't waste even the smallest amount of money on this place go down the street and stay at the Golden Nugget!	
May 27 2008 	About what I expected	The hotel is nothing fancy, it is an older hotel next to the old downtown Vegas (Fremont Street) NOT near the Strip. I stayed one night on Memorial Day weekend because I wanted somewhere cheap to crash that wasn't too far from stuff to do. (I spent more on the gas from southern CA and back than I did on the room!) Having read some good and some bad reviews before booking, I spent $10 extra to get a &quot;high floor strip view&quot; deluxe room. The room was large, it was 1550 in the south tower, and it did have a good view of the strip if you're interested in that. Non-smoking room didn't particularly smell (I've had worse ones in Vegas), no plumbing problems like other people had, hot water was fine, shower head height was fine. The bathroom was small, but at least the sink was separate from the toilet/shower. The space to hang clothes was smallish and was part of the bathroom rather than a separate closet with a door, but there was an ironing board and iron. No hairdryer or coffee maker, plastic cups, only 2 soaps and a small shampoo/conditioner combo, no lotion or shoe shine or anything. The beds were older and low to the ground, but I slept ok. The air conditioner was very loud cycling on and off, but otherwise the room was quiet. Others had mentioned reception is on the third floor but this is no longer true. However, it is on the opposite side of the hotel from the parking (valet and self park are both next to the bus stop). I would drop bags in the circle by Fremont St and park later. The south tower is by the parking, the North tower is by Fremont St. and the reception area and most of the food. The front desk wasn't labeled and there was no queue as such, but even on a holiday weekend it wasn't too busy. There was the buffet and fast food but I didn't eat at any of the places there. Yes the area around the hotel was slightly sketchy but it's Vegas! There will be sex shops around especially in downtown! Honestly if you aren't comfortable with sex shops and nudity don't go to Vegas at all or leave the kids at home. Overall it was good for a cheap place for party people to crash for a few hours, bad for a weeklong romantic trip/spa trip/place to relax in the room for a while. You get what you pay for, and I was satisfied.	
May 26 2008	Plaza hotel- Great stay	We have stayed at the Plaza for the last ten years. There is much improvement. The casino bathrooms are redone, the 777 buffet is not best but is far from horrible. We had hot water and the tub drained. Our maids were excellent and I mean excellent. This is not a four star hotel and if this is what you want, don't book it. The pool area now has a bar which it never did. We always ask if we will stay here again, and after this year the answer is yes. The only problem and I hope that they correct it soon is that there are 6 elevators in the north tower- only 2 were working. These elevators are shared with the maids and other hotel employees They were not happy. Neither were the hotel quests as you had to wait sometimes ten minutes. Other than that our rooms were clean and our stay was much better that we have had in our last stays over the last 10 years. Our room was on the six floor overloking Freemont Street which was worth it's weight in gold.	
May 20 2008 	Avoid Staying at the Plaza	Stayed in this hotel when our flight home was canceled and other hotels we contacted were full. I would never stay here again. Hotel has 6 elevators but only two worked, so there was a perpetual wait of 10 to 15 minutes. Hallways smelled somewhere between musty and mildly urine soaked. One hallway had someone sleeping in it. The room was poorly furnished - old, tired and not too clean. Carpet was stained; bedspread had some cigarette burn holes. Toilet leaked unless you reached in the tank and adjusted the mechanism; no engineer available to make repair. Room lacked basic amenities: hair dryer, clock, kleenex.Staff was often curt. Only offered information if asked a specific question.	
May 15 2008 	Nice Casino 	We read a few of the other reviews but hoped a suite would be a nice room. The room was very clean but looked like it was 20 yrs old. The carpet was very stained, the cabnets were completly scratched up with some of the trim lifted and missing, the couch cushions sagged 4 inches in the middle and no one had sat on them yet, The air conditioners were very noisy, the bathroom had paint peeling and the fixtures are rusty, and no coffee maker in a suite??. The wireless was slow and frustrating, it was down on and off about 50%. On the upside the room was very clean and the maid service was first rate, we had great water pressure, and the fridge worked great. The casino and every place we ate was clean and first rate. We gave it a try, we got a great price, but we are back to staying at the Golden Nugget.	
May 14 2008 	Bad but not horrible	I read up on the hotel before booking and figured that no hotel in a major tourist area could really be that bad. Plus the $48 price I paid for a Friday night in Vegas couldn't be beat. First off, the hotel lobby smelled badly of Marijuana and everyone working there acted as if the smell didn't exist. Was upgraded to a so-called mini suite. The room had an uncomfortable king size bed, a table with 2 chairs and another chair. The room was huge, and that plus the fridge were the only upsides to this room. The carpet was old but not overly dirty, and the faucet made a loud high pitched humming noise whenever you turned on the hot water. The tub was stained with dirt to the point where i wouldn't even shower. I did whatever washing i had to do from the sink, and waited until the next morning at the next hotel to shower. The view of the Fremont Street Experience was amazing. That alone was worth the $48 price. I probably would have complained and asked for a room at another property, but I had spent the entire day at the Grand Canyon and didn't check into the hotel until around 10pm, and was immediately going back out for the night.It is a decent place if you are only going to be dropping your stuff off and using it to get in and out of the heat. If you get a cheap price like I did, then it is a great bargain, but I would probably pay more and stay elsewhere.	
May 12 2008 	No complaints!	I've seen quite some poor comments on this hotel, which I cannot understand.Although the bathroom was pretty small, it was good usable.Room was huge, with clean carpet and very comfy beds.Nice view from the window.For the price we paid ($145 incl. taxes for 3 nights, one of which was on a Friday), you cannot get better.Down Town Vegas is much nicer to stay then the Strip: more on a human scale + easier to park.The same goes for the Las Vegas Club hotel where we stayed in the past. For that one there are poor comments as well, which I didn't experoience.	
May 10 2008 	nice improvements	my husband and i have been going to vegas just about every year for the last 15 years. almost always we stay at the plaza. this past march we were pleasantly surprised to find that the plaza has made many improvements. they have a new lounge called the aqua lounge and it had terrific live music and a great atmosphere. it is locate where the broken escalators once were. the plaza also remodeled the casino restrooms and they look awesome. this trip we decided to talk to a casino host in booking our room. we always use the players card here so we wanted to see what they could offer us. we were amazed. we requested to be upgraded from a standard room to a deluxe. the deluxe rooms have newer furniture and are nicely decorated. and its a small extra charge for a nicer room. the host comped us the deluxe room for 3 of our 5 night stay. when we arrived there, the host actually upgraded us to a 2 room suite! it was great! the bed was so comfortable, and room was very clean. the pool had since been remodeled also. the only dislike was the buffet. very small and blah. we walked down to main street station and they have an awesome buffet for about the same price. and it was huge! we ate at mcdonalds alot late at night because it was cheap and convienant. they were slow but food was good. we also tryed the new sports bar up in the dome. its very comfy with view of fremont street experience however you can't hear the experience. we still think the staff should take lessons from the walt disney staff. most wait staff and restaurant staff were the least friendly and acted like we were inconviencing them. (you'd think they'd want tips?) the front desk and housekeeping were extremely nice and helpful. also we saw the viva las vegas show and it was only 5 bucks each (with player card). awesome for the price. my husband tipped the seating usher $10.00 going in and we had our choice of seat. of course we took the round booth up front. the showroom is old las vegas which we love! we prefer downtown to strip because we can see alot and walk and drink and its easy to get to a bathroom. also love the drinks at the bayou. refills are 1/2 price. slots seem looser too. (we did go to the strip twice during the daytime, it was long and tiring and expensive.) i recommend going downtown over the weekend vs weekdays. there is live music and stunt shows. more entertaining. at the end of our stay the casino host comped our entire stay (based on players card play) and comped us a limo to the airport. (usually $50) also we each got $20 at the gift shop and food comps which we could use at the vegas club or plaza. it really pays to use the players cards! of course this hotel is not as classy at say the golden nugget or any hotel on the strip, but it was clean and comfy and the right price.	
May 9 2008	2ns woest hotel i ever stayed at	This stay was a nightmare. i wish I could post the photos of my backed up dirty bath tub, hair in the bed, glass on the floor, filthy vents and arrogant staff and hotel manager.i am not sure, but i thought i felt a bug or two in the bed.i will add photos laterThe sports bar does not comp , no ,matetr how much sports betting one does, my player card did not work. Scammers at the bar and annoying ladies of evening	
May 8 2008 	faded glory	Stayed there 3 times in the past 5 years and each time it is increasily shabby. Poor water pressure, rooms clean but not kept up structurally, requested non-smoking room but put in smoking room. There was an alarm clock in the room but not plugged in; had to call housekeeping to move the bed because we could not find a plug. There is a big &quot;pardon our dust&quot; sign in the downstairs main area but not sure what is being remodeled. Obviously not the rooms.	
May 7 2008 	Reasonable hotel but better to stay on The Strip	Eventhough our room was a non-smoking room it smelt real bad of old smoke. The room itself was a little shabby but very big and a great view of Las Vegas.The Staff were a little unhelpful at the reception and if you walked left out of the hotel you would very quickly encounter some unsavoury characters but that's the Old Town for you!Pool area was good but there were no way near enough loungers so had to lay on a towel on the concrete!All in all, it was ok and we got a good deal so I was not too upset - it probably would have been great back in its hey day.	
May 6 2008 	A pleasant surprise	I booked this hotel through Hotwire, and was horrified to read the latest reviews of it here. Hotwire (and other such sites) are definitely guilty of &quot;star inflation&quot;...a google search will bring up many people and websites that complain about it. Hotwire gave it three stars, many of the latest reviews of the Plaza made it sound like THE nightmare hotel of all time...urine leaking through the ceilings, rashes and bug bites from the bedding, vagrants in the casino, etc, etc. I contacted my credit card company to dispute the charge, and was told there was nothing they could do. I was prepared to endure this hell hole (on the way to a backpacking trip at the Grand Canyon) and then write a brutal report on Hotwire and the hotel. I got to the hotel, and mistakenly said I was booked for a non smoking room in the south tower (heard on this site the North tower was best?) We got to the room expecting the worst, and it honestly was'nt too bad! I have stayed in many Vegas hotels for a convention I've gone to over the last nine years, including some four and five stars. Maybe a two star room and hotel, a little wall paper peeling and some older furniture, but much better than many of the latest reports here. I'm very sensitve to smoke, and the room had none, some hallways and the casino were the usual Vegas second hand smoke nightmare. So...not sure if my experience can be expected by all, and I would take the advice of others here about which tower to stay in, but for the price I might even stay there again!	
Apr 30 2008 	Never again!!!!	If I wanted a smoking room, I would have asked for a smoking room. That was how our stay began that fateful night! Thinking we would get a little reprieve from the strip we decided to stay downtown. Little did we know that the hotel has not had one single upgrade since I stayed there 20 years ago! It was atrocious! The shower curtain rod was held up with a bar of soap. The floors were rotted out, there was writing on the bed spread and the furniture seriously looks like something you would find at a garage sale. No TV. And the place is just broken down. I have never stayed at a hotel so defunkt in my life. Never will we stay there again. True disappointment when we lwere leaving and walked by a room where a gentleman had pulled back all of the covers and sheets at the foot of a bed, had a mask on his face and was spraying some sort of chemicals! I ran out of the hotel as fast as I could at that moment!!!	
Apr 22 2008 	downtown vegas	Stayed 4/16-21 as part of family reunion. 1st time to Vegas and other family members stayed here before. Had 5 rooms reserved but I came in 2 days early. Sister called and talked to hotel personaly Mon before arrival and was assured our rooms would be together in North Tower. Checked in @ Midnight and was sent to South Tower. Told that requests were not guaranteed. Room in South Tower dingy, drippy faucet, very soft mattress, lighting not bright. But did have hair dryer, iron, and great view of downtown. Requested a move next day and was accomadated, in fact given several keys and told to go and pick one out. Enjoyed stay after move to North Tower. McD's, and Seattle Coffee for breakfast as bufet not good. Hot dog stand for 1/2 lb dog w/ chili &amp; cheese for $2.99 fantastic for lunch. Drinks are small but potent. Had to wave money in air to get bartender's attention. Did not really gamble here as casino is old and smelly of old stale smoke but did have nice sports book. Best location of any downtown hotel and fast friendly valet service.Go to Binion's after 11pm for best steak and eggs in all of Vegas!!!	
Apr 10 2008 	Beds made of concrete!	VERY worn out and old, dingy, ugly room (but huge.) NO HAIR DRYER!!! Flat pillows. Bed made of concrete. Carpets throughout hotel are badly worn and SORELY in need of replacement. Slot machines are set on &quot;inhale&quot; (only take in, don't give out.) DO join their preferred club (they have a prize for signing up). I saw a transient come in off the street, park his backpack on the floor behind some chairs in the lobby (3rd floor) and proceed to stretch out on the floor to go to sleep. Ugh! I pointed him out to the hotel desk clerk; she just looked at me like &quot;what do you want me to do about it?&quot; They do have bingo (smoky in there, no separate seating for non-smokers). Buffet is crap. But they do have a McD's and a Subway, so that's cheap eats I can live with. Wished I'd paid more for a better hotel. Unless you stay at the Golden Nugget or Binion's, everything else downtown is awful. Would definitely not stay here again! New mgmt just bought the place, construction on 1st floor. Could explain poor attitudes of staff.	
Apr 7 2008 	Disgusting! Do Not Stay At This Dump!	I received this hotel through Priceline and thought it was going to be similar to other 3 star hotels we have stayed at since it was listed as a 3* on their website. I cannot say enough about what a disgusting dump this property is! My family stayed here for a week-end and wish we would have spent a little more money to stay at a nicer place. We were put in the south wing. I guess there are two different towers at this place. The room had a terrible stench from the moment we walked in. The bedding looked like it hadn't been replaced for 30 years and there was make-up on our pillowcases. We were afraid to go to bed so we stayed in the casino for as long as we could. I called the front desk to see if they could move us but they said we would have to pay for a upgrade to the other wing. What a joke! I then called several hotels to see if we could get a room somewhere else, but they were all booked. Weekends are really busy in Vegas so don't plan to get a room at the last minute unless you want to pay the big bucks. We had a chair in our room and it was so stained, dirty and ripped that we didn't even want to get close to it. The toilet was clogged the entire time we were there. The pipes squeeled when you turned on the water. There's no water pressure in the shower or sink because it dripped the entire time we were there. There were holes in the wall and the carpet was stained and ripped. The walls were so thin that we could hear the people in the next room snoring, using the toilet and could repeat their entire conversations. The casino stank, and there are hookers and homeless people everywhere! Do yourself a favor and spend a few more dollars and stay somewhere else. Make sure you do more research before you use Priceline so you're not stuck with this gross place!	
Apr 5 2008 	I would rather sleep in my car than this hotel again!	WARNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Do NOT stay at this hotel, unless you like paying over $100 a night to stay in filth. We changed rooms 3 times and still were not satisfied. We were even ready to say heck with the $300 we paid lets find another hotel but there was a convention in town and we could not get another room. The amenities if you can even call it that were horrible. For example, you have to walk through their 3rd floor (smoking floor) just to get to the elevators. Once you get to your room you will find an outdated 1970's theme complete with stained carpets, holes in the furniture, bad patch jobs (to cover holes in walls). I have to tell you people I didnt even dare take my shoes off. One of the rooms the hot water didnt work, there were dark yellow staines on the ceiling and the chairs had stuffing coming out of them.We eventually moved to a &quot;renovated suite&quot; YEAH right! It was just a larger rendition of the same crappy room. The bed felt like you were sleeping on the floor, which might have been a reasonable alternative if it was not so dirty! Save your money, even if this is the only hotel available in Las Vegas you will be more comfortable in your car using a truck stop restroom.	
Mar 31 2008 	It all depends on the room!	I chose this place because the hotel I usually like to stay was extremely expensive during spring break. Our flights arrived at 9PM and we arrived at the hotel about 10PM. We had reserved a nonsmoking room with two beds. The front desk clerk advised that they were already booked and that our reservation was only a request. At 10PM, we were not likely to find another hotel and this room was prepaid. The Plaza had us! As my partner and I walked into our room it was old, smoky and the carpet was stained as well as the linens, and furniture upolstery. This was 302 and it has the distinction to be located next the the elevators and overlooked a roof that rarely gets cleaned. The television worked and the bed was firm.I approached the front desk at 7AM and asked to be moved to a nonsmoking room. I was not treated kindly or politely but curtly told that I would &quot;have to come back at 1PM and make the request.&quot; After explaining that I would be away all day, I asked to be put on a list, and in fact offered to remove my luggage so that they could ready the room for a smoker. I was told that maybe I &quot;could call but dont count on anything.&quot;As a customer this does not feel like they have my interests in mind or want to help out.I got back at 3:30PM and saw the wait line of about 12 families and decided not to stand in line. Later, I called and made a request and was told that a non-smoking room was available. We quickly went up to room 1215 and found out that it is a room of the same hotel, but less smelly. In fact the whole floor was smoke-free. The linens appeared newer and smelled fresh.The television came right out of the 70s and the bed was comfortable. We spent the next two nights and enjoyed the hotel a bit more.The casino was low key and very friendly. The bar tenders were quick to keep the drinks full and the players card was good for lower end players. The best part of the hotel was the Seattle's best Coffee stand. The baristas were good, efficient and can make a good coffee. The Bell desk worked well too, and was helpful in calling an airport shuttle.I would return on my own with an early flight into town but not late. I would not return with the wife or anyone I was trying to impress. We purchased room through a package, I would estimate the cost to be about $70 per night.	
Mar 31 2008	Great Location	Just got back from 3 nights at The Plaza and despite some of what you read here &amp; other places, it was a great time. Our group had 4 room (3 adjoining) in the North Tower. Rooms were clean and reasonably well-appointed, although worn. Room size was decent &amp; staff were accomodating. Note: BRING A HAIRDRYER. This is Vegas, 60's style. No extras or frills. No in-room coffee maker. But if you're looking for a fun, affordable spot downtown, this is it. Never felt ill at ease or uncomfortable with entering or leaving the property, even late at night. Hotel security &amp; Fremont Street security do a nice job. The buffet was decent &amp; a Subway &amp; McDonald's onsite came in handy. The coffee shop staff was a bit pokey &amp; lines got long in the a.m., but all in all, I was very pleased &amp; would return to the Plaza. Have fun!	
Mar 30 2008 	It's ok but...	Price was the reason for staying here on March 21 and 22nd. I booked a deluxe room out of fear of the standard rooms. I believe we were on the ninth floor, had a view of Main Street Station.The room was very large. Just old and worn out.Carpet was dark and stll looked dirty.Beds, very hard, pillows ok, sheets were clean.Bath vanity which was outside the bath and toilet, was in good shape, clean, caulking was clean. Bathroom was very small. Bathtub didn't drain well. New rubber mat on bottom of tub. Mold spots on the tile. Tile floor was stained and scratched.Our toilet ran all night, hard to flush. The room was quiet except for the toilet running, shut the door for that. Then there was the train which runs right behind the Plaza, very very noisy. This room was ok for the two nights. I would probably stay here again just for the rates on the weekends, then switch to the Fremont during the week, which was cheaper, which I did.It's right next to the Greyhound bus station. The Plaza has a Seattle's Best Coffee, McDonalds.	
Mar 28 2008 	Decent price decent rooms	Went with a group of friends and decided to book some inexpensive rooms to save money for other activities (like losing it at the blackjack tables). Booked four rooms all next to each other at the Plaza at a very reasonable $80 a piece for the double queen option. Was pleasantly surprised by the overall size of the rooms, one was big enough to fit everyone in our party (9 total) comfortably to watch an early morning college football game. Combined with the opened attaching doors between rooms, it made for a vary spacious environment for everyone to relax in. The bathrooms were rather small though and they had a strangely architectured entryway which is narrower than a regular door's width. Location was pretty good, being at the end of Fremont Street...didn't try out the pool, tennis courts or gym so can't comment on those. Casino was a little on the small side with not a large variety of table games, but ajoining casinos offered some respite to my gambling vices. Didn't try any internal restaurants, but I do recommend making the trip to the Planet Hollywood Casino's buffett...very, very good in my opinion and not too expensive at $28 per person. A fun weekend trip with the guys and would stay here again if another deal came up.	
Mar 25 2008 	Not as bad as people write here!	I have stayed here once. This is one of the more historical hotels in Las Vegas, just next to the greyhound station in Las Vegas downtown. Location is pretty good. The room is very large, even for Vegas standards, a little bit run down but still ok. I found the front desk very helpfull. My room cost me only 33 USD and the buffet is only 6 USD but of good quality alltough it's small and with a limited choice. Prices for breakfast, lunch and dinner are the same.Yes it's a little bit run down and the pool, allthough large, doesn't look very attractive. But it's really a good value for your money. It's more boring then most of the other hotels, yes, but for a traveler on a low budget an excellent choice.	
Mar 25 2008 	Absolute slime	Wow. I needed a room for that night, having booked a morning flight unexpectedly. This place was the only choice I had, but I thought it would be good enough. Wrong. Dust everywhere, ripped carpet, torn wallpaper, water/urine stains on the hollow-core bathroom door, a 17&quot; TV with poor clarity, a broken window, a cigarette burn on the bedspread, and dust/food crumbs/DEAD SPIDERS beneath the head of the bed and the night stand. The lobby had DUCT TAPE holding the carpet together. Are you kidding me? I usually stay at a 3- or 4-star place for business, but I have been driving cross-country before and stayed at a dive in New Mexico, west Texas, and in the midwest, but never before have I experienced such filth. I showered before I left (in the moldy-tiled shower), but felt I needed one after I left. Even the plane that morning was a welcome respite from the filth of this place, and if you can say that about an airplane, something is very wrong.	
Mar 23 2008 	Old and decrepit	I have been traveling for a long time and rarely do I ever complain about a hotel. However, I will make an exception in this case. It was listed as a 3* so we expected it to be clean, well kept but to have very few amenities. Well, it didn't have many amenities, but it was also in terrible condition. The rooms were poorly lit and had old carpets that reeked of cigarette smoke. The bed was uncomfortable and the bathroom although clean was so small that I could barely towel off in it. The hallways were also in terrible condition. In fact, our door had scratch marks like a domestic disturbance had taken place and there were puke stains on the carpet throughout the halls. I did not expect much when I stayed there but given that conditions were the way they were there is little doubt that the Plaza is not where I would ever advise anyone to spend their time or money.	
Mar 2 2008 	Not very good........	We stayed at The Plaza Feb 21st thru the 24th. We had been at Vegas club for the previous 5 nights and would have stayed but for a deluxe room at the Plaza it was much cheaper. We checked in and went to the room. It was a dump it was an old standard room. It was just like it was 15 years ago when I stayed there. We had asked for a view it had none and we had paid extra for a deluxe room because that included a fridge. This room had no fridge. Called down to front desk and was told that this was a deluxe room. I had seen pictures on this website with rooms that had some newer furniture. Finally went back down to front desk was given a new room on the 8th floor overlooking Freemont Street with newer furniture and a fridge. If I had paid for the standard room I would have not complained but why try to lie to us and not give us what we paid for. Anyways rooms are pretty nasty bathroom is so small you can almost take a shower while sitting on the toilet. The sink and the shower both leaked constantly. We could not use the a/c or heater because it blew out so much dust or whatever. One night came back early to watch a movie but they dont even have that. The shower sounded like a jack hammer when you tried to get hot water. At least the bed was pretty comfy. Maid service was good also and the bellmen were all very friendly and quick. The rooms have paper thin walls and the man next door coughing all night kept me up. We have free room offers for June but since it is the same property owners a the Las Vegas Club we will go there instead. Even if it was free I dont think I would stay there again.	
Feb 27 2008 	HMmmm Don't settle for what you get.	We booked through hotwire, It was sposed to be a &quot;3&quot; star hotel, WOW! They were wrong. MAYBE a 2 star, in fact I've stayed at Motel 6's that are better than this. The customer service? Eh, its average at best. The rooms? If your in the South Tower, it stinks, from the moment you step inside to the moment you leave. However, the North tower actually smells and looks cleans. Odd, but its true. I am attaching for your &quot;viewing&quot; pleasure photos of the FIRST room we got and then photos of the 2nd one. HUGE difference. The average (minus Fri and Sat night) is 38.00 hotwire charged us 49 per night. I wasn't impressed According to hotwire, its a 3 star hotel. NOOOOooooo. The fitness room is pathetic and very limited. The pool CLOSES at 6PM! I'll let the pictures describe the rest.  Oh, and 12.95 for internet access in your room.  On a side note, It is a GREAT location for Freemont street. After the the first room of disgust The front desk DID change our room to the North tower. MUCH cleaner, Much Nicer. DO NT be afraid to Stay in the NORTH tower. It IS a safe neighborhood	
Feb 25 2008 	Front Desk Clerk is a Lier	I will make this short and sweet. I booked a room here 3 months in advance with simple requests king, non-smoking, view of Fremont. Front Desk Clerk lied and said she had no room to fill any of my request. After taking the key and viewing the room I said no way. Went back downstairs spoke to her supervisor and every request was granted. Hotel info= worn, taped up carpet, smells of smoke, parking garage and elevators scarey.I love old vegas and the feel of the past but it is time for renovation here. Don't pay a penny over $50.00 to stay here and be warned of hairs in your towels and rice on the bed sheets. On a positive note it was quite and a supervisor was on duty.	
Feb 19 2008 	A Dump!	The hotel was definitely substandard in all ways. The staff said that it had not been renovated in more than 15 years. The carpets were worn, dirty, threadbare and patched with duct tape throughout the hotel. We had booked three nights and were given a room in the South Tower. The room was small and not well appointed. The wall paper was peeling and there was a strong smell of disinfectant and bug spray. The heater/AC unit was extremely noisy. The beds and pillows were substandard also. The next morning we asked to be upgraded to a better room and they moved us to a &quot;deluxe&quot; room in the North Tower. That room was marginally better but was still small and shabby. The bathroom had dark stains and bubbling on the wall from an old water leak. In both rooms the TV channel selection was woefully inadequate and there was no internet service unless you had wireless and was willing to pay a hefty fee. The bathrooms were VERY small with no counter space. The rooms had no amenitites such as hair dryer, iron, ironing board, coffee maker, etc. In addition, both rooms were very noisy --- we could hear doors slamming, people yelling, loud music, outside street noises, etc throughout the night. We were totally unhappy with our stay. We were also not pleased with the downtown location. Next time we will pay more and stay on the Strip.	
Feb 4 2008 	Absolutly The Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in	I travel about 200 nights a year, and spend most of those nights in a hotel. I was recently in Vegas for a furniture show, and the plaza was the closest property to the show. Despite the mixed reviews I thought I'd give it a shot based on the low cost.I have NEVER EVER stayed in such a gross place.The sheets were wrinkled (doub't they were changed) the bed spread had multiple stains. There was literally a path worn into the carpeting from the bed to the bathroom. It appears these rooms have never been updated. The bathroom was disgusting with a dirty shower/tub and soap left over from the previous stay. Multiple light bulbs were burnt out and it took not one or two but three calls to the front desk over a period of 4 hours to get light again!I asked if it were possible that my room was accidentlly skipped (given the soap, sheets, lightbulbs....) by house keeping, but i was assured it was not. I would have rather heard it be skipped, we humans make mistakes all the time!All in all, I would rather stay at the Fitz, Four Queens, Golden Nugget, Las Vegas Club or Fremont hotel if I were looking for a downtown location..	
Jan 23 2008 	GREAT STAY!!!	THIS WAS GREAT!!! I wanted the &quot;FREMONT EXPERIENCE&quot; and did I get it! The staff was so wonderful! That doorman was at my cab helping me before I knew what was going on. I had booked a standard room..not expecting too much but My friends got stranded so I upgraded to a suite...Two beds in two bed rooms along w/ a living room w/ dining table Tv in all the rooms...Let me tell you..I felt like a princess! Again I wasnt expecting alot from an older building..I had just checked out of the Bellagio and my suite was just as nice. The bathrooms are smaller but who stays in the toilet that long , right! Not when you are in VEGAS! I read some reviews about the carpets looking old...The Bellagio's rugs were the same..Think about it people hundreds of people stay here!? I cannot say enough about how much fun I had at the Plaza..We ate at the 777 for 7.77 buffett..It had everything that I saw at the other more expensive Hotels and I have to admit the taste was the same &amp; even better with some items! You walk out the main door and you are on Freemont street. Easy acces to everything. The main strip is fun but my goodness do you have to walk to just have a good time, but not from the Plaza you are already here. The Viva Las Vegas show was great the dancers were wonderful and that chic w/her magic show was super.. but the old guy dressed like a cowboy was better than some I saw during my 6 day stay in Vegas. I have to say if you want a fabulous time in Vegas and are on a budget this is by far the BEST place to stay. You can always take the trolly/bus to the New part of Vegas...BUT downtownis a place you can dig into and have a wonderful time w/out having to worry about what you are spending on food etc. I am making reservations for Dec 2008 and bringing the Husband this time...	
Jan 23 2008 	Never Again!	I have stayed at many hotels on Freemont to save some money The Lady Luck and Golden Nugget are older hotels but are kept Clean and comfy. This time I decided to try the Plaza hotel on Main street. It is directly infront of freemmont. It is the Worst hotel/motel I have ever stayed in. I visit Vegas about four times a year from california. I love the city. This hotel was so depressing and scary. I understand that these are older hotel but that is no excuse for the rooms to be so dirty. Mold in shower that could be cleaned up with cauking. Wallpaper falling off wall, not riped just fell off. This can easily be fixed. I big water stain on wall by the bed, u can't miss it. why not cover it atleast with a picture frame? Their r things you can do to make rooms look nicer not so scary for very little money. I know, I work for an older but very nice hotel in Palm Springs, Caliente Tropics. The elevator for the parking is in bad shape. It makes a horrible sound and bounces too much, didn't feel safe at all. Next time I rather spend a few extra bucks and stay at the strip. I will never expose myself to stay at a dump like this. Even my husband said he was not looking foward to going back to hotel room at 3:30am, and he is always looking to save a few bucks. It is bad. trust me.	
Jan 22 2008	Worst hotel stay of my life!	Without a doubt the worst hotel experience of my life. First I was quoted a rate for a three night stay in a non-smoking room. I called at 6:00 am and spoke to Eddy on the day I was going to arrive to confirm I had a non smoking room. At 11:00 pm that night when I checked in I was told there were none. Then I was told for $15 more I could have a non-smoking mini suite. I took it. The room faced Fremont street and the noise in the room from there was deafening. the bathroom had mildew all over it. the hot water didn't work, the bathtub didn't drain, the heater was almost louder than the music on fremont street - but not quite, and finally there were cigarette burns on the carpet and furniture and the room smelled like smoke. All this for onIy $15 more a night!! I went to change rooms the next morning, but first I went to the concierge, then I had to go to security, then to a desk clerk ,and then to the hotel manager to get them to change it. I changed it back to a non smoking double room not facing fremont street. the new room was a bit better, but not much. Again the hot water was sporadic, the heater was loud, the room didn't smell like smoke until the next day when they took the no smoking sign off the room door next to mine and put the Marlboro man next door. My room filled with smoke from the guy in the next room. And if that wasn't enough, the bathtub didn't drain, the faucet in the tub wouldn't shut off, the toilet flapper wouldn't close on its own and had to be fixed manually after every flush. I was there with a group of kids and parents, and to a person the rest of the people on the team experienced the non draining tub and sproradic hot water. Plus the whole stay the elevators wouldn't work and at times the wait was over 30 minutes to get an elevator. Plus one guest was stuck inside an elevator for more than an hour! Hotel workers told us to use the employee/freight elevator but on Sunday one of my traveling companions was told by a security guard that she would arrest him if he set foot in that elevator and closed the door when the elevator came. When I got my bill, I was charged a $20 a day upgrade fee for the entire stay for what I was originally told would be $15. The upgrade fee should have only applied to the first day also since I was moved back into a regular room. They wouldn't change it no matter what I said. Overall I would say that the service was the worst I have ever seen. The billing practices border on illegal and at the least are dishonest. The disrepair in the hotel makes it unsafe and unsanitary. I honestly can't believe a place like this is still open.and finally to put this whole experience in perspective, my original quote was as follows Friday - $79, Saturday - $89, Sunday -$49 - when I got my bill it was for $291. I think for nearly $300 for three nights you could probably find many hotels in Vegas that will have hot water, no smoking rooms, draining bathtubs, functioning elevators, funcitoning heater/AC units and management and staff t that might encourage you to come back. And if that is what you want, then avoid the Plaza.	
Jan 21 2008 	as gross as you'd think it would be	I was hoping for a fun downtown experience and do an old school. I didnt realize that old school meant disgusting! There was mold in the rooms, the showers backed up, there was no hot water, and it reeked. There was no safe in the room (a must for Vegas) and the carpet was nasty looking. We were lucky enough to have a balcony, and there were old cups full of cigarette butts, that never got cleaned up. We had a total of 5 rooms, and all of them were just as bad. After 2 nights, we gave up and went to the Flamingo on the strip. I really was hoping to like this hotel, but couldnt, even at the great rates.	
Jan 18 2008 	Great Value	$38.74/night. Ya can't beat that price. We got a bed and bathroom, all you need in Vegas. The room was clean. The elevators were fast. The buffet for 8 bucks was edible. The gaming was ok. Go to the back bar, feed 20 bucks into the video poker machine and get fed drinks, one right after another. We would tip a buck on every drink....the bar tender would be there with another before you were done.Downside? Yep. The tub had some drainage issues....it would slowly fill up with water as you showered. Oh well....your feet would get a nice soaking!! Not a big deal. The heat/ac worked fine. The room was cleaned daily. The beds were ok and so were the pillows.If you were on the east side (facing fremont st.), it would be noisy at the top of the hour with the light show. The last one is at midnight. Then again...you aren't in the room anyway...right?Honestly, you are never in your room except to sleep a little, take a shower and go back out!! For this price...you can't beat the hotel.We stayed at the Strat the last time. Didn't like it. Too far away from everything. The strip would be ok, but pricey to stay and pricey to gamble. The Fremont Street Experience was fun. Plenty of good casinos within a very short walking distance. Quick bus trip to the other end of the strip. Only a $20 taxi ride if you want to go that route.Looking for good food? The buffet at the plaza was ok. The Main Street is better....just a couple of blocks away. Check out the diner at the Golden Gate. You can get a $7 8oz prime rib meal that is actually very good.Get bored with one casino...just walk across the street or down one and hit another. The Viva Las Vegas show at the Plaza is kind of cheesy, but fun. Get a players card and get a pass for a free show. Great afternoon entertainment. Catch the Defending the Caveman show at the Nugget. Very entertaining. Check out 1/2 price tickets in front of the Four Queens. Be sure to hit the Big Elvis show at Bills Saloon (formerly the Barbary Coast)...great show. Get there early to get a seat. Gotta spend $5 for a drink. Catch the Mac King show at Harrah's. Great entertainment for the dollar. Look for a deal though....we paid full price and didn't get a drink.The light show is fun and changes every hour.Check in is kind of hard to get to. Gotta go to the 3rd floor then walk toward Laughlin. Just kidding....but you have to trek a ways to get checked in. The first room we had was already occupied...good thing they weren't in there at the time....wouldn't that have been something?? No lock box in the room to keep your gambling money safe. With some sharp thinking...you can easily find a nice hiding spot. Just look around and be creative.Bottom line? The Plaza gives you a room for dirt cheap. The room is fine....contrary to what some others may say. Just remember....you are never in there, but to sleep and shower and if you are having fun...you may never be there at all!! :)	
Jan 17 2008 	Old but good for the price.	The Plaza is an old Hotel and it shows but its not the worst choice you can make. If you want an inexpensive hotel right in the old downtown area of Vegas, then the Plaza is more than OK. I stayed there on a Sunday night for $38 so it was hard to be picky about anything. Included in that price was a coupon for two free drinks at the sports book bar. So it really felt like I only paid about $28 for the room. On the positive side, the rooms in the Plaza are huge! The beds were firm but not too bad. The bathroom was basically clean. The TV worked. The check-in staff was nice enough. On the negative size, the hotel is old and it doesnt look like they want to update anything. So the elevators look old and beat up. The carpets in the hallways look stained. The furniture and bathroom fixtures in my room were dated. But I would still prefer to stay here than one of those budget chain hotels. Based on the people I see in the halls and casino area, the Plaza is popular with older folks. The hotel has great potential with its great location facing into the Fremont Street Experience. If they put some money into it like the owners of the Golden Nugget did, this place could really shine.	
Jan 14 2008	Horrible service!	I've written a complaint as to the poor service this hotel has but as to date have not even been contacted. The employees in this hotel are anything but cordial. I've stayed in this hotel several times before and always liked it over any of the plush hotels on the strip but this time will be the last. Whoever does the hiring for this hotel needs to be replaced.	
Jan 13 2008 	Bathroom celing was leaking massive urine	I give his hotel ZERO stars. Since it doesnt allow me to rate it at ZERO, i choose 1 star. We stayed there for NYE and had a standard room. The room smelled horrible. We were gagging. It smelled like sour milk and feet mixed. We walked to ABC store and Walgreens down the street to get three bottles of air freshner. The lady who worked at ABC said a lot of people who stayed at the Plaza come here to buy air fresheners! I used about half a bottle and thought it would do it. But no.....Everytime we came back to the room the nasty smell came back. We had to hold our breath and spray the room everytime we got back to our room. At night, the toilet and sink made horrible noises. They were definitely having some faucet problems. The next day, I got lightly shocked by turning on the bathroom light. There was sparks. I left the light on. Moments later, the bathroom ceiling was leaking with water. The bathroom light was filled with water and the light was blinking. It was scary because I didnt know what would happen..it felt so dangerous with the water and electricity. I didnt DARE try to turn the light off. We stayed away. Well at first we thought it was water. Keep on reading. It was practically raining and it got worse and worse. We called the front desk and it took them a long time to send someone up. The entire bathroom floor was flooded with about 1&quot; of &quot;water&quot; and spreaded toward the carpet. Then the water started to turn YELLOW and it smelled like URINE. We had clothes in the bathroom so all our clothes smelled like urine!!!! It was disgusting. We had to move the chairs from the room and climbed on them because we didnt want to step on the urine get our stuff in the bathroom. The entire toilet was flooded with yellow/brownish water. We were traumatized. It was totally disgusting and we were afraid we would get sick! While we were still waiting, the ceiling where the air conditioner was started to leak as well. We were FREAKED OUT. We couldnt leave the room because we had our belongings. We kept calling the Front desk and they kept putting us on hold. We demanded to get comped and upgraded to another room. The lady said there werent any rooms available and offered to give us a refund for the second night. We were furious because it was NYE and all hotels were booked. We had nowhere to go. So we went downstairs and complained to the Manager. The Manager then said they would give us an upgraded room and comp us for the 2nd night. We were pissed because the lady said there werent any rooms earlier. They were so dishonest with us. We actually wanted to get comped for both nights but they were so difficult to deal with we just decided to stick with what they offered. It was a horrible experience. We felt that they should have at least comped us for our entire stay. Thank god the upgraded room had no smells and no leakage. But we will never stay there again. PS. the 7.77 buffet was horrible. We had major stomach aches and diaherrea after eating there.. DO NOT RECOMMEND.	
Jan 8 2008 	Maintenance problems but semi- good value	I have mixed feelings about this place so I'll just tell it like it is. The room we had offered a lovely view of a brick building, okay, but for the price no complaints, yet. Until we went to the restroom and realized that when we flushed the toilet it came up through the sink. GROSS. no place to brush teeth, wash hands, etc. maintenance came the next day and said the problem was fixed, but it was not. Happened for all three nights we were there. Also, we had reserved a non-smoking room but were put in a smoking room and staff said they could not change it b/c they were full. So, that lovely smell lingered in our room for the whole trip. On the last night, the A/C went out and my boyfriend, furious by this point, demanded a new room. The room we were switched to, to sleep for 2 hours before catching a flight home, was lovely. No problems, no smoking and a toilet that worked. If we had this room to begin with my review would be much different, as you can imagine. Upside: the pool on the roof was nice but there was no towel service up there as promised. It was also great to have a subway in the lobby for sub-emergencies. And, the hotel is walking distance to the main Street plaza which has a great champagne buffett. If I return to Vegas I'll still stay downtown but probably try Golden nugget or something.Tip: there's a bus that runs from downtown to the strip for only $10 for an all day pass. best deal around.	
Jan 1 2008 	Horrible..Stay Away	The Plaza was dirty and run down. The Sports Book was full of local vagrants that took all the seats. The staff was not friendly,the rooms had no extras,such as hair dryer,and they give no free drinks at the Sports Book. I made several $500 plus wagers and was told they give no free drink coupons. Thats OK,because it was a bad experience,and I will NEVER go back. Next they let local prostitutes hang out at the Sports Bar,and I was propisitioned a few times. I go to Vegas once a month,and this was the worst. Spend your money elsewhere.	
Dec 31 2007 	Vegas Plaza: Not as bad as you think not as great as you hope.	If you want the status Bellago keep looking.... If your seaking the grandure of the venition, it's not here. The &quot;hip&quot; of the Palms? Sorry try again.But if your looking for a clean room in a great down town location and don't mind an A/C that can wake the dead look here. The Plaza is what it is... An old down town hotel that still cares for it's customers even though it's rooms have long since run out of luck. Would I recomment it... yes the views are stunning and the rates are passible. But if your looking to inpress or it's first time to Vegas you may want to upgrade. But if you done the circut and are looking for something more low key and affordable look no further for the plaza is clean, confortable, &amp; convientiant.... nothing more.... But really what more is there.	
Dec 21 2007 	another fun plaza stay	just got back last night-even in december vegas is jumping-hereis a view from our room #1814-decent room with a fridge, iron,hairdryer-these rooms are not fancy like the golden nugget butthey are large &amp; clean-saw their show 'viva las vegas'-they giveyou a 2 for $5 show ticket at check in-cute show thats at 2 &amp; 4 inthe afternoon-there is a mc donalds in the hotel that you can getfree coffee refills within 30 minutes-opens at 4am-best dinnervalue downtown is at the california hotel(2 blocks away)-you canget a fabulous $7.25 prime rib rinner with salad bar &amp; cherriesjubilee-for a good breakfast buffet you only pay $5.25 at the california hotel-best value downtown-we finally got to ellis islandfor their $5 steak but now it is $7 but it includes a 20 ounce beer-excellent steak also-new years eve they are charging $60 to getin the freemont experience we found out-that's got to be fun invegas for new years eve-we love staying downtown, but we always get a rental car to go all around in the day-this trip we went to red rock canyon-so very beautiful-we had a wonderfulstay this trip-hope to be back in may 2008, god willing!!!!!	
Dec 18 2007 	Ok for the money!!	We stayed at the Plaza on a Friday night in October. This was a planned trip and the next three nights we stayed up on the strip. The Plaza location is great right at the end of Freemont Street. Our room overlooked the street, but you really couldn't see a whole lot because of the roof. Check in was fast, but the clerk was very short with us, and didn't have much of a sense of humor. The room was very clean, but also very outdated. The bathroom was very small and old. The Casino was a real suprise. I really liked the casino, of course it always helps when you win. We ate at the $7.77 buffet. The food was ok, especially for the price. The only real bad thing I can say about the Plaza was the elevators. We were on one of the top floors and with only one bank of elevators that stopped at almost every floor, the wait was a long one. Overall I would say the Plaza is good, considering what you pay for. If you are used to staying in the fancy hotels on the strip, you may want to avoid this one.	
Dec 15 2007	Yeah it's a dump	Loved staying downtown, but oh, the poor decrepit Plaza. Good price, divey hotel. Poker and Bingo staff rock! Will stay at the Golden Nugget or Binions next time, though.	
Nov 21 2007 	Great for the Price	Excellent for the money, Prime Location on Fremont	
Nov 20 2007 	Great location - you only sleep there!	We came to the Plaza from the Monte Carlo as MC was putting their prices up by 3x over the weekend! I love the location of this place, Freemont St is just as good as the strip but if it's a first time you do need to do both. The room was fine, a bit worn but very big and spacious, clean and cool. For £20 a night it's excellent, the location is more than worth that! There's a pool on the roof which is fairly grotty, like a roof with a pool and some plastic loungers, that's it, but it's good enough for catching some sun and having a dip. Really we used the hotel very little, it was really just for sleeping in and the pool for sleeping next to!I'm sure there are other hotels in Freemont that offer similar accomodation for the price but really i'd say it's a no frills, bargain. Perfect for stag/hen or group of friends or if you don't plan to spend too much time in the room as it is basic. It was perfect for us to stay 3 nights in a more expensive place on the strip then move to Freemont for the best of both worlds. I pperfer the atmosphere around Freemont myself and the closeness to the amazing Bay city diner at the Golden Gate which is a must - truly amazing steak dinner for a few quid!!I wouldn't want to pay more than £40 a night though i've paid £90 for a similar standard in England! I'd definately rather stay here than a nicer hotel away from the action for the same price.	
Nov 4 2007 	It's a room	You need to be realistic about staying at this hotel. You're getting a room for under $100 in Las Vegas. On the plus side: parking is free, the hotel has easy freeway access and is literally across the street from the Fremont Light Experience, which is fun to see. It's also centrally located in downtown to walk around and explore other casinos. On the negative side - the entire hotel is a bit shabby. In my room, every piece of furniture was nicked and scratched, the bathroom mirror was cracked and the carpets were stained. But the bathroom was clean, the bed was reasonably comfortable and I didn't go to Vegas to sit in my room. Experiences with the staff at check-in and at the buffet were fine. I'm giving this place an average rating because it met my expectations for a room that costs less than $100 per night in Las Vegas.	
Nov 2 2007 	a dive! Run	I stay here against my will. The Golden Nugget and Fitzgeralds were both sold out and I wanted to be downtown.My view was the rail yard..ok, I'm not here to hang in the room, but the previous occupants garbage was still in the garbage cans. I quickly inspected the rest of the room. The bathroom, I guess was cleaned, since I saw fresh hard towels, but hair was in the sink and on the counters.I travel with my Clorox cleanups, so I had to disinfect the toilet, sink, counters and bath fixtures.If you enjoy watching TV on a 17-19&quot;, this is the place for you. If you only like basic channels, again enjoy! If they had 10 channels, I'd be surprised.I gambled and stayed out as long as I could, so I didnt have to get in that nasty bed. The underside of the bedspread who make you gag. I took it and threw it in a corner, where it stayed until I left. I sweated every night because there was a plastic lined pad under the sheet. If you sleep in one position too long, guess what? Sweat.The buffet is what you would expect for $7.77, walk down a few steps to the Fremont hotel for a wonderful breakfast buffet ($5.49).The registration desk being located on the 3rd floor makes no sense to me.If you have other options......please go for it. This hotel should be a last resort (pardon the pun)	
Nov 1 2007 	Shabby relic of old Vegas.	This was my first experience of staying at a hotel in downtown and may well be my last. Sadly, the only thing that the Plaza has going for it is its location.This was a short stay option during a much longer trip. We booked in for a weekend - when prices on the strip go through the roof. Given the price and the age of the property I wasn't expecting much but the Plaza disappoints on all levels. Rooms are dreadfully dated and shabby as are the corridors and other common areas. Rooms not facing Freemont have a wonderful view of the railway goods yard. You can hear every one of the seemingly endless freight trains that rumble past day and night. Service is pretty patchy, as are cleaning standards and overall the hotel has a terminally grubby feel. On a good trip to Vegas you can expect to spend very little time in your hotel room but you really shouldn't dread going back to it. I love old Vegas and I'm sure that the Plaza was a great destination in its day but now it's just depressing. Total rennovation or swift implosion is the only thing for it.	
Oct 30 2007	Clean room Good Service for $42 a night can't be beat!	Clean Room, Good ServiceMy wife and I stayed just one night on October 24th, 2007, and while a lot of people complain about the old Plaza, I say what do you expect, the Ritz Carlton? We paid $47 (including taxes) for a room with a charming view of the air conditioning coolers and the south tower. The following are the goods and the not so goods:Goods:1. The room was large, much larger than a hotel recently built.2. The staff was super friendly.3. The location cannot be beat.4. The show Viva Las Vegas at 2 and 4 on weekdays only cost us $2.75 a head to see it.. It was pretty good. A cheesy emcee, scantily clad dancing girls, a magician that makes stuff appear and disappear, and a comedian that insulted the crowd. 5. The buffet at the nearby Main Street Station is excellent. I have eaten at the Flamingo, Stratosphere, Bally's, Excalibur, the Sahara, and unfortunately Circus Circus and despite being about twice the price of the Main Street Station, the Main Street was heads and shoulders above the rest. It was great.Not so Goods1. Our air conditioner in our room sounded like a garbage truck compacting garbage. I went to the front desk and they quickly changed our room to a room facing the Fremont Street Experience on the 16th floor.2. Our neighors, about 6 drunken frat boys were loud!!!. The walls seem to be toilet paper thin and we could almost partake in their conversations from our room.3. If your room faces The Fremont Street Experience, the noise is considerable. Also, Las Vegas' finest (fire and police) seem to make a lot of runs through the area with their siren's blaring. Overall, I would recommend it for an authentic Las Vegas Experience. It all seemed nice and clean. I have read about some things that people like to complain about, but hey, for $42 where else can you lay your head.	
Oct 23 2007	Plaza Breakfast Buffet and Viva Las Vegas show	We actually stayed at the Golden Nugget but we did visit the Plaza for the buffet breakfast on Sunday, as well as for the &quot;Viva Las Vegas&quot; show on Saturday.The show was quite inexpensive at about $11 a head. It is billed as some sort of &quot;vintage Vegas variety&quot; show. It consisted of essentially 3 acts: The Clever Emcee with a few acts, The Dancing Girls with the lead singer, and The Comedian.After the intro, the dancing girls start the show out with a bang, a big number with lots of costume and skin, along with the lead singer who does have a powerful voice, but unfortunately the audio system is a little on the tinny side and they run it up to just before distortion, so it's bordering on painfully loud. If the sound system had a little more low-end and mid-range, it would be much better, and if they'd not run the volume up so high, it'd be great.But the act is good, the singer belts it out well, and the dancers are entertaining and in good shape.The dancers and singer reappear several times during the show as well, and it seems like her singing gets a little louder each time. I finally resorted to small wads of tissue in the ears, as I was afraid of blood trickling out. Powerful voice. Lousy audio.The emcee is entertaining too. He's a funny guy, works the audience well, and later brings out a fairly amusing trained-dog act which has the audience laughing well. Nothing wrong with this guy really, well done and good timing.The final act, the Comedian, is pretty good. This guy is funny... he starts up a little slow but tips his hand with a few Rodney-esque moves with the tie, and then has us immediately in his grip with a crazed, almost Honeymooner-Gleason look, as he screams &quot;what the hell's WRONG with you people?!?&quot; He's on for probably 20 minutes and it's a fun time... we're laughing, sometimes hard.They wrap it up, we leave. All in all, a decent and entertaining show, and again, very reasonably priced. Despite the audio issues, we'd give it an 8.5.Not so for the buffet. Quite reasonably priced at $7.77, the food is average and the service spotty.We arrived at about 8:30 Sunday morning to find no line and maybe 2 or 3 customers eating. At the cashier/entry window, we asked if we might take a look at the food first, and they motioned us in. We scanned the trays, it was ok, so we went back to the little display case area behind the cashier's window and attempted to pay. The lady, whose back was facing us first (as she was looking out into the hotel area at her station), said somewhat bluntly, &quot;next time please go around and pay at the window&quot;. There were no customers waiting, the cashiers (2) were just standing there with nothing to do, and yet it appeared to me that they were quite flummoxed that I wanted to pay them, but I wasn't standing in the NORMAL place; I was 'inside'.After her comment, I said &quot;ok, do you want me to go back outside to pay you?&quot; and she relented, and said no, no, this is ok.Not a good start.Then our waitress was not having a good morning, I guess. She wasn't friendly at all, but rather acted as though she really would rather be somewhere else. We didn't feel like we bonded well at all. Might have been the intro at the cashier's table...She wasn't really rude, she was just really quiet, and when we asked for something later, we know she heard us but we didn't hear much of an acknowledgment... again, like she wasn't very happy to be there. I suppose waitresses have bad days and I know this isn't an easy job all the time but I'll have to admit, she was about the coldest fish I've ever dealt with in a restaurant.Whatever... the food was acceptable; although it could have been warmer, I think. The plates were stone cold going in, and the bins of food were rather lukewarm, apparently relying solely on the heat lamps above them for life.The eggs were available either scrambled or cooked as a sort of souffle with onion and peppers, and there was maybe one other combination I didn't try. There was a mountain of edible but not fabulous bacon, some sausage patties, potatoes, and a few other typical breakfast items... along with pork chops and essentially lunch as well. My wife tried a pork chop but she didn't finish it... it wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. They also had some pancakes and waffles under heat lamps, and some toast slices as well. There may have been other breakfast items but as I had filled my plate at that point, I wasn't aware of whatever else might have been available. I didn't notice any fruit, fresh or otherwise, other than some pineapple chunks and canned peach slices at the front of the line.I never did get asked for a coffee refill, and decided I didn't want to really ruin her day by asking for one, so we ate and left. It filled us up but all told, I'm guessing there are much better buffets available for breakfast, albeit probably at higher cost. Critics will be quick to point out that this is one of the least expensive buffets in town, which we are aware of, but it'd be nice to at least ask if we want more coffee.If a cheerful waitress was there, this experience would be quite different... so bear that in mind I guess... ymmv, as they say.You can get breakfast for a little less across the street at Golden Gate, and generally with enthusiastic and well-timed service, but the Plaza buffet is at least all you can eat, so it does have that going for it. We might try it one more time but we'd have to say 'recommended with caution' for now.	
Oct 20 2007 	neutral--convienent	We stayed in The Plaza from Oct 15th through 19th. The rooms are large but I cant say we had a &quot;good view&quot;. Our room overlooked the heating and cooling units....*yawn*. My mom's room overlooked Freemont street which according to staff is normally $20.00 more a night. The linens just didn't have a super clean smell and smelled like cheap detergent.Our room was supposed to have a refridgerator in it and didn't. Our TV couldn't have been more than a 19&quot; at best. The vent above the showed had thick dust/mold in it .My mom's room was exactly as it should have been and didnt have the same problems.I will admit when we called in regarding a fridge, they brought one within 10 minutes tops.When we called to complain that 3 people have tried to come into the room thinking ours was theirs, they were polite.The housecleaning staff member was a total sweetheart.Would I stay there again?? Not sure, I'd like to try another hotel to see if maybe it's better organized.The plaza does have 1 good thing I can think of. If you stay in the north tower, you don't have to walk through the casino just to get to Freemont. Nice and easy access. The trolly/bus comes right in front of the hotel as well.The $7.77 buffet that others said is crappy, we found to be great. Something comparable to Hometown Buffet. At dinner they will cook a hamburger exactly as you'd like as well as fix numerous pasta meals made to your specs. There may be better buffets but this is quick and convient. Staff were all very nice and food did not lack in taste.I would suggest to ask if you can inspect the room prior to settling in, but overall, good value.	
Oct 10 2007 	Loved it !	Older Hotel but rooms are Big and views are pretty good. No free internet paid 9.95 for 24 hours and kept getting kicked off. Its at The begining of the Fremont Street Experience. We were there for Bikefest.and there was lots of entertainment. We had a great time. The show Viva Las Vegas was advertized on the hotel TV channel but when we tried to get tickets we found out it wouldn't start until the day after we left Las Vegas...to bad it looked good and was only 9.99 a person! Make a trip up to the dome in the evening the view is great!booked this stay through aol travel (98.00 per night on friday ans saturday)	
Oct 1 2007	What a stink hole!!	What a rat hole. If the rat pack were alive they would not be seen here. They might see a rat but thats it. This hotel is gone with the rat pack. IT IS OLD. It is nasty. It is stinky. one star, maybe two. IF two is a 1985 unfurbished motel 6 than this is a two star. Smells like old carpet, has old carpet, Stains on the cealing??? HOW? Anyway we went down for bikeweek right? Okay beat up old bikers hanging out having a good time and its not like I needed it to be the Bellagio but holy crap this was not worth the $120 a night. No bed bugs, I will admit that. The beds have not been replaced since the early 70's so any bugs would be dead with that era. Do yourself a favor stay at the Golden Nugget!!! That place was AWESOME! That is the only place I would stay at on Fremont. This will come down without some renovations. Change the freaking chandliers at least. Put a bathroom in the rooms not a closet with a camode in it!!! I say sorry to my wife, she finally went down on a motorcycle rally with me and this is where I put her up... i am ashamed. (this is where you go ohhhh)anyway go see The Caveman show at the GOLDEN NUGGET awesome show, great hotel. Read my reviews, read my history on trip advisor. I am not a 5 star wannabe...okay a 4 is good but trust my review. Email me I will explain this place. I would'nt take free nights here and give them to my enemies!	
Oct 1 2007 	Great by Downtown Standards	Having stayed in some real dumps downtown, The Plaza was a nice change of pace. Though simple, the room was large and clean, the only thing the linens smelled like was detergent, and the view was pretty good from our 11th floor window. My only complaint was that we were adjoined to the next room over by a door with a large crack under it. When the people next door started moving about at 8 am, I could understand pretty much every word of their conversation, and every time they let their front door slam closed (7 times or so) it was like a small earthquake. I really can't imagine what our neighbors thought of our 5:30am shenanigans (sorry, we were unaware at the time!), so maybe this was payback. It may be worth requesting a non-adjoined room, as we heard nothing from our neighbors on the other side.The $7.77 buffet in the Plaza casino isn't haute cuisine - but it is all you can eat for under $8 and edible. Also, beverages seemed to be included in the price. I had coffee and apple juice at no extra charge.	
Sep 26 2007	The Groovy Plaza	I stayed at the Plaza in November 2006. This is a '60s era hotel with the appropriate groovy furnishings. I really felt like the Rat Pack would be down in the lobby. I loved that hotel. I sincerely hope they don't knock it down and put up one like the plastic Strip hotels! The bed was really firm and nice, and the location adjacent to the Fremont Street Experience was perfect. I'll definately stay there next time I'm in Vegas.	
Sep 19 2007 	When I saw the room I wanted to cry	This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. It was dirty and smelly and had cigarette burns all over the carpet and chairs. I didn't even want to sit down, much less sleep at this hotel. The staff at check in was rude, and even though we asked for a king, we weren't offered one. When you turned on the sink, the pipes emitted the worst noise imaginable. It was so loud that there was no way to quietly get ready for the day without waking up the other person in the room. I tried to be a good sport about things since the rate was cheap, but there's a limit to how bad things can get. All the ice machines were broken and the halls smelt like skunk. To top it off, there was a disturance in the room next to us, which caused tons of noise late at night. If given the choice of staying at this hotel again or not going to Vegas, I would choose not to come to Vegas. Next time, we will be staying somewhere else!!!!	
Sep 9 2007 	A Rash at the Plaza	We went to Las Vegas to celebrate our wedding anniversary so we were so excited and was looking forward to the trip. What we were not looking forward to, was the first night we checked in at 2am that the toilet's water was running and the toilet was not functional. We called the front desk and they wanted us to wait for the plumber to fix the toilet. We were surprised that at 2am they didn't just volunteer to change our room but we had to insist on another room. We were there for three days and the third day I woke up and I had a rash on my right hand. I proceeded to check out, we returned home but even after three days the rash progressed to the other hand and finally to my face before I went to the doctor who said the rash was the result of something at the hotel. I have no idea, but I hate to think of the possibilities: bed bugs, dirty sheets, infected shower or sink etc...I'm just glad it was something that antibotics could make better and not anything worse. What we saved from the price of the hotel was made up from the doctor's visit, prescription and not to mention the discomfort of the rash itself. Beware of The Plaza at Downtown in Las Vegas!	
Sep 3 2007 	Ghetto Hotel	This is basically a one star hotel. The carpet is nasty and the rooms smell. I woke up on the first night there with a swollen eye, not sure if I got bit by something or some sort of allergy attack. The vents were completely filled with dust, so im sure it was probably all the gross dust blowing thru the air. We traveled with another couple and my friend woke up with the same problem with his eye. We did move to another room, south tower. Room was a little better- the tv at least was maybe only 4 years old compared to the other tv which was about 15 years old.If you want to stay downtown, I would suggest The Golden Nugget, this was my first choice but unfortunately they were sold out. I love downtown and will definately stay down there again, however I will never stay at the Plaza. Completely nasty, needs to be torn down and rebuilt.	
Sep 2 2007 	Cheap but Crummy	We stayed 4 days at the Plaza in August. The check-in line was a nightmare, the room was worse! Sheets had rips in the sides, the bathroom door was so warped it took great strength ro close it, and the tub had a fauced drip (stream actually) that naver stopped. Reported the leak, but no one responded. Also the air conditioner did not keep the room cool.Our view was of a rooftop and air conditioners. The bell desk was great. Yhe casino was great and the $7.77 buffet was excellent. Will gamble and eat there but will never stay in the hotel again.	
Aug 23 2007 	A Bit Disappointed	This was the first time we stay downtown, and I chose the Plaza because it was stated to me that it was a three star hotel (not true it is a two star) of the price due to the fact that we needed two connecting rooms, because our kids were traveling with us this time. I had requested one room with a king size bed and the other with two queens and they had to be connecting rooms, what we got was one room with the king size bed and the other room with one king size bed and a living room, and they were not connecting. The only connection was the living room and one of the bed rooms. We tried to get the rooms that we requested and they didn't have anything available, so as a family we took a vote and decided to stay put. Then we found out that the hotel didn't have room service, nor do they have the option to watch pay per view on their televisons, which is great for your kids at night. We would not stay at the Plaza Hotel again because we like room service and cable TV. We like to get up in the morning and have breakfast in our room and watch a movie late at night.To sum it all up: If you don't care about room service or cable televison, then the Plaze Hotel is not a bad place to stay, if you are traveling without kids.	
Aug 20 2007 	Fantastic hotel	had a great 7 nights at the plaza, room was clean and huge and brilliant value for the money will be staying again next year.	
Aug 13 2007 	Everything about the Hotel sucked except the staff	We went to this hotel because of a convention we were attending. If they have this convention at this hotel again I will not attend. The room was large but quite in need of an update. It was almost clean, but the bathroom had mold. Our meals were provided by the catering staff and were included in our convention fee. The best meal we had in 3 days was the cold sandwiches, other than the bread for the sandwiches all of their bread was crap. After our final night formal dinner which was Surf &amp; Turf we went to McDonalds in the lobby to get something edible, and I hate McDonalds. Other than the front desk the staff seemed friendly and quite helpful. The whole place smelled 100 years old. I highly recommend you go elsewhere for accomodations.	
Aug 7 2007 	Absolutely awful	The front desk staff was incredibly rude, and the front desk was difficult to get to, being located on the third floor. The elevators were slow and smelled of mold. In our room the tub would not drain and then the toilet stopped flushing. When picking up our comps from the downstairs desk the staff were rude and talking with each other instead of paying attention to guests. It was impossible to get served drinks while gambling in the casino. The entire experiences was a disaster from start to finish. We couldn't get out of there fast enough.	
Aug 6 2007 	cheesy but fun	I have stayed in the Plaza, Las Vegas quite a few times because it's cheap and close to the 'Freemont Street Experience'. The hotel is fairly grubby - doesn't look like it's been updated for 20+ yrs. However, I love the rooms - they're huge! They have two double beds, 2 cosy chairs and a bathroom and small dressing area. However, this is in the South Tower - the North Tower rooms are smaller and pretty depressing. The casino is wonderfully cheesy - though I never won a penny on the video poker machines. The hotel used to have a great diner - it's still there but no longer serves fab food.Shame. I wouldn't touch the buffet there - looks horrendous and the food outlet in the casino is lousy. Overall,the hotel is cheap and basic but if you just want a bed for the night it's fine.	
Jul 26 2007 	Cleaning Staff Dishonest	Comments: I just wanted you to know that the staff at the Plaza Hotel in Las Vegas is VERY dishonest. My friend accidently left a pair of shorts in the room and when we discovered this, he called to report it and we would have come back to get them. The reason.. there was $500 in the pocket of the shorts. This stay at the Plaza should have cost us under $50 but instead cost us over $500 and cut our vacation short. I bellieve that tourist should be warned that the cleaning crew at the Plaza are dishonest.	
Jul 24 2007	adump that ripped me off!	checked in fri afternoon and they put a 50.00 hold on my credit card thats the norm... hall way to elevators moldy and musty and elevators slow as molasses, pool is a water hole in a slab of cement no shade no trees or grass.... room smeled musty even in north tower. bathroom tiles moldy, shower tiles moldy , tub faucet ran always....... awoke the next am to find out the charges another 260.00 to my room ( my reservation was prepaid 30 days in advance) went downstairs to deal with imbicile hotel mgr who would relaease the additional monies charged to my room! she said she could do it on a monday after i had checked out.. turns out when i check ed out on sun am they treied to get another 114.00 from me!!!!!! who is thier book keeper?? when i said i owed nothing and asked for a recepit they handed me a generic hand written receipt that came from a stationery store that didn't even have their letter head printed on it....... sure the room s are cheap but check your room charges often during your stay or you'll get ripped off!by the way the golden nugget looked awesome inside and with a super 5star pool and rooms! and there's an after hours club on the 24th floor of binions casino that has a wonderful view of the entire city!	
Jul 19 2007 	Old in need of update	Since this was a short 3 day trip I thought we'd go for cheap. Well, it was what we paid for. Very old feel, all the furniture was scratched or gouged somewhere. Bed was very uncomfortable. Bathroom was very, very tiny. Shower was really weak. But, it was a very large room for the cheap price. They really do need to do some renovations.	
Jul 19 2007 	It's Okay	We stayed at the Plaza for a karate tournament and the room I had wasn't that bad....like someone said...you get what you pay for! However, I saw the Kentucky Derby suite and OMG is that exquisite! I couldn't believe it! Beautiful! The pool had water it! But, there is no room service! YIKES...after staying out all night I need some coffee delivered! I did go to the show and that was off the hook! Micheal Ward put on an excellent show!	
Jul 13 2007 	Yeah you get what you pay for.	My husband and I decided to stay at the Plaza during one part of our honeymoon. We chose the plaza because of it's location and price. We wanted to be near Freemont St and didn't want to pay more than $50 a night. We got both with the Plaza. However, we also got a view of the freeway and construction, not one of Freemont street which we had requested. When we asked about it, the front desk told us they didn't have any rooms on that side for us. The room itself wasn't terribly bad, it wasn't worse or better than we expected. It seemed kind of old, and wasn't as clean as it could have been, but since we're not terribly picky, we didn't mind, especially since we weren't planning on spending a TON of time in the room. We were originally planning on staying for 3 nights, but after the first night we decided to continue on a couple days early and spend the next two nights in Mesquite, which we did and were quite happy with. The front desk didn't give us any problems when we checked out early, and we appreciated that. All in all it was an alright stay but we are staying in another hotel for our Vegas trip this year.	
Jul 4 2007 	Rude Bar Tenders!Rude Front Desk! Rude Security	Well to say that most if the reviews here that say its a dump are correct. I had read these for some time,I was expecting nothing and got less, to start I had to find the 3rd floor check in ,which sounds like it should be easy...well it was not. It is in this large rather creepy dead space,it is too big to be inviting. the bar next to check in was closed,the whole thing cavernous,and very dimly lit. It seems like a huge empty nothing. At the time we had made out reservations,the pool was open,got there and it was closed,Expedia also said, there was cable,there was not in fact a lot people had TV trouble no remotes,coming on all by themsleves at 4:00 AM,.It took me two days to figure out that my phone was not plugged IN ,and MANY trips to the front desk.I could not find where it the plug WAS,but wound up fixing it myslef,after moving the bed!The room was nothing like those pictured here.There were water stain marks,on the ceiling,crappy lawn furniture for the table,the furniture was chipped ,and had been painted brown Lots of stains on the carpets .I was paying 69.00 a night!.As I saying I was NOT EXPECTING anything fancy,but the reviews,are not lying.I had asked at the front desk,upon check-in &quot;if I could get one of there more recently decorated rooms,&quot; the answer was &quot;sure for 20.00 more!!!&quot;I then mentioned the pool,and the old gal,at the desk,said &quot; you can take your room Key to the Golden Nuggett and they will let you swim there-I was like &quot;oh SURE they will&quot; in fact I stopped in there to ask,for own sanity,and you guesed it thye looked at me like was from Mars-no such agreement!!.NONE of this was as pictured,and it DOES stink,not of smoke (after all it is Vegas,what do you EXPECT???? THEY ALL have smoke in them!)but of OLD Hotel the moment you hit the door!All this left me with no choice but to get drunk! And I did! Not disgusting,or falling down, just good and &quot;comfy&quot;.I had played 21,and won about 75.00 (WOW) being I had NEVER played the pit boss was nice as was the dealer.I walked up to one of the bars,and by now I was not in drunk in the least,well I orderd a Long Island Tea ,and the bar tender says &quot;you better step on along&quot;-I had done nothing,and had never laid eyes on him,I did go get the head pit boss-security and asked &quot;do I appear to be drunk or obnoxious to you Sir&quot;,and he said &quot;no&quot;,and that he would &quot;get to the bottom of it,&quot;and comped me a Corona,I have no idea what this Bartenders problem was,THEN I asked a bit later where the gift shop was from a security guy who said (very offciously&quot; &quot;its close ot the front door&quot;,.How helpfull !I REALLY do not know WHO these people think they are I was going to be there for 10 Days!!!!! I also lost my wallett! They found it! there was a message on then fixed phone,so I went to he security desk,they did not have it,as they said they did,so I went back to my room,and requested a security person,who also stated they did not have it,well I pointed out to this fellow (think Barney Fife!) I had a message to the effect that they DID. He has it in my hand in 20 mins,but had to argue FIRST of course!(of course it was not here fault,and Im gratefull I got it back,but they have runaround over EVERYTHING)I checked out after this,and went to he El Cortez a REAL jewel of Old Las Vegas,and no the olf nasty PLAZA,is NOT VINTAGE its merely old and nasty! think 70s- and never redone),and the difference in attitude was amazing,and the El Cor HAS BEEN redone and its really nice! The El Cor,made me feel at home,had goregeous rooms,and I actaully &quot;bumped into&quot; Jackie Gaughan(owner and Downtown Vegas Poineer),with an assistant,and body guard,in the elevator! This is not only REAL vintage Vegas,they do everything to make you happy!The El Cor saved my trip, and cost less than a night than the DUMP that Plaza really is,it is a huge smelly cavernous dump,with a lot of wasted space,and RUDE front line staff.None of them seemed to remember they were NOT paying me! The Execptions were the Pit Cosses,Dealers and Maids! They were all wonderfull,and I tipped the maids 20.00 each,on my lastday(I am a high tipper and there WAS NO ONE worthy of tipping elswhere! )The Freemont Street Exp,and shops and other Casinos,were SO MUCH fun!!! Lots more so that the strip! Also at the El Cor it was SAFE( its not devoid of people as far as &quot;riff-raff,but not many&quot; its only a very short walk from the Fremont St Expy,and they are not there to bother JUST YOU ,and at the most will ask for 1.00,say no or give it too them simple is it not?) BLOCK,and anyone that has written anything about being afraid od street people,at he Plaze,on Freemont,or by the El Cor,has obvously NEVER been in a big city,they are there,but few and very harmless.I would be more afraid if those so un-schooled in life that those less fortunate people actaully scare ,(those kinds of folks are in EVERY big city the world over) them than the people they are talking about.Mind you I was not expecting the Ritz,but this was beyond! And the attitude clenched it,I could have overlooked the room! The attitude no way,the Plaza is not all that cheap either!Overall I had a grand time,and did what anyone should do,with ten or more,Casinos,and more on the area,I stood there until they refunded the remaining 5 days,got a bellman,go in a cab and left,I gave it 5 days! And I was fair.Remeber its your money and your vacation and it dif not ruin mine,I simply split,and moved on,RIGHT in the middle of my vacation!Dont gripe folks take action! Dont spend yout money and be treated like dirt,or second class citizens.	
Jul 3 2007 	Disappointed	I was totally disappointed with my stay. I paid for a Deluxe Room that looked nothing like the pictures on the internet. The furniture was so old. The room needed to be painted as well as the faded paint on the vanity. The air conditioner was so loud that we could not hear the television without turning it up loud and since I have a one year old, it was impossible to watch tv, while he was alseep. Only two out of 5 elevators were working so check-out day people were lined up and waiting for a chance to leave. The room was not clean. My son managed to find an advil pill, a tack, a very long screw in various areas of the room.	
Jul 3 2007 	Perfect for those on a budget! Experience old-school Vegas...	If you are on a budget and want to experience Vegas as it may have existed 30+ years ago, the Plaza is a great choice. We stayed at the Plaza for 3 nights in Aug. 2006, and we were pleasantly surprised. The check-in staff was helpful and friendly. We requested a non-smoking room with 2 double beds, and we got that. During check-in I also requested a high-floor room with a great view of Fremont Street, and we got that too...no &quot;$20 trick&quot; required! The room was a bit basic, kind of like what you would find at a Motel 6, but it was great for the price (see pictures of our room above). The bathroom was small, but good enough for our needs. Our room was very clean, the air conditioner worked perfectly, and the beds were comfortable. The maid service was excellent - our room was very clean everyday.The casino is large but the decor is average, nothing fancy. The hotel lobby and casino were clean. I did not notice any bad smells in the hotel. We didn't eat at any of the hotel restaurants, so I can't comment on those.We did not have any bedbugs.To sum up, at the Plaza you not only get a great vintage hotel from 70s-era Vegas, you also get the &quot;old Vegas&quot; experience of downtown, which is what we were looking for on our trip last year. Based on the value you get here, I'd give it 5 stars, and if we ever stay downtown again we will stay at the Plaza.	
Jun 27 2007 	Theres "Vintage" - then theres a dump......	This place is a dump....... the floors were so dirty I didnt even want to take my shoes off......... and this is coming from a 44 year old male whose standardsa arent that high......... i slept on top of the sheets and got out of there as quickly as possible..... Do yourself a favor, spend another $20.00 and get a decent hotel..... somewhere else......	
Jun 20 2007 	Stay Away!!!! Don't Stay Here-Worst Place Ever!!	My husband and I have stayed at this hotel many times since they offered comped accommodations and it has gotten to the point that it is unbearable. I would rather sleep in my rental car than stay at the Plaza. We will gladly pay to stay somewhere else than take their free rooms. The rooms are filthy and the place smells so bad! The Plaza needs to be demolished. We don't feel safe playing in the casino or walking through the lobby since there are so many homeless and drifters hanging out around the property. There is a Greyhound bus station next to the hotel and this place seems to attract all of those questionable people destined for the ranks of the LV homeless. The bar and casino staff treated us like we were there to just drink their beverages even though we spent a great deal of money in the casino. My husband asked for a cup of coffee at the bar since there wasn't a cocktail waitress in sight. The bartender was so rude and told him he needed to be sitting at the bar and play at least $20. Do yourself a favor, stay away from this place! We've decided to give our money to Main Street Station and the Golden Nugget instead.	
Jun 15 2007 	Vintage Hotel Great!	The Plaze is a VINTAGE HOTEL, want something fancy? that cost a couple of hundred bucks a night? then go to the strip. Room was clean, cold, cozy. We had a great time, Stay was 3 days, less than 175.00 Thu, Fri and Sat. Went to Grand Canyon came back to Vegas and had paid rooms at Luxor for 2 days = 199.00 ON A TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY. Luxor way over rated If rooms were not paid for at Luxor, we would have gone back to The Plaza. Next year when we come back to Vegas it's the Plaze for us. Pool had contrator repair problems, which the courts will work out. Staff Very friendly, Breakfast,Lunch and Dinner, Eat at the Lucky &quot; 7 &quot; buffet only $7.77 and good! The Plaze is at the start of Fremont Street, or the end, which ever way you look at it, which was a blast.Give the ole hotel a try, she's VINTAGE, nice cozy and fun.If you were there when we were, I was the one who hit all the elevator buttons when I got off on the 18 floor lol. Thank You Plaza staff for a wonderful time. Sincerely, Will and Lupe S, Austin Texas	
Jun 11 2007 	Discusting!!!! Bed bugs!!!!!!!!!!!!!	My husband and I stayed this weekend and both days we woke up to Bed bugs and blood in our sheets. You smashed the bugs and blood would just squirt out... it was so nasty and did I get comped for my rooms yes, so they say! They said only for one night. What is that all about... ???? I am still waiting for the refund to come up on my debit card. I will never stay there again... My brother in law was in the room that was next to ours and his door was broken, He had to have Security come up and open his door when he would come back to his room... Truely a inconvenience. They did not even offer him another room.	
Jun 5 2007	My holiday	Hi stayed at the Plaza Hotel May 2007. I had a great time. The staff were very helpful. The room was very good. I would love to stay there again.	
May 28 2007 	A classic that needs an update	Was comped 2 nights here and had stayed here many times since the 80's. It has changed ownership many times and in some parts of the casino and rooms you can tell. Some places look very &quot;tired&quot; and worn. The staff is very friendly and helpful!! The 3 floor check in is great!! The casino games are just fine. Our room was fine, very clean but again some things were tired looking. Tv remote didn't work and not many channels to choose but you don't come to Vegas to watch tv. If you gamble and are looking for a place to lay your head this is it. This is a classic hotel that I hope they do some renovations.	
May 17 2007 	Old L V	I always have had a great experience at the The Plaza. It still gives you the feel of old Las Vegas. Room rates are alway good and the rooms are clean. Always something to do downtown on Fremont St. without walking miles to get from one casino to another.It is much better now that they have moved the hotel checkin to the 3rd floor.	
May 14 2007	Nothing wrong with the Plaza	We have played at the Plaza many times, as we love staying downtown, but this was our first time to stay at the Plaza. Needless to say, after reading the reviews on this website, we were skeptical, but decided to brave it anyway because we had free rooms from our players' cards. We don't at all regret it.Now if you're looking for luxury, do yourself a favor and get a room at the Golden Nugget. But if you're in Vegas to gamble and need a good, clean room with a nice shower and comfortable bed to sleep in, nothing wrong with the Plaza. I tipped the guy $10 when I checked in, as another person recommended and got in the North tower, which is the newer of the two. The 3rd floor check in was not that big of a deal. The elevator was right near the entrance of the hotel from the street, so very conveniently located. The rooms were old and dated but fine for a good night sleep. No cable tv, but again, we don't go for that. The bed was comfy, cold a/c, and good water pressure in the shower. The room was clean and the staff was friendly. We would stay here again.	
May 2 2007 	Bed Bugs	We had bed bugs in our room!! My friend woke up with what she thought was a rash that itched terribly. We brushed it off as a sunburn. The next day my friend was covered with welts. On her arms, shoulders and chest. All the &quot;exposed&quot; areas. My friend took a live bug to the front desk and reported the condition of our room. We wanted a full refund, but they only refunded one night. I called the manager the next day to demand a full refund and find out what they planned to do to correct the problem. The manager did not return my call.We had to wash everything in hot water and put our luggage in plastic bags. What an inconvenience!! Never again will I stay there!! Disgusting place!	
Apr 29 2007 	The Plaza is an experience best left to your enemy.	If you like mold in the bathroom, plumbing that does not like to drain, stains on the carpet and drapes, damaged doors, dated and damaged funiture, loud air conditioning, bathroom vents that have not seen a cleaning...ever, then The Plaza Hotel And Casino is the place for you. I have photos to back my statement. Please feel free to contact me.	
Apr 24 2007 	The beds were comfy	Booked a room at the Plaza because the rest of my travel group had booked there. I arrived to find that getting to check in required a trip up 3 floors and a walk through the hotel itself. Check in was speedy when I arrived but later on there was a long line and not enough staff to handle it quickly. Of note, the place stunk of cigarette smoke (poor ventilation). I got a non smoking room in the north tower (9th floor) that suprisingly didnt smell like smoke. My room had 2 chairs, a small table, 2 queen beds and a tv with remote. The bathroom had a small bottle of shampoo and a bar of soap. The TV had problems with the color and it got 10 channels.The casino was poorly lit and required the use of a respirator as there was a thick cloud of smoke throughout. Attached to the casino was the &quot;buffet&quot; and a lounge. I saw very few cocktail waitresses that were not assigned to the table games. Also on the 1st floor there is a McDonalds, Subway, diner, snack bar arcade and gift shop. There was a players club desk that gave away free t-shirts that advertised the hotels show &quot;Shag With a Twist&quot;The Plaza Buffet has a very small selection of food items and one would be better off going to the Golden Nugget or one of many other Fremont Street dining options.If one was to venture outside they would find wonderful Fremont Street directly across the street from the Plaza. There is a pool that was empty of water and 4 tennis courts on the 7th floor deck.All in all the Plaza was not a bad place to stay for a budget traveler since there were so many other options for gaming and diningon Fremont Street. If you are looking for a Strip quality hotel dont stay here but if you just need a place to sleep inbetween outings to other casinos, the Plaza gets the job done.	
Apr 24 2007 	Plaza is fine. Not spectacular but fine.	I needed a room for just one night, a Saturday. There was something major in town that weekend--a horse show I think--and everywhere I checked either (a) was sold (b) wanted a two night minimum, or (c) wanted at least $400 for that one night. I like the California and Main Street Station downtown but they were sold. The Plaza was willing to give me a Saturday night room for a mere $159, which I thought was too much for the Plaza, but it was way better than anywhere else, so I took it. I really do like downtown as I can walk to things, including a Walgreens. I've recently had bilateral knee surgery and a broken foot, so not having to walk for miles just to get thru a hotel is a major draw to me.I was surprised to find that check-in is on the third floor. I'd never been to the Plaza before but I suspect they gave up their lobby space to the fast food restaurants (subway, mcdonalds, etc.) so they could actually get some income from that street level space. There was no line to check in and the clerk was friendly.My room was one of the &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms, in other words, I went one level up from the base when I booked the room. It was supposed to be a non-smoking room, but it wasn't. However, the only reason I know this is because there were ashtrays with matchbooks on the nightstand and in the bathroom. I didn't smell anything and I normally am real sensitive to the smell of smoke.The room was....shabby. It was shabbier than the Sahara. BUT, it was clean. I have no complaints. Sure it would have been nice to have nicer furniture and newer carpet, and so forth, but there was nothing wrong with the room. It was just...not new. And that, no doubt, is why it wasn't $400.The bathroom, though oddly laid out (probably a remodel at some point to put in a better sink, toilet, and tub), was large, clean, and worked just fine. There was no coffeemaker (but I don't drink coffee), and there was no hair dryer which I did really need. It was also very quiet. My room over looked the railroad tracks and though I saw a train go by, I didn't hear a thing.I'm not a gambler so I can't speak to the casino. I walked thru part of it just to see what it was like and it pretty much looked like every other casino.I would stay at the Plaza again, but preferably when the rates are more like they usually are here. However, in a pinch, when everything else is sold or outrageous, it was perfectly acceptable.	
Apr 13 2007 	Average place but we had fun!	My husband and I usually stay on the strip, but wanted once to stay downtown just for the experience. It was great for lower stakes gambling. $5 blackjack tables everywhere we went. ($3 blackjack tables at the Golden Gate! Unheard of!)The Plaza has a bingo room, which was a fun, new experience. Pool was empty, but even if open, it didn't look all that relaxing.No jacuzzi. We selected a petite suite. Room was reasonably comfortable, clean and came with a fridge. TV only local channels and CNN. No coffeemaker. No room service. We had fantastic view on the 7th floor for Fremont Experience. No problem with the noise with window closed. We had a balcony (Yes, a real balcony!) where I placed the chairs and we could sit and watch. I really liked the smaller size of the hotel versus the big monsters on the strip. We were downstairs within a minute and you can be out the door or around the casino quickly. No dreadfully long hallways. I could get my morning coffee and zip right back up with no wait at the elevators. I found the staff to be helpful and friendly. Maid service had extra pillows very quickly.Had a fantastic dinner ~ not cheap ~ with a wonderful view at Binion's steakhouse. Had a very good buffet at Fremont Hotel.If you like to gamble, you can feel like a big spender at the Plaza. We received comps quite quickly and enjoyed that feeling. It is a bare bones hotel, but I didn't have a bad experience.	
Mar 31 2007	Returning Guest Maybe last visit.	I am presently into my 3rd day of my stay at the PLAZA HOTEL &amp;CASINO. This has been our regular hotel for about 3 years now.The first change we noticed was you now have to trudge tothe 3rd floor to check in (lugging all your bags, if you are frugal, like me). The room we got, 20th floor (awesome view) was a non-smoking with ashtrays. There was no coffee maker (dissapointed) and I had read that there was free wi-fi internet connection in public areas (not true)....this had been confirmed at the time I made reservation. Had to go out and pay in order to do some pressing work.As far as a place to stay in Vagas, if you like downtown as we do,we might just continue to stay here in the future. But we areactively checking out other places ...........Will sum up our stayafter we pay our bill, go back to New York and collect our thoughts.	
Mar 26 2007 	BAD !!! BAD!! BAD!!!	This hotel is awful !!! Its not even so cheap as you feel you can overlook some of the problems because you get what you pay for!!!! The hotel smells awful and is just OLD . We did get a non smoking room which was the only good thing about our stay.The plumbing screams the tub did not drain the carpet was dirty there was no hairdryer or coffee pot.The towels did look clean !! so did the sheets !!We did not complain as others we spoke to were worse off than us so we will never will return to this hotel.Do yourself a favor and stay elsewhere.	
Mar 22 2007 	Great stay for the price	This was my first trip to Vegas, and we went for a girls weekend. We were looking for a budget minded trip, and found the Plaza to be reasonably priced. It was a great trip! The Plaza is and older property, but it's clean and the staff was great. Very friendly and helpful. I even had a dealer try to teach me black jack.Fremont street was lots of fun! I would reccomend it to anyone looking for a party. It was a little bit of a pain to get back and forth from Fremont Street to The Strip. We ended up using the bus system &quot;The Deuce&quot;. Nice busses and friendly drivers, they were alweays willing to help. But as most public trans., it stops a lot, and so takes a long time to get anywhere.  If it is your first trip, and you are planning to spend most of it on the strip, I would not reccomend staying on Fremont Street. But, If your just looking to have fun, and do some gambling, this is a great place to stay!	
Mar 18 2007 	First Time to Downtown Las Vegas	This was the first time I'd been to Downtown Las Vegas.The Plaza is in a good location for getting to the other hotels in Downtown and it's just a short walk to the bus stop for the Duece to the Strip, but if you're getting a taxi, taking the Freeway route is MUCH quicker than going down Las Vegas Blvd.The food at the Plaza is ok, the buffet seemed to be the same selection every day though, so on a couple of occasions I went to other hotels for food. The Diner is good for a late night feed, especially if your body is still in another time zone.The room I had was on the 20th floor and was very comfortable. Could do with some updating cosmetically, but it was fine as a place to rest my head. It had a great view of Downtown and some of the Strip.Overall I'd prefer to stay on the Strip next time as there's much more going on and travelling to the Strip can take an hour by bus, but my stay was nowhere near as bad as some horror stories I've read.	
Mar 13 2007 	The Plaza is getting better	My friends and I were traveling to see vegas and hang out for a few days. The week we chose to stay, I guess all the other hotels were pretty sold out (due to the races, I had no idea). To stay within budget it was between the Plaza, some other downtown hotels, and the Sahara. We ended up at the Plaza because they had a good deal for 3 nights. I was a little apprehensive because of all the mixed reviews i had read, some being really bad and some good. Well, when we arrived late at night, the outside looked much better than the pictures i had seen. They had it all done up with blue floodlights on the sides which looked really cool with the classic old blinking lights. We parked in the garage and it looked old and not well maintained, as well did the parking garage elevator lobby that we passed through. I was pleasantly suprised when i saw the checkin area was retro yet well maintained and clean. I had hopes that the bad reviews were wrong. Checkin was pretty quick, but the late night checkin clerks didnt seem very friendly. We got our keys and proceeded to our room in the south tower on the 23rd floor. When the elevator doors opened, I felt my worst fears were revealed. the hallways were horribly outdated, with stains on the carpet, etc. We got to our room and we couldnt open the door. all 3 keys didnt work. we had to go back twice and try nine keys all together with no luck. finally we got kinda short with the clerk and he gave us another room on the 22nd floor in the south tower. When the elevator doors opened this time, I was shocked! and pleasantly suprised. The halls were tastefully decorated in a garden theme with new floral carpets and picures and fake plants. I couldnt believe it...i thought we had teleported to a different hotel. we opened our room and the same theme carried on into there with all new funiture and fixtures! I was soo happy. The pool was getting remodeled so it was closed, and the bathrooms are kinda small but it was ok. We looked on the other floors in the tower and we couldnt find one in the south one that looked like ours. they were all old and not remodeled. I think some of the rooms in the north tower are though, we saw at least one. The people in the casino and buffet were very friendly, and the food was good. It was neat to walk around freemont street and gamble, much less busy than the strip. It was very pleasant, but if you stay in the near future, make sure to ask for the 22nd floor in the south tower or one in the north tower to get one of these nice rooms.	
Mar 13 2007 	Better Than Expected	We stayed at the Plaza March 4-9th. I was worried about this property based on the reviews I had read. We were in room 1848 and had a beautiful view of the strip. The rooms were larger than other hotels downtown, although the bathroom area was small. The room was old and not in the best of shape, but it was clean. We didn't have any plumbing problems as some people have stated, and the ice machine on our floor was working just fine. We were close to the elevators and ice machine, but didn't hear any noise from them. I thought the beds were going to be very uncomfortable, but I actually slept quite well. Housekeeping never bothered us early in the morning, we were always out of the room before they came. I did have some luck gambling there, but did better at the Fremont, Fitzgeralds and Main Street Station. We ate breakfast at their 24 hour cafe, and the food was fine. I prefer being more in the middle of Fremont Street, but would stay there again. I didn't find the casino to be as smokey as some have stated. Maybe it is worse on the weekend. At times it seemed quite warm in the casino compared to others, during the day it would have been too warm for me to be in for any length of time, but late at night it was actually welcomed, as we were chilly at some of the others and were not dressed very warm. All in all, I had a better experience than I was expecting to at the Plaza.	
Mar 4 2007	Good Value and Location	I stayed at the Plaza Feb 23 - 27th. Couldn't beat the price over the weekend in Vegas. Checkin went well on a Friday night and the staff were friendly and curteous. Had a high room (20th floor) with a refrigerator. The room was OK, sheets were clean, shower/plumbing worked flawlessly, ice machine worked, and their workout room had pretty good equipment (at no additional charge to use). The room itself was kind of dirty, dirt buildup in all corners and the carpet hadn't been cleaned in quite some time. I had housekeepingcome up and vacuum. I actually had to lower the vacuum down from the highest setting and it made a pretty big difference on the carpet. The housekeeping staff was very accomodating and responded quickly to my requests.I enjoyed the hotel casino. I could always get into any game and the table limits didn't price me out of anything. They have good payouts on the Video Poker as well. Of course there is lots of smoke, but somehow I felt like the smoke was worse at some of the other casinos downtown. That may have been because the Plaza just didn't have as many people.I didn't eat at the Plaza, but instead walked down to Main Street Station, Binions, and across the street at the Golden Gate diner. All these places offer great value and good eats, with Main Street Station having a fun attitude as well.Being downtown and close to Fremont street and MSS, I thought the Plaza worked out well as my home base. I have been to Vegas many times and so the strip was not somewhere I cared to visit again. I have stayed on the strip, off strip, and downtown. Downtown worked out well and I plan to stay down there again next time.As for where to stay downtown, if one can get a good rate at the Golden Nugget, it has been rejuvenated beyond expectations and is a beautiful property now. Just watch the limits and slots as they have to pay for all that glitz somehow. Their slots, for me, were the tightest of tight. As for the Plaza, it is definitely in need of some work if they want to return it to its glory days, but it works as a cheap weekend alternative to allow me gambling money instead of sleeping money. If you have both (or a wife you are treating), I would not recommend this place as a treat. If it is your fifth time out or more and you want to game and eat reasonably, it makes for a great place to stay.	
Mar 3 2007	Never again will I stay at the plaza	Upon our arrival my friend I were skeptical from the looks of the outside. It looked hokey, and the parking garage is a disaster waiting to happen. It's cramped and no parking. What got me the check-in was on the 3rd floor way out of the way and not only was it an inconvience with out luggage to hall it all on to an elevator, back off and down a ramp into dark, dingy musty smelling atmospehere. The clerk who attended us was way unhelpful. She asked the clerk twice if she needed to keep the registration to the room to the show the parking garage attendant that we were guests and he told her twice that no she didn't need to keep and to throw it away, which was a mistake because we almost had to pay $10 for parking. When we got to our room it was horrible. There was no wallpaper on my half of the room and there was a bullet hole in the T.V. It reeked of cigeratte smoke and when I went to lay down the mattress was as hard as a rock. When trying to sleep after a night of partying I could hear the other guests in their room, with their T.V turned up way high and I could hear their conversation with the man gurgguling. I didn't notice any bedbugs, but come to think of it I woke up with a few itchy bumps. WAY GROSS!!!! Everything at that hotel and casino is way gross! It may be way cheap, but I would rather pay the extra for the little extra!! NEVER AGAIN!!!!	
Mar 2 2007 	Needs updated	We are not people who are known for staying at 4 or 5 star hotels so I would say our standards are very reasonable. The rooms are showing some very serious signs of wear and tear. The carpets are almost worn, out the furniture is looking real bad,.and the bathroom is so small if you are an above average person in weight don't stay here because there is no room to even sit on toilet. There are no ironing boards or hair dryers.It is really a no frills room. The halls leading up to the room are downright filthy. I would maybe stay if it was the only place available but there are many better places to stay in Vegas for the same rate range as the Plaza.We had a great time gambling downtown(looser machines than strip) but the Plaza is really falling apart icluding the hotel and casino.	
Feb 19 2007	Nice Stay	We just got back from staying at The Plaza, and we enjoyed it very much. It was my first time to Vegas and can't wait to go back and stay at The Plaza again.	
Jan 28 2007	no not the plaza! anywhere but!	Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money to stay at the Golden Nugget, well worth the extra $.This place should be torn down before it falls down and hurts someone.The ceiling was about to fall in on us in the shower, you wondered if you would be knocked out by the falling plaster or drowned in the standing water as it rose up to you knees while showering. (homeless people would turn down a free night here)Booked a non-smoking room and didn't get it the first night. The next morning the customer service person was really rude but I still was able to get a room change. (she wouln't be working for me)New room was aged but not to perfection, peeling wall paper and shower drain was all but draining. Moved to a non-smoking room with high hopes, same condition as the last room, the only difference, it didn't have the ashtrays. Left early and went down to the Goldern Nugget to find a great room for a little more money, well worth it. The Nugget also had people who could smile and be nice to you, what a concept!Bottom line, if you like dirty rooms that should be condemmed and rude people , by all means stay here.If you want to feel excellent and be treated great, take some advice and stay at the Nugget for a few dollars more.Would never again stay here even if they paid me, not being a snob but hey, all I was looking for was a clean room for a good price, not here!Good luck to all that stay here! found other visitors with the samecomments on their way out the door.RJ	
Jan 21 2007 	Bed Bugs at the Plaza	This hotel is a disaster! We stayed here during the Consumer Electronics Show. We picked the Plaza because it was cheap. Big mistake! Apparently it's so cheap bed bugs are included in the room. At night these disgusting bugs come out to take sips of blood. We woke up with several red bite marks that are very itchy. Hotel Management said they were aware of the problem but they refused to move us to another room! They also would not refund our money. We checked out early and into a more expensive hotel. We knew the Plaza had a bad reputation when we booked it; we wanted to save some $$ but we did not expect a room infested with bed bugs! Someone should notify the Health Department!	
Jan 5 2007	You Get What You Pay For	You get what you pay for at this place. I wouldn't say it was absolutely horrible but for the price you can definitely find better. The rooms are actually nicer than they appear on their website but the hotel itself offers absolutely no amenities whatsoever. No room service, no in-room movies (10 or so channels and that's IT), no blowdryers in the rooms - I called and requested hair conditioner and they had none. The beds were horrible and the maid service left something to be desired. You hear all kinds of banging and knocking on the walls and halls in your room. These are simple things but things that can add or take away from an enjoyable stay. The buffet wasn't very good at all but I did enjoy the food in the diner. The drinks in the casino were extremely watered down. I had to call security in the middle of the night two different times because of the people next door laughing and partying and carrying on at 3a.m. Honestly I probably shouldn't have been able to hear them, they were loud but just laughing and talking so in other words - the walls are very thin. I think you can definitely find something better for your money, the hotel is just very outdated and does not have a modern feel or offer modern conveniences and amenities.	
Dec 26 2006	Avoid this disaster	It was awful the moment we tried to check in. We booked a suite for New Years Eve and was told they did not have any more available when we arrived at 2pm. I was told: &quot;It's first come, first served&quot;, even though I reserved a suite. They then put us in a standard room which had not been cleaned, full of cigarette burns, and what appeared to be pubic hair on the toilet seat. I then tried to book at the Golden Nugget, but they were sold out. They then put us in a suite and said the couple had not arrived yet. What happened to &quot;First come, first served&quot;? We received no apology, the food was atrocious, and the service is poor. The dealers look like they would rather be working somewhere else, and they told me so too. The Comps are the poor. I could go on and on, but I won't. I'm not the type to complain to management, but this was unacceptable.Save yourself the trouble and stay somewhere else!	
Dec 13 2006 	Good Stay but be prepared to wait	We stayed at the Plaza over the Thanksgiving Day Holiday Weekend.It was our first time in Vegas, so we were mainly there to sight-see more than gamble. The Plaza was definitely a reasonable place to stay for a weekend. Defintely value for money. The room was huge and clean. We did have some problems with the hot water in the shower and the check in desk was also a little hidden - so keep your eyes peeled.The Bus Service from downtown to the strip sometimes bordered on the ridiculous. There would always be 5 - 6 empty buses heading in the opposite direction to which you wanted to go - while you had to wait at least 30 mins for a bus that was already packed to the rafters.The Freemont Street Experience was definitely worth seeing, and if we'd stayed on the strip we probably wouldn't have seen it.Overall, if I were going back midweek, I'd stay somewhere on the strip, but it served our purposes well.	
Dec 12 2006	The Plaza is Awesome!	My husband and I stayed at the Plaza from December 1 - 4, 2006. The guest check-in desk has been moved to the third floor since I was there last but the process was VERY quick and the staff were efficient and professional. Unlike the other posts, I found all of the staff to be friendly and informative. Our room was clean and everything was in working order. The room was quiet and the shades are heavy enough so you can simulate nighttime darkness at any hour of the day! We never heard any other people coming and going. I signed up for a player's card and found the comps to be extremely generous. We also saw the new show in their theater - &quot;Shag with a Twist&quot; - very entertaining! We also ate at the &quot;Center Stage&quot; restaurant - my shrimp dish was the best ever and you can't beat the view - front and center for the Fremont Street Experience light show!! I highly recommend the Plaza - their rates are reasonable and their location is ideal for downtown.	
Nov 27 2006 	just another hotel	This hotel is fine if your looking for somewhere to sleep....if your looking for friendly, happy, helpful staff - look somewhere else.During our trip not one staff smiled....ever....not even when we were asking a question. If it was not for being right at Fremont Street I would have stayed somewhere else. Even the hotel gift shop was unfriendly and yet I spent my money there.Sahara and Stratesphere are about the same price......you should check them out first.	
Oct 16 2006	A Real DUMP	This was the second year (of the 6 years we stayed there) they totally messed up our reservations.Made reservations in December for a Sept stay - Booked 4 rooms.. When we got there... NOTHING WAS AS RESERVED... The room we got was OLD - DIRTY - WORN-OUT...Front Desk as well as other employees - Were Rude &amp; Un-HelpfulWOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ANYONE &amp; I WILL LOOK FOR ANOTHER PLACE TO STAY NEXT YEAR...	
Oct 3 2006 	Great Inexpensive Stay. Loved It	We stayed at the Plaza Hotel and Casino from Sept. 20  25, 2006. From beginning to end we had a great experience. At check in on the 3rd floor I merely suggested that I would like a room with a great view of the Fremont street experience, and Whoala.. we had a room on the 7th floor and could not have asked for better. Having a fridge in the room to keep cold waters was definitely a plus also. The housekeeping staff kept everything spotless and I have to say that I really enjoyed tipping here. The staff seemed very appreciative of both your tips and your business. No attitude from anyone. We stayed at the MGM grand in May and I can not say the same for the staff there. Friendly for the most part yes but also an underlying air of snobbiness. There is a new diner in the Plaza that just opened a month or so ago. Excellent food and good service. Was nice to not have to wait in a long line for the 24 hour strip diners and then receive sloppily made food. Everything was priced right and big portions. Gambling downtown on the whole was a much more lucrative experience. This was our first time staying downtown and I doubt we will ever be able to rationalize the $500-1000 difference in price. Downtown rocks!!! You can take the money you didnt spend for a room on the strip and use it to gamble with or see some shows. We went for the gambling option (he, he) and did very well. Every day I broke even if not came out ahead on the slots. My husband played blackjack at Fitzgeralds and won all of our spending money back. WE LOVE DOWNTOWN!!!!! And yes the bus stop is next door and yes you need to be careful. That is just common sense. After midnight we were more cautious and I didnt sit at a machine all night while my husband slept upstairs (well at least not as far as he knows). You just have to be aware of your surroundings and not drink so much that you can be taken advantage of. Again common sense.You want a nice, inexpensive, fun and friendly place to stay. Give the Plaza a try!!!!!	
Sep 23 2006 	Plaza Visit...	I received a mail offer for a free/reduced room for September 18 &amp; 16,2006. I always choose to stay Downtown but never stayed at the Plaza previously. The room was in the North Tower on the 5th floor. I was very satisfied with the room; it was very clean, quite large, had excellent hot water pressure, and was quiet. The check-in is on the 3rd floor and only took a few minutes. The staff were helpful and pleasant. While gambling, the beer/drinks were always available. I never had any bad experiences at the Plaza and would certainly stay there again. I like the location.	
Sep 16 2006 	Nice Weekend	We stayed on the strip a few times, and deciced to try downtown. I booked our trip on tues, and arrived on thurs. We stayed at the Plaza, and found it all right. It is a older hotel, but we found it clean and the people were very helpful. Our room was big and it was clean. You could notice that it is older, by the carpets, and the older furniture, but everything worked fine, and how much time do you spend in your room. We stayed on the 5th floor, which was great because the pool and the exercise room were on that floor. The nightlife on Freemont was terrific and would stay there again. So for a quick weekend getaway this is a great place to go, and I even won some money to boot. Great trip Plaza.	
Sep 15 2006	Good deal	If you like to save some money stay in downtown. Fremont street has a carnival atmosphere with a lot of free music and crafts plus the laser shows. The Plaza is not as fancy as the big hotels on the strip but it is a nice clean hotel. It has the best pool downtown. The buffet is below par but one block away is one of the better buffets in Vegas at the Main Street Casino. Did not go to the show in the Plaza but did go to the Elvis Show in Fitzgeralds and also a magic show down on the strip at The Tropicana. You can also find 2 for 1 coupons for downtown buffets.	
Sep 15 2006 	Plaza: $50 Midweek $99 Weekend Thru Dec.	These rates are typical. They haven't sold it in the last six months, or slated it for implosion, so Plaza management is sprucing the place up. The room carpets are cleaner, and the corners have been cleaned! The maids are working hard. Give the desk clerk $10 to &quot;Pick you out a nice one&quot; when you check-in, and you'll be thrilled with your room. The buffet is not good. Spend the $6.99 at the 24 hour diner. It is good. The snack bar is not good. The Center Stage is good if you can afford it. Parking is free. There is no hair dryer in your room. Bring one. There is no coffee maker in your room. Get one. There are only 3 pillows in your room. As soon as you unlock the door, call Housekeeping and ask for another pillow. Tip $2 to the person who brings it. Join the slot club and play a few bucks and you should get some mailers for room discounts in the future.	
Sep 13 2006 	Possibly the worst hotel I've stayed in	First off, let me say that I am not a picky hotel stayer. In fact, I usually stay at B&amp;Bs, so things like small rooms, or basic furnishings don't upset me. I stayed in the Plaza in July because we were attending a convention within the hotel, so it seemed convenient, and it certainly was cheap, so one might say, you get what you pay for. We thought that too, which is why we didn't complain or ask to be moved, even though our TV was not working- it had a picture but the images were so blurred, it looked like we were watching Mask. We also didn't complain about the constantly streaming faucet- not just dripping, but streaming. The things that crossed the line for me, and drove me to write this review(though I admit I waited til I was back on tripadvisor to do it- a couple months after the fact) were 2 things. First, getting my PRESCRIPTION glasses stolen from poolside and the way it was dismissed, and having maintenence enter our room the morning we were checking out despite the do not disturb sign. So, first the glasses. I guess I learned the hard way that I shouldn't have left them carefully atop the towel on my chair, because they were within view and easy to pick off, and they did have clip-ons on them so they may have just looked like sunglasses to the thief. But, man, that was heartbreaking. I can't see that well without my glasses, and didn't have any backup. I ended up wearing my boyfriend's backup pair to cirque du soleil that night. The thing that was upsetting was that we know that cameras are everywhere in casinos. We have friends who have gotten rooms comped by asking them to check the cameras and verify that they lost enough money in a casino to get their room comped, but the reply from security to my glasses (and another woman who lost sunglasses at the same time) was a shrug of the shoulders, and a &quot;We don't even check the cameras for drug deals.&quot; Maybe they just meant in the pool area, but either way, not quite what you want to hear from your hotel. The other upsetting incident was the morning we were checking out. We hung out the do not disturb sign and went to Starbucks to grab a quick breakfast before coming back to shower, collect our bags and check out. Don't ask me why my boyfriend hadn't showered before breakfast, it would've helped things, but it didn't seem to matter at the time. So, all set to do that, we walk back to our room and find the door ajar. We enter to find a maintenence man in the bathroom with the toilet IN the bathtub!! He thought we had called to have him fix the toilet which apparently wasn't securely affixed to the floor anymore, but it was the one thing that at least seemed to be working fine in the room, ironically! We were confused and said we hadn't called, and why had he come in, when the do not disturb sign was out? Who knows, no answer there. I was really angry and frustrated, because instead of just getting out of there, we had to wait another 1/2 hour for the guy to finish fixing the toilet so that my boyfriend could take his shower. Why this repair couldn't have waited to be done until after we had checked out, I can't fathom. I learned a valuable lesson there at the pool, which is pretty sad- a person can't even wear their glasses to the pool anymore for fear of having them stolen. I also learned that I will NEVER stay in the Plaza again.	
Sep 3 2006 	For $94 for a suite on a Saturday night - best hotel choice!!!!	We have always stayed on the Strip in Vegas and come downtown for the Fremont Street Experience but, obviously never had a full night here. Our first choice, Golden Nugget, would not allow arrivals on a Saturday night, so we picked The Plaza instead and are so glad we did!!!For $94 we got a non-smoking suite, with loads of space, big bed, fridge, big bathroom area and the most amazing view we've had in Vegas. Yes, the room was a little worn around the edges but was very very clean and felt very &quot;Old Vegas&quot;. Location-wise, the Plaza is fantastic for down-town and let's face it - the strip isn't that far away by taxi. We had a great night downtown and finished it off with a meal in the Centre Stage restaurant - we were given a table with a great view of Fremont Street Experience and had a good meal - the steak my husband had would have been a Sunday roast for 4 people at home!Other food choices are a bit poor if you're not a fan of McDonalds or hot dogs.The Plaza has convinced us that next time we visit Vegas, chances are we'll be staying downtown again!	
Aug 10 2006 	Basic Lodging - Reasonable Price	There was a convention in downtown Las Vegas we wanted to attend, so we decided to stay at The Plaza. The check in was fast and we had a great view of downtown Las Vegas from our 9th floor room. The room was basic and clean. Although, the TV remote control did not work and there was a broken towel bar in the bathroom. The swimming pool area was large and clean. If you want a taste of old Vegas and a good value, give The Plaza a try. If you're used to the high priced Vegas Strip Hotels, do not stay at The Plaza. I was told The Plaza has new owners, so hopefully they will make some improvements to this older hotel soon...	
Aug 8 2006	Had a ok Stay	We arrived at the Plaza on July 21st and stayed throught the 27th.Check-in was done very quiclky. I was a little surprised to see it on the 3rd floor ,but there were no lines and everything was very quite.After arriving in our room, which was adequate. It wasnt anything fancy but met our needs and was comfortable and cool. Air Conditioner was great. It was clean thou the cold water didnt work great .We ate a few meals here, and all were very good. Ate upstairs one time at the Centerstage. Food was great.,the matre de was rude, but the others were great.We did most of our gambling at the Plaza, my husband did fantastic,and I did ok.We just play slot machines.Was a little disappointed to see some things closed downtown. The lady Luck was boarded up, The Neonpolis was closd except for movies. One of the restaurants in our hotel was closed down. The entertainment on Fremont street was nice but didnt start until evening.We got a little bored during the day, and went uptown to the strip. The bus was a terrible way to go,They pack you in there like sardines. Taxi was the way to go. It wasnt too expensive . You could go to the middle of the strip for about 15.00. The heat was horrendous.I have a heart problem so had a hard time walking between hotels, and it was along ways between hotels. We had ice cream cones on the strip and it cost 15.00, but it so hot I wouldve paid twice that.	
Jul 26 2006 	Moved to Different Hotel after One Night at the Plaza	Booked stay at Plaza a month in advance asking for Fremont St View up high with smoking room. No such room available when we arrived, as they said they were short on maids and the rooms didn't get all done. Check in desk was out of hotel maps. Manager told us customer requests for certain rooms are just that, requests, and they don't hold certain rooms open for customer reservations. First room they gave us (710) had a broken down a/c unit. Second room we got room 2125, the a/c worked poorly all night and never got the room cool. We roasted all night and ended up sleeping on floor next to a/c unit. Even the elevators and hallways were hot. Told the night desk, but nothing was done about it. Our room had cracked and peeling wall paint/paper and obviously needed repaired. Ice machines weren't working on multiple floors. Check in desk on 3rd floor is a very long walk with luggage from the parking garage. No refrig or high speed internet available in rooms, but available on main floor kiosk for 30 cents/min. Asked clerk about WiFi hotspot, since we seen several people on their laptops near check in, but she knew nothing about it. No coffee machine in rooms. This room was not worth $110/night in our opinion. Main floor cafe closed. Only nice thing was a McDonalds open 24/7. We checked out next morning and found a much nicer place with all the amenities for $10 more a night. We will not be going back to the Plaza.	
Jul 8 2006	the worst hotel in las vegas	me and my wife stayed at the 6/25/06-6/27/06,and i will never came to the plaza even for free ,due to the following reasons1. stinky room and corridor and very dirty2. old furniture (old brokn table)3. the carpet very old with lot of stains4.old and scare elivators5. the check in is in the 3rd floor this is a joke or what? very inconvinece with suitcases6. the aircondition very noisy like an airplane engine.7. i left the hotel with bad taste, bad hotel, bad staff. bad evrythigs.dont do my mistake, search another hotel, any hotel in downtown is much better and nicer .	
Jul 8 2006	Great place will return to the Plaza again and again!	I've been coming to Vegas for 14 years. For the first 13 years, I always stayed on the strip. The Vegas strip has become too tiring, too crowded, and too expensive. It's become a joke, really. Bad odds, expensive food, and everything is a cattle call. There are no more deals to be had there, and between people pushing strollers and the card flippers, it's become a pain to walk more than a couple of blocks.While I'd visited downtown many times, I had never stayed there. For my trip in May, I decided to change that. Being a movie fan, I decided to stay at The Plaza. You see, The Plaza has been featured in many films, including Casino, The Stand, and Back To The Future II. My curiosity got the best of me, and I made my reservation. The Plaza is currently undergoing a remodel and restoration. Most people who stay there don't realize this, mainly because the staff and the workers are doing it one piece at a time, and in such a way that it will have the smallest impact on guests. Ask anyone working there though, and they'll tell you all about it. The best thing is, there are no plans to raise room rates once the renovations are complete! The Plaza will just keep getting better and better. Check-in was a bit odd, the main 'lobby' area of the hotel has been converted into the Players Club signup. Registration is on the newly remodeled 3rd floor. A bit odd to find it at first, but once I got there, I was impressed. Lots of friendly staff behind the counters, and they were always smiling. They seemed very interested in any questions I had, and accomodated my room requests without making any big deal out of it. The new lobby itself is a knockout, very classy and elegant. Very spacious too, I can see why they moved it. It has a new lounge there, which adds to the ambience. If this is what they're planning on doing with the rest of the hotel, I'm intrigued already. I had a smoking room on the 7th floor. It was very large, and included an easy chair with ottoman. Very comfortable. The room was clean, but the furniture was older and the carpet was worn with age. No big deal. The bathroom was clean. I've actually seen worse on the strip and paid twice as much for it! On that trip, I only stayed one night and didn't explore much else in The Plaza. A month later (June) I came back to Vegas with friends for a few days, and after my experience the month before, we decided to skip the strip altogether, and we got rooms at The Plaza again. Again, I got a great welcome from the helpful staff at check-in. This time, I got a smoking room on the 19th floor, while my friends got a non-smoking room on the 17th floor directly below mine. These were both North tower rooms. Both rooms faced Fremont, and had a great view. There was no noise from the FSE or anything else going on down there. Very quiet, overall. Again, the room I had was in similar shape to the room in May. Clean, comfortable, but worn. However, my friends in the non-smoking room had all new carpeting, new furniture, a fridge in the armoire... the room was fantastic! And, here in lies one of the biggest secrets about Vegas hotel rooms: Smoking rooms are the last ones to get renovated, always. If you're a smoker, and the hotel offers rooms with a balcony, get a non-smoking room, and smoke outside. You'll always have a much nicer room.On this trip, I was able to check out the hotel and casino much more. I ate breakfast and dinner at the buffet, and it was OK for breakfast. Nothing special, and it was inexpensive. Dinner was also cheap, but not that good. It's small, and has a very limited selection. There are a few other places downtown that charge $5 more (about $10-12 total) with much better food, and much wider selection. The coffee shop closed down for renovation on my second day, so I didn't get a chance to check it out. No big deal, Binions, The Cal, and The Vegas Club all have excellent coffee shops that are open 24 hours, are literally a 3 minute walk away, and are also very inexpensive with quality food. The Keno lounge was small, but it looked like they were looking to expand that area, too. The chairs were comfortable, and the staff was great. Drinks came often. I don't play Bingo, but their Bingo room was huge, and from some of the people I talked to, this was the place to go to for Bingo in Vegas. I'll take their word for it.The table games area of the casino was large and wide open, unlike a lot of places where you can barely walk through it. The sports book was large, had stadium seating for watching games, and had lots of seats with personal TVs for racing bettors. I'll be spending more time there on the next trip!The slot area takes up the largest part of the casino floor, which is bigger than it looks. The Plaza does a great job with organizing the slots - there's plenty of room around them, yet they have a huge amount and variety of games available. You can barely walk through some of the slot areas in other casinos, not true here. After my two stays at The Plaza, I started reading reviews on this website, which is what prompted me to write this review. I have to seriously ask, what are some of these reviewers expecting? For $29 a night, you're getting a room and amenities that surpass all but the top luxury hotels in most cities! Some people have complained that the Greyhound bus terminal is 'right there' and brings in a lot of riff-raff. The bus terminal is on the 16 acre property, but it is not 'right there.' It's far from the entrance of The Plaza. This is downtown Las Vegas, the riff-raff is already built in, they don't need a bus terminal! For what it's worth, I've seen more panhandlers and actual homeless people on the strip. Also, downtown doesn't have the card-flippers passing out ads for women on every single corner! There's also much less litter, and much more breathing room on the FSE than you'll ever find on the strip. Because of the cheaper prices and better odds, downtown does attract some lower income people. From reading reviews, I think this is what really irks some people the most. I think maybe they see someone in blue collar working clothes and assume they're homeless. In reality, everyone I've met and talked to downtown is friendly an articulate. There are also a lot of visitors from Asia, UK, and Canada that stay there for the bargains. Vegas has something for everyone, and if paying $300 a night so you can rest comfortably knowing that there's faux marble columns in the lobby of your hotel is your thing, then don't come to The Plaza. If you come downtown at all, stay at the Golden Nugget. However, if you don't care what your lobby is made of, want a great room at a great hotel at a great price, stay at The Plaza.	
Jul 5 2006	Do yourself a favor stay elsewhere!	Upon arrival by car we had a terrible time trying to park. The parking garage attendant told us we had to pay $10.00 to park our car or go down the street to the other parking lot. Upon arrival at teh other parking lot we were promptly turned away, this attendant told us this parking lot was for special event guests only and since we were checking into hotel we needed to go to the other parking lot we just came from. Well, we explained to the gentleman what the other parking lot attendant told us. He went ahead and called the other parking lot attendant and the told us to go down there again. So off we go. This time the lot attendant being well informed asked us for drivers license for id and room reservation confirirmation then went and checked some list before giving us the go ahead to enter the parking ramp. this all took about half an hour!  Finally we arrived on the 3rd floor of the parking ramp parked the car and went into the building to check in. Check in process was smooth and the clerk was courteous.Our room was on the 18th floor. We requested a non smoking king bed which we got.The room was very large but had an odor of mold and old cigarettes. the carpet was badly soiled and stained. the bathtub had virtually no caulk around it and was pretty gross looking at best. the wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling and the bath room was extremely small. The couch and love seat was badly stained also. Thank goodness the sheets were clean anyway. Pillows you call those little tiny things a pillow? bed as very firm borderline comfy. Ceiling was philthy from the a/c blowing dirt from the filters.Casino .. hmm very dirty and smokey. Put $60.00 in a penny machine and went to my room an hour later. Machines just were not paying and not just for me either! Early morning riser I looked for a cup of coffee at 6 am but ended up going down Fremont street to grab coffee at the doughnut shop down there.The price was cheap maybe to cheap. I think I will spend the few extra dollars and stay on the strip at a better hotel from now on. I have stayed in Vegas many times and tried many different hotels and this is the first one that I will never go back too!	
Jun 19 2006	Don't let bad reviews scare you away!!!!	I reserved my room at the Plaza before I read the reviews. I was scared to death at check in to see how dirty and gross my room would be. I only paid $29 per night so I thought I would get the worst of the worst. To my suprise my room did not smell and was very clean. I lifted the mattresses and moved the head board to look for the bed bugs I read about and found none. There was a little bit of dust in the corners of the room but that was the only problem. The shower was clean and lots of hot water and preasure although the toilet was a little slow to flush. My room had a fridge without requesting one (fill it with suff at local Wallgreens and save lots of $$$). Everyone at the hotel was great and friendly. I did not try the buffet as it really did not look that great, but did try Main Street Station. Yum. Lots of waitresses and lots of free drinks (unlike the strip). The pool was uncrowded , clean and refreshing, they even have a poolside bar! I overall recommend this hotel to people with realistic expectations on what to expect at a standard hotel. I will definitely will stay here again.	
Jun 19 2006	Nice Stay Overall!	Stayed at the Plaza June 12-16. We had a large party so we actually rented 2 rooms both on the 16th floor of the south tower. Rooms were extremely large and well maintained. We had read the &quot;bed bug&quot; reviews and are happy to report that they do not exist. No problems what so ever! However, the buffet did not appeall to us. The selections and preparation were weak. With other nice buffets downtown, avoid the Plaza's. We gambled extensively at the Plaza and had very little luck. Actually every where seemed to be tight. The pool and sundeck are undergoing minor construction. The area is clean and great for sunbating. The construction does not hinder usage. It will definitely be nice once all is completed. The only real concern I had was a &quot;arrogant security oficer&quot; working the fornt door on Friday. As we were awaiting our airport shuttle the area became quite crowded. One of our party sat down out of harms way near the edge of the building. He quickly told her that sitting was not permitted in this area. I guess it was a slow day for him. Maybe the Plaza should use my my losses and install some additional benches. We would most definitely stay at the Plaza on a return trip!!	
May 30 2006	Hated the Plaza	We just returned from a trip to Las Vegas and stayed at the Plaza. I had booked the Plaza based on pictures I found on a hotel-booking web page to remain nameless. The pictures showed a nice looking room, not luxury, but nice. The rooms we were given were nothing at all like the pictures. Our room had very, very old furniture, an ancient tv, old stained carpeting. The air conditioner was incredibly loud. The wallpaper was peeling off in one area. The bathroom vanity had at least 10 burn marks on it. The second room of our party smelled. Kind of a musty, stagnant smell. The maid service was below mediocre. Our tv was not dusted in 4 days, nor was it dusted before we arrived. It had about an inch of dust on the screen. The garbage was not taken out the first day, the second day it was taken out, but apparently some of it spilled out when the maid emptied it, and it was not picked up. Not nice. The check in desk is on the 3rd floor, and from the main entrance you actually walk by rooms to get to it. I wonder if those rooms hear that foot traffic? Staff was polite, not really friendly. The only restaurant we went to in the Plaza was McDonald's. Nice for a burger run after midnight. The buffet looked very small. We loved staying downtown, but will never stay at the Plaza again. I wasn't expecting luxury, but certainly expected it to live up to the photos seen on another web page.	
May 27 2006	Nasty Bed Bugs	My room at the Plaza was infested with bed bugs! Reading the reviews on this site I realize other guests at this dump had bed bugs in their rooms, too! Hotel management seems to be in denial that they have a problem. My follow up letter of complaint was ignored. After I got home I did some research on bed bugs and found out what a menace they are! They leave itchy, red bite marks that can even cause permanent scars. They spread by &quot;hitchhiking&quot; home in a hotel guests luggage. Once in a home they will quickly breed and infest the entire place! It is almost impossible to get rid of them once they are established. I go to Las Vegas to have a good time, not to deal with nasty, blood-sucking bed bugs. The Plaza has lost a customer!	
May 24 2006	Plaza Hotel has mold!	We stayed at the Plaza Hotel and it was the worst experience of my life. There was MOLD all over the shower head, there were LAYERS of dust in several places in the room. The managers were unwilling to move us to a different room. They would not honor their coupons as printed, the bellhops were rude and uncourteous. The pool is tiny and closes at 5pm. It was a nightmare!	
May 20 2006	Last time I stay at the Plaza!	I have stayed at the Plaza twice before and had no problems. This time, however, there were numerous things wrong. The week before we got there, they had no hot water, so guess we were lucky on that subject. But the water was shut off in the whole hotel for over an hour during the day. Very inconvenient. Our room refrigerator was broken, but it did keep things cold. Having check-in on the 3rd floor was strange, but if you know to park on the 3rd floor of the ramp, it's not too bad. The front desk staff was nice and it was easy to check in and out. BUT..on the last day, when we loaded up our luggage and came back to our room to collect our food (that was keeping cold in the fridge) the maid had taken it all and thrown it away. We hadn't even checked out, yet. We went round and round with the cleaning supervisor, but didn't get anything out of it. We had unopened chips, salsa and pop, so we're pretty sure the cleaning staff had a nice little party in their breakroom that day. In one of the rooms of our party, the air conditioner stopped working, so she had to move to a really stinky room for her last night's stay. Then on the morning we all checked out, our AC didn't work, either. The pool was under renovation, but we could still use the pool. I don't understand why that type of work wasn't done in colder months.The Plaza is an OK hotel for cheap, but so is the Stratosphere. And that's new. I've stayed there, too, and the next time I go the Vegas, I will stay there again.	
May 18 2006	very disappointed	This was my 34th trip to Las Vegas and we always stay at the Plaza or Las Vegas Club. As there was no rooms at Las Vegas Club, we stayed at the Plaza. The air conditioner was not working properly and the room was so hot we didnt get a very good nights sleep. They tried to fix it but unfortunely it &quot;broke&quot; again. We were asked if we wanted another room but since it was our last night we declined. The hotel is outdated and needs a lot of work. The bus station is just outside the door as is the valet. It is a little scary coming in late after a night of gambling.	
May 17 2006	Old but OK	I read the reviews prior to my stay and was a little worried of what I was getting into. First off, the Plaza is rated as a two star hotel and that is what you're getting. I found the room and casino tiddy and clean. Overall the hotel needs to be updated and work is slowing starting on this process. I enjoyed the pool and sun deck area. The Plaza is remodeling in the pool area but it didn't hinder use of the pool or sun deck. For the price, you can't go wrong with the Plaza and if looking for a reasonable downtown location, I would consider staying there.	
May 8 2006	Could've been worse....could've been better too. Kind of scary!	My family and I had an acceptable stay at the Plaza Hotel. The thing we noticed first was that the front desk staff was very friendly and accomodating. We were helped by Wanda and she went to great lengths to see that our requests for specific accomodations were taken care of. Our room was a nice surprise because it was very large and clean. I had read many reviews of this hotel and was worried that our room would be tiny, filthy or have bed bugs, but none of that was the case. What a relief!That being said, there is substantial room for improvement at this hotel. The entire facility is very dated and could use a complete makeover. Carpets are dirty looking and torn and other areas just have a dirty look to them. The worst thing about this hotel is its location. It is in downtown Las Vegas and is right next door to the bus station. There are MANY homeless people hanging around at all hours of the day and night. They are filthy and some are very intoxicated and they tend to congregate in the lounges and the sports book area of the hotel. This is the first time in my many trips to Las Vegas that I was leary of walking around the hotel alone. Security had to remove one homeless woman from the lounge during a show because she was so intoxicated she passed out in her chair after she had been seen groping hotel guests. As to whether or not I would stay there again...the answer would be &quot;no&quot;. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be since I read many reviews on this site however it isn't for me. If you prefer a safer area and a more updated hotel with ameneties this one's not for you. I'm going to stick to The Strip next time I'm in Vegas. It's a little more pricey but worth it.	
Apr 30 2006 	Don't Even Consider This Hotel	I have been going to Vegas for over twenty years. I attended a convention at The Plaza and decided it would be better to have a room there, even though I had never been there before. BIG MISTAKE. Check-in is on the third floor not the lobby floor. Inconvenient if you have luggage. The overall condition of the hotel was the pits! The hallway carpets had HUGE stains as you walk to the room. The &quot;non smoking&quot; floors smelled awful. Upon entering the room, carpets remained stained, faded lamp shades water stained, the mattresses looked and felt like they hadn't been updated for twenty years. Furniture and &quot;poster paintings&quot; look like something out of the fifties. No hairdryer or iron. Amentities were very scarce. It took for ages for the front desk and housekeeping to answer the phone. The linens appeared to be cleaned, but when we pulled the bedspread off the second bed, black long hair strands were on the pillow and mattress linen. Needless to say, we demanded a check out immediately and received a credit on our charge. We moved to the Golden Nugget... was quite happy there.The only plus of the hotel is the location... right across from the Fremont Experience.	
Apr 24 2006	best of the downtown hotels	Stayed at the Plaza in march-april 4 nights..My 4th stay there..The Plaza is the best hotel in downtown..Good $6.95 buffet..Clean room..Good toiletries..Good reception staff but arrogant unhelpful bell men..I asked one about transport for going out of town other than hiring a car..He told me to hitchhike..I was not amused..I guess It was because I didn't have a $5 bill in my hand..Phil Joste	
Apr 19 2006	Needs Major Updating 	First let me say I have stayed at dozens of Vegas hotels so I think I am a fair judge of the good/bad in Vegas.Booked our Plaza room for $59-89 per night so I knew it was a 'budget' hotel in the downtown section. Reserved a King Non-Smoking direct on the Plaza's website months in advance. Checked in after midnight and was told 'room requests are not guaranteed'. Received 2 Dbls, smoking. The room was very run-down, smoky and unclean. The bed had hair in it. The shower head had mold on it. I am not exagerrating. We overheard other guests talking about a 'new' section so perhaps we were in one of the oldest rooms. The pool area was all torn up, presumably for renovation?The positives are that there were a lot of budget places to eat/drink around and in the hotel....Seattle's Best Coffee, McDonalds, Subway, etc. Most of them not marked up to resort prices. This hotel is also right on Freemont Street, which is cool at night.For a budget hotel, I found Las Vegas Club or Stratosphere to be much nicer.	
Apr 18 2006	not great but not bad either	We stayed at the plaza downtown vegas the beginning of April. Rooms were clean and we had a great view of freemont street. Our only complaint was the staff was not friendly (with the exception of one great bartender.) The casino does have a bad odor and the gambling was poor.	
Apr 13 2006	OK it's older but...	Yes it's older some of the carpeting could use replacing and the blonde furnishings are dated, but the rooms have always been clean and I've never had a bad stay there. I've stayed there probably 20 times over the last several years.  My wife and I stayed there (her first visit to Vegas), 3/21-3/23. She loved it. The staff is friendly, many I spoke to were happy and enthusiastic about changes taking place now and in the future since PlayLV took over the operation. I've noticed more security, more cocktail servers, and the new carpeting in the casino is a huge improvement.  I would recommend the breakfast buffet, 3.95 with players card. AS with all buffets it's still best to get there early. I'm returning there May 8-11, I'll be staying at the Plaza, where else?	
Apr 13 2006	Great Stay!	Stayed at the Plaza April 8-11. Check in quick and easy. Our South Tower room was on the 22nd floor. The room was clean and up to date. Very Nice and comfortable. The staff was excellent. The delers and bartenders in the Casino were very friendly and helpful. The pool was closed as they are remodeling the area. The showroom was also closed. Breakfast Buffet was just OK. I didn't experience any of the negatives I have read in some of the other reports. Fremont Street area was clean and very safe. Saw more homeless folks on the strip. Strip was also more cramped and the sidwalks that weren't directly in front of a big resort were strewn with garbage and broken glass. Didn't experience that downtown!!	
Mar 31 2006	great place!!	Stayed at the plaza march 26th thru 30th of 2006! what a great experience. For the money you can't beat this one! This was our third stay at the plaza in 8 years and loved it again! We had a room on the 21st floor (just standard) it was big, spacious, and CLEAN. Played alot at the plaza, slots were loose and the table games were great, one dealer was a little wierd but there are a big group of dealers that were a blast to to talk to (even though they were taking our money!) the pit bosses were exceptional not just a bunch of stuffed shirts. I left a lot of money at those tables (maybe you will be lucky enough to collect it for me!) my brother-in-law stayed at the paris which is beutiful but kicks himself for not staying with the rest of us! (high roller) can't say enough, will not stay anywhere else!	
Mar 29 2006	unjust reviews	i read the reviews on this site and to be honest i was abit worried. Yes its not the strip but the money you pay its a bargain.The carpets are a bit worn but is that really going to spoil your holiday. I stayed in the MGM about 4 years ago and apart from the snazzy interia its not that much different. Three of us payed 120 each sterling.If we would have stayed in the strip your looking at 3 times that amount. If you want to get ripped of stay on the strip.3 Vodka's at the plaza was $7.50 on the strip it was $27.Its basic but some of the reviews on this site are very unfair	
Mar 28 2006	I would not stay again	Well! Where to begin? I read reviews on this hotel before I booked, so I should have known. This was my fourth vegas trip in 3 years, and it will be my last to the Plaza hotel. If you are looking for a budget hotel this one is yours. The rooms are ok as far as being clean, beds hard, and the bathrooms are tiny (thats an understatement). The hotel is located right next to the greyhound station and train tracks are not to far behind. It is is a noisy hotel, but after all it is vegas and it is at the end of strip. If you do stay, make sure you get a room overlooking freemont street. The hotel employees are rather rude, including the dealers and pitt bosses. If you like to throw some money down on table games, DO NOT stay here, you will not got comped like you should. The next time I go to sin city I will go ahead and spend the extra $, rather than stay in a place like this. It will be well worth it.	
Mar 23 2006	good for the price	i've read most of the negative reviews and don't understand where they come from. first, the carpeting is old and needs to be replaced. i had no trouble with housekeeping service. i called at 8am for tv repair and it was done at 1om.as far as homeless people are concerned, i was there for 4 nights and saw one apparent homeless man. he came in the taxi side entrance, went to the bar, asked for matches, which he received and was out the main exit which is manned 24 hours a day. taxi side is not manned. had buffet breakfasts and lunches with good food, fair prices and prompt table service after going through the line. i have two herniated discs and one partial and the slightly soft mattress did not give me any pain. the rooms and carpet do need a major makeover, but for the price i paid i think it's a good buy for someone on a budget.the price does bring in a lower class gambler, but you can't have the taj majhal on a shoestring budget. jmcg aston pa	
Feb 18 2006	slum hotel	my father and i have been staying at the plaza for 16 years we stayed there last thanks giving we had our rooms at casino rate we stayed in the south tower what a dump the plaza has sure went down since taken over by new owners my father and i got bit by bed bugs i called house keeping there was used condums in the bed now to the casino its just as bad as the rooms i saw a gentleman at a black jack table that went to the bathroom in his pants im not taking about urine either so i told a security guard to go take a look he went and told me its cool i cant ask him to leave hes losing a lot of money there is also several people begging for money this place has sure went to hell dont be deceived by photos take it first hand from a former guest dont stay at the plaza	
Feb 15 2006	I would NEVER stay here again - it's awful	We stayed here (South Tower 22nd floor?) for one night in February 2006 as part of an organised tour. I would never EVER stay here again for the following reasons:Disgusting smell in rooms and corridors (stale tobacco / mould). This was overpowering and constant throughout the duration of our stay.Rooms were dirty - hair from previous guests remained in our bath, carpets had stains. The bathroom was so bad I actually contemplated not having a shower at all (the towels were not freshly laundered and smelt stale).You could feel the springs in the beds almost popping through the mattress and the bed linen was so old it was falling to bits. Furniture was also very old and shabby.I stayed here with my mum and neither of us felt safe. The clientele included some 'undesirable' guests. (I have stayed in many different hotels over recent years and never felt unsafe yet... until now).Overall this was a really bad hotel. I would never recommend this to anyone. The only plus point was that the location was convenient for the Fremont Street experience. I know it's reasonably priced, but seriously it is not worth it.Please do yourself a favour and don't stay here. I stayed in 8 different hotels during my recent trip to USA and this is the only bad review I've written. I can't emphasise how disappointed we were when we saw this place. For a few dollars more I would definitely recommend staying at a nice hotel on the Strip or even somewhere else downtown. In fact, anywhere other than the Plaza. It's awful.	
Feb 8 2006 	What a noxious dump!	The Plaza is a refuge for those who dont meet the standards of the Greyhound bus terminal next door. Inside the Plaza casino, I was panhandled by a guy in a wheel chair covered with soot, his amputated legs covered in bandages. My non-smoking room was so choked with smoke, that using Kleenex from an unopened box in the bathroom was like blowing my nose into an ashtray. Cigarette burns in the carpet, peeling wall paper. I've been coughing up phlem for four weeks since being infected during my Plaza stay in early January. Yes, its the glamorous life. Vegas, baby. Vegas.Yuck.	
Feb 5 2006	Best value in town	We stayed at the Plaza for 8 days in July. We travel to Las Vegas every year for the last 9 years and have stayed both downtown and on the strip. We find the friendliness of both the Plaza and downtown refreshing. Our room was great, with a Freemont Street view and the pool was great too. The comps can't be beat and the resturant was outstanding. I've already booked another week this summer. If you're looking for flash and glitter, this might not be your place, but if you're looking for fun at a great value, the Plaza can't be beat.	
Jan 31 2006	Decent overall	Convient location to freemont street experience. I have stayed at the golden nugget and the noise from the light show goes late into the night, but not a problem here. Security was present in the casino but not at the elevators, would of been good. Rooms were tired looking but decent. Some of the casino lounge acts were the cheesist I can recall. Unfornately they have changed to the policy were you can not make the first night of your stay a saturday night. That is one of the items that attracted me to book this hotel before. If your expectations are not too high, this is your place.	
Jan 29 2006	Been to better places	Definantly have been to better, cleaner places. There is indeed an odor there- especially around the elevators and corridors. It was sort of a cross between mold and old cigarettes. Was a bargain if you're on a budget- we paid about $50 night for weekend nights from Hotel Kingdom. Biggest issue to me was the Greyhound station next door and seemingly homeless people wandering around and no security. The Golden Nugget across the street would be a better choice if you have to go cheap and downtown. They had the best breakfast buffet we had ever had in LV.	
Jan 24 2006 	Better than expected	I booked a room at the Plaza because I wanted to spend a few days Downtown during my nine day long stay in Vegas. Got a bit sceptical after reading some of the latest rewiews, but my stay was a plesant surprise.Got a room in the north tower with a nice view straight into Freemont Street. Maybe I got lucky, but my room was large and clean enough. The casino is great fun, you meet a lot of locals and I really liked the atmosphere in the poker room. Did OK there to :-)The Plaza is no luxury hotel, but it is certanly not a one star dump. It deserves three stars - no more, no less. It is good value.After three nights at the Plaza I spent five nights at Paris on The Strip. Here I got a modern room with in-room bar, lots of channels on the big screen TV, a fantastic bathroom and a feeling of luxury. Still, the room at the Plaza was bigger and cost me just 40 dollars a night wheras I paid 120 to stay at Paris...I won't mind staying at the Plaza again, though I'm tempted to try Golden Nugget next time.	
Jan 17 2006	Quite pleasant Plaza visit	We just returned from a 3 day stay at the Plaza. We had a great room in the South Tower, 18th floor. No train noise, BEAUTIFUL Strip+Mountains view, very comfortable beds. The bathroom was a little small, but I am 6' tall, and had no issues with shower head or shower curtain that others have complained about. The casino had significantly less smoke than other casinos I've been in, including the Vegas Club across the street. There were no bad smells or &quot;scary people&quot; in the casino. People who have made comments like that in their reviews need to grow up, there are &quot;different&quot; folks all over the country. That doesn't make them scary. I was never once asked for money by anyone in the casino, nor did anyone at the Plaza make me the least bit uncomfortable. Can't say as much for the El Cortez, but that's a different story. I will definately be returning to the Plaza, and consider it my new &quot;downtown&quot; home. Ya'll can have the strip, I'll be at the Plaza!	
Jan 17 2006	Weliked the Plaza	I and my three daughters took a two-day-three-night trip to Vegas and stayed at the Plaza because the price was right. Rooms showed some wear and tear but were clean and odor-free. Showers had good pressure and plenty of hot water except for one morning but that only lasted about 10 mintues before water was hot again. Bathrooms are very small but adequate. Our rooms were on the 20th floor, elevators were fast, and we always felt safe. Housekeeping was great and when we called to request an iron they brought iron and ironboard within minutes. Plaza has a McDonalds that offers free refills if you keep your cup and receipt which draws alot of street people but only in the lobby-McDonalds area, they don't seem to wander into the hotel and casino areas. Go elsewhere downtown for more frequent service for free drinks at least if you play slots-but for the price the Plaza was fine.	
Jan 10 2006	plaza is bad	We just got back on the 9th of Jan. and stayed 3 nights at the Plaza. We had 4 rooms 3 in the north tower and 1 in the south. Our north tower room 1622 was bad. The sink had no cold water, the shower had great pressure, but the water shot straight out like a garden hose, The door jam was not on so like came though the door all night, and we did not have maid service our last night. We stayed their because we wanted to stay downtown and all the hotels where full due to other conventions in town. Even if I receive free room offers I would not stay.	
Jan 10 2006	the plaza is ok	six of us went to the consumer electronics show , (our visit was from Jan 5-8) to see the latest in the business. We always stay at the Plzza because its cheaper than staying on the strip, we save hundreds of dollars. For that we got a clean room, dated but clean, good maid service and a nice quiet room. The casino on the other hand is filled with old people using walkers, street people usinig want they panhandled to gamble in hopes of striking it rich while having a free drink. The strip or the palms, green valley ranch are the places to go and gamble. In short it's ot to stay to stay at the Plaza , but do your self a favor, rent a car and gamble elsewhere	
Jan 6 2006	Dirty Room with Bed Bugs	Our recent stay at the Plaza was a bad one. The owners are having financial problems and it shows! The slot machines were much tighter than on previous vists. The room was filthy: the windows were so dirty we could not enjoy the view down Fremont Street. The toilet was still dirty from previous guests. To top it off, the room had bed bugs and we were bitten repeatedly! This property is poorly managed and we will never stay here again.	
Jan 3 2006	unpleasant but cheap	We stayed at this hotel at the end of Dec. 2005. Planned our travel late in the holiday season so to stay in budget we booked our stay and airplane tickets as a combo. On our first day, when we called to confirm reservation, we were told they had reserved a nonsmoking room for us. But when we arrived on time they only had smoking rooms and they refused to help us change rooms in the later days. Since day two, we were not allowed to even open the windows because of &quot;newly discovered&quot; saftey concerns. (We were able to open them on our first day of stay. No one told us there were any issues.) The carpet and chairs were dotted with cigar burns. The toilet tank filled up so slowly that you could hear water running for a long time at night. Our &quot;room&quot; was connected to our neighbor's room through a wooden door, so we could hear their talk, TV and ... For two mornings in a row, when we used the shower around 9 am, there was not enough hot water. The bathroom was so small, there was no room for a small trash can even. The people at the front desk had a very tired and cold look, as if they hated to be there. We certainly do not want to be in that hotel again. It is cheap but you do have to suffer quite a bit. Don't be fooled by the highrise picture. It is a tall building but old and lacks of basic maintainence. I could not believe it was rated 3 star. What we exprienced really ruined our vacation mood...	
Jan 1 2006	Overpriced Motel 6 type lodging in Downtown Las Vegas!	* Next to the Greyhound bus station. Need I say more!* Homeless hangout!* Old and dirty! No old Vegas nostalgia like we thought.* My husband's hand went through the wall when he tried to get out of the shower.* The shower nozzle is about 5' from the bottom of the tub and there is no water pressure.* The bathroom is about 4'x6' so we have a lot of bruises from hitting in to things.* The towels and bedding were stained. Old stains!* Although there is a Security booth at the entrance to the room elevators there was never a guard in the booth. Not good with all of the homeless in the casino area.* Even though you might get free Buffet coupons, don't eat it. We saw a roach!* No blow dryer, no fridge, no spa.	
Dec 17 2005	Stay clear	Stayed in this Hotel for 1 night as part of a tour, If i was coming to Vegas on my own I would Avoid this place like the Plauge. Grumpy staff, dirty small rooms with views onto the Railroad tracks (very noisy. The Restraunts are expensive and the food tastless.The only good point for this Hotel is the exit straight out onto Freemont St. TIME TO PULL THIS ONE DOWN.	
Dec 3 2005 	Plaza Hotel and Casino - Dirty Dirty Dirty	The Plaza Hotel and Casino was horrible! Walking into the casino was like stepping into the Twilight Zone - - Visitors from the 60's never left. Every inch of the hotel smelled. The rooms were dark and dirty. The hotel carpet was sticky (even in the bedrooms). I lifted the sheets to find that the mattress was about 15 years old! The blankets and comforter had cigarette burns. The pillows were so old that the filling was smashed down to hard waifs. The walls were so thin we could hear everything going on in the next room - - squeeking bed springs in chorus with smokers cough. If you are looking for an inexpensive trip to the older side of the strip, try 4 Queens - - at least there you won't feel like you need to be sprayed down with pesticides.	
Nov 22 2005	Nasty/No security	Stayed there for a short time and was very disgusted. Not only is the valet right next to the Greyhound Bus station, but there is no security close to the room elevators. I have stayed at numerous hotels in Vegas and have never seen a hotel without security at the elevators. The room was filthy, and I cleaned the whole bathroom because it was so gross. Do not stay here unless you are looking to be in an episode of CSI!	
Nov 19 2005	Great Plaza Experience	I just returned from my first stay at the Plaza in Downtown Las Vegas. Got a two bedroom suite on 23rd floor of the South Tower. Elevators are fast, however the parking garage elevators are extremely slow. The suite was two old separate renovated rooms made into a two bedroom suite. The cable t.v. selection was not too good. (One station had no sound.) Furniture was nice with two poofy couches. Bathrooms were small but you got two of them. Great views of all of the strip. Train noise was no problem. There were no wierd smells like some reviewers have indicated. Staff was very polite and helpful. Price was right and the value was definitely there. Outside the room the place needs some TLC. A lot of chipped wood that needs paint. The close-up magic show for $8.00 was a huge bargin and an awesome show. Don't miss it. I would indeed stay there again.	
Nov 8 2005	Good value	The Plaza needs an overhaul. The room we had was clean, but old. Very poor water pressure. Funny smell in the hallways and casino.On the positive side, the room rate was fantastic and the casino host was very accomodating at the end of our stay. All of the staff were friendly and pleasant at all times. The poker room was great and it is the only place that offers &quot;Sit and Go&quot; Texas Hold Em tournaments. The staff in the poker room was exceptional and because of them I kept going back. I would go back to play in the poker room, but I do not think I would stay in the hotel until it is cleaned up a bit. It was fine for me and my friend, but I would not like to stay there with my husband.	
Oct 30 2005	Loved it - dont believe everything you read!	The PLAZA Hotel (Barrick Gaming Group) Main Street, Las Vegas.I will admit I was worried, I'd read the reviews on this site for the PLAZA hotel and it seemed the standard of the hotel was much to be desired. I frankly do NOT agree. I found the hotel standard very acceptable. We've stayed in places like the Luxor and Mirage, Stratosphere and Mandalay Bay so I do have something to compare it with. The rate for the PLAZA are very cheap compared to somewhere like Mirage or Mandalay Bay, but the sheets are all at the same clean standard! We checked in about 8.30pm, no queue and the staff was very friendly and helpful. We are non smokers and asked for non smoking room, which we were given. We took our cases to the room and were very pleased with the view, we could see the Stratosphere and the view over Freemont Street had an air of excitement, we could see the street performance and people bustling about couldnt wait to get into the thick of it. Our room was very clean and extremely comfortable. (None of the odd smells that other reviews had written about) Two queen beds, phone, internet connect, sitting area, walk in wardrobe. Fantastic shower, the power was brillient (I wish mine at home was as good). We showered at different times of the day during our stay and never found the water to be anything other than hot. The only thing I could diss at all was the Air Con was a bit noisey, but after a few minutes we didnt notice it. The TV and channels were as good as any on offer on the main strip, we were a bit tired, but managed to get into the midnight poker tournement, Poker playing is our main reason for visiting Vegas, we love it. In the morning we were able to see the mountains and the rooftop swimming pool of the hotel. The buffet at the PLAZA is also very good. It is about $5.95 dollars for breakfast (Until 11am) and is very filling, with loads of choices. The waiting on staff are very pleasant and helpful, seating you very quickly indeed.The gaming at the hotel is also very good. The casino staff are all very friendly and will help with the card games explaining the rules and showing you how the 'house would do it' so you have as much chance as anybody of winning. The Poker room staff are very friendly as well and make you feel very good when you win a tournament.Yes the hotel is now one of the older hotels, but the quality provided is what you would want for a very enjoyable stay in Las Vegas. We are going again April and october 2006 and have already booked our rooms. The hotel also offer very good comps for playing in the poker room or on the tables.	
Oct 12 2005	Treated like someone special I love the Plaza.	This October was my second stay at this special hotel. I have found that just by being myself with the front desk got me that wonderful feeling of welcome that no amount of money can buy. The women behind the front desk worked hard to get me everything I even slightly mentioned...(i.e., iron, ironing board, direct view of Fremont, and beyond that even managed to get me a comp room for a non-smoker which made that guest ecstatic). Every (and I'm not exaggerating) employee we had contact with seemed truly to be happy. This reflects highly on managment of this property. The Plaza has the American Bandstand slot machine, which weighed heavily on my decision to originally stay there. This trip the one I chose to play was uncomfortably loud, but just a mention to a floor worker and that was corrected within 10 minutes...excellent response time in anyone's book&quot;. The food is great and is so affordable. I splurged with a $300 hit on the ABS machine and ate at The Center Stage restaurant with a direct line view of the The Experience, salmon was superb, piano musician devine, waiter was awesome ans genuinely funny and entertaining. I can recommend the Plaza entertainment especially the lounge. I love to be entertained while playing my slots. Reportcard on this special place...A++.	
Oct 12 2005	What a great choice	We decided to stay here at the last minute, what a pleasant suprise it was. We were put in the south tower on the 24th floor, I have been visiting vegas since 2000 and this was the first time we have stayed downtown,the room was very large, but the bathroom rather small, the room wes very clean and the view was terrific, the casino has a very good poker room ,with limits starting at $2/$4, also tournaments running all day the last one starts at midnight, all the staff were friendly and helpfull, making this one of the most pleasant stays in vegas we have had.	
Sep 19 2005	A good place to stay	My wife and I stayed at the Plaza during bikefest. We both like the downtown area and it was close to all the activities.We have stayed in other downtown hotels so we feel we had a good range to compare from.The room we stayed it was good sized with two queen beds (even though we had reserved a king but that wasn't a problem. The hotel was clean enough, my wife manages a staff of housekeepers so she makes sure that any problems are noticed, and she really didn't make any bad comments.The dining areas seemed abit small for the crowd that was there for the weekend, but there are plenty of places to eat that are close by, so that wasn't really a problem.The casino seemed to be a little under staffed but even with the staff and waitresses being very busy I found them to be pleasant enough.All and All I liked the hotel and the casino and on our next trip we will give the Plaza consideration when we make our reservations.	
Sep 13 2005	Really Wanted to Love the Plaza But...	This report is long over-due. Hopefully I'll post pics in future. We arrived at The Plaza Hotel at around 1:30 PM. Check in was not until 3:00 PM but the clerk stated that early check-in would not be a problem. I asked him if there were any low-cost or no-cost upgrades available. The clerk said that he would check and after a couple minutes of keyboarding he announced that he'd given us &quot;a bit of an upgrade&quot;.We got the 15th floor, room 1502, very close to the elevators and a nice view of Fremont Street.As far as the room itself went, it was fine. It was old and a bit shabby but clean. The carpet didn't make you afraid to walk around barefoot, but definitely needed to be replaced. I did lay towels in the dressing area/sink area as the carpet was very discolored. The room was a little larger than a standard (or so I'm guessing) as it had a small sitting area that looked out the sliding door down at Fremont Street and the canopy. The king sized be was comfortable enough and we had a fridge. The bathroom consisted of a toilet and shower and a separate area for the sink. In this area there was also a fridge &amp; a place to hang your clothes. The balcony was in desperate need of a washing down, however.Normally I don't find a small bath to be that much of a problem but, the shower in this case way TOO undersized. You could not take a shower without the shower curtain sticking to you. In addition the drain was extremely slow. I called maintenance to get it looked at. They were at our room within 20 minutes. After working on the drain for ten minutes or so the worker declared that the drain was fixed. Housekeeping was unavailable so the maintenance guy brought us some fresh towels to replace the ones he'd mopped up with.The drain was moderately improved but not by much. I did want to love the Plaza with it's history and location. Alas I can only give it a moderate recommendation. It's not horrible, but there are better places to stay for the price.	
Aug 14 2005 	Great Location Need Some Work!	I have stayed several times at the Plaza over the last two years. Each time, the food has been much better than expected; especially the Sunday Brunch in the Showroom that was started by Larry Manetti. The diner isn't bad and their bottled water is a bargain in the convenience store (compared to the major Strip hotels).Bathrooms are kind of cramped, but the water pressure was okay and warm enough. The decor of the rooms could definitely be improved. To echo another trip commentator, &quot;spend a few bucks and I'll spend a few more each night to stay at your hotel.&quot;The location can't be beat. Personally, there are enough ways to lose your money without going down on the Strip. The shows,- if you search through the various acts playing at any one time, are quite appealing. The Fremont Street Experience has pumped life back into the downtown area. The street kiosks, entertainers and stage acts add some more pizzazz to a stay in this area.The Plaza showroom and Comedy club have some decent attractions. They need to upgrade their entertainment in what they call the Lounge area which is a stage that exists at the end of the bar off the casino floor. More rotational acts and some that are actually known by the younger set might lure a new breed of clientele into the Plaza. The casino staff, for the most part, is friendly, but you still get those occasional dealers or croupiers that have an &quot;attitude&quot;. I work hard to save my money so I can come to Vegas to gamble and entertain myself. I'd like to feel that those that are taking my money feel somewhat happy about their life's work.Their sports book needs a renovation. I enjoy traditional items but if you're going to place a bet at a Vegas book, you begin to measure them by the feel and ambiance set forth by those at the Venetian, Wynn, etc. I would compromise and install a setup similar to Harrah's which would greatly elevate the status of this area of the hotel. Vegas has gone back to being upscale and the only way a venue can compete is to be one notch better than they have in the past.The front desk staff seems disorganized. They need to have a better system for check-in, especially when there is a large contingent checking in, all at the same time. I felt like the front doors were going to whack me in the butt. When we checked in, there was only one bellman on duty. Is Vegas not operating 24 hours a day anymore?Overall, the location is excellent, the rooms so-so, the food isn't bad for the money and the Sunday Brunch is one of the town's best values. Vegas needs a quality mid-range hotel and if the management could ever get their act together on all counts, their ranking could easily be in the top 50 hotels in the Vegas area.One final note. I'm a non-smoker, which puts me in a minority inside any casino. A N/S area for slots and some tables games would be great. I played bingo one time and would have enjoyed playing a few more sessions, but the smokers kept me and some other patrons from being able to enjoy yourself. Bingo is part of your daily take, right?This was written by a blue collar guy who appreciates value, service and friendliness.	
Aug 9 2005	Good Place to Just Crash and Go	This is a typical economy hotel. We took the place because we got a terrific price, my husband loves downtown, and we were looking for a place to sleep and keep our stuff. It's at the end of Fremont street, so you just walk out and you're right in the mix. For me, I could take an $8 cab ride to the Sahara and pick up the monorail and hang out on the strip all day. Do not take the bus - the trip from the strip to downtown took 20 minutes for the bus to come and then a hot, crowded hour back (that was on two occasions, one evening and one afternoon). Once I figured out to buy an unlimited ride week pass ($20) on the monorail and just shelled out the $20 a day in cab fair and tips, I was much happier.My comments are basically on the room, since I just used the place to sleep. We were in room 828 in the North Tower. The room was good size with two double beds (no king's left, but that didn't bother us). There is a funny little smell that I only noticed for about the first 10 minutes of the trip. The bathroom has the toilet and shower in one tight little room, and the sink and place to hang clothes outside. I like this so I can be gussying up while my husband's in the shower. Two large adjacent mirrors in the bathroom and a very large mirror that covers the wall outside the sink area - so if you need to see yourself, no problem. The water pressure, temperature, and drain was fine while we were there.The beds were typical and comfortable enough. Maid service came by early (around 8:00 am - who's up by that time in Vegas?) and I was worried they would come in since there is no chain lock. It seems the little lock on the door works the same way (I found this out when I locked my husband out while I was in the shower). Be sure to put your do not distrub sign out before you go to bed. Our area was really quiet.The decor was a little 80's and the view was tops of parts of the building and a vacant lot. Everything was very clean and kept up nice. Housekeeping brought me an iron about 20 minutes after I called, that seemed quick enough for me. THEY DO NOT PROVIDE HAIRDRYERS! That's a note for those of us big haired gals. The air conditioner worked very well, but it was a bit noisy. There was a small TV with just a few channels and refrigerator in the room. Overall, I'd stay again if the price was nice and low.	
Aug 3 2005 	The Plaza	Great view of the strip. One bed was broken and creaked, the other one was fine. Only one lower plug in an accessible wall socket worked in the room, so the lamps did not work, the TV did. Stayed 4 nights, the last 2 nights the water in the shower became lukewarm and gave me a fear of having to take a cold shower for an early departure the next morning (it was OK just lukewarm and quick). The rate I paid was about as low as you could get at any level so I did not complain and was happy. Aggressive hotel staff doing roomchecks constantly, knocking on the door, trying to open the door etc. with no inside latch made me nervous and vigilant. A decent hotel, but with a somewhat hard to define grittyness. Strange aura from the staff, I dont know whats up.	
Jul 31 2005	been to better places	stayed at the plaza july 27 thru july 29. check in was super slow and the girl at the reservation desk was busy flirting with another employee to worry about me. after a 35 minute wait it kinda ticked me off. we stayed in a smoking room [ i know shame on us for being smokers ] that was a smelly room. the good part was the room was &quot;comped&quot; but next time i will spend a few dollars extra to get a room with clean air. the slots were so tight and the food was only ok by vegas standards. i go to vegas ALOT and will NOT stay at the plaza again.	
Jul 29 2005	GREAT RESTO -- CHEAP SMELLY ROOM	The restaurant is GREAT...the wait staff is wonderful, the food is good and the view....Oh my God, the View of the Fremont Street Experience. We had our wedding diner there, and everybody was satisfied.Now, the suite we had booked on their website was not ready for us...my wife had to argue with them, and it's not until I came and after the '70's looking front desk attendant called me &quot;sweetie pie&quot; a couple times, that we were finally able to get the suite. The suite had a funny old motel smell, the bedspread was at least 10 years old...not a pretty seen. The bed wasn't that comfortable either...but hey, that was my wedding night, so we didn't care. But, if I was to rate it for value in Las Vegas, I guess that you get what you pay for. It was at least half of what we would have paid on the &quot;strip&quot;! That was our first time in LV downtown. Overall we liked the experience...but next time I will pay more and stay in a newer hotel. NOTE: If the Plaza would simply renovate their rooms and charge $10-15 more per night...I wouldn't hesitate to go back...but under the current room condition, I don't think so!	
Jul 20 2005	You get what you get!	To sum things up.......Staff very friendly and helpful. The entire casino has a smell of smoke that goes back to the 70's. Security seemed pretty relaxed as I was plying at a BJ table and a severely intoxicated man was getting very loud, rude, and getting very upset when he lost a hand, banging his hands on the table. The rooms were ok, as said above smells like smoke, beds were not comforatable. A/C worked great. Room service was slow, it took almost 2 hrs. to get our food, and even took 45 rings to pick up. Location is right on Fremont St. I reccomend that you go and see the Fremont St. Experiance. Just dont leave Fremont, there are some shady charactors out and about. I was approached 4 times by panhandlers. Be cautious. Drinks, food, shows very cheap. I think beer was $2.25 vs. beer on the strip at 5 bucks. If you want to save money this is the place to stay. Definatly not for families.	
Jul 12 2005	Loved the Plaza!	This was our first trip, we loved the downtown experience, we booked another trip this year, same time same place. We visited the strip, but being from the Mid-West it was a little to much for us. We loved it downtown, a little bit like home. We loved the light show, AREA 51 was great!	
Jul 8 2005	Best Vegas Trip Yet	This was our 3rd time to Vegas, but our 1st time staying downtown. It was awesome, and fun. The parking was fine, but the bellmen were not much help. We got there at 930pm Vegas time, after a 20 hour car ride, and had to wait about 20 min to check in. But once we started checking in, it was fast service. The next day we had out a do not disturb sign, indicating that we didnt want maid service, yet they came in anyway...I hate when that happens. The pool is fabulous. Thought it would be warmer considering the temps in Vegas, but it was pretty cool water. Sunset is amazing to catch from the rooftop pool deck, right as its closing-&gt; (8pm everyday, another disappointment) But the restaurant in the dome overlooking the fremont street experience was awesome. Great service, food is great too. A little pricey, but okay. Gambling though, I'd have to say was the best I've ever had. Great odds, and Ive never won anything, and I walked away profiting at least $250, not much, but enough to make me happy. But overall, I was more satisfied on this Vegas trip than any other. The Plaza is a great place to stay. and there breakfast lunch and dinner buffet are nice and not pricey. I would recommend this to anyone that wishes to stay in downtown Las Vegas..the light show is the main attraction downtown. The Plaza also has a sister hotel right across the street called the Las Vegas Club, the rooms are supposed to be the same, but the prices are slashed, and you still get to enjoy The Plaza's swimming pool and stuff, but the Plaza rooms were priced very nicely...Fourth of July weekend, 2 rooms, for 3 nights, for just under $300....SCORE	
Jun 23 2005	Downtown is sweet!	I had my doubts about the Plaza after reading some of the reviews here, but taking my college age son and roommate for their first trip needed to be cheap, and downtown Vegas is a bargain. We had the south tower room with a view of the mountains and the strip, it was great. Rooms were decent and had no problems with plumbing, although I suppose the maid service was a little slow. The bathroom area is pretty tight but not that unexpected in older hotels. Nothing fancy, just average, but I did love Fremont Street at night. Its like a big block party and very cozy. It doesn't have all the fancy mega casinos facades and fountains and roller coaster that the strip has, but so much easier to wander around and you can find cheaper gambling and better odds. The Plaza had lounge acts every night in the casino and a decent poker set-up. This is not a fancy super casino, its old school Vegas, but I like the feel.	
Jun 23 2005	The Plaza is a Fun Place!	The Plaza is a fun place!Our time at Plaza was very nice and enjoyable. Upon checkin, asked for a view of Fremont St. &amp; refrigerator, didn't have the view, did get a Deluxe room with fridge and on 8th-floor, North Tower, which was all non-smoking floor, very nice! Room was very clean, good-sized and our housekeeping very good! The shower had plenty of hot water and excellent pressure.The air-con worked great,too. Pool is on 7th floor, we only had to go down 1-floor, right there and you didn't have to parade through the whole hotel/casino and be visible to everyone, and pool area was nice! We ate at buffet twice, breakfast &amp; lunch, both very good. We did eat at Champagne Brunchon Sunday, really enjoyed that and meeting Larry Manetti from the former Magnum PI TV-Show &amp; talking to him.The food display was awsome and the varieties to choose from, so many! You got great entertainment with your meal.We rented our car from Brooks in the Plaza Hotel lobby, very convienent. Easy to park and get around.Hubby likes to play Poker and he did that a few nights and enjoyed playing at Plaza.We had a great time, none of those horror stories, or bad experiences for us. We enjoyed our time there and will stay there again. It was a lot of fun!	
Jun 22 2005	Really great deal for the price	If you are going to Vegas to party, gamble, and have fun and don't mind downtown this is the place. Very friendly staff though a non-smoking room is near impossible to get. We did have a room that overlooked Fremont street with a window that opened pleasantly (though the Zamphir wind pipes drove my husband insane). Great views, huge rooms. The rooftop pool is cool in retro kind of way. Eat at the Golden gate across the street (bay City diner or the deli) or Main Street Station (triple 7) for better food/value though the &quot;dome&quot; is cool and fancy (Deniro and Stone ate there in Casino). I'm not sure what people who didn't like this hotel expected for the price. Downtown is seedier and older and more smokey than the strip, but more real gamblers and less gawkers. Though I prefer staying at the strip (Imperial Palace-Flamingo area), this is a fun alternative that is very very reasonable.	
Jun 15 2005	Half and Half	May 14 - May 22 We went to Vegas for our wedding, with my family. Parents were on 5th floor, we were on 7th. We had a prime room as it faced directly down Fremont. We could see the sound and light show right from our balcony. The room was huge, but the tv was small and only about 6 channels. Maid service was slow, usually the room wasn't cleaned any earlier than 1 pm. My biggest complaint is the water! Day before wedding, we had no hot water. I chalked it up to just my timing, thought everyone was showering when I did. The next morning, day of my wedding, not a drop of hot water. It was lukewarm when I jumped in the shower at 7:30 am. I got the shampoo on my head and all of a sudden the water was ice cold. It was so cold I couldn't stand it, so I jumped out and rinsed my hair in the sink...water freezing there too. I called the front desk and explained the problem and that it was my wedding day...I need a shower!!! They sent maintenance up within 30 minutes. He is calling for help and it appears both the water heater and our shower has issues. Says he need time to work on it. I explain it's my wedding day and will need a shower by noon. No problem. We went to Sam's Town to give him room to work. Got back to the hotel at 11:50 to find a note on the bed saying he couldn't get it fixed, we will have to switch rooms. Not to mention he left the floor and tub filthy from working. Ummmm I have a 1:00 hair appointment for myself and bridal party, won't be back till 5 and my wedding is at 6. I take an ice cold shower quickly to get to our appointment. On my way out, I stop at front desk, show them the note, and let them know this is not acceptable or possible! They tell me to pack up my room and they will have a bell hop move us. I'm gettin married in 4 hours....when do I have time to pack everything!!!???? She said well what do you want me to do?? Fix the shower!! They never apologized, never offered to comp us, nothing. Other than that, everything was fine, but that was a big issue in my eyes.	
May 23 2005	Loved the view of Fremont Street	We stayed here on 5/14/2005. Came by shuttle, 1 hour from landing to Hotel, not bad. And it was $6 per person. When we checked-in at around 3:30pm there was no waitting. Asked for and received a view of Fremont Street from the 6 floor. All the staff was friendly and helpful. There was no problem with the room and the beds were very comfortable. After reading some review, I was a little worried, but we didn't run into any of the problems list and we did eat there Saturday Night. Maybe with the change in managment, things have changed. Loved Fremont street and will definitely stay here again.	
May 21 2005 	hotel from hell	We were scheduled for 2 nights, but left after only one. The room was semi-clean,i.e. mildew in bathroom, smells in the room,etc. One of the beds had only a box spring and no mattress.The food at the buffet gave me food poisoning and my wife is covered in some type of bug bites that defy description. The look like flea bites only much larger, about the size of a dime. When we decided to leave and forfeit the 2nd night ,I informed the desk clerk that I was unhappy and was leaving. I asked if there was a customer complaint form and was told , just write something on a piece of paper and we'll put it on the board for some to read.	
May 12 2005	Love Downtown Love the Plaza	This was my 10th trip to Vegas and the Plaza is the 14th different Vegas property I have stayed in. This was the second time I have stayed downtown. I was in the North tower on the 17th floor with a view straight down Fremont Street. I requested the view prior to my arrival and was surprised when my request was granted with repromptin at check in! The view was great. The room was clean and found it to be excellent value for money. Being on the 17th floor, I was still surprise by the noise from the Fremont St Expreience and the general traffic, however for US$39 a night I did not really care. It was not too noisy after misdnight, and hey, I was in Vegas. Also, this is not the Bellagio or Wynn's.The pool was quite good but I recommend that you take your own pool towel. the towels they provide poolside are as effective and as thikc as a paper towel!!I had the buffet breakfast and got a $2 discount after I joined their players club (breakfast ends up $3.95 plus tax!!). breakfast was brilliant. I had the buffet for dinner as well and would say that it would have to have been the WORST EVER buffet experience I have had. The choice was uninspiring and quality was questionable. Surely the chef should know that you do not store deserts under a light. The black forest cake was as dry as Death Valley!!! Never ate the dinner buffet again at the Plaza.	
May 4 2005	Nightmare on Main St.	We stayed here on April 23, and 24, . Will never stay here again. From the moment we checked in things went bad. Had a reservation for a two bedroom suite, it wasnt available when we arrived. they had to put us in to seperate rooms on different floors, this is not good if you are traveling with children. I was reassured my suite would be ready the next morning, well at 6:00PM the next night we still did not have our suite. We had been given the keys to another room that was still occupied, the guests belongings were throuout the room when we entered. My wife locked her purse in the room and it took one hour for security to get back with us so she colud get her purse. Sunday at abpout 7:00PM we got the keys to the suite we had paid for , too bad we were leaving in the morning. Didnt even get an apology, just two coupons for a couple of drinks. Every effort to contact the management has been ignored.	
Apr 28 2005	buffet	We did not stay here I'm glad to say having eaten here that was enough. Myself, wife and teenage son thought we would have dinner here whilst having a sightseeing trip of downtown. We went to the buffet which was chinese but lacked any choice. The worst bit of it was as we sat at our table we noticed how dirty the carpet was, I mean filthy, then the floor sweeper came along and his shirt was filthy aswell, but the best bit was the waiter clearing the table opposite us who tipped the ashtray into a half drunk drink then used a napkin dipped in another drink to clean the ashtray ready for the next customer. If they do this in front of you what do they do in the kitchen. YUK!!	
Apr 26 2005	Great stay	We have been to vegas many times,, but this was the first time staying downtown. We had booked our flight and hotel together. I was a little scared after reading some of the reviews for the Plaza. but decided since we never sleep much in Vegas, if it was bad we wouldn't be in the room much, except to shower and get a little sleep. Our rooms were clean and spacious. Room with the tub and toliet was small, but liked having the sink in a separate room. Maid service was great. In our friends room, the water pressure was not great in the sink and the tub drained a little slow, but overall we were all pleased with our rooms. We loved the casino and will be staying at the plaza on our next trip. Also, loved seeing the light show when ever we want to.	
Mar 28 2005	Okay for the price	Stayed at the Plaza for 4 days. Service was good, rooms were large and clean (bathrooms were small). Food was good. Casino is adequate. Location to downtown is excellent.	
Mar 26 2005	the smell the dirt the homeless	I stayed here 3/19 to 3/24. The place smelled of urine and was very dirty. The room above ours leaked into ours every time the shower was used. Maintainence visited three times and left more dirt and filth after they left. Our maid was mostly invisible. There were many homeless folks in the lobby where they used the restrooms for sink showers and floor urination. Smell was horrendous. If you go to Vegas sleep under a bridge you will enjoy it more than this place.	
Mar 25 2005	First Time at The Plaza	Just stayed at The Plaza 3/19/05 - 3/21/05 (last minute booking for a Deluxe King room). Casino was very busy due to spring break crowds.My room was on the 7th floor near the elevators, I believe it was the North tower with the registration desk. Room with a lot of space (6 drawer dresser, TV (limited basic channels) &amp; refridgerator cabinet with three storage shelves, sofa, table &amp; chairs, and of course a king bed. Nice rear view of the desolate bare land sites and the freeways. Carpet was worn, but still in good shape. I had to re-pin the old drapery on the headrail so that is would fully close to blackout the light. The tub/shower took over an hours to drain (when I showered I would be standing in 4&quot; - 6&quot; of water). The window swings open for fresh air, but there were two window lock stuck in the closed position so the window could not be fully closed - with that I can hear the air conditioning vent units squeeking all day &amp; night and the wind blowing through, I kept the heater on all the time to control the room temperature. Old and new slots - good play for this visit. They need to fix the parking ticket time clock used to validate the tickets - its dated two months ago.I hope Barrick Gaming improves their newly obtained downtown properties by the end of the year when I return to LV during the holidays.	
Mar 15 2005	What Smell? Don't set your standards too high.	Had a great time 3/10-3/13. No smell as stated - that was in the HS. Don't go expecting a grand strip like hotel, and you may be pleasantly surprised. The blackjack tables were still $5 on NASCAR saturday night, and there wasn't near the smoke of the GN (really unimpressed there). The food in the dome restaurant was surprisingly good - and what a view! Best place to catch the freemont street experience (aka cartoon shroom show). We liked the meal there much better than the $150 &quot;select&quot; grade gristle steaks we got at the Venetian. I could have eaten there every night. You gotta love the views on the strip, but downtown is much more fun with all the bands and new orleans style drunkery. Tons of security make you feel pretty safe. There is some rif raff, but the strip has its own too with way more dark spots between the huge hotels that can be a little dicey. Downtown is well lit with alot of stumbling around goin on. It is also easy to change your luck with a short walk to another casino - there's about 7 in the area of 1 strip hotel. We had a freemont facing room on the eigth floor. About like a motel 8 with a view. Small baths but it did have a good sized mini fridge which is great for the gallons of water you need for post boozie hydration . &quot;Free&quot; gamling booze did have Jack, at least, as well as hine. The pool area was decent with free towels and plenty of loungers. Definately not the Mandalay, but it is on the 7th floor with a decent view of the mountains which is pretty cool. There are also plenty of exposed guts to make a man brim with self confidence (on the strip your forced to suck in and actively guard your lady against the skinny boy momma's-money types). Even caught some Elvis at the Omaha lounge. The McDonalds is 24 hours for that real late drunkening gut bomb. We never ate at the Plaza buffet, but the Main sTreet Station breakfast was overhyped (after reading here) but decent. It all had this same weird tast though... We will surely go back to the Plaza. TAKE A CAB - not a shuttle. Shuttle took 1 1/2 hours, and a cab is just a few bucks more for about 1/4th the time. Better yet, take a limo with the loot you'll save and make it take the whole hour. Just remember to keep those expectations low when downtown and you will always be well rewarded...	
Mar 3 2005	Never Ever!!!!!!!!!	We stayed in this hotel because my mother was comped. She had even said she would never come back unless it was free. My room cost 40 dollars for weekend night in february under this deal. We got in so late they gave my mother a fantastic suite. I was suppose to get one as well but people were in the suite they tried to give me. so i was put in a nice deluxe room down the hall 2339. This was fine and nicely furnished. Bed was comfortable. But the next day since they were sold out they had to move us into a standard room which was what we orginally booked. This ticked me off because i was suppose to get a suite for three night cause they gave my room away. i was fine in the deluxe room. Now they wanted to bonce me around. for One they didn't have a room ready for an immediate switch. Thay bell men were unhelpful about taking our luggage into storage. so we had to move it ourselves to my mother's room untill they could get a room for us. When we finally got another room we were astounded at how shabby it was. But it was clean (I guess). The bedspread were worn in many spots. the carpet stained. The bed was so awful hard and spring poking me i selpt awful i ached in the morning. My boyfriend said he had a better bed in bootcamp. I think you might get a better bed in prison. Does that explain how bad this was??????? By the way If you wnat a big nice Bathroom don't stay at the plaza cause all the bathrooms are small even the ones in suites. i felt they should of compensated us for the hassle and we were not. i guess you get what you pay for. OH yeah some one also urinated in the elevator talk about having class.	
Feb 26 2005	okay	Check in was fine, our first time in vegas, so I asked for a room with a view and they put us on the 24th floor, the view was wonderful, could see the mountains and vegas, the lights at night were nice. the room was okay, the bathroom was very clean, everything worked fine. the actual room, the carpet had some stains in spots and the wallpaper was peeling in some spots on the walls, bed was king as requested and comfortable. the room was what we needed, cheap, fairly clean and comfortable, we stayed 4 nights and it was $59.00 a night, the casino was small but fun, won some cash on the slots, we seen 2 shows at this hotel, the Larry G Jones show, he was hilarious, great time. we also seen the new card magic show, this guy was good, my husband was amazed. we ate breakfast twice at their buffet, it was not that great, especially after eating at the main street station buffet a block away, that was the best buffet I have eaten at and very inexpensive. anyway, glad we went, but don't see what all the hype is about vegas, will stay on east coast and drive to atlantic city 2 1/2 hours instead. We did do alot in vegas, but this review is about the hotel-Plaza.	
Dec 29 2004	I don't want to complain... but I will.	This review is over due, way overdue. I stayed at this hotel in February 2002 for the Coca Cola Collectors convention. I remember what my late Dad always said... 'buster, if you don't have anything nice to say, then don't say anything&quot;.... So you won't be reading about my long winded complaints... A suggestion would be to do something about smartening up the overall place. It looked sad, shabby and it stunk. As a non smoker, I found it difficult to stay for too long in the gaming area. Never ate at the hotel as I was forewarned by numerous people to avoid the food areas. For breakfast I went to the Maccas down on street level. I also grabbed a few lunches at Subway. Is Subway still there? I found the room rate that was organised through the local Coca Cola people to be excessive. Room rate was $70++. The less said about the room the better. In October 2001 I, along with my family stayed at the Luxor for $65 flat rate. The difference in quality and service at the Luxor with the hotel staff and the room was HUGE!! A plus for the hotel is Freemont. The location was good. I loved the light show every hour. I also thought the walking area along Freemont was well thought out and the security along the street made me feel safe. I would suggest that if it was not for Freemont and the light show, then it would be a no go zone for a lot of folk. To Plaza hotel staff... if you read this review, please please do something about tidying up your hotel. The rooms would be a good starting point. Thank you for reading this review.	
Dec 28 2004	WARNING DO NOT STAY HERE	Stayed at the Plaza over Thanksgiving weekend and it was the trip from hell. First off I upgraded from a standard room to a suite, which wasn't to bad until our sink backed up in the mini-bar and literally exploded black junk all over the room. Unfortunately we had just ordered room service 10 minutes before that and wouldn't you know it, the room service guy shows up as we are packing our stuuf to move to another room. I had asked him if we could have it deliver to our new room and he said &quot;No sir, I make my delivery to where it says on the receipt&quot;. As I was packing our cloths to move to another room &quot;maintainence&quot; showed up and snaked the drain and more black gook began to over flow the sink (pretty gross). For all of our trouble we did get a $25.00 free room service meal that I practically had to fight for. The people in the casino where very scary looking - street people. I am talking bums that live under the overpasses. This place just plain stinks. I will not ever step foot in this building again.	
Dec 21 2004	We had a great time!	We stayed at the Plaza December 13 - 17. Got a great room, # 1606, overlooking Fremont Street. We had never stayed on Fremont before and wanted something different than the strip. I enjoyed being able to walk to a hotel down the street and be able to come back. On the strip, it is a committment to go somewhere because it is such a headache to get back (without paying a lot of money for a cab).The Plaza experience overall was good. Again, a great room and the price was right. The casino was a bit smokey but the ones on the strip were worse (I couldn't even walk into Slots of Fun). The staff, to a large degree, were friendly. We will stay there again when we go back to Vegas.	
Dec 21 2004	bad smell	We have stayed at the Plaza for the past 8 years, but our trip in May 2004 was very bad. The Plaza Casino was so smoke filled, it would gag you (and I am a smoker).We stay on the 3rd floor, and there was the &quot;SMELL&quot; in the hall of sewer, which lead me to have a headache for 5 of the 6 days of our vacation. I hated to leave the room because of the smell, and when we did leave, I hated the thought of having to go back to the room because of the smell! Not a good trip.....too bad, I only gambled $300for the 6 days and I LOST my FREE ROOM OFFER, because I could not get my head off of the pillow long enough to have some fun!	
Dec 18 2004	I had a good stay	I stayed at the Plaza this past July. It was my first trip to Vegas and basically just needed a place to sleep. The price was great. I had ideally wanted a room facing Freemont Street and didn't find out until I got there that it wasn't. The staff was really nice and told me if I checked back the next day they would move me to a room facing Freemont with no problems. The view was still awesome from my room I could see the strip and the beautiful view of the mountains. Tip for anyone going there ask for a room in the North Tower if you want a view of Freemont. I loved the fact that they had a DJ playing outside the hotel. It was like a big party right outside the door with people dancig and singing. The room didn't seem dirty and all hotels to me have that same &quot;hotel&quot; smell. Pretty much you get what you pay for. The room was inexpensive and in the old part of Vegas so I wasn't expecting the same as one of the newer,higher priced hotels and I didn't really need it.The casino atmosphere was pretty dull. They were one of the few casinos that had cheap tables. In my opinion it's not that exciting to gamble in the hotel your staying at. All in all I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 23 2004	stayed downtown this time liked it better than the strip	I received an offer for free rooms and a slot tournament from the plaza. stayed friday-monday. upon checking in asked desk clerk for a view of freemont street. was told i would have to stay in the south tower but upgraded the room to a king deluxe. plus side 22nd floor, nice view,big room,clean as a whistle,fresh paint in an old hotel. negative side the south tower is right next to the railroad tracks and trains woke me up every couple of hours through the night, also the bed was old and hard. staff was freindly with the exeption of a late night bartender. while playing vido poker at the bar he tried to charge me for a drink and bottled water although i was playing full coin! i spoke to a pit boss about this and was told by him he shouldn't charge me, i asked him to rectify the problem and he got me a bottle water but told me i would have to write the bartender up. hassle! i spoke with the bartender informing him i was supposed to write him up and he told me management tells them to charge when thy can, so mixed signals from the plaza. i never paid for a meal, was comped by the plaza or the other barrick gaming company the las vegas club which at my level of play never happens playing on the strip. the closeness of the different casinos downtown worked out better also. would probably stay at again.	
Nov 10 2004 	Don't Stay Downtown	I was in town for a conference held at the Golden Nugget. That hotel was booked, so I stayed at the Plaza. It was horrible. The staff was rude, the casino was full of smoke, and the clientele was scary. The only positive aspect of this hotel was the price. It was cheap...and for a reason. If you're going to Vegas and you're on a tight budget, my advice is to stay at one of the cheaper hotels on the north end of the strip. The Sahara, the Stardust, and/or Riveria are just as affordable and more convenient to the strip. I'm glad I saw the Fremont Experience; the next time I visit Las Vegas, I can skip the downtown area completely and so should you!	
Nov 9 2004	Plaza is quite enjoyable	We've stayed on the Strip, Downtown and Laughlin. The Hotels we enjoy are the Plaza and Hilton for the pleasant atmosphere and friendlyness of casino personnel.	
Oct 30 2004	Pretty bad and NOISY	I really enjoyed the casino with the cheesy lounge acts and the old Vegas vibe but the rooms and overall service were terrible. The shower and toilet being in a separate cramped room away from the sink is a horrible idiotic design. The bathroom lighting was screwed up and wasn't fixed until almost 2 days after complaining, on one day housekeeping just skipped our room completely which has NEVER happened in all my trips to Vegas or anywhere else for that matter. And forget about a good night's sleep. The whole area is just plain noisy whether it's Fremont Street or the train that passes every morning at 6AM or ambulance sirens blaring all night, the squeaky housekeeping cart, etc. bring some good earplugs. Modern amenities? HA! No hair dryer, no ironing board, no miniature coffeepot, old run down TV's and remotes, etc. That's downtown for you. Cheap second rate hotels. You'll get what you pay for.	
Oct 27 2004	Great rate for big rooms	It was a great room for the rate. Very large and clean. Can't beat the location - steps from Freemont Street Experience. The pool was a huge disappointment becuase it is not heated and water was freezing (we went over labor day holiday). Their breakfast buffet is so bad we did not even go when given free coupons. But can't beat a McDonald's in lobby and Starbucks next door. Definately stay here and save the $$ for the gambling or shows.	
Oct 23 2004	loose slots and fun tables	This is the first time at the Plaza. We stayed here because I received some free room comps in the mail. We usually stay at the Rio (a little more brighter and upbeat). The host I talked to was Pam Schauer. She was awesome in getting us set up with the rooms.Check in was a breeze. We received 2 comped rooms for three days each so we brought some friends with us. The rooms were tired but I heard that they are working on redoing them. When we went down to the casino, they were replacing the carpeting in sections, so on our first day they were replacing the area around the Keno lounge and the #1 Club where you get your players card. They did not have any other area to receive player cards at so we lost a whole day of gambling to put on there. My husband was at the tables the WHOLE day and did not get credit for it. On our final day the redid the carpet around the table area, so no one could play after midnight. We ended up going to a different hotel to gamble that night. We did not eat at any of the resturants at the hotel due to other plans, but our friends had a bite to eat at one of the resturants and said it was good.All in all the hotel was ok. Really tired and they need to get a few more tables in there. Very disappointed that we lost a whole day of non use of our players cards. I do think they need to brighten up the place a little and maybe expand.We would stay there again just because we like downtown and because its a little looser.	
Oct 22 2004	So-so	The Plaza Hotel has seen better days. It definitely needs refurbishing. We stayed there in April 2004 and July 2004 (4th the of July weekend).The place is more run-down than anything. Folks have gotten to calling it a &quot;Vintage Vegas&quot; hotel. Our rooms were generally clean, but everything - carpets, wallpaper, etc. - is worn out. Bedding was clean, but knowing the place was old made you wonder how they kept things up.The Plaza came under new ownership this year and you would think/hope they'd have some ideas for improvements. The casino is smaller and older, lots of those new electronic slots with the traditional ones mixed in.Lots of reservations places list it as a 3 or 4 star because of the pool, 2 tennis courts, number of restaurants, etc, but it's really just a really big and old Best Western in my opinion. When I think of a 4-star I think Sunset Station, MGM, etc. - you can put a pool and tennis courts in my yard and does not make my home a 4-star hotel.We stay there because room rates are low, $20 a night on hotelkingdom in April, and then after our first stay we were offered any 7 nights (including holidays) in 6 months for free. It's a place to drop off our bags. We don't usually eat there - they have a Chinese buffet (didn't look as good as a Panda Express), Diner-style coffee-shop, scary snack bar, Seattle's best coffee, and a McDonalds - but for less money you can find better food a block away.Room rates range from $20 to $80+ (holiday weekends) but the Golden Nugget down the street has regular $49 deals and you can even find rooms for that price on the strip.If you stay here because it's cheap, but find yourself going eleswhere for food, entertainment, gambling, etc. then you should just stay somewhere else to begin with. We never used all of our free nights - that should tell you something.	
Oct 21 2004	plaza not worth any amount of money	For our first trip to Las Vegas we stayed one day downtown and 04 days on the strip. the hotel I chose was the plaza. this hotel was very bad. there is no early checkin. when we were able to check in and was given our room, the room was very dirty. the carpet had stains that looked as if someone drop soda etc on the carpet and no-one attempted to clean the carpet.windows were very dirty, the bathroom was old and in need of repair and the light fixture had bugs crawling around which was the last straw for me and i promptly asked for another room. the second room was only somewhat better. Scared to sleep under the bedding and slept in clothes. Bed was very hard and not worth the effort. the hotel was very smokey and had a strange unpleasant smell and not cheerful at all. the food was terrible, i ordered a well done hamburger at the cafe that sits inside the casino on the walkway and my burger came back rare. for 65.00 a night this hotel was a joke and worser then a motel 6.i would not refer anyone to this hotel, so visitors please beware of this hotel. If you must stay downtown, choose the golden nugget but not the plaza.	
Oct 20 2004	It's alright	We stayed at the Plaza in June of this year. The room we had for 5 days had a veiw of the railroad tracks in back and the bed saged. everthing else was just ok. Although we like staying downtown, I'm not sure that we'd stay at the Plaza again.	
Oct 18 2004	You get what you pay for.	POSITIVE: 1)The hotel is located near one of the greatest buffets in Las Vegas, &quot;Main Street Station&quot; Buffet. 2)The lobby clerk &quot;Bev&quot; was very helpful 3)Reasonably priced hotel 4)Nice view form 23 floor 5)Clean roomsNEGATIVE: 1)Very rude front desk clerks who hate their jobs 2)Downtown has lots of shady characters 3)They lost our reservation information 4)The carpets were stained 5)Old rooms &amp; hotel	
Sep 28 2004	The Plaza Hotel great!!!	We loved the hotel !! Our room was wonderful facing fremont street and very clean and spacious!!! all the staff were friendly. center stage resturant was excellent !!!! and reasonable! we would stay there again and again. Understand we have stayed on the strip many times but downtown is the best and the Plaza was wonderful ! we will be back to the Plaza you can be sure!!!	
Aug 26 2004	Alot of FUN!	Ok.. I read the reviews for the hotels I stay at and usually agree. But, the reviews for this hotel are ridiculous to me. I stayed at the Plaza for 7 nights the first of May and never experienced any odor to in the rooms. In the casino, there was odor of smoke, but that is expected in smaller casinos. &lt;shrug&gt; We usually stay at the Stratosphere, but I wanted to try downtown and it was alot cheaper. Here was my experience...First, before I went, I read somewhere that if a person isn't satisified with their hotel room in Vegas, then it is their own fault for not complaining. We checked into the Plaza and had been upgraded from a Standard to Deluxe room at no charge. The Deluxe room had no hot water when we got there, but within 30 minutes, a repairman came in and fixed it. Looking out the window, I had no view (and for 7 nights, I really wanted one), so I went down to the front desk, killed them with kindness, and requested a better view. They told me they were sold out but to come down the next morning and they would change rooms. I went down about 9:00 and they gave me a new room number that would be available around noon. Come to find out, they upgraded again to a Petite Suite with a balcony overlooking Freemont Street. Just for ASKING!! This goes to show that they do TRY to help people who are dissatisfied. The rest of our trip was phenominal. Hubby made friends with the dealers on the poker tables and I made friends with the Pit Boss, Dealers, and even had a Casino Host visiting with me and gave me his card at Blackjack. Now, keep in mind that I never bet over $5 a hand a blackjack and hubby plays cheap Texas Holdum poker. So, none of this has to do with being a high roller, because we aren't. We go to Vegas on vacation one time a year and this was our first stay at the Plaza.Another hint is... if you sit at a table for awhile and make yourself noticed, you eat free at the Plaza. Can't say we paid for any meals there due to the comps and the coupons in the Plaza Pleasure Pak.I love this hotel. Unless attitudes change, it is where I choose to spend my time when in Vegas. Remember, killem with kindness!	
Aug 16 2004	Another Wonderful Stay	Another wonderful stay at the Plaza. Stayed there, 8/8 to 8/14. Stayed in North Tower Rooms 1111 &amp; 1116. Room 1111, was a handicapped access, and was quite large as was the bathroom. Room was clean, well done, and the beds were comfortable. Room 1116, was nice and clean. Excellent view of the FSE. Yes, the Plaza is showing its age, but the staff was great as well as the casino and the room. Will stay here again.	
Aug 11 2004	Disappointed	I was very disappointed in the housekeeping at the Plaza. Room was not cleaned, beds were made only, after our first night's stay. On the third day of our stay someone from housekeeping hung our &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on the door after we had left for a day trip to Laughlin. When we returned late that evening the sign was on our door (it definitely came from our room) and nothing had been done. Called housekeeping and they did clean the room late that evening. No apology or acknowledgement from them. I will have second thoughts about staying there again.	
Jul 21 2004	Bargain basement hotel	I stayed here for three days and wished I hadn't. The Plaza is set right at the end of the Freemont Street experience; excellent to pop out the hotel entrance and watch the awesome light show; not so awesome at 3.30am when music is pumping out from street performers for hours at a time...The Plaza's air circulation system didn't work properly (or it didn't have one) so the casino area (which is also right next to the check-in desk) is very smokey from all the cigarette smoke.The room wasn't particularly impressive. It was small, not very well kept and not amazingly clean either - it wasn't dirty per se, just, well, it was just old and tired.The bonus to the Plaza is that it's cheaper than most other Vegas hotels, but that's because you get what you pay for. Personally, I would recommend spending the extra money and go to one of the newer modern hotels on the strip...	
Jul 17 2004	Staying at the Plaza was the worst trip I ever had to Vegas.	The Plaza Hotel was the worst experience I ever had in Vegas and I've been vacationing there for more than 20 years. The casino is dingy and dirty, the staff never smiles or is pleasant, the rooms are large and clean but haven't been updated since the 50's. The food is pricey, cold and tasteless (in the coffee shop). And when we checked out, we were being charged $79 per night when our rate was guaranteed through Orbitz of $79/$29. The desk clerk, a man, was a rude as possible, told us &quot;they weren't Orbitz, and this is what we were paying&quot; then flung the bill to me over the desk. I had to go back to my room, dig through the garbage to recover the torn up confirmation. The second desk clerk, a lady, was pleasant and straightened every thing out for us. It took nearly an hour and a half to check out. The only cudos I have is for the bellhop that took us to our room who was friendly and pleasant, the housekeeping staff for their cleanliness of the rooms as old and tired as they are, and the second desk clerk who was pleasant and more than willing to help us out. We wouldn't stay there again if the rooms were free, and my advice, NEVER, NEVER pay $79/night for this place. $29 is appropriate for what you get and not a penny more!!!	
Jul 5 2004	Love Plaza Hotel and Vegas	I Love the Plaza. The people are real nice. The room is big enough to get around in my wheelchair. The price is right. So i can come back 3 or 4 times. I am coming to the Super Bingo. I love Bingo. The people at Bingo are very nice people. They have everything at the Plaza. Pat Pursley St Petersburg Florida.	
Jun 23 2004	Can't beat the value here	If you use your room for nothing but a place to sleep and clean up the value here is terrific. Clean,spacious,view from north tower front is great. Best of all is the racebook because there is plenty of room to spread out your racing form and the old time result boards are right out of &quot;The Sting.&quot; Hope they never go electronic. Have never seen word one about the Omaha Lounge's Dusty Barron but this guy is a multi-talented gem. Having McDonalds right off the lobby and Subway is a big plus. Have been coming to Vegas for the last 20 years and have never stayed anywhere else. However the place is showing its age. Some kind of &quot;brightening&quot; renovations would help. But for the money you can't beat it.	
Jun 16 2004	Wonderful	I have stayed on Fremont Street before,but, this the first time I have stayed at the Plaza. I found it to be a very nice experience. The people who work there were very helpful, and in some cases had a wonderful sense of humor. Found that the help went out of their way to help you anyway they could. Would like to put a good word in for Dee, (Security) who helped us greatly when we had a problem with our ride to the airport. It's nice to find people like that. Plan to return .... 	
Jun 16 2004	Great Value for the "Old Vegas" experience	Went to Vegas with my husband and two friends (late 20's/early 30's) at the end of May and spent out first night at the Plaza. After that, we moved down to the Strip into the Flamingo--wished we stayed at the Plaza.It's true that the hotels on the Strip are much nicer than the ones on Fremont Street, but your chances of winning are MUCH better downtown. Too, it's a lot of fun--really has that &quot;Old Vegas&quot; feel. Don't expect a luxury hotel room, instead enjoy the light show, cheap games and GREAT complimentary drink service. We were never left with an empty glass at the Plaza. Would go there again-how much time do you spend in your room anyway? A short cab ride to the Strip will get you to any nightclub.We'll be back for more than a one night stay at the Plaza.	
Jun 9 2004	smelly room	Our room smelled, there was no hot water, and do they not have cable in the room on purpose? 	
May 26 2004	Pleasant stay at the Plaza	I had a pleasant stay at the Plaza and enjoyed the proximity of Fremont Street. Good things to expect: reasonable rates, clean rooms with small refrigerators, friendly staff, 24-hour gift shop, first-class restaurant, fitness center, wedding chapel, great coffee shop in the lobby, delicious food at the diner. However, there was no coffeemaker in the room; no cable TV, either, only network channels with poor reception. Luckily, Vegas offers plenty of entertainment; cabs are always available but one should expect to pay $10-15 to the Strip and at least $20 to the airport each way.	
May 23 2004	Nice Place	The best part is that this hotel is in the heart of downtown, right in front of Fremont Street and also easily accessible from I-15. After reading some reviews I was a little sceptical but then it turned out quite OK. The hotel rooms are quite large, nice and clean. The looks of the hotel are old and cannot be compared with the newer ones. But it is OK to spend your nights here......save some money and indulge elsewhere. I would recommend this hotel to all except honeymooners. 	
May 20 2004	Pleased with the Plaza	Stayed at the Plaza for the first time last week. People were friendly, food was good, gambling was fun. Rooms were clean. I never noticed this &quot;funny odor&quot; in the casino that many others have written about. The price is right. The location fabulous. Pool was refreshing. No more strip for me. I will definitely go back to the Plaza again. 	
May 9 2004	What's The Fuss??	If you're an uptight rich snob don't stay here. It's not a $300 a night resort. What you get is a reasonable room at a very good price. The casino looks old but has the old Vegas feel to it. In other words, you can win. Nice selection of restuarants. Best of all is that you're next to the Fremont Street light show. All the other casinos and food places of downtown are just a few steps away, no taxis or monorails needed. I like this place!	
May 7 2004	It's Not Jackie Gaughans Plaza Anymore.	It's been about 3 or 4 months since Barrick Gaming bought the plaza, and the changes are starting to show. The fantastic $2 craps game with 10X odds is gone, replaced by a $5 minimum with 3X4X5X odds. These are strip odds, for Pete's sake. At the Plaza? The casino still smells funny, though. Barrick should have changed that, and left the craps game alone. The Plaza has the ONLY Bingo room left Downtown, and the crew is fantastic.(The Western has Bingo,but the place is a certified dump). So please, Barrick Gaming, don't screw up your Bingo like you screwed up your craps. Main Street Station is where the craps game is now - $5 minimum with 20X odds. Don't send your Bingo Players to Palace Station, Gold Coast or Arizona Charlie's, 'cause the Plaza's Bingo crew is really top notch.	
May 6 2004	had a great time	we had a great time in las vegas! i was really concerned about the plaza hotel, but it was not near as bad as the reviews led you to believe. the bathroom was small, but the room was clean. our first room's view was looking at a highway, but all we did was call to the front and ask for a room over looking freemont street. the food at the plaza i would not recommend, but just walk down the street to the golden nugget and you won't be dissapointed. i loved downtown, i have never won on slot machines like i did there. it was a blast and i can not wait to go back! donwtown really is a taste of old las vegas, i did not even see the strip because we were having so much fun. next time i go who knows where i will stay, but i would not object to staying at the plaza again, i mean you are hardly in your room anyway!	
Apr 21 2004	Unbeatable Fun	My 1st visit to Vegas in March 2004. I stayed in the Plaza with a room facing the Fremont Street light shows, which are amazing. The room was big, clean and comfertable. The hotel staff were very friendly, and the breakfasts were excellent. The gambling is the cheapest I found in Downtown, and the atmosphere here was the best I encountered from both Downtown and on The Strip. This is definately &quot;real&quot; Vegas compared to the commercialism on The Strip. Overall a fantastic 5 days and I can't wait to go back. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 18 2004	Best Trip - Lots of Fun	I have stayed at many Hotels in Las Vegas, but for the value the Plaza cannot be out done. The staff is extremely courteous; the restaurants are good (the price is right too). I have visited the Plaza 3 times (4 counting this memorial Day weekend) I take my Mother to Vegas twice a year for the past 6 years, and we have stayed at the $$$$ Pricier Hotels on the strip and made the decision to stay at the Plaza again this time. I would recommend Plaza to everyone that wants a Great deal on a room in Las Vegas.	
Apr 15 2004	Expectations Met	My wife and I stayed at the Plaza in March 2004.It was my first time there and I was pleasantly surprised.While the place is old,our room was large and clean.The amount of money that we payed was a little over $400.00 for 7 nights which I thought was an excellent deal.I did eat at the buffet one morning and at the resturant a few times and the food was good.There was a small problem once where the waiyer had a hard time understanding what I was saying.Considering the amount of Phillopino workers here,I guess that this is really not a big deal.All things being considered,this hotel was an excellent bargin for the money.Please do not expect a modern place or one with many ammenities and you won't be disappointed.	
Apr 13 2004	Lots of FUN!!!!	 Had a great time here. The Dusty Baron show was outstanding. The chinese buffet was Excellent. Fremont St. much better than the strip. Looking forward to my next trip there. 	
Apr 7 2004	Horrible Service	What a horrible experience we had here....... My husband and I came to Vegas to celebrate our 10 year wedding anniversary. We stayed at the Golden Nugget but decided to renew our wedding vows and the only place I could find within walking distance of our hotel downtown was at the chapel in the Plaza. What a MISTAKE!!!! They were quick to take our money, but while we were saying our vows the &quot;pastor&quot; called me by the wrong name! Needless to say, we didn't buy that video. Well, we had to wait to have our picture sent to us in the mail and it turned out that they sent us the wrong picture. When I tried to call to get the situation straightened out, they hung up on me several times and I could hear them talking about me in the backround in a very negative manner...... I would NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone. They never so much as appologized for all of the screw-ups and refused to even consider sending me the correct picture until they had the incorrect picture in their hands (How much could a picture possibly cost, after all of their mistakes they should have just said don't bother!) . I'm quite sorry that I even tipped these idiots. Worst customer service I have ever encountered!	
Mar 16 2004	cheap but smells	It's sad to see that what once was a really classy place is now just a dinosaour compared to the new corperate giants. The Rooms are relatively small but good value for the price about 20 dollars weekday, 45 weekend. The bathrooms are so small it feels like your going into a closet. They are rather clean however. The casino is average. One thing that stands out is this incredible smell in the air, i do not know if it is from cigars or the air conditioning , but , it really stinks inside. I think the big pluses of staying here is - 1) the price and location - you cannot beat it. 2) the place seems very secure. 3) if you just need a place to crash after an all night gambling spree this is a good place. 4) Its nice than a motel. Do not come here for - 1) a honeymoon 2) to impress someone 3) for a luxurious pamering experience. Over all this is a place i would consider coming to again , if I come with a bunch of friends and all I want is a place to crash. If youre on a budget go fo it.	
Mar 13 2004	If you enjoy stained carpets and winos.	If you are in need of a room, bad, and you can't find a place to stay - you can probably get a room at this joint. If seeing drunks and derelicts sleeping in the sports book area would trouble you, don't stay here. In fact, if being around derelicts bothers you, don't stay here.I have seen things at this hotel that I've not seen in ghettos. I was playing black jack. An elderly lady walks by the tables and she is holding a tissue against her face. She moved her hand and the tissue fell - she picked it up and stuck it back against her face. No, she was not crying, she was not injured - she was some sort of bag lady probably looking for a toilet and a corner to sleep in. Did the pit boss summon security to boot her out? Of course not, this is the rule at Plaza. They have penny slots - what more need I say?This hotel is also the location of the Greyhound bus depot. It figures.The rooms are decent size but the carpets are filthy. They have a parking ramp so that's a plus. The rest of the joint is should be rated a minus 4 stars. Stay here if you are broke or can't find somewhere else to stay. It's a last resort.	
Feb 25 2004	Great for the price	My husband and I spent our first anniversary here. Is much cheaper than staying on the strip, the rooms are large and clean. Didn't spend a lot of time in the room anyway. This is an old hotel and casino, and could use some updating, but we would stay there again. The staff were very friendly.	
Feb 25 2004	just love the Plaza	We stayed @ the Plaza Feb 7th 2004 for 4 nights.the rooms were very clean, food was excellent, location excellent &amp; the poker room was great. Casino is a bit old but so what. it is fun &amp; enjoyable &amp; the price is right. We plan on going back in August	
Feb 24 2004	Kind 	The location is excellent and the facility itself is good, providing value for money. Lots of dining choices inside, and even more elsewhere outside on Fremont St. The hotel provides return visitors with room comps, so it pays to sign up for their newsletters. Every hotel employee I dealt with at the Plaza was pleasant and helpful, and I noticed other guests received the same kind treatment. A fussbudget might've gotten bent out of shape over a small corner of loose wallpaper in the room, but I could've cared less.	
Feb 17 2004	I just walked through the casino--smells funny	I did not stay here. We toured the casino and decided that we couldnt linger very long because of the very thick smell. It was like some kind of yucky air freshener to cover up the cigarette smoke, but it just seemed so....well, thick. Not quite gas station bathroom toilet freshener, but not a whole lot better. I dont know anything about service, or rooms or anything else other than I couldnt stay there to gamble	
Feb 2 2004	Very Pleasant Stay	A friend and I stayed at the Plaza in June of 2003 and we thought it was very nice. The room we shared was very large and pleasant not like some of the newer hotels where you can barely turn around without bumping into each other. We loved being across the street from the Fremont District's light show and away from the busy, noisy strip. We had read some bad reviews of the hotel and didn't know what to expect, but we enjoyed our stay very much. The place was well kept up. The free-with-one drink impersonator show was awesome! The young man did great impersonations. The price was great and we'd stay again.	
Jan 24 2004	pleasant surprise	Just returned home yesterday from our trip and would like to say we had a great time. After having comitted to staying at the Plaza sight unseen and reading some of the poor commentary on it, we were a little nervous about experiencing this hotel. What a pleasant surprise! Yes, the hotel is old and could use some upgrading. Yes, the food is not the greatest but there is a variety of places to eat and certainly tons of great spots right in the vicinity. The employees were all pleasant, the rooms were clean and the casino had some decent slots to play. We were able to relax and have lots of fun. A return trip? Maybe. If so, stay at the Plaza? Absolutely!!!!	
Jan 4 2004	bragged and let down	trip did not live up to the expectation. we got poor service, bad food, and rude employees. It made it worse because we invited our in-laws after telling them our first trip was great in Aug, (99). We will never stay here again.	
Jan 4 2004	Plaza Hotel it leaves alot to be desired!!	The Plaza.... well what can I say... Could this be one of the worst hotels in Las Vegas, well quite simply the answer is yes. The smell of the Casino will stay with me to the day I die. The staff are unfriendly the cleanliness has a lot to be desired. I would not under any circumstance stay at this hotel, don't make the mistake that I did.. You've been warned!!!	
Dec 28 2003	2000 credits to qaulify for comps	gambling sucks , 2000 credits to qaulify for comps,. however rooms were large and other casinos around not bad	
Dec 25 2003	Hated the Plaza	Our third trip to Vegas this year started out horrible! As soon as we walked in to the Plaza, it went down hill! First, Bruce, the desk clerk, could not find our reservations &amp; tried to put the blame on Expedia. We've used them many times &amp; never had a problem &amp; would not have been on the airplane if there was a problem. After finally being given our room~~what a disappointment. We found out the day before we were to leave that we were given the oldest room in the hotel. The room was horrible! The carpet had a big stain, the furniture had to have been the original when the hotel opened. It even had missing handles from the dresser. The TV was so small &amp; old that you could not read the news going across the bottom. The bathroom was very little with a missing stopper in the sink. The toilet ran all of the time~~even complaining did not get it fixed. The worse part was having to wait in the check in line to get to the safe. DO NOT eat at the Chop Chop room!! The food is the worse I have ever had in Vegas! After complaining about our experience, we were offered a free stay which I refused to accept!! I would never stay at the hotel again!	
Dec 6 2003	The Smell was bad	I just returned from a five night stay in Las Vegas at the Plaza Hotel. It was my ninth trip to Las Vegas so I know what to expect in downtown vegas. This was my first and last stay at the Plaza. I had room 1402. The room was very large but very dirty. The couch and chairs were so old and dirty I had to cover them with towels before I could sit on them. What was really bad was the smell of the casino. We did most of our playing at other down town casinos. The price was good, the place was bad.	
Nov 5 2003	90% thumbs up	First time at the Plaza but our tenth time in downtown Las Vegas. Rooms were very large ,clean and quiet. Check in staff and dining staff were excellent.Coupon book was used and Breakfast buffet was average , Chinese was excellent and Steak &amp; Lobster special was indeed special.Location is perfect to roam Fremont street. Only bad experience was valet parking attendent .He was contfrontational ,rude and generally not consumer oriented.Twice had words with him and tried to avoid him .Would I stay again? Probably, but may try another place next year.	
Oct 13 2003	stinky room	we stayed at the plaza oct 9-11 2003 the room stunk like urine the beds were crap saggy spings poking thru mattress bathroom very cramped this place should be totally remolded or torn down i ate in the diner the seats are covered in dirty stickey vinyl the seats are uncomfortable service slow at peak times overall rating -10 ,dont waste your money . fitzgeralds, california, and main street station are much better choices	
Sep 17 2003	Friends Married Here	Stayed at the Plaza 29th August - 7th September 2003. The friend I travelled with has stayed at the Plaza before and thoroughly enjoyed it so suggested her son use it as a venue for his wedding. The staff were very efficient in the main. The cashiers were very friendly, always had a smile and time for a chat. A few miseries on reception on occasion! We were kept &quot;well watered&quot; in the casino. The wedding was first class, although brief. Ok, so it is a little shabby in places and we did have a leaky ice machine on our floor (24th), but I suppose the price reflects this. We had an excellent view of the Strip from our room (2430) in the South Tower. There is an excellent bus service the other end of Freemont Street. The #301 bus travels the length of the Strip. For $5 you can buy a 24 hour ticket and get on and off as much as you like. Good value when a single journey is $2.I would definitely stay here again. The Strip is a little too busy and &quot;in your face&quot; for me.	
Sep 14 2003	Great Place To Stay	We stayed at the Plaza Sept 8th thru the 12th 2002 The entire staff of the Plaza are super people they really do go that extra mile. We went to Vegas again this year and we chose to stay on the strip the hotel we choose was a mightmare and we were very dissatisfied with everyting.We went downtown to the Plaza to eat and play in the casino and we had a great time. It was great to walk into a place you have only stayed in once and the cashiers remembered us as well as the people in the restaraunt. That is not something you find very often, i was so impressed with them and i would not think twice about staying there again. I take of my hat to everyone who runs and works at the Plaza.	
Aug 23 2003	Not Great Not Horrific	I stayed at the Plaza twice. August 5-8, 2003 and August 10-13, 2003. I found a cheaper place to stay on the weekend when the prices at the Plaza flew sky high. Overall, it's not a bad place. The first stay, I was in the South Tower, 8th Floor. It was clean enough, bathroom's tiny, and yes, it is worn. Unfortunately, on my last day, while checking to see if I left anything behind, I looked under the beds and there were a previous man's crumpled up socks underneath the bed! Meaning it's been there for days and may still be there! Pretty gross, I must say. The second stay was worse, I was in the South Tower, once again, in 1035 and the room just smells of urine. As soon as I walked in there, I could smell it. It helped to turn up the AC, unfortunately, the maids would constantly turn it off if I was out of the room, which was all the time, so I'd come back to a smelly room everyday. The 8th floor maids put the AC on full blast so I'm not sure what the deal is there. The bed had a wooden frame/support so there was no way any strangers' socks would be found. Perhaps that explains why the maids didn't check under the beds on the first stay. Upon check out, I asked the woman (British accent?) a simple question : 'How do I get to the airport?' She hadn't a clue, and told me to go outside and ask! I suppose there should've been security outside but there wasn't. AND she didn't even bother giving me a receipt. The breakfast buffet isn't worth the money so unless you have a free voucher (which I had and think I have a leftover one if anyone wants - expires 8.28) don't bother. It's pretty gross if you really think about it, then again, so are most hotel breakfast buffets. It's a fine place to crash, it's worn, and it's luck of the draw on the rooms and people who are helpful and know their stuff. And be careful, the doors sometimes don't close and lock properly without a good, strong pull/push, and make sure the maids close them properly too!	
Aug 23 2003	You get what you pay for	It's seen better days. It's clean. It's full of smoke. They are making improvements. The Center Stage restaurant is actually very good. Good convention/meeting facilities.	
Aug 16 2003	Great trip thanks to the Plaza	Just got back from the Plaza, had a great trip. We drove 20 hours to get there and arrived earlier then expected, there was no problem checking in early and they made sure we were in the same tower as the couples we were meeting there. (they had booked separately). The staff was very friendly and helpful. We were in the south tower on the 23rd floor facing south to the strip, it was a great view at night. The room was big but the bathroom was a little tight, certainly not bad enough to be a problem. Easy access to the FSE which was a great time. The party atmosphere on Fremont street is a lot of fun and you are truely withing easy walking distance from half a dozen other casinos, not like the strip where you may need to day plan just to walk to the next casino. The Poker room was very friendly and they made sure the comped drinks were frequent and fairly strong. All in all we spent about 20 hours in our room in three days which made the $23 a night a great bargin.	
Aug 10 2003	Very Nice	I always receive courteous service. Rooms worn but very clean. I am handicapped, and they can't do enough for me.	
Aug 8 2003	very friendly and helpfull		
Aug 3 2003	Rude 		
Jun 18 2003	Great time at the Plaza		
Jun 17 2003	not too bad		
Jan 7 2003	I don't know what everyone is so flustered about		
Jan 6 2003	Like the Plaza		
Dec 5 2002	ripped off by housekeeping!!!!		
Nov 18 2002	No Response to complaints		
Nov 9 2002	Nasty		
May 12 2002	Nightmare		
Jun 23 2009 	Très très bon rapport qualité prix		
May 20 2009	Vieillot et sale. Déconseillé		
Jan 19 2009 	???????????????		
Jan 9 2009 	??????????		
Oct 30 2008	très bon hôtel		
Aug 21 2008 	Attention en cas de réservation avec carte de crédit		
May 21 2008	tres deçus		
May 20 2008 	Hotel épouvantable		
Mar 17 2008 	Très bon rapport qualité/prix		
Nov 11 2007	Viejo caro		
Aug 9 2007 	Günstig und gut wohnen in Las Vegas		
Feb 23 2007	quelle déception...		
