Jun 18 2009 	Excellent hotel and value	I stayed here while on a business trip to Las Vegas. The location was ideal for me based on where I needed to be, and I wanted to avoid the hassle/expense of the big resorts and casinos. The service here was fantastic, very helpful and friendly staff, complementary cold water and WiFi Internet, cookies in the evenings, and managers receptions as well. Breakfast is included. It wasn't as nice as the Homewood Suites I've stayed in the past, but it was still ok. Your basic continental buffet plus eggs and one other hot dish. It seems that they don't have an actual kitchen though, so it appeared they only served what they could microwave (no bacon for example). They also had &quot;breakfast to go&quot; bags consisting of water, cereal bars, fruit and a muffin.The rooms were perfect, comfy beds and newly installed flat screen TVs. A laptop cushion for working in bed was a nice touch. Bathrooms were basic but fine for my needs. The room had a refrigerator and microwave as well.The only real complaint was the fitness center, it consisted of 2 treadmills, a stair master and a recumbent bike. They did have free passes to the gold's gym about a mile down the road.Overall though this was a nearly perfect hotel for the business traveler or even for families on a budget looking to avoid the big casino hotel atmosphere.	
Jan 31 2009	Outstanding Service and facilities	I am in the military and recently was sent on a temporary duty to Las Vegas. I had never stayed in a Hampton Inn before so I did not know what to expect. When I arrived the staff welcomed me warmly and informed me of places and activities to do around the area. The room was very clean and comfortable with adequate space and comfortable beds. The next morning, the receptionist greeted me by my first name and led me to their incredibly nice hot breakfast. Then as we left we were given a newspaper and a snack bag which was very thoughtful.  The area was very nice and conveniently close to many shopping stores and restaurants. We were far enough from the city for it to be quiet, but close enough to get to the strip in 15 minutes or less. The hotel has a gym, but if you are seriously going to workout while you are there, they offer a free pass to the Gold's Gym about 5 minutes away. All we had to do was show our Hampton Inn room key and no questions were asked. As expected the Gold's Gym was very very nice.  All employees at this location went out of their way to speak to you and make sure you were taken care of. This was one of the best hotels I have stayed in and the customer service was out of this world. They really made me feel at home. This went on for three weeks as our duty lasted. Thanks Hampton Inn. It was a true pleasure to stay with you. I will definitely stay in the chain of hotels and would recommend this hotel to anyone in a heartbeat.	
Mar 21 2008 	Better Than Other Hamptons	This was a convenient place to stay after flying into Las Vegas for the night. We were headed out to southern Utah the following morning. We also stayed here the night before flying home. We frequently stay at Hampton Inns while traveling, alternating with bed and breakfast establishments. This was the best Hampton Inn we've ever stayed at. Everything seemed upgraded a notch - more spacious rooms, better furnishings, more breakfast options. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed our stay, brief as it was, and will book again under similar circumstances.	
Aug 29 2007 	Great home away from home	I stayed here from August 10 to August 23, on business. I stayed in room 324.I like this place. My room was clean, the staff were friendly, wireless internet was provided, and I felt very comfortable there. A substantial breakfast is provided by the hotel. Nothing fancy, but a good selection of things to choose from, and very tasty. I wish they'd had waffles, but you can't have everything.My room was clean, and included a microwave and a refrigerator with freezer. The bed was comfortable, and I slept really well.My one gripe with the room was that the bathroom had a &quot;low-flush&quot; toilet--the kind that is supposed to save water but you have to flush several times in order for it to complete the job, thus eliminating any savings. Anyway, it clogged three times during my stay. Since I was the only one in the room it was a minor inconvenience.The hotel is located in Las Vegas, but it's away from &quot;the Strip&quot; and the typical Vegas night scene. This is a great place to stay if you don't need (or want) to be near all the action. The hotel is right next to the freeway, which is convenient, but the airport is on the opposite end of town. Keep this in mind if you need to go to the airport, as some travel time is involved (more time during rush hour).Disclaimer: This review, and the material and opinions presented therein, is mine, and not my employer's.	
Jul 17 2007 	Nothing wrong here	We arrived here late after a long drive from Yosemite. There was a long queue at check in but the receptionist was very pleasant when dealing with awkward guests. The free cookies were very welcome. Coffee was available at the breakfast bar next to the pool.We asked for 2 adjacent rooms which were quite spacious and clean.We all had a midnight dip in the pool which was surreal -swimming in themiddle of the desert with traffic noise speeding past. The rooms were quiet enough.Breakfast was adequate enough. A good enough place to rest for the night.	
Aug 20 2006 	This was a much better place than expected.	I don't know what people are complaining about, but I just finished a two night stay at this property and it was terrific. I used HiltonHHonors points to pay for this stay, which was the main reason why I stayed here. I would not have payed $109+ tax per night to stay here as you can stay on the strip for about the same price. This property is only a 10 minute drive from the strip and is right off the highway (95).Overall, it is was you would expect from a Hampton. There are some real postives about this property, however, that I would like to mention. First, I arrived late (after 1AM) and had no problems at all checking in. In fact, the lady had set aside my preferred room (King-Non-smoking), so it would not be given away. She didn't even ask for me credit card (though I had entered that info on the website). It was the quickest check-in that I have ever had at a hotel. Second, The hotel offers a small business center with free access to a computer (with internet) and fax machine/printer. This really came in handy. Third, the hotel offers free access to a Gold's Gym nearby. This is great for people staying a while at this property.My room was clean and the ac worked well. The bathroom was large. My only complaint is that the water pressure was pretty weak. Overall, I was very happy with this Hampton Inn.	
Jul 1 2006	100% Satiisfied 0% Excited...	We stayed here because it was offering rooms through Hilton HHonors on an &quot;Opportunity&quot; Category basis, meaning 7500 points, which made it practically free. I have no real complaints about this Hampton Inn, but there's nothing to get excited about, either. The room size is nice, there's adequate work space with free high-speed internet. Everything was spotlessly clean, and, as usual, breakfasts are among the best of the free breakfasts in this category of hotel (a bit better than Holiday Inn Express in my opinion). The exercise room was small but well-maintained.However, there are no meals other than breakfast either at the hotel or within walking distance. The pool is tiny. The hotel is in a dull business park area by a freeway. Getting to downtown or, worse yet, the strip is awkward, especially during the ongoing freeway construction (the traffic was always bumper-to-bumper). You don't get an upgraded room for being HHonors Gold (and I had to remind them just to get the package of oreo cookies I was entitled to). I certainly would have trouble understanding why one would stay here unless one needed to be in the immediate area, at the prices they're asking (and certainly at HHonors Category 3 that they're now under).Hampton Inns offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee. If you're not 100% satisfied with your experience, you get your money back. There's nothing to be dissatisfied about this hotel--but not much to be excited about, eihter.	
May 5 2006	As long as you don't care what you get...	We made an on-line reservation for our family - 2 double beds in a non-smoking room. Got a confirmation that stated we had reserved 2 beds/non-smoking. When we arrived - we were given the key to a (really smelly) smoking room with one king-bed. I showed the desk clerk our confirmation but was told, &quot;well, that's what they reserved for you and we don't have any other rooms...(shrug)&quot; so at 11:30PM, with two exhuasted kids - we were scrambling to find a place to stay. As we were gathering our stuff to leave, another couple entered and asked, &quot;Are you leaving? Is something wrong with this place?&quot; and I recounted our experience. This other couple checked in and got a non-smoking room(?!) If they couldn't honor reservation, they should have sent me an e-mail or phoned. Apparently, what you reserve has no correlation with what you actually get...	
Feb 26 2006	Great Non Gambling place	Nice to be able to stay in a place thats not full of smoke and slot machines. Great staff and clean rooms. Better make your reservations as soon as you know you want to stay there (I got the last room at 4PM on a Tuesday) and the clerk said it was always that busy. There are nice shopping centers close by with Outback, Olive Garden, Walmart, KFC, Target, etc. Liked it so much, made a resv for last night b4 flight back.	
Sep 17 2005 	Don't count on them!	I had a 3 day reservation: was informed after 2 days that I only had a 2 day reservation....and the rudeness started.... from the desk to tom the houseman ...if you are doing business, avoid this place like the plague!	
Aug 29 2005	Great non-gambling hotel.	This was a great place to stay, especially if looking to be away from the strip. It's not over crowded. The free business center is nice, as well as the juice and coffee. My kids enjoyed the 8 pm cookies.The rooms are well-maintained and clean. No complaints. The breakfast, however, is very continental. But it worked fine. There are a few malls nearby and the strip is only 15 minutes away. Great choice.	
Oct 5 2004	a fine choice	We stayed here twice (at the beginning and end of our Southwest vacation), and it was a fine choice. It's not near the Strip or the airport, but they're only about 20 minutes drive. The property is clean and well-maintained; the room and bathroom are good sized; and the staff is friendly and helpful. The complimentary breakfast is generous, and there are tons of restaurants right nearby.	
Sep 30 2004 	Excellente place not too far from the fun away from the noise	Excellent place to stay. OK, is far from the strip and downtown, but it depends on your reasons to be in Las Vegas. I went to a software convention and stayed al the Flamingo during the convention, then we moved for three nights to this Hampton Inn. We found the excellent service we have founf on other Hampton's like Houston Galleria. Clean rooms, good complimentary breakfast and peaceful zone. The restaurant nearby is also a very good choice for dinner.	
Aug 25 2004	Recommended.	I always stay here when I come to Vegas for business. They never fail to have clean rooms, a good business center, and a decent breakfast. They work well with special requests and the staff is always extremely pleasant.	
Aug 12 2004	Very pleasant experience	We have stayed at this hotel several times and have never been disapointed. I was pleasantly surprised on the little extras that the hampton Inn provides to make for a comfortable stay. The cookies and snacks are available throughout the day, newspaper every morning, great complimentary breakfast, the business center, fitness center, and attractive room. Very Reasonable rates. Summerlin area is beautiful but wish the hotel was closer to the strip. highly recommend it.	
Jan 31 2004	Christmas in Vegas	We came to Vegas to celebrate Christmas with relatives after the death of my Mother. We were treated with respect and dignity. We babysat our 2 little nieces and the entire staff went out of their way to accomodate our little ones. This is best place we have stayed in a long time. Highly recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 14 2003	Good Choice	I've stayed at this property a number of times and each stay has been positive. Rooms are clean and quiet, and the complimentary continental breakfast is adequate. It's a good choice if you're visiting the northwest part of town and don't care to stay in a casino property.	
Jun 16 2003	Very Nice Business Stay	I stayed at this Hampton Inn when it was set up for me by a bank in Las Vegas that was recruiting me.The front desk greeted me at 11:30 with fresh baked cookies and I found my room to be very clean and spacious.I especially enjoyed the extra large bathroom and free deluxe continental breakfast in the morning.There was a very adequate fitness center and pool and I found the entire building to be quite new.I would recommend it to anyone.	
