	luxury	stayed here a couple of months after it opened. beautiful suite with a great layout. I loved everything from the incredible bathroom, comfortable bed and remote control shades and curtains. Casino at the connected venetian was more lively and fun. Phantom was incredible.	
	Amazing stay at one of Las Vegas' best all suite hotels	Palazzo is a quiet serene oasis in the midst of all the Vegas strip activities. As the twin tower for the Venetian, our huge Palazzo suite had an amazing view of the Strip - directly across from Treasure Island and the Fashion Show Mall. Location is great. You never have to leave the Venetian/Palazzo complex, but if you do, you're close to Wynn and Encore and the Mirage too.	
	Great Stay	This is our second stay here and we would not stay anywhere else. The service and the rooms always excede our expectations. The rooms are huge and always clean. The service is great and are always happy to help you. Everyone who works there from the maids to the taxi line people are always saying good morning, afternoon, ect. I would recomend this hotel to anyone.	
	Mature clientele	We stayed at the Palazzo right after Thanksgiving. We found the hotel to have mature clientele, without much of a party scene, which was just fine. If you think you're a hipster or are looking for a big party scene, this may not be the right hotel for you. The hotel itself is nicely appointed and clean. The rooms are nice, but not impressive, considering what you paid for. In certain areas, there was some &quot;aroma therapy&quot; being pumped in, which when combined with the usual cigarette smoke, was a bit hard to swallow. The staff service was just average. Only one waitress made a positive impression and was tipped accordingly. The desk personnel were friendly, but they had an agenda to sell you paid upgrades.Logistically, the Palazzo is in a good jumping off place if you want to be within close walking distance to either the Wynn, Mirage, TI or Harrahs. The hotel itself is large, and when combined with the sister property, Venetian, can be a slight orientation challenge. Between the two joined properties, there's pretty much something for everyone.Overall, I didn't have any big issues with the hotel, but I had expected more, given the price we paid for our room and additional services there.	
	Vastly Overrated	Unfortunately a big disappointment, except for a few bright spots (servers at Grand Lux, comfortable/spacious room). Service is nowhere near what you'd expect for a five diamond hotel (they just received) -- multiple calls to priority service to get equipment in room in working order, surprise fees, unknowledgeable concierge on multiple occasions, and room service meals sitting in halls for almost 24 hours.Be prepared to pay for fitness center (despite not being noted on website). After being told it was an additional charge to use the whirlpool (asked multiple people), I found one myself outside free of charge -- doesn't the staff know the property?Back to the Bellagio next time	
Nov 26 2009 	my best stay in vegas ever	the Palazzo is te new tower built on the back of the venetian and is an all suite hotel. the 1200+ suite was the nicest I have ever stayed in and the staff was fanatastic. I will definately return soon and often	
Nov 26 2009 	A nice hotel but....	... not over the top &quot;I've gone to heaven&quot; nice. Lovely lobby and check in was very smooth. Room was very nice, spacious and well-cared for but two things put a bit of a damper on this trip to Vegas. Firstly, the smell of the cigarette smoke knocks you over in the casino that you have to walk to in order to get to the elevators that whisk you up to your room, and secondly, I got a bit of attitude from one of their suited staff members at check out which really threw me back. I had numerous suitcases since I was combining a business and leisure trip to three destinations over a two week period and since I couldn't carry them all, I asked an employee who was dressed in a suit rearranging the &quot;traffic&quot; ropes near the front desk if he could help me by either getting the luggage porter himself or calling someone on the radio or telephone so they could help me. The uninterested response I got was, &quot;it'll take me at least 10 minutes to do it - it's right over there&quot;. I couldn't believe my ears. He actually pointed across the room! I'm not feeble but with a swollen ankle, the trip back and forth across the expansive lobby to the front of the hotel was not something I enjoyed or expected I'd have to do. I left the hotel feeling very disappointed.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great Stay	Stayed here with my wife for a 4 night birthday bash. The Palazzo came highly recommended by a friend who lives in Las Vegas. I can now see why. When we first entered our room, I thought the desk clerk had upgraded us and we would be charged additional. The desk assured me we were staying in their basic room. The room had a step down living room, a stunning view over the Strip from 40 floors up, and all the nice touches of a top notch hotel. From complimentary valet parking to a great location to quality of service, this place is outstanding. I have stayed in several other hotels in Las Vegas, and this place is by far the best.	
Nov 22 2009 	Best part of the trip	We stayed at the Palazzo for our 25th wedding anniversary. This was our first trip to Las Vegas. We stayed in a standard luxury suite and was upgraded (free) to the deluxe view. The room was beautiful. Very spacious and clean. There is no need for two people to have a larger room. The hotel attached to The Venitian which is also marvelous. Plan to pay a lot for food in the restaurants. The best deal is the food court in The Venetian. Reasonable prices.Remember not to touch anything in the fridge. You will be charged because everything is on a sensor. We had to have $5.41 taken off our bill. Do not hestitate to stay at either The Palazzo or Venitian. You can't go wrong.	
Nov 21 2009 	Would return any day.	Hotel was BEAUTIFUL, very close to the Strip and a great shopping mall. Prices were very good for the quality! 	
Nov 21 2009 	Beautiful hotel	As with all the new hotels built in vegas - Palazzo is definitely magnificent in size and decor. The room we stayed in was a king suite, beautiful and very clean. We had room service for breakfast one time and the food came quick - and we were not disappointed (although the pricetag was a bit hefty - 60+ dollars!) . We ate at the restaurant Lava (which was OK) and headed up to the club as well on Saturday night. The club was packed but alot of fun. The only qualm I have about the hotel is the pool setup. There are a few different pools that you can use, the first one from the main door - will have no sun until 1pm. So the other adjacent pool which is long and narrow is generally very packed in the morning. Only problem is that there is lack of lounge chair space - we are all literally on top of one another. The pool is long and narrow and so is hte space next to the pool. By 1030 - there was no chair space available and we would be eyeing other hotel patrons to see when they would leave - like a parking spot!All in all - the hotel is beautiful and clean.	
Nov 20 2009 	Fortuna Suite: Not worth upgrade!	We stay at the Palazzo often, and usually upgrade to the Concierge Level. This time we upgraded to a Fortuna Suite, as well.The Concierge Level upgrade continues to be a good buy, with the breakfast selections and evening hors d'ooeuvers, with expertly mixed drinks, worth the daily upgrade of $100. The Foruna Suite upgrade is $70. The Fortuna Suite is huge (advertised to be over 1000 square feet, and is 'pie' shaped, but not well organized. The door to the bathroom is next to the entry door, as it is in most suites, rather than into the bedroom area. There is a convenient walk-in closet, however. We did not feel the additional space warranted the upgrade fee of $70.The Palazzo remains one of the very best hotels in Vegas, with excellent physical facilities and service.	
Nov 20 2009 	Loved It	Me and my sister stayed here for 3 nights in September. Checked in but requested room wasn’t available. Upgraded to a nicer room for our inconvenience – wasn’t complaining! After a quick drink round the pool was called to go up. Room was beautiful could have easily stayed there the whole trip. Bathroom was beautiful and a brilliant size for two girls trying to get ready at the same time. All staff we met were very polite. Only problem I found was the beds were a bit short and I’m not very tall to begin with. Would definitely recommend to friends to stay. 	
Nov 19 2009 	Nice property but prefer other options	I visit Vegas about 4 or 5 times a year and usually stay at either Wynn or Bellagio. Figured I'd give Palazzo a try after an offer I received in mail for 3 free nights, so the price was right.Location Best part of location was easy access to the Wynn. Seriously, I am biased a definitely prefer the Wynn. Palazzo is a bit of a walk to main part of strip (e.g. Caesars, Bellagio, Flamingo, etc..) CasinoThe sports book is really awful. Terrible layout run by a bunch of 20 somethings that seemed a bit clueless. Went at 8:00 am to reserve a table after trying to call down from room..Was told they don't take reservations, but then later saw table reserved. Seemed like each person working down in sports book gave different answer about reserving tables.RoomsHotel rooms are great. sunken living room with two flat screen TV. Nice bathroom although our fixtures were a bit loose. I liked the bed and linens, etc..FoodNot big fan of Grand Luxe which is a fancy Cheesecake Factory, but many people love it. Same goes for Dos Caminos, which was just OK Mexican.Overall, for free was a nice experience, but would probably not go back. If the price is the same would choose Bellagio or Wynn over this property.	
Nov 19 2009 	A great if expensive trip	My wife and I stayed at The Palazzo after being offered an affordable upgrade from our room at The Venetian. Our new room was 43-805 and it was *amazing.* Large TV's in the bedroom and living room, jetted tub, power window shades, THE WORKS. The property itself looks fairly new and quite clean. The hotel section of the property was quiet during our stay and elevators were quick (important, as we were on the 43rd floor). Internet was about $10 a day (MUCH cheaper that I was expecting, though we didn't use it). They have a fitness center and spa on site, but it was $40 a day to use (bummer).The casino was clean and slightly more spacious compared to the other casinos we saw during our stay. They have a &quot;smoke-free corridor&quot; from the lobby to the elevators, otherwise there were plenty of people smoking. Table staff and waitresses were friendly. They offer instructions on many table games (i.e. craps, roulette)during the day as well, for those who are new to gambling. There's plenty to do in and around the casino, with shows each evening and live music at St. Mark's square along the indoor canals. FYI, I would advise against a gondola ride. They are expensive and not private at all, as the many people walking along the canal watch as you pass by. We caught 2 cirque du soleil shows in town without a problem (Mystere and Ka, both were awesome).The food was excellent throughout the property, with the exception of Dal Toro (italian restaurant on the first floor and a major disappointment). Sadly, this quality cooking comes at quite a steep price. I knew that Vegas would be expensive, but it was a challenge to find dinner for under $90 on the property. Room service on the morning of our anniversary was timely and tasty...but $70 for eggs, toast and mimosas seems excessive. Some notably great restaurants were Tao (MUST eat here) and Dos Caminos (best margarita I've had).The location is acceptable, though it would've been nice to have a monorail stop. The walk to Harrah's next door is a long one; the monorail runs behind the casinos and they don't make it easy to get there. The worst offender was Bally's, with an openning for the monorail on the strip, but he actual stop seemed like a 2 mile walk through the casino (it seemed to be a quest for &quot;the monorail within&quot; rather than an actually stop). If you're interested in doing a lot of casino hopping here, this isn't the place for you; the ones in close proximity are Harrah's, Treasure Island (which goes by &quot;T.I.&quot; now), Wynn and Encore. There is also a mall across the street with a food court and a great selection of stores.In closing, The Palazzo is a great property with many options for entertainment and wonderful food. I'd dare say it's the cleanest and most beautiful casino/hotel on the strip. Just be prepared to pay quite a bit for your trip.	
Nov 19 2009 	lovely hotel shame about the dusty room	The hotel itself is very impressive. but the room left alot to be desired..We were disgusted at the thick layer of dust that was on the furniture in the dining area, so thick you could write your name in it!!Bedroom area and bathroom were clean..There were three of us sharing the room as we were attending a conference and wanting to keep costs down When asked iw we could have a duvet/quilt for the sofa bed, rather than the old and scratchy blankets the housekeeping staff were rather sarcastic!They attempted to charge us for items from the fridge that were never consumed! but were quick to take them off when I assired them that the fridge had not been touched..The suite is much smaller in reality tham appears on the virtual tour on the website..We had a conference special rate ad split the cost between three, if I had been paying full price I would have been very dosappointed indeed..	
Nov 19 2009 	An excellent trip.....	I stayed at the Palazzo Resort in Las Vegas from November 14-18, 2009. I travelled with my wife and another couple, all who have never been to this property before. We each reserved a Palazzo Luxury suite, with a King bed.Check in was smooth, we were both able to check in at 10:30am, which is sometimes rare in Vegas. Our room was on the 17th floor (room 17836), facing the strip, while our friends had a room facing the desert, but were on the 37th floor (room 37829). I must say that the strip view is worth it, even if you are sacrificing staying on a higher floor. Our room seemed a touch larger also, as my wife and I each had a full nightstand with drawers, while our friends only had a small shelf attached to the wall. The room itself is nothing short of amazing. The bed was VERY comfortable, the bathroom was larger than some of the bedrooms in my house. Marble everywhere, private toilet, stand alone glass shower, deep soaking tub, double sinks, and a vanity for my wife to use while she did her make up! Quite impressive. The room also boasts a sunken living room featuring a large pull out sectional couch, work station for computer, desk, etc, and a table with 3 chairs, where we had our breakfast, snacks, etc. The curtains and blinds in the room are controlled via remote control, which is pretty cool. The only downside is there are only 2 options....opened and closed. No partial opening. Oh well, I got over it. The 3 plasma tv's in the room more than made up for it! :) The in room safe is large enough for a laptop computer and has an outlet built in so your computer can charge while it is in the safe. The resort itself has a great layout. The casino is smaller than some, but I prefer that. There is no shortage of restaurants in and around the casino, as the building is connected to Venetian also. We ate at Grand Lux Cafe, Noodles Asia, and Sushi Samba. One tip, do not go to Grand Lux Cafe. It was terrible. The other 2 were excellent and we can't wait to go back! We ate at SushiSamba during their happy hour, so we had the opportunity to try a few different things at a low price.The only downfall to this hotel was that upon check-in I was told that &quot;as part of my package&quot;, I was entitled to free high-speed internet, free local phone calls, and access to the gym. I was pretty happy until I saw on my folio that $30.85 had been charged to my room for internet and 1 phone call. The front desk (on check out) told me that if I were to pay the $15 per day &quot;resort fee&quot;, that it would have been included, but since I never used the gym, it would be cheaper to just pay for the internet. This is NOT what I was told upon checking in. Otherwise, I would have not used the internet! Also, I was charged $24 in snacks from the minifridge that were missing when I checked in. At checkout, they removed them from my bill, but she said that someone would be checking the fridge once we left. I have a feeling that I will be seeing another bill soon for the missing items we did not consume.Other than the two issues we experienced regarding billing, the resort was top notch. Some people complain about the perfume smell that Palazzo has, which is the same smell the Venetian has. I got used to it, although I could do without. I would definitely stay here again if the price was right. Good location, impressive rooms, good food nearby, all for a relatively cheap price.	
Nov 19 2009 	loved the hotel	Our room was so nice and spacious, and the pools are so great, nice that they are connected to the Venetian. I would reccomend this hotel, we have stayed at 3 others and this is our favorite now. I love the rooms at the hotel at mandalay bay too, but location is better here!!	
Nov 19 2009 	Great room and location if you like to walk	I accompanied my husband on a convention at attached Venitian resort so kind of forced to stay here.Room was very spacious and clean, which made it worth the wait because our room wasn't ready when we checked in. Waiting for a room was really disappointing after a long day of travel and toting heavy belongings. Large bathroom, very comfortable. Loved the three flat-screen tv's. Refrigerator was actually a pre-stocked wet bar with no room for our stuff, luckily didn't take too many perisables but were glad to have taken lots of canned munchies as at times felt captive of the large environment.No coffee pot, which forced me to leave my room in the morning down the long hall and elevators to get expensive coffee. Huge inconvenience. What I actually did during the trade show was make the extra walk to the trade show to get our free coffee there. The Hotel restaurants were in my opinion expensive for what you get and of course it's recommended to dine off the strip so check out off strip and &quot;downtown&quot; dining.There are fast food restaurants on the strip south of the hotel with Denny's being the closest and had great breakfasts. Walk a little further south and a few more food courts will pop up with Mac's, Subway, Del Taco, Chinees, etc. etc. In my opinion this is not a place for young children or the elderly. Way too much walking. I watched as one family took about an hour to get grandma in the huge pool.By the way I think they had three or four pools there. One they didn't open although they should have as there was no place to sit at the other pools.I think there were five hot tubs in my sight from the room view.They made great drinks at the pool, probably the best that we had on the strip. And boy, were there drinks on the strip!All in all, loved the room, view but disliked inconveniences caused by the size of the property.	
Nov 17 2009 	Birthday/Wedding weekend	Beautiful Rooms! Spacious, classy, elegant, great pool, Jersey Boys!!!!!	
Nov 17 2009 	Very nice hotel need to work on a few minor details.....	We go to Las Vegas every year and this was the first time I stayed at the Palazzo. I stayed at the Venetian last year and found it to be much nicer. The Palazzo is very nice, marble tile, goose down comforter, 3 HD tv's, plush bathrobes, etc. The only complaint I have is for the housekeeping staff. Our room was very dusty upon arrival and was never dusted during our 3 night stay. Bed was okay, a little firm for my taste. Our sheets were changed because we placed the card on our bed every day. We did get clean towels every day but they forgot to leave us clean glasses and give us more toiletries for the bathrroom. I don't have any major complaints though. We had an awesome view even though we weren't facing the strip. I think the concierge level upgrade is a bit too pricey for what you get. I didn't have any of these issues last year when we stayed at the Venetian and overall I think it is a nicer hotel. I will definitely stay at the Venetian again but probably not the Palazzo.	
Nov 16 2009 	Beautiful with a few minor glitches	This was our 1st fime staying at the Palazzo, having stayed at the Venezia Tower of the Venetian 3 times. The Palazzo is a beautiful hotel, with well appointed rooms (3 flat screen tv's including one in the bathroom!) and fantastic access to the convention centre where my husband was attending a trade show. The rooms are beautiful, we had a lovely view of the Wynn Golf Course (wasn't tempted by the offer of a strip view upgrade for a cost) and enjoyed the space including the very comfortable king bed, the very roomy sectional couch in the sitting area (except who thought that velvet would be a smart choice of fabric - yuck) and the great bathroom.  A couple of minor issues that should be worked on. This is a 5 star hotel yet we experienced 3 star level housekeeping. In the week we were there, we found the following: rooms were made up very late in the day (about 4pm); housekeeping missed a dirty wine glass left on the dresser in full view; and on another day an empty kleenex box which was also left in full view on the sink. The worst was one day I left our room at about 10:30 am to find the hallyway strewn with bags of dirty linen, room service trays including one in front of our room and we hadnt even had room service. Came back at around 4pm and all the mess was still there. We went down to concierge to complain. While they did respond and the mess was cleaned up, this is something I have never seen in a hotel of this level. We also found that the front desk staff were not particularly friendly. Yes one can be formal but when someone is checking into a hotel, no need to be arrogant. Would we stay here again? Absolutely, these were minor glitches but hope that management reviews some of these comments to perhaps improve their service.	
Nov 13 2009 	Plush!	I stayed at the Palazzo for 3 nights last week because of its location and because it is one of the newer hotels on the Strip. I loved this place! It has the class and elegance of the Venetian (where I stayed on my first trip to Vegas back in 2004), and a great selection of restaurants on the premesis. My room was GORGEOUS and the bed was extremely comfortable. My view on thte 19th floor was of the east side of Vegas, which is the mountains, but I still loved it. The staff was wonderful from start to finish. I plan to stay here again in 6 months.	
Nov 10 2009 	Very Very Nice	My stay at the Palazzo was very, very good. Great service, really nice room. It is probably the only place to stay in Vegas...... I would go back!	
Nov 7 2009 	Depends on what you need	Awesome hotel, however we had significant problems upon checking in. Arrived at 3pm and was told they &quot;had our reservation, but not the room&quot;. Flash back to the Seinfeld episode. Waited an hour, finally got the room, then wrong luggage arrived. After that, no problems. Loved the room, the hotel, etc. Expensive in room refreshments, but where is that not the case.I will not be back, only because there are so many other options in Las Vegas.	
Nov 4 2009 	Awsome hotel but rude staff and ridiculous pool hours	What a great hotel! One of the best in Vegas I'd say and even all rooms are actually suites so even the smaller (affordable) ones are stunning. Had a great view over the strip (for which we had to pay extra of course, nothin is for free in Vegas) and were amazed by the huge bed, extra living room and the sparkling bathroom, all perfectly clean and modern but yet nicely designed to have some remotely Italian looks matching the theme of the hotel complex. One of the reasons we stayed at the hotel was the amazing looking pool area which I am sure would be great if you could actually use it. The pool hours are actually super short with the pools closing off-season as soon as the sun goes down- as if there was a reason that only Vegas hotels can't be open once the sun goes down. First day of our stay we arrived at the pool in the morning only to find some unskilled youngish employee guard the closed door and telling us about &quot;all the stuff blowing over the pool&quot;. No aplogy whatsoever and quite non-helpful in his behaviour he was. I'd probably not be the customer service stunner either if I had to guard a closed door all day but that's certainly his and not my problem. An hour or so later- the weather looking perfectly fine from our room with just a light breeze going- I called the concierge desk to ask about the pool opening and was told in a highly unprofessional and rude manner that &quot;if the pool is closed, it's closed and we don't opne it up later, that's how we do it&quot;- no aplology whatsoever. We later complained personally with the concierge desk and also upon checkout the day later- no single employee bothered to even give us a sensible explanation or at least apologize. In the afternoon that first day, it was actually a hot day with aboslutely no wind anymore whatsoever but the hotel still didn't bother to open up the pools. I actually have a suspicion why that is: Once the pools don't open in the morning, there is no way for the hotel to sell their ridiculously overpriced private cabanas anymore which is obviously the only reason to have those pools in the first place. What a shame in such an otherwise stunning property- not happy!	
Nov 4 2009 	Do not go here if you need room service bell staff maid service or packages	It takes a lot for me to write one of these reviews. Either positive or negative, but I feel travelers should be warned off after looking at some of the reviews for the Palazzo. Perhaps it is fine if you just want to go to Vegas, gamble a little and have some cocktails. I was attending a convention and trying to work while I was at the hotel recently for 6 days. The suite I upgraded to was spacious and lovely. I was happy to check in and was excited to find a printer/fax/scanner. None of that worked of course for the first day until I had the parade of 2 bellman and an engineer. Lack of fax sent me down to discover the evil package center. This is a place that you can go to send an $11 two page fax, and recover your Fed Ex packages starting at a fee of $4 and up. That's right, you pay them to get your packages that should be given to you. This struck me as illegal and I intend to inform Fed Ex about it. Definitely not right. Getting a business continental breakfast delivered for 4 took an hour and a half so the next day I asked for just coffee. For 2 hours I asked for coffee. I finally put my boyfriend on the phone who I think frightened them so badly that the server ran up to the room dropped the pot and left too fast to get a tip. I wanted to work out, but when I called the front desk they thought it would cost $30-40. They were not sure. When I went over to the Canyon Ranch workout Center they explained to me that if I purchased a daily resort fee I would get wi fi and workout included for $15 a day. News the front desk did not seem to have. In the scheme of things this sounded like a deal. But then I had to go get the wi fi charges removed from the bill. Which is harder than it sounds. Especially over the phone. For some reason they REALLY want you to come to the front desk personally for everything. Maid service is catch as catch can as well. Calling housekeeping did not seem to get it done. Finding people in the hallway proved more fruitful. But my favorite scenario came with the language around the laundry service. When I phoned one morning I was asked if I wanted same day or express. As it was 9:10 AM I answered same day. Then they explained to me that I would be getting my clothes the next day in the afternoon. I replied that isn't same day. They told me that is what we call it. If I wanted my clothes later that day I need to get express and pay $15 extra fee since I called after 9 AM. After several days of this it became incredibly exhausting and I was grateful to leave. The sole bright spot in the service was the concierge staff who appear to know their jobs and were extremely professional. I am writing a letter to the hotel to complain (I have not done this in years) about just how bad the service really is. Do not go here if you need room service, bell staff, maid service or packages.	
Nov 4 2009 	Palazzo Review	My husband was there on business and I went for leisure. Very, very nice hotel. The room was beautiful and we had a great view of the strip. The casino was a little more low key than others on the strip. I would highly recommend this hotel. Very nice!	
Nov 2 2009 	Luxury Vegas!	The Palazzo is stunning. We had the smallest suite they do as part of our honeymoon trip and only paid $129 per night. The suite was still huge and very comfy with views over Treasure Island and the pool areas (also very nice). Security is excellent, there was loads of parking, check-in was very quick and easy and the casino was the last smoky we've been in. Also an excellent location away from the least salubrious parts of the Strip but close to all the action. Everything was as described and shown on the website so not sure what people find to moan about. Would stay here again in an instant!	
Nov 1 2009 	Exceeded all of our expectations!!!	The Palazzo offered 1st class service, accommodations and amenities for our entire stay. After doing a ton of research we decided to stay at the Palazzo for a long weekend. It was the right choice. Here are my highlights:1. Huge spotless rooms... separate tub, shower and toilet. Electric window shade and curtains were a nice touch. 3 flat screen TV's in each room (bed, sitting area, bathroom) . Very comfortable sitting area with large L shaped couch.2. Cleanliness of the resort and rooms. My wife and I are very particular about the cleanliness of the rooms and we were both very happy here. As an added bonus the cleaning staff were very pleasant were happy to help with any request.3. The resort is huge since its connected to the Venetian. If you stayed for a weekend you wouldn't have to ever leave. I believe there are more restaurants here than any other resort in vegas...so many choices!!! 4. Palazzo casino...only casino in Vegas with high ceilings. Best atmosphere to gamble. Didn't smell any cigarette smoke.5. If you win at the tables you must go to the Canyon Ranch spa.... We could have spent a whole day relaxing there.The Palazzo had everything we wanted in one location. The shopping of Ceasars, rooms and restaurants of Bellagio, Wynn and Encore.	
Nov 1 2009 	I'll be back	Have stayed at most of the hotels on the strip and this is one of the best. Valet and check-in quick and very friendly. Was in room 42711 with a few of the wynn golf course. Room was excellant and bigger than I expected. The room was not luxurios as wynn or even Bellagio, think linens here, and the bed was fine but not as comfortable as MGM, Mirage, Wynn or even TI. Overall I think the room was great but not amazing.Great Dealers in the Casino but the Drink service was not good. If you are a true gambler probably not the place for you but the fun for middle class 30somethings.We ate at Grand lux (great, highly recomend) and Dos Caminos( also great) Only negative was the horrific service at the salute lounge.Look for a deal and go to Palazzo.	
Oct 29 2009 	Bring your walking shoes	Weather in Las Vegas was fabulous in October. Beautiful hotel, but really too huge for my taste. 5 minute walk from our room to the elevator! and a long walk to get anywhere inside or outside. The Venetian Canal area was fabulous. The resort was spotless in all public areas. Rooms were clean, baths were huge. 3 TV's not necessary. I'd trade 1 in for a coffeemaker. Excellent reasonably priced breakfast at Grand Lux Cafe. Pool areas pretty but mobbed. Service was excellent; trouble with key cards fixed immediately. Big bucks for food, but room service excellent.	
Oct 28 2009 	Best Suites on the Strip	This was my first stay at the Palazzo, and found it very similar to the Venetian. Lovely, grand luxurious rooms with plenty of style. Absolutely LOVED the separate living room area where you could stretch out and rejuvenate between all the activities Vegas has to offer.Wonderful treat having motorized roman sheer shades and curtains. I enjoyed waking up every morning and reaching for the remote control and opening the curtains with a touch of a button!There is a small sundries/gift shop near the elevators but it is extremely overpriced. If you can, take the short walk to the Walgreens located on property, at the Strip entrance. They have a Coffee Beanery (I think that's what it is) instead of a Starbucks ... nice but the lines were always long.The only complaint I have is that with this large suite, there is no way to close off the bedroom from the living space ... so if there is more than one person staying, you can't really retreat to the bedroom, if one wants to stay up later watching TV, etc.If looking for a suite for two, I'd probably stay else where (like THEhotel) but if traveling solo would definitely consider this again.	
Oct 27 2009 	Exceeded expectations.	The hotel is gorgeous, the rooms are very spacious, well appointed and beautifully decorated. The pools were beautiful and I think it's location on the strip is excellent. The shops at the Palazzo and at the adjoining Venetian are very, very good but perphaps not up to the caliber of the Forum shops at Caesar's Palace. The fitness center which is actually the Canyon Ranch facility (which does require a small upcharge) is the best hotel fitness center I've ever been to.The restaurants were also excellent. We didn't go to the nightclub, Lavo, but that's definitely on the todo list for next time. Would definitely recommend it. By the way this hotel has a very romantisc vibe and definitely put us in the right mood.	
Oct 27 2009 	Disappointing	I was looking forward to staying at the Palazzo with friends to attend the AARP convention. There were 3 of us - we thought with the Palazzo suites, we would be fine. However, the hide-a-bed was so thin and uncomfortable that I ended up putting a sheet on the couch and just sleeping on the cushions! The wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling (strange for a new hotel) - though it was nice that the toilet was in a separate room from the sinks, shower and tub. The cleaning service left much to be desired - the bathroom sink area was never cleaned and the furniture in the room remained dusty for 3 days. Also, the acoustics were not great - noisy neighbors had to be reported 3 times to security - could hear the music and conversations clearly and easily. The location, service, shopping, restaurants, etc were terrific but the room was a major disappointment - maybe the Venetian is nicer.	
Oct 27 2009 	Wonderful Classy Hotel But....	For the amount we paid to stay at the hotel I was expecting a little more. For instance we got the Bella Suite which included 2 queen beds, these queen beds were short, my feet were at the edge of the bed and I am only 5'4! The room was very roomy and comfortable, maidservice came in late to clean the rooms, around 1 or 2 but they did a excellent job.The room service was very pricey but we expected that, we ordered steaks and it was really tough and not edible,...maybe because it was 3am??? Either way we asked for a refund. Do not go to Dal Toro Ristorante, if you do, do not order the lasagna, which has a hard boiled egg included in the sauce.The service was horrible and so was the food. Everything else about my stay was great, Dos Caminos had the best mexican food I ever had, and I am from Texas so I know my mexican food! Customer service, vallet, everyone was friendly. But I think next time I will try the Belagio,since everywhere I wanted to go was in that area anyway.	
Oct 26 2009 	Enjoyable stay	We stayed here for 3 nights. The suites are very spacious, clean and quiet. House keeping were extremely helpful but being an extremely large hotel, took some time to arrive. Concierge was fantastic at recommending restaurants.As would be expected there was gambling everywhere and the hotel was busy. The pool area was too busy and not particularly relaxing but ok enough to spend afternoon there. There were some good restaurants in the hotel but mostly we ate in other hotels.Next time I am in Vegas I will stay at another hotel just for the experience but would recommend staying here to friends.	
Oct 26 2009 	Nightmare at the Palazzo	To be brief...First 15 minutes in room, broken dresser drawer fell on my foot, foot swollen and bruised entire 4-day stay. They wanted to give me $100 dining credit which turned into $200 after much complaining. They wouldn't refund my room because I prepaid through Priceline. The management didn't send anything to the room for my inconvenience of having damaged limb due to their negligence, did absolutely nothing to say they were sorry. What happened to customer service. It sure doesn't exist at the Palazzo Hotel. Will never return or recommend this hotel to anyone. Would receive better treatment at a Super 8!	
Oct 26 2009 	Nice Rooms Good Location	I stayed at the Palazzo for 3 nights with my husband for a quick getaway. The Palazzo had a great deal on expedia, so we were excited as we weren't paying much more than if we had been staying at one of the older hotels like Imperial or Circus Circus. The hotel room (the standard, whatever it's called), is absolutely beautiful. Much larger than I expected with a sunken living room, king bed (not 2 queens, which was nice), and a very large, well-appointed bathroom with a separate bathtub and shower. The tub was filthy though, but when I called down to the front desk they offered to have someone come up and clean it right away, but I instead had them do it the next morning while we were out, and they did. The hotel itself otherwise (including the rest of the room) was very clean, I didn't see room service trays in the hallways sitting out forever like some of the other reviewers did. If it was there when I left, it was always gone when I got back. All of the staff were very friendly, although we had very little interaction with them, except for the concierge desk who booked some of our dinner reservations, at no charge and with very friendly service. With our room, we received $50 of play credit and a few free drinks, which was a nice, unexpected bonus. The location was great. We saw Jersey Boys one night right at the hotel (fabulous show, definitely recommended). Overall a good stay. I wouldn't ever stay there again though, not because it wasn't great, because it was, but rather because there are so many great places on the strip to stay, and we like to try something different every time. But I definitely recommend the Palazzo. Only downside, is that in this huge massive resort (part of/inside of the Venetian), there is no indoor pool, and all of the outdoor pools were shut down for part of our stay due to the wind. I don't expect them to control the wheather of course, but can they not put in a few indoor pools as well?	
Oct 25 2009 	Great Stay Great Trip	My wife and I spent 4 nights at the Palazzo in October and were very pleased with our stay. Yes, we noticed the smell the very first time we entered the lobby, but after a few minutes we had completely forgotten it/gotten used to it and it never really bothered us again. We arrived a couple hours early, but we were able to check-in early and just waited a few minutes in line. The staff was very courteous in every department we encountered. When we came back in one afternoon, our room had not been made up, but that was quickly corrected with a phone call and very friendly folks in the housekeeping department.  The casino was very adequate for us as were all of the amenities, entertainment, etc. between the Palazzo and Venetian properties, and the pool spaces were great with plenty of room as long as you're willing to search for it. Ate at Dos Caminos (Palazzo) and Bouchon (Venetian) for dinner and both were outstanding on every level. The only food drawbacks were the several breakfast options between the two properties that were all very over-priced with product not that fantastic - better off just heading to a fast-food or Starbucks for breakfast, although we didn't try any of the 'sit-down' restaurants for breakfast.  Overall, after walking through just about all of the hotels on the strip, after each one we ended up saying 'our hotel is better,' so so that will definitely warrant us returning to the Palazzo if we make it back to Vegas.	
Oct 23 2009 	Nice Place only minor flaws	My wife and I just got back from a four night stay at the Palazzo and we were very happy. We had a standard Luxury Suite on the 22nd floor overlooking the Wynn, which in my opinion is better than paying the extra $45/night for a strip view. I will agree with some other reviewers about the air vent in the room running constantly and being a little loud, but I would still say the room was very nice. A lot of people have seemed to complain about the smell in the hotel/casino, however neither of us thought it was at all offensive, and we don't have broken noses. I realize there are people out there with super sensitive noses and other people with noses that don't smell anything, and I would say I have an average sense of smell. I will admit there is less smoking in the casino than some of the other casinos, but it is still there, and being from a state that doesn't allow smoking in public places it is a little annoying. We went to the pool one morning, but there is only one section that seems to get any sun at that time of day because of the building shadow. My wife had a pedicure at the spa for $80 (sale from $95), which was a little bit more than some of the other hotels, but she said it was better than ones she had at other hotels in Vegas. We ate at Grand Luxe which was good, we at at CUT which was amazing, and we ate at the deli in the food court at the Venetian which was suprisingly good. All in all my wife and I had a wonderful stay and would definietely consider staying here again, and would recommend it to our friends.I also highly recommend checking out Valley of Fire State Park if you are looking for a break from the hussle and bussle of the strip.Also while we were there they were offering free wifi in the rooms which they normally charge for.	
Oct 22 2009 	The smell in Palazzo horrible! Stay away!!!	They have a fragrance in this casino and the Venetician that is so strong and offensive people were leaving....our eyes were watering and all of us had allergy like symptons....it seems like everyone on the strip knows about it and I am not sure what they are thinking because people will not gamble here.....The smell is everywhere and horrible. I think they are trying to cover cigerette smoke but, we all would rather smell smoke or stinky feet before this scent. Don't stay there unless you have Michael Jackson's nose...lol	
Oct 22 2009 	Nice Hotel Beware of TAO Beach Pool	Our experience at the Palazzo Hotel was generally great. Standard suite with view was gorgeous and plenty of fine dining options between the Palazzo and Venetian. Tao beach pool is loctaed on their premises, however, independently owned. On Friday thru Sundays, the TAO Beach manager instructs staff to place &quot;reserved signs&quot; on all chairs at the pool (even the standard chairs that have no charge Mon- Thur). We were flat out told by the attendent that the standard chairs are reserved for &quot;friends&quot; of the manager and told our only option was to get a reserved bed with a $400.00 food/beverage minimum for the day. There was no specific list of names of people for these standard &quot;reserved&quot; chairs. Ths is simply a BS tactic to force guests to pay a premium for beds/cabana's when standard chairs are available. The hotel management sympathized, however claimed they have no control since TAO beach is not owned by them. Well they certainly lease the property to them and their guest's experience is impacted by this rip off practice. Will defineitely consider alternate resort next time due to this.	
Oct 22 2009 	Very nice place to stay and play	Recently spent 4 days at the Palazzo. We had stayed at the Venetian and enjoyed it very much. The Palazzo rooms are identical in layout, just newer and nicer. We had a standard room on the 32nd floor overlooking the golf course and mountains and the view was terrific. Not worth paying extra for the Strip view, in my opinion. The bed is extremely comfortable and the room is lovely. Marbled bathroom. 3 flat screen TV's. The only drawback is the noisy air vent over the closet which blows constantly and loudly, annoying at night. Staff is very friendly and courteous. We had a car, and self parking was next to the rear casino elevator which was right next to the room elevators...very convenient. The casino is very elegant and spacious. No smoking areas are great. Table minimums are high, but video poker is cheap and fun. 20 restaurants in the Palazzo and adjoining Venetian...had great meals at Dos Caminos and Grand Luxe. I would definitely recommend...but fixing that noisy vent would help make the room much better.	
Oct 21 2009 	Love Vegas!	The perfect hotel/casino experience! A must-stay! Great hotel and terrific tables in the casino area. You can also join TAO's beach party at The Venetian!	
Oct 21 2009 	Very nice - new!	Great hotel! While other upscale hotels on the Strip are getting weathered and worn... it's refreshing to stay in a gorgeous hotel with new furniture, bedding, etc. Great staff and oversized rooms. Got upgraded to an extra large room on a high floor with great views. Love this hotel.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great Hotel but still quite pricey and a good walk from the strip	We visited the Palazzo for 2 nights in a Fortuna Suite with a 'view' of the strip. When I say 'view', we could see the hideous pink building that is Treasure Island and the garishly golden Trump building. That's it really. Hardly an amazing view - not really the hotel's fault though.The suite we chose was a higher grade than the standard suite we took in the Venetian last year, largely due to the complaints seen here on TA about the dilapidated rooms found by guests lately. Our suite was missing two crucial things however - the In-suite Dining menu and the Guest Services directory. Pretty big oversight in my opinion. The suite other than that was lovely. Great TVs and lovely bed. However in our suite there was this fresh air vent which cannot be turned off which is really quite loud. When you're on the 49th floor of a hotel, you don't expect to open the windows, but this thing made me want to suffer the consequences had we the option. Really annoying. I asked housekeeping and they told me it was normal. If it is then I'd warn people to check the noise level before accepting the suite as it kept me awake all night.In-suite Dining at the Palazzo is very expensive. Last year we ordered from the ISD menu at the Venetian. I assume the kitchen is the same - as the ISD menus appear to be identical from what I saw online. The quality of the food has gone down in my opinion however. I ordered a dinner service and breakfast service and while the meals were adequate and plentiful, I did think they didn't quite warrant the high prices. Over $60 for breakfast for 2 people is entirely insane - but this is Vegas.Otherwise the hotel is nice. I do prefer the Palazzo casino to others on the strip. The high ceilings lend a great sense of space to the crowded valleys of betting people. We dined in the restaurant CUT one evening and would recommend everyone does - absolutely fabulous.Other than that we didn't move much toward the pool deck which looked nice from the suite window or anywhere else. The link to the Venetian's 'Shoppes' is nice to walk through, but it seems the quality of shops is lacking - especially when you see that Wynn has Cartier etc and Bellagio has Fendi etc. Not that anyone could afford the contents anyway!My gripe was the cost of the internet - at $9.99 after paying over $600 for 2 nights' stay mid-week, it's a bit rich. Really should be free in this kind of place. Wouldn't be the fastest I've ever used either but it's ok. I like the printer/fax/scanner in the room though - a true gem. But beware that not enough power outlets are available at the desk and some devices will be sacrificed for your needs.Overall it was a pleasant experience. The spacious suite was nice and the meal at CUT certainly repaired any ill feelings toward ISD but it is an expensive ordeal all round. Best advice is to maybe stay in the Venetian for the lesser price and steer clear of the ISD at all costs - even if you're desperate! It's just not worth the money until they sort out the food quality. Shame really.	
Oct 21 2009 	Palazz-oh!	My twenty-something daughters and I stayed at the Palazzo for three nights in a Concierge Level suite. The spacious accommodations were a big plus for a party of three and everyone we encountered at the concierge level was unfailingly helpful. The room was a bit worn (chipped furniture, dripping faucet, dusty) but we were also glad to learn about the recycling program and energy saving features of the room. One of the reasons we chose the Palazzo was the extra fold-out bed which turned out to be extremely uncomfortable. A better choice is to just sleep wrapped in an extra comforter or two on the couch. Another minus was room service with an hour wait and several items (salad dressing) that were forgotten and entailed another 15 minutes wait. You also need to request turn down service. It is not automatic as at the Wynn or other upscale hotels.The Concierge Level is a great deal. Free Internet, yummy snacks at breakfast and early evening were included as well as wine and mixed drinks and we always felt well taken care of. For non-smokers the casino is well-ventilated and our lucky first time 21 year-old-gambler came out a head of the game at the Palazzo's slots.	
Oct 20 2009 	Exceptional Hotel	Booked 4 nites here and were pleased from the very beginning. Short line at check-in (5:00 PM), assigned room 30-723, the lowest class suite in the building. We had the &quot;poor&quot; view - looking east over the Wynn Golf Course toward the mountains. Absolutely stunning vistas, day and night.Hotel was great - wonderful restaurants especially since it's a shared property with Venetian. Ate at Grand Lux cafe (always share your dinners, mammoth portions), Postrio at the Venetian, a Wolfgang Puck restaurant - excellent, Zeffirino at the Venetian, also excellent.Room was great - twin double beds, large sitting area, 3 flat screen TVs, huge bathtub, high end amenities and toiletries, etc.	
Oct 20 2009 	Excellence in Las Vegas	We were so happy with our choice of the Palazoo. Having stayed at over 10 different hotels this is one of the best. Our room was amazing and huge, I think bigger than the suites at the Venetian. Everything is new and nice. The only bummer about the room was the pumped in fresh air. It kept us up at night, once we figured out how to cover it with a magazine and a garbage can it was better.There are so many restaurants, we loved LAVO for dinner and the night club was fun too! It is very small, (they called it intimate). If is free for hotel guests and no waiting in line. Morrels was ok, we had breakfast it was so-so. The bad was Solaro by the pool the service was awful, we walked out. We recommend ordering it to go at the bar. They were overwhelmed by the warm weather and being the only restaurant open between the Venetian and Palazoo. You have access to both pools and apparently the Venetian poolside Cafe was closed.The pools are nice but getting a chair is impossible unless you go down at 10am and save a chair but there is not any sun until about 1pm.Casino was great, loved the video poker at the bar, free drinks while you play, top shelf too. The piano bar was great fun we did that two nights in a row.The fitness center is a long walk towards the Venetian, it was part of our room stay, Very nice with a lot of weights and machines, but no locker room. Just a few lockers on the cardio floor. We would definately return and stay again at the Palazoo.	
Oct 19 2009 	Awesome place to stay	This hotel was amazing. I would go back in a heartbeat. The service was great... everyone was very kind to us. The rooms are great... nice and spacious with multiple flat screen TVs and a huge bathroom. The housekeepers do a nice job. The casino doesn't smell like smoke, which was really nice. The room service got to be fairly spendy after all the taxes and fees were tacked onto the food prices, but the food was good. Overall, we had an amazing time at the Palazzo and hope to go back someday.	
Oct 17 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	My husband and I usually stay at Paris when we travel to Vegas. This time I got a great rate for the Palazzo and decided to try it. Wow, I am glad we did, it is now our new favorite hotel on the strip. I was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews prior to our trip. But decided to not let that worry us. We had a fantastic suite, clean, everything in working order, a nice view, great service. Overall couldn't find anything to complain about and have decided we love this hotel.	
Oct 17 2009 	Thanks Mr Recession Man - you did us a favour!	Got a great deal $480 for 4 nights in September. Expected to be in a trashed room overlooking the service yard - but what a surprise.Took the Palazzo Shuttle Bus from the Airport which was hastle free. Expected to have to queue for ages for checkin as it was a Saturday afternoon, but had 1 couple ahead of us in the queue. Friendly receptionist chatted and asked if it was our first trip to Las Vegas (it was), told us she had a nice room for us on the 12th floor overlooking Treasure Island and the Strip. I didn't put much pass on what she passed over to me, an envelope and our key cards ...... more to comeRan the gauntlet of the Casino to the lifts, up to the 12th floor and WOW! Although I had seen photo's of the room, nothing could prepare me for the real deal. Many reports indicate the rooms have become &quot;tired&quot; - guess we were lucky - ours was spotlessly clean with no signs of wear and tear apart from a button missing from the sofa. The views of the strip with the backdrop of the mountains was impressive.The bathroom: Lets just say - if I ever get the opportunity to plan my dream bath/wash room - this was it. The nicest bathroom I have ever been in. Loved the mood lighting and the separate toilet, but couldn't just get where the TV was situated on the wall - a case of all sound and no picture. Would have neck injury if you were relaxing in the bath watching tv. I could have happily lived in the bathroom for the duration of my visit. Good selection of toiletries and little extras, plus a good selection of fluffy towels (the biggest bath towels ever), robes etc etcTwo double beds in the sleeping area, wonderfully comfortable with luxurious linen and pillows, the decor was fantastic. We had fun trying out our electric curtains and our three tv's.The relaxing area in the room too was very comfortable with surprisingly comfy sofas (they didn't look so initially). Although we didn't avail of room service, the dining table would be welcommed for those who would, the writing/work area with WIFI was great and the dvd player/radio etc were all home away from home if you didn't want to venture out. Had ringside seats for the Firework display at TI, opened the drapes and the two of us sat, wine in hand to enjoy. All of a sudden (after about 20 minutes) - Plop and that was it!! Recession must be hitting pyrotechnic technicians in Las Vegas! How we laughed at sitting (me in my lovely huge bath towel) when there was so much more we could have been doing in Las Vegas!Aircon: was quiet and did it's job. No problems.OK - The Envelope: A (I presume) standard letter welcoming us to the hotel coupled with a $45 slot credit, voucher for 20% discount in restaurants and 2-for-1 cocktail vouchers. Looked like our initial payment of $480 would become a real bargain.Concierge: We sought guidance from one of the Concierge regarding visiting the Grand Canyon, she spent ages with us and offered several suggestions. Nothing was a problem and she was one of the friendliest, helpful concierge we have encountered. She was so good we tipped her twice, the second time she was reluctant to take it. Her suggestion of the Pink Jeep Tour was spot on, jeep ride out, helicopter to the canyon floor and boat up the Colorado. I didn't particularly fancy a heli ride from Las Vegas. Would highly recommend this tour to anyone.Security: Security Officers at elevators seemed to take notice of comings and goings. We were chatting passing through one of the evenings and forgot to flash our keycards, and he stopped us. Good thing. Although there appeared to be a lot of bodies around for conferences, there was never a delay waiting on an elevatorRestaurants: Of course we availed of our 20% Discounts - ate at Dos Caminos (fab), Woo (fab too), Cafe Lux (good too for homecooked fare but far far too much food), Table 10 (possibly the 2nd worst meal we ate on our 3 destination trip - awful food, service, atmosphere) tried to get table in Carnevino a couple of times but were lucked out and we wanted the flexibility of not having to book and thats why we settled on Table 10.Casino: I am not a gambler - well I wasnt until I went to Las Vegas but stuck gold on a Lucky Leprechaun machine, which I only played because I'm Irish ;-) Won enough on my 3rd spin to play over the 4 nights, won some/lost some and had my money doubled on checking out. All joking aside, the Casino was never full (far from it) and drinks were hard to come by.We had better service on the Sunday afternoon in the MGM playing the cent slots!! In saying that, one of the evenings when it was extremely quiet, my husband tipped the waitress $10 as he had nothing smaller and she practically sat on our coat tails all evening ensuring we were ok for drinks. Don't drink much so she didn't get much custom (or tips) from us. Hubbie played a card table one of the nights and the guy sitting beside him got up and walked out, saying he wasn't prepared to play and not be offered a drink after sitting in on a game for 45 minutes. Looks like the recession is hitting the cocktail waitresses too. Someone told us that they have only 4 on to cover the casino in the evenings.Pool Area: Looked beautiful and wasn't too busy whilst we were there. However my lovely pale Irish complexion didn't lend itself to the searing heat and sitting outside. Running the gauntlet from Hotel to Hotel (or Shop to Shop) was just about all I could manage!The Scent: I have read previously about the scent in the hotel. Didn't find it a problem, but once we crossed the threshold into the Venetian I almost gagged and had to leave. What a strong, artificial smell - what are they trying to cover up? As a result, I spent little or no time exploring around the Venetian. The Fashion Show Mall: Can be accessed by taking escalators over the strip via the Encore/Wynn. Wasn't that impressed with the shopping (spent a couple of hours one of the days). Everything in Las Vegas seems to be 2 extremes - either high end or trashy trash.Checkout: Checked out via the TV and had no hastle or hidden charges and leaving the hotel around 8.30am for a 11.35am flight. Reluctant to leave, but so glad we did when we did. Stood in queue at the hotel taxi pickup for over 35 minutes for taxi. Couldn't understand how it was so disorganised and people around us were getting irrate as they were running late for meetings/flights etc. In the end, we offered a ride to a gentleman behind us in the queue to the airport as the bellboy was sending taxi's off to the airport with one passenger per car. Another few in the queue started to do the same too and share cabs. We visited most of the other hotels on the strip over the few days we were there. If I were to return, I wouldn't mind trying out the Wynne/Encore. However for what we paid, and for what we got - I don't think we could beat the Palazzo and I would be more than happy to return.All in all - for what we paid - it was perfect!	
Oct 17 2009 	Favorite Hotel on the Strip	Hmmm, what can I say about this place...spacious rooms tastefully decorated with separate living and bedroom area. Extremely comfortable, tv's galore, excellent spa within the hotel, acess to fabulous restaurants. You could stay here for a few days and not have to leave the building.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great Rooms Crowded Pools	We spent a 3 day weekend for my neice's wedding. Check-in was quick with no problems. Our bags were taken in the lobby upon arrival and made it to the room shortly thereafter.The room was fabulous. Beautiful living area separate from the sleeping area, nice view, comfortable bed. Everything was clean and well maintained. The lobby area was very nice as well, except that there was virtually no seating int he lobby. That however seemed to be the case in many Las Vegas hotels.. One complaint was the pool area. There is too little space for the number of guests in the hotel. By early afternoon, there were no available lounge chairs even with staff removing unused towels from unoccupied chairs. Also, the pools was in shade until around 1:00 PM, maybe OK in Auigust, but not good in Octeober.Also annoying is the fact that there is an extra charge to use the fitness center. I never encountered that before and thought that it was an unnecessary charge.Overall, it is a very nice hotel, good location and good restaurants on site.	
Oct 14 2009 	GREAT HOTEL IN THE HEART OF IT ALL	We were in town celebrating 3 birthdays and decided on the Palazzo as our stomping ground. We had 15 20-something girls in our group, and were looking to book 3 rooms with 5 girls each. As recommended by other reviews, we decided to call the hotel reservation hotline directly to get the best deal. Not only did they guarantee us strip-view rooms, but we were also assured that we did not have to pay the additional $30/per person per night for more than 2 people in the room. We got a great rate of $257 a night, and split between 5 people, it came to $145 per person for the whole weekend. We also took our contact's name and number for reference when we were looking to make show and dinner reservations.Once we arrived, we were promptly greeted by a promoter for TAO and LAVO. Since the nightlife was a big draw for our Vegas weekend, we were able to get on the list for Friday-Saturday-Sunday at all 3 hotspots (TAO, TAO Beach, and LAVO). I highly recommend doing this if you are a group of girls. Each night, we did not have to wait in line, did not have to pay cover, and got free drinks out of it. We were also able to get a room upgrade to the &quot;Concierge Level&quot; with the slip of $40 upon check-in.Overall, the hotel was fantastic. We did some walking around to other hotels, but the Palazzo by far is the nicest and I will not be staying anywhere else when I return to Vegas. Some recommendations are Table 10 (Emeril's restaurant), Dos Caminos (great guacamole and margaritas), and Grand Lux Cafe (fantastic breakfast buffett for $15). Also make sure to ask if there are any coupons upon checking in...we got $25 off our check at Dos Caminos and a $25 casino credit.	
Oct 14 2009 	amazing!	this hotel is right on the strip and infront of Treasure Island. You can see the shows on the strip from the window. well, depends on your assignment. The hotel is walking distance from the fountain show, the pirate show, volcano/ fire show and ceasar palace. this resort is side by side with venetian. rooms are big enough. crisp linens and sheets. the only problem is there are no locks in the Bathroom and toilet. I am travelling with my aunt and her family thus, we need to warn everyone not to go in while somebody is inside. elevator is fast. no smelly rooms. A lot of pools to dip inGo at the outlet depot for shopping.	
Oct 13 2009 	Phenominal Lux Hotel	Wonderful stay, 49th floor view was incredible, great dining experience, helpful friendly staff! Great Stay!	
Oct 12 2009 	A little pricey but VERY nice!	Recently came back from a 3 day weekend in Vegas with a group of girlfriend. My self and one friend stayed at the Palazzo in a suit which is all they have. It was there standard suit which is very very nice. Not sure why you would want to or need to upgrade to a bigger suit because like I said this was really very nice. The bathroom is big and bright and can easily be shared with another while getting ready. The beds are very comfy. All the staff members in the hotel were extremely polite and wanted to make sure your stay in every way was enjoyable. We had room service breakfast delivered one morning and although a bit pricey for breakfast $43.00 not including tip it was good and again the delivery was right on time and the bellman was nice, polite and very accommodating! The only gambling I did at the Palazzo was in the sports bar and the employees there were also great. They helped me make a couple of bets that I was not 100% sure of and they made me feel great.Overall I would recommend this hotel if you were looking for a high-end place to stay in Vegas. None of the staff were stuffy or arrogant and made you feel welcome and good. I may not stay again just because of price alone, (I think you can find a decent room elsewhere for a bit cheaper) but if they were to send me a slight discount for rooms in the future I would consider staying again.	
Oct 12 2009 	Best hotels ever	We got our rooms comped, so the price was right, but definitely our favorite place to stay on the strip. Gorgeous rooms, great customer service, highly recommend! We travelled with 3 kids and is very roomy and no problem having kids along. The pool is very nice also.	
Oct 11 2009 	The near perfect hotel	Stayed at The Palazzo for 6 nights at the end of September 09. We spent one night at The Venetian, but then upgraded to The Palazzo after speaking with staff and was very happy with the upgrade. Had a room on the 39th floor with a view looking over the strip and Vegas, best view we have ever had. We had a suite which was excellent, plenty of room, and had all update facilities. The difference between The Palazzo and The Venetian is we feel it is more private in Palazzo, the Venetian is often busy with other guests, but Palazzo is that little bit peaceful. Also attached to Palazzo is a bar called Lagasse stadium, which is outside on the front and is a fantastic way to relax. The bar is aimed at sport lovers ( me included ), but the seats are amazing where you can relax, and has happy hour 3 - 7 pm. The only negative comment to this near perfect hotel is on one day we had moderate wind conditions between 20 - 25 mph, and the pool and the deck was closed all day. I did speak with the manager who was understanding and unfortunately we live in a world where everything has to have cotton wool round it, and this is the only part I could say was negative.Overall we have stayed in a number of hotels on the strip and this is the BEST so far.	
Oct 11 2009 	Viva Palazzo	We flew into Las Vegas by Virgin Atlantic arriving late afternoon local time. Our transport from airport to hotel took 30minutes. The ride down the strip and up to the hotel was impressive - and with a soundtrack of 1970s hits pumping out of the speakers - a great start to the six night trip. We were greeted by a uniformed doorman and directed to check-in - it only took a few minutes - all the paperwork had been carefully prepared. We recevied a suite on the 38th floor, non-smoking and with a view over the strip - The Venetian .The Mirage , Trump Towers and Treasure Island all surrounded by the mountains - sunsets were amazing. There are plenty of elevators servicing the floor - they all rise at the speed of Saturn 5 rocket.Our suite, 38800 was fantastic - two queen sized very comfortable beds , It was all spotlessly clean and very quite. We never heard any noise , once I had blocked out the sound of the air conditing from my head , not something one normally has to deal with in north east Scotland. there were three televisions in the suite - On the wall across from the bed was a big (42” )flat-screen TV a smaller TV in the bathroom - onl;y complaint it was difficult to watch when fully reclined in the bath surrounded by bubblebath - the third in the lower level of the suite opposite a couple of double leather couches had a DVD player connected. A CD player/clock radio was by the bed. More drawers and closet space than in our entire house. Under the TV was a mini bar, which we did not touch - you can look but you better not touch - unless you want it added to the bill - there is a safe, which we did use .There were four remotes - one for each TV plus a remote for the blinds and very thick ( Neon Proof)curtains. The view was fantastic , ever changing ..... The bathroom was comfortable, a tranparently enclosed shower with a seperate big bath, two sinks and a dressing table with hairdriers and enough mirrors to cover every angle - soaps , shampoos and lotions aplenty. The towels were thick , large and many - robes for two ($65 each to buy) were also hanging in the bathroom - no slippers though . The loo was seperate and did the job, wife impressed with the wallpaper unusual in hotel rooms!.We liked the Palazzo’s casino although our gambling was for fun and at the lower price range - the highlight was my wife winning a total of $75 on the penny slots over the six days. We did not eat breakfast formally - tea and pastries from the Casino Floor Coffee Bean Shop hit the spot most days - apart from one 'formal ' dinner at First resturant - which I thought was overpriced and rather overspiced and a great disappointment - we visited a wide variety of eateries across the city - I do not eat many burgers during a normal year but if you fancy one try the Burger Bar at the Flamingo - a Traditional American with Cheese and a Bud hits that urge.I checked-out via the TV after booking for a late departure - simple task - you can pick up a copy of your bill at the checkout desk - it takes three minutes. Be aware that there is an additional cost/tax of $17 per day which is added to your account _ late check out was $50 plus tax. ( 1400 rather than 1100)We really had a fine time at The Palazzo. It is an experience - if you visit Vegas and you want a little extra comfort where you can relax for a few hours every day and recharge for the next day go the Palazzo.	
Oct 9 2009 	Concierge Suites well worth it IF you drink are rich or want to feel spoiled!	We stayed in a Concierge Fortuna Suite. It would have been $100 less if not for the concierge treatment. So what do you get for your $100? A nice continental brekfast with a couple of hot items; then cookies, soft drinks, fruit and candy jars in the afternoon, and, finally, nice hot/cold snacks/desserts + open bar in the evening. You can just get one meal a day and snack here the rest of the time and you'll be fine. Unless you're really a light eater or on a budget and then you could probably subsist on what they give you - although it would be heavy on fats and sugars. On top of the food, you get access to the lounge which is on the 23rd floor, private check in and the Royal treatment. The people that work the concierge level are awesome. They are obviously well trained in ammners and psychology, they are friendly, but not familiar and completely non-judgemental even if you're dressed like a slob. A lot customers there just seemd like regular folks indulging themselves for a specail treat, which this place certainly is. The drinks were awesome with premiun liquor. We ordered Mojitos, Mai Tais, Long Island iced teas, etc. If you weren't a drinker would the extra $100 be worth it. Probably not. But if there are two of you and you each have a few drinks (or more) then you can easily justify the added expense. On top of that, it was just plain nice to be treated so well and to avoid the long check in lines, etc. Oh yeah, and the room was great, too! We paid a little over three bills on a Sunday night and it included some nice promo stuff including a slot credit on which we almost won back the room! 8 pools to choose from but none of them are more than 4 feet deep, so if you're really into swimming you might think about that. Other than that, it's a beautiful place. At the price we paid we felt this was a good value. If you pay less, you will probably think it's a great value. More and you might not. Hope this helps and have a great time!	
Oct 9 2009 	Felt like a High Roller	Found a great code for a special at the Palazzo. $129 a night with $30 in gambling credit. The location of the hotel is wonderful. Will be better when they finish the construction on the road. Was a bit clumsy to get into the front door, but still worth it. The who casino is gorgeous! Ask for an upgrade but did not get one. When we saw the room, it didn't matter. 2 flat screen tvs in the room. Separate seating area from the bedroom. The bathroom was gorgeous. Shower, tub separate makeup table, tv, and high end bathroom products. The bed was super comfy. A little let down was the fact that the desk drawer was broken in the desk and it looked like a picture was missing off the wall. Still an amazing suite! Overlooked the Wynn fountain and golf course. I could tell by the &quot;do not disturb&quot; door hanger we were not the only ones on the floor, but we never heard a peep at all. The pool was amazing!! Fresh cucumbers and oranges were passed around. They had a number of pools to choose from throughout the property. If you find a deal for this hotel, get it. It is a luxurious stay for even the cheapest price. And we won with free spins on the credit. won over $50.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Place perfect location	This casino/hotel is HUGE. Since it is connected to the Venetian there are more than enough restaurants, bars and clubs to visit, and it is very nicely done. Would recommend especially for groups since the rooms are big. You can probably sleep about 7 people comfortably if u just need somewhere to crash.....	
Oct 9 2009 	The perfect spot to experience Las Vegas	We recently enjoyed staying at the Palazzo while on a trip with two other couples--just for a fun getaway. All but one had experienced Las Vegas before. None of us had stayed at the Palazzo. It is a great location on the strip, easily walkable to other fabulous hotels and to plenty of shopping. We were easily upgraded to a room that far surpassed our expection--much bigger than we really needed. The other two couples didn't get the same upgrade--for no apparent reason. But they were happy with their spacious suites so no one complained. The restaurants we ate at were Carnevino--fabulous but expensive, the Luxe Cafe--very good, the wolfgang puck poolside restaurant--okay, and the Lagasse sports bar--great. We also enjoyed our drinks in the Lavo bar. The pool was very crowded on Saturday and was hard to find lounges together. Getting a drink or food at the pool is not easy--one of our only complaints. Overall great service and a very enjoyable experience	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice new luxury hotel	We recently stayed at the Palazzo hotel for a family vacation/business trip for my husband. The service by the hotel staff was great; very nice with attention to detail. Room service was good-buy one entree get one free special,and great food. Grand Lux Cafe restaurant in hotel had very good service and good food also. Venetian shopping/restaurants connected via bridge-no need to go through Casino. Room itself was very luxurious, but needed some minor repairs (buttons coming off sofa, curtains coming unscrewed from wall). Otherwise, would stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Spacious 	My husband &amp; I have been to Vegas half a dozen times - each time staying in a different hotel on the strip! The Palazzo tops them all! The room was spacious, beautifully apppointed, and very comfortable. Plenty of room &amp; privacy in the bathroom. Step-down living room gives a feeling of separation from the sleeping area. Great view of the Strip! Service was excellent. We stayed for 3 days &amp; experienced no problems. While my husband likes to gamble (I don't), I have no problem finding ways to amuse myself while he's in the casino. On this trip I spent much of my time in the Canyon Ranch Spa (got free passes to the spa when I booked the room). The Spa alone is reason to stay at the Palazzo. It was the ultimate!!! I took a few classes (pilates, step jam, fit strip,...), relaxed in the steam room, experienced a Tropical Rain multi-sensory cooling shower, took a marvelous Finnish sauna, enjoyed the HydroSpa &amp; got reinvigorated in the Igloo. On the premise is also very calming conservatory, soothing wave room &amp; tranquil salt grotto, which I took full advantage of. It was like being in another world! Throughout my stay at the Palazzo I felt as if I were sitting in the lap of luxury.	
Oct 8 2009 	Always classy	The Palazzo Hotel is always nice and classy and romantic. The smell of the hotel is amazing, service is great, just an over all nice place to hang out. My friend and I wanted to have prime rib for dinner one night, the concierge provided us with recommendations, we were not dissapointed. I love the Palazzo and look forward to staying there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	aesthetically great otherwise mediocre	This is the most beautiful hotel i have stayed at. The standard rooms are just awesome, and the lobby/casino are amazing. This is true 5 star stuff, and for a reasonable price. If you just want a great room in a beautiful hotel, this is your place.The problem is, that's where it ends. The service is poor, maybe 2-3 star level. Front desk calls were not answered, we were placed on hold for 5 minutes +. Staff does not address clients in the halls. At a ritz or fairmont, clients are addressed by every employee, frequently by name, and are usually asked if they need anything. Here you are on your own. Also, this joint nickels and dimes you to death; everything costs additional. After paying an additional fee to use the gym, we learned of yet another fee to use the steam room/hot tub area. Ridiculous. Otheriwse, just a beautiful, clean gem.	
Oct 8 2009 	AWESOME place. Good value great pool!	Last month, we got married in Vegas and stayed at the Palazzo. GREAT hotel and great room. Our room had a strip view and we were facing the TI pirate show (horrible cheesy show). But our room was great. Big and super comfy bed, and the suite was big too. Our friends who were staying at another hotel loved how much bigger our room was. By far the best part of the hotel is the pool. They had attendants walking around handing out orange slices and cold towels that were PERFECT for the hot weather. The towels were wet in some kind of mint/herby type stuff so it was like being in a spa. The casino was actually pretty good too. Didn't stink so much of smoke. oh, and CUT was the best steakhouse I've been to so far. We'll be back here for sure!	
Oct 8 2009 	Palazzo is good!	We spent two nights at Palazzo and it was really nice. The check in and check out process takes a little longer than I expected. The location is great and there are many many restaurants to choose from. One of the nice thing about Palazzo is that there is a Walgreen very close to it so we can get water without being overcharged. I would stay at Palazzo again. It is low key and very nice.	
Oct 8 2009 	I just love the Palazzo	I stayed at the Palazzo in Las Vegas for 3 nights Sept 13-16 and I can't say enough about how much I love this hotel. Check in was quick and the staff was considerate. I love how they ask your name and bring you up to the next available person and announce you to them. I wanted to check in early as I had a conference beginning at noon and that was no problem to them. I had booked a Luxury View and boy was it. I was on the 38th floor overlooking Treasure Island. That night I watched the 11pm Siren show from my beautiful full length window. My package included a 25.00 casino credit and I even came out a little ahead. I do wish for the &quot;old days&quot; of winning actual coins, and there are just too many penny machines. Rooms are beautiful and the upscale ammenites made me feel very special. Can't think of one thing to complain about at the Palazzo. Oh, and I really like the connector walk way over to the Wynn and Encore.	
Oct 8 2009 	The Palazzo has Class!	This hotel in Las Vegas is exceptional. The rooms are large and the decor appealing; and, the beds very very comfy. There are three flat screen TV's including one in the bathroom (which has a nice large bathtub). Their onsite restaurants are nice -- the main restaurnt (TheGrandLux Cafe) serves LARGE portions you can easily split and still be full - and the price is reasonable. You can also have room service. The casino is medium size, and doesn't contain that irritating ching ching noise you hear in most casinos. This one is spacious with larger walkways. It has a nice set-up. If you like to gamble, they have a good rewards program that will get you free rooms and more. The crowd here is not the drunken partiers....(although there's plenty of free alcohol for the gamblers). It's elegant and fun!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great	We were originally booked at the Venetian but were upgraded to the Palazzo when we checked in. The room and the view from the room were amazing. My father also came to Vegas at the same time and stayed in the Venezia tower. I much prefer the Palazzo, The service was outstanding and the staff was great. I did like the pools at the Venetian better , but if you stay in any of the three towers you have access to all hotels. We went to see the Phantom while there and it added a lot if glam to it, but left out some key parts. My husband actually enjoyed it so I was happy. I have seen it 3 other times.Get turn down service. There is no extra charge and it is worth it to come back to a nice open bed with Chocolates when you get have been out all night.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice Hotel located in the middle of everything.	This was a beautiful hotel with excellent service. The location also puts you right in the middle of everything so that you can walk or take a short cab ride to almost everything. It is physically conencted to the Venetian so you can take advantage of the shops and restaurants and casinos for both hotels. We visited Tao and Lavo which were great. There were excellent shows at the hotel including the Blue Man Group and Phantom. The only drawback was the smoky casino that you had to walk through to get from the hotel room to the meeting rooms.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very comfortable but lacking personality!	Two couples staying for five nights in late September from UK.First things first, there are loads of plusses about this hotel. It's rooms are superbly comfortable and spacious, it's location is excellent for the heart of the Vegas experience and it has very pleasant - if not class leading - pool and casino areas.The common parts of the hotel are vast and beautifully done in a sumptious if cavernous sort of way. There is an issue for me that when you think about it you're really staying in an opullent shopping mall with vast high ceilings. A waterfall is a waterfall until it's really just a backdrop for an escalator area! Having said that, this is Vegas and that's the predominant hotel architecture but there are subtler and more intimate options, namely next door at the Wynn and Encore. In fact, the shops here are less 'mall like' than those at the neighbouring Venetian with a perfectly pleasant range of very high end boutiques on the floor above casino level. A smattering of coffee stops with snacks were most welcome but I'd suggest the short walk through the casino to the 'illy' franchise by the aforementioned escalator fountain for an excellent range of coffees and breakfast snacks rather than the tiny store by the guest escalators that everyone seemed drawn to. The illy also had a great selection of ice creams, pancakes and sandwiches at all times of the day. The casino is tiny by Vegas standards but has everything you'd want really. Typically higher limits in the evenings on table games starting at $15 minimum.The rooms are exceptional. Very comfortable beds and large sofa area with panaoramic windows and remote control drapes. Bathrooms are also good but why would you have a TV in a location where you can't see it from the bath, unless you take the tap/faucet end!?A word on the upgrade thing. I didn't feel overly comfortable with the advance tip ('trick') being British but also as we were two couples checking into two rooms so do you go $40 and if nothing comes of it that's a big 'thank you' note, or stick with $20 and be considered cheap.Either way, I just asked nicely for a high floor strip view having e mailed some days prior and they were perfectly happy to find us something - even though the reply to the e mail had been to say 'yes of course, that'll be $30 per night per room extra though'. I handed over a $20 as a thank you but would have gone much larger if an upgraded suite had been found for us!Location of the hotel is great. Right across from the Fashion Show Mall for everyday shoppers and essential for a good liquor supply in ABC stores. Note that a gift shop by the lifts in the hotel has a small amount of stock, 'salty snax' and a few bottles of booze but a bottle of JD at the ABC was a good $8 cheaper. Next door is the Wynn which I regret not spending more time in. We just strolled through one morning but I'd had grand plans to drink and dine there which never came off. The Palazzo lobbies are attached to the Venetian shops and its kitsch canal and just over the road is the TI, then down to the Mirage and Ceasars etc etc.My only real reservation about the hotel are the restaurant and drinking options. I won't know if it's just me as so many others say good things about them but I just don't really get the whole thing about eating in a restaurant - a not cheap one I might add - which is really just a section in the corner of the casino or mall. Take the Grand Lux for example. The 'outside' area is just separated from the slots by a crash barrier type set up. The Helix wine bar is a collection of seats in the apex of the walkways between shops. It had the feel of a shopping mall Starbucks at best yet is heralded as a mecca for wine buffs. Sushisamba is undeniably a casual open area at the top of an escalator. None of these manages to take you anywhere other than.... the corner of a mall or casino. First Food and Bar, which we liked on our first night despite the jet lag, was better as it was properly enclosed along a walkway area on the way to the Venetian.So, sadly, my abiding memory of the Palazzo is more about the disapointment of its failure to light up our evenings despite us spending good money in supposedly well regarded restaurants. Similar comments to be honest about Strip Steak at the Mandalay Bay (beautiful but so expensive steak) although the Eifel Tower restaurant at the Paris did succeed in feeling like a dining destination rather than a stop off on an airport concourse. I think that's the point I'm making. These places feel like high end burger joints in a multiplex rather than destinations. When I pay $50 for a steak I'd like to feel that I've arrived somewhere worthwhile rather than just grabbing a bite on the way through.Back to the hotel. The pool area was very good and far nicer than the Venetian's. A number of classical style pools, two quite large, plus smaller pools and large spa areas. One reservation though. Whilst prices for drinks were exhorbitant everywhere there's something specially galling about being charged top dollar ($14 of them in fact) for a medium sized plastic cup full of weak lemony liquid masquerading as a Jack and sour! Do what we did. By hook or by crook get the contents of your $24 bottle of Jack (ABC Stores) pool side with a few cans of mixer and save yourself approximately $300 in the process. I don't mind paying high end prices for high end drinks. That's Vegas. Overall, great accomodation, good staff, a few 'wow's at the architecture, great location but not somewhere I've fallen in love with or will be telling others to rush to.	
Oct 8 2009	Nice but did not live up to my expectations...	Had a good stay at the Palazzo mid- Sept. I guess I was expecting to be wowed and I came away feeling a little disappointed. Let me start from the beginning.Drove up and security asked if we were staying at the hotel, as soon as I said yes, they welcomed and directed me - nice touch and thought my service is going to be awesome. Line at check-in on a Sunday - why? But it went pretty quickly and the person that checked me in was nice. He even upgraded me to a strip view free of charge because it was my birthday.Went up to the room (was traveling with my mother-in-law) - view was spectacular - view of all the pools, the strip, and the mountains - WOW! Room was large but looked a bit tired. I was surprised at how many upholstered pieces were in the room as opposed to leather - just seemed a bit germy. Room just did not seem to be a 5 star room - maybe 2 years ago when it was new.Service on the whole was pretty good but not spectacular. I think I am getting spoiled by all the boutique hotels I have been staying at lately. This big hotel just could not compete. We had a little episode in the casino with a very rude cashier. And there just does not seem to be many cocktail waitresses anymore - must be the cutbacks.Ate in a couple nice restaurants on property - Dos Caminos and the Wolfgang Puck cafe style restaurant near the canal.All in all a nice trip - I was just looking for a bit more luxury - I think if the room had seemed more &quot;refreshing&quot; and the service a bit more attentive, I would have been more satisfied. My next trip I will stay someplace else. If I am going to pay 5 star prices, I expect a 5 star experience - and this was much more like a 4 star.On the whole not bad - but not great.	
Oct 7 2009 	Majestic :-)	My husband and 12th months baby spend 3 nights at the Palazzo. We loved it from the moment we entered. We were upgraded to a Sienna Suite. This suite was huge and had one enormous bathroom adjascent to the large bedroom, and one half bath by the corridor. There was a very nice dining and living room area.Our baby was given a real clean crib with bumpers protection all around as well as a travel kit with baby cleaning supplies from &quot;Baby Johnson&quot;.ON THE PLUS SIDE-Very nice pool area and restaurants terrace-Clean-Nice staff, good housekeeping-Bathroom like a palace-Room is appointed with: Good bedding, 3 flat screen TV (even one in the bathroom!)bathrobes, Complimentary Bulgary bathroom products miniatures-Adjacent to a Wallgreen-Large casino, no wait for anything-Direct path to the Venetian shopping gallery and recreation center-Amazing choice of restaurants-Peaceful and quiet corridor means goodnight sleep!ON THE NEGATIVE:-Internet is not free-No coffee maker-The suite did not have a mini kitchenette (it would have been nice to be able to microwave the baby food) even though there is a dining area there is nothing to really do with it.-the mini fridge is full of mini bar things that you cannot remove (they are telling you in advance so you don't make a mistake) because it charges when remove. So we were unable to put baby food, fruits or juice in it.-Strong smell of &quot;pot pourri/flower candle&quot; in the A/C thoughout the lobby and the shopping gallery that leads to the venetian shops (it reminded me of the Eden Roc Hotel Lobby in Miami Beach or that restaurant in the middle of Lincoln road that have candles smelling mosquito reppellant) well it does reppel people...the smell is too strong and gives a headick after a while and you need to go away.-25 minutes minimum to get your luggages in your room if you use the valet, so if you arrive late and with a baby, carry yourself it's easier.We will definetly comeback	
Oct 7 2009 	Weekend Getaway	An awesome room. Make sure to get concierge suite to add sweet to the deal. Prime location for the hotel. Everything is close by and the resturants are awesome. Night clubs are always busy.	
Oct 7 2009 	Wonderful hotel	Spend 3 days @ the Palazzo in late September. It was an excellant experience from check-in to check-out. The room was clean and the staff were friendly. Had one small issue with the room that was addressed immediately. Great location with shows and shopping all within walking distance.	
Oct 6 2009 	Love it!	We had a four-night stay at the Palazzo on the Concierge level. After reading so many negative reports here I had some doubts, but we found the Palazzo to be clean, the staff to be friendly and helpful (got us an extra blanket pronto; service at the restaurants always timely). The concierge staff helped us get a cabana at the Venetian and tickets to a show at the MGM Grand. We love the location and the whole experience, and we will be back!	
Oct 6 2009 	Almost there...	Lovely room, attentive service (check in, check out, valet, concierge, maintenance) and great view (ti, Mirage and pools), but a few things made this not quite right. For us, these were:- no free wifi in rooms: can go down to level 2 for free access which is OK, but when you're paying that much per night, why not allow it in the rooms for convenience?- smoke smell: expected (although unfortunate) in the casino areas, but strong smell in the corridor of our non-smoking floor - thankfully not in our room.On the upside, the rooms are massive, security presence was good (must flash card to get to lifts) and there is no shortage of restaurants, shops and shows. Our one call to maintenance was dealt with quickly and cheerfully.If it were cheaper could probably rate this as excellent, but given the price I'll have to say good. Hard also, as nothing to really compare with - exploring other hotels during the day doesn't show you what their rooms are like!	
Oct 6 2009 	beautiful rooms and beautiful	If you want shopping with extravagant and style visit the Palazzo! but gambling no, I never had the chance to win. Rooms are nice and the bed is so comfortable. Our room was just over looking the Wynn and Encore Hotel they looks beautiful maybe when we return to vegas we will try to stay there.	
Oct 4 2009 	Beautiful hotel	We had a 4-night stay in The Palazzo during our 3-week tour of the mid-west and west-coast. Pre-booked on Expedia earlier in the year and got a fantastic deal on a junior suite (it's an all-suite hotel and this is the standard suite).The room was fabulous - wonderful bathroom, great view across the strip, no less than 3 flat-screen TV's in the room including one in the bathroom! There is a safe in the room but no fridge (costs an additional $25 per day for a fridge - or you can use the ice machine and fill up one of the sinks to cool your beer/fizz!) although there is an electronic mini-bar.Parking is in the basement and this is free if you're driving your own rental car. There is also valet parking and this is of course chargeable. An escalator from the car park brings you straight in to the casino / lobby area of the hotel.There are a large number of shops and restaurants in the hotel and also in the adjacent and attached Venetian hotel. Cost of restaurants is high as you'd expect. Shops are all high-end, no high street labels here! There are two outlet malls in LV - both nearby but you will need a car / taxi.It's worth joining the Club Grazie programme when you check in, or do it in advance online - you'll get $15 to play with on the slot machines/tables - it's a reward type programme that allows you to get additional benefits, the more you use it, the more benefits you'll get!Room service: we used it on one night (after a v. long drive to the Grand Canyon and back!) - food is okay, but the charge for delivery is high and 2 days later when we checked out, the plates had still not been removed despite our request. This was the only negative in relation to our stay.	
Oct 4 2009 	Fantastic	This is our second time at the Palazzo and agian it was fantastic. Its worth paying that little bit extra to get a room overlooking the strip. Despite the rooms being beautiful we felt that compared to last year they were getting a bit tatty. Drawers broken, handles fallen off. Despte reporting these (as didn't want them to think it was us) they did not repair them during our stay.	
Oct 4 2009 	The Palazzo spoiled us- we'll never stay anywhere else in Las Vegas	My boyfriend and I had originally booked four nights at the Venetian. At check in, the woman behind the desk offered us a suite at Palazzo, which she promised would have a view plus an extra 100 square feet, at an extra cost of $39 per night. I had gotten such a fabulous rate for the Venetian (literally half the average), we agreed to the upgrade.We did not regret it. In fact, I don't think we'll ever stay at another hotel in Vegas. Ever. Even if we have to pay the regular room rate. The Palazzo is opulent without being ostentatious (by Vegas standards!), and the rooms are sumptuous, comfy, and large. We were obssessed with our room and could not get over the view. We could see mountains in the distance, down the strip all the way to Ceasars (to Trump on the other side), and directly below us the Palazzo's gorgeous pools. The attention to good design and comfort in a Palazzo suite is beyond compare- from the enormous marble bath to the soft couch and ottoman in the sitting area. We never experienced the lack of attentive service which other reviewers have complained of, and found that the Venetian/ Palazzo staff were nothing but professional and accomodating. Our room was made up in a little over an hour (we were three hours early for check in), and our bags brought over from the Venetian and up to our room in about a half hour. The girl at the front desk of the Palazzo even called to apologize for making us wait for our bags. We felt that, in a hotel with 3,000 rooms, the wait times were quite reasonable, and courteous service forgives whatever minimal inconvenience they may have caused.We enjoyed the casino. It was, as I believe another reviewer descibed it, a bit &quot;more mature&quot; than others on the strip, but great after an evening out on the town when we just wanted to be close to our room but weren't ready to be IN our room. We're a young couple, but we're more into long dinners (sit outside at Bouchon in the Venezia tower and order a great wine- guaranteed perfect evening) and cocktails than clubbing, so when Lavo nightclub let out on Friday, the crowd in the casino was a mess and kind of ruined our vibe. I'm sure that Lavo is the place to be in Vegas if you like clubbing, though. I didn't see a single unattractive person walk into or out of that place. The shopping at Palazzo is on scale with New York and Rodeo Drive. Bring your credit cards.We had planned to come back to Vegas in a year or so, but after this experience, we may have to make that next trip to the Palazzo a little sooner.	
Oct 3 2009 	Fantastic hotel	We went to vegas for two weeks in September and stayed for the second week in The Palazzo hotel. We have watched this hotel being built over the years that we have gone to vegas, so it was a treat to stay in it. This hotel is utter elegance and class. It has impressive reception areas that are second to none....well maybe apart from the Wynn! The check in was fast and the room was huge. It has a seperate living area that you go down a couple of steps to, so you can relax and watch one of the three tvs. The massive window has remote control blinds and curtains and the beautiful bathroom also has a dressing table and a tv to watch while in the tub.We did, however get the smell of cannibis coming through the air vents in our bathroom for a couple of days from a room either above or at the side of us...but we slept well for those two days!The pool areas are lovely, but be warned, the main pool does not get sun until 1.30pm. You can however, walk around to the venetian pools where you will get the sun earlier. It was a very busy time in vegas while we were there, the busiest we have ever seen it, which was surprising, it being well into september. very busy around the pool here at the weekends.To truly appreciate this hotel, you need to go with a bottomless pit of money to spend, not being on a holiday budget like most normal people. This hotel is used for conferences and business meetings, some of which are conducted over breakfast while you are sat eating on the next table, which I didnt like much. I think business meetings should be somewhere private, not over your eggs and bacon.The Grand Lux restaurant here is fab, with a huge selection on the menu and huge portions to match!! There were a few times, when I could not move after trying to eat my dinner and still leaving a normal sized amount still on my plate!The security is good here and no-one gets anywhere near the lift areas to the rooms without showing their room key.Beautiful hotel, enjoyed every minute, but I dont much like this part of the strip, its too far out. Have a walk down to the Peppermill restaurant, near to the Riviera hotel,its worth a visit and has a nice local feel to it.	
Oct 1 2009 	Liked it a lot - booked another stay	I stayed at the Palazzo for a couple of days on a business trip. Got a great deal and the suite was excellent. Comfortable bed; three flat screen TVs; great bathroom. Check-in was quick. Check-out was looking slow with a long line forming and only three people behind the desk - and then five more turned up and the line disappeared. Nicely done. Had dinner at Charlie's restaurant. Pricey but really great food. In fact, I liked this hotel so much I've booked to go back next month with my wife and children. The only thing I didn't like was First Food and Bar. Went in mid-morning with a work colleague for a quick coffee and pastry. Cups were not properly washed. My colleague asked for a latte and the waiter turned up with a regular black coffee. We pointed out his mistake and he just stood there as though he expected her to drink it. After a while he got the message and took it away only to return in about 30 seconds with the same cup now looking slightly more frothy. Clearly just thrown some milk on top. Hopeless.	
Oct 1 2009 	I love it.	This is our 3rd stay at the Palazzo. The rooms are open plan suites. Sunken living room with large sectional and flat screen where we had about 12 people up to our room and sat comfortably without being on the beds! Another flat screen in front of the beds. The large marble bathroom has a seperate room for the toilet with is very convenient when getting ready with a makeup mirror and bench area. I really love that they have a fax/copier/printer in the room which is perfect for checking in and printing boarding passes. Love the semi-smoke free casino! Love the &quot;green&quot; attitude. We also really like the Mexican restaurant there and the Grand Lux for late night eats. Spa and pool are right off the elevator, no walking across the casino. Not too stuffy atmosphere.	
Sep 30 2009 	The honest truth	The service was great at Palazzo, from the front desk to the security that does their rounds on the floors. The only complaint i have was the unnecessary attitude at the cashier. I cash in my slot winnings at the redemption machine with multiple tickets; get more quarters than I wanted and I decided to exchange them for bills. The cashier asked where i got the quarters from and i said, the ticket redemption machine spit them out. She says &quot;that's not true, the slot machines don't give quarters&quot;. Someone didn't listen because i said ticket redemption machine. With 1000 cameras in the sky, there's no reason for me to lie about a few quarters. Her attitude really made me think &quot;i will never come back again&quot; but the hot young lady at the front desk balanced that out top off with the fact that we had our room changed right away after i complained about the odd smell in the bathroom each time we turned up the air conditioning. I like Palazzo but oddly, loved The Venetian, either way, if the quality of the rooms and the service remains the same or better, i will defintiely be returnig back with my winnings. The honest truth is, it's a one of the best hotels. (Not better than Oakwood Shinjuku...... but that's in Japan)	
Sep 29 2009 	Great facility non-existent service	I stayed over a weekend for a conference. This was the nicest room I've ever stayed in. I'm sorry I wasn't in Las Vegas longer so I could have enjoyed more time in the room. Check in was fast, and my room was available right away even though I arrived early. The elevators, with different banks serving different floors, were very fast. I don't think I ever waited over a minute for an elevator. However, I requested evening turndown service both nights of my stay, and never got it. I know it's not a big deal. And that in a hotel this large, it's possible to miss a detail now and then. But it is something I specifically requested, and I stayed away from the room at the specified time so I wouldn't be in the way. For the price I paid, and the caliber of the hotel, I expected better.	
Sep 29 2009 	The Palazzo and WestJet Vacations Package	One notable experience that I had during our stay at The Palazzo Resort Hotel Casino was the unfortunate plight of getting sick (food poisoning) because of the in-suite food that I ate (only a few spoonfuls of it, as the food in question was extremely salty). Right after dinner, I had bouts of diarrhea, stomach pains, and felt a bit warm that night. The following day, I requested that a paramedic come up to see me in our suite. A Security E.M.T., Ms. Jeanee Martins, came to see me at 3:00 p.m. She took my blood pressure, asked me a couple of questions about the food that I had, and then completed and signed a report for her.For your information, when my husband completed the &quot;check-out process&quot; on Saturday morning, he noticed that despite the fact that I got sick from the &quot;Beef Stir Fry&quot; in-suite item which we ordered from their &quot;In-Suite Menu&quot;, and which the Managers themselves were well aware of, we were still charged for said item!The other unfortunate incident that happened also with The Palazzo Resort Hotel Casino was the fact that the other part of our WestJet Vacations Package called, &quot;Added Value&quot;, was not presented to us upon check in. All they were interested in was finding out from us if we were willing to upgrade our stay for $100.00/day for all the five (5) days, i.e., $500.00, in total. As you may have already guessed, we rejected the offer. (Can you just imagine if we had accepted the offer, and then suffer from the &quot;ill-fated Beef Stir Fry&quot; to boot?!)The lesson, we think, that we've derived from this particular vacation, is two-fold:1) Stay away from &quot;packages&quot;, in this case it was a &quot;WestJet Package&quot;, and2) Don't be &quot;swayed&quot; by hotel ratings, that is, just because &quot;The Palazzo&quot; is a 5-star hotel, it doesn't mean that ALL of its suites are totally nice and in good order, &quot;tested safe and good food&quot;, (the irony of it is that this hotel is supposedly owned by Wolfgang Puck, a famous Chef?!), &quot;customer-friendly&quot; hotel. Believe me, the genuinely good ?-star hotels that we've experienced in the past have survived the &quot;test of time&quot;. Bellagio, Caesar's, The Mirage, Wynn, to name a few, would still rank as our most favorite hotels in Las Vegas. In particular, the &quot;customer relations/satisfaction&quot; that we received from the Bellagio Hotel in their &quot;food department&quot; is unforgettable, as it was truly a superb dining experience, throughout!All of my friends and relatives (and their friends and relatives) will be very pleased to stay out (never mind the In-Suite Menu) of The Palazzo in Vegas.P.S.I just talked to my girlfriend this morning who stayed with her husband at the Palazzo (about 3 weeks before we did), BUT booked her suite directly with the Palazzo Hotel, and was NOT part of this WestJet package. I found out that she and her husband were provided with SLIPPERS in their suite, plus, the furniture was in good order, UNLIKE in our suite, there were NO slippers; one handle was missing from one of the chest of drawers - and toward the middle of the week, another handle fell off when I tried to open one of the drawers; the lamp switch on my side of the bed will not turn off, therefore I just had to plug and unplug the cord in order to use it; the soap holder in the washroom was sitting &quot;lopsided&quot; on the sink because one of its &quot;legs&quot; was missing. Just think this supposedly &quot;lovely hotel throughout&quot;, is only TWO YEARS OLD!	
Sep 27 2009 	The best part of Vegas was the hotel and you never have to leave it!	We booked a room at the Venetian, and at check-in were surprised that we were placed in the Palazzo, which is the adjoining property. I specifically asked for a room with a view of the strip. Unfortunately, we did not face the strip, as apparently no room in the Palazzo does. We instead had a view of the mountains and the fashion mall, as well as the Pirate hotel (I think its name is Treasure Island) and the Wynn resort.We paid over $400 per night for 2 nights while at a convention. We stay in a lot of nice places, and I must say that this suite truly lived up to our expectations, even though we weren't facing the strip. The pit living area was very comfortable, which was great for me since I have NO IDEA how to gamble and don't care to learn. I was able to watch college football in a really opulent room! The linens were gorgeous, and the bathroom spacious and beautiful, complete with a sit-down vanity. We saw the musical Jersey Boys and it was fantastic. Even my skeptical husband loved it! Room service was timely and tasty. Of course it was expensive!The restaurant selection astounded us! Dos Caminos was incredibly tasty for lunch. We ate in the lounge area (no reservation) at Cut by Wolfgang Puck, and that was our favorite dining experience. We also tried Restaurant Charlie by Charlie Trotter. It wasn't our favorite cuisine, although the service was very good. At any fine restaurant you visit, expect a dining experience. They will not rush you. They expect you to dine for hours, therefore service may seem slower than normal.Ample shopping abounds. I am not really the type to buy the $2000 Dior bag, so I really didn't partake. There is a Lamborghini store, but you are going to pay $10 just to enter the car showroom.I probably will not return to Las Vegas unless I absolutely must. However if you love Vegas, the Palazzo was a great hotel.	
Sep 27 2009 	Hotel is sinking to lower level	Have stayed exclusively at the Palazzo for both conferences and pleasure for the past 4 years. When I started staying it was an outstanding hotel, the service was fantastic, the hotel was beautiful, the rooms outstanding etc.... I just spent a week at the hotel and I might as well have stayed off strip. The rooms we had were run down, paint chipped, vents filthy, I had to call each day to have my room serviced by housekeeping, wait staff at all but WOO's were abrupt and some rude. When I brought my dissatisfaction and frustration to the attention of the hotel manager all she would offer was to schedule a time for housekeeping to service my room and a food/drink voucher for $25, so, my loyalty to the hotel was worth scheduling a time for housekeeping to do their job and 2 cocktails. I will never stay at this hotel again and recommend if you are considering this hotel take a panorama suite at Planet Hollywood or a nice room at the Mirage.	
Sep 25 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	This trip was very relaxing. Conveniently located from the strip. The room was large and had a great view of the Wynn Hotel and golf course next door. The staff was great as well. The only problem we encountered was coming back to our room at 4am and had been locked out. We called the front desk to let us in and it took 25 minutes to get there to find out they could not use their key and had called maintenance to let us in. 20 minutes later the mainenance team came and let us know there was a problem with the door and they could not open it and that we can go into another room for the night, That frustrated us even more because all of our luggage and clothes were inside and we would be leaving the next morning. Another 25 minutes later we were finally let in after waiting over an hour. Other than that experience, we overall enjoyed the first half of our trip with this hotel!	
Sep 25 2009 	Wow!!	What a beautiful hotel. Our room/suite was huge, large flat screen tv's, gigantic bathroom. Comfy bed. No complaints about the hotel or the room.But, 2 coffee's and 2 danish came to $18.00 That was a bit of a shock.Felt very secure there as they had plenty of security.	
Sep 21 2009 	GOOD HOTEL Must try !	Appreciate the good smell at the lobby especially when you compare with otherhotels on the strip even Bellagio or Wynn. No bad smoke smell left on your clothes evenwalk thru Casio. Best shopping atmosphere comparing with others 5 stars hotels on the strip. Comfort room even standard room with approximate 700 sq. ft.No buffet but do have lots of restaurant and with food court at Venetian. Friendly checkin staff and security guy at hotel suites entrance are doing their jobs ( checked everybodyof getting into the elevators. ) The floor is quite.Minor things is : 1 ) Elevators lack of ventination. 2 ) a bit of dust are dancing on the alarmclock.	
Sep 21 2009 	Very good option.	Concierge level is very reccomendable, with breakfast, snackes and drinks, and valet parking included. Rooms are comfortable and quiet. Room service and minibar are expensive, but, you know... is Las Vegas. Overall, reccomendable.	
Sep 19 2009 	Excellent but let me tell you about the concierge level and pool area	Oh, this is one the of most beautiful and top notch hotels in Vegas, right next to and connected to the Wynn/Encore by bridge and part of the Venician. We took advantage of a mid-week summer 2009 internet deal we found and got a &quot;suite&quot; (their basic room) for $99; the lowest I have seen there. They included two-for-one tickets to see Phantom, a $25 slot credit, two-for-one Madame Tusaud's Wax Museum (much better that expected!)and $30 off dinner at WOO and some other stuff. When we got there we upgraded to the Concierge Level (more on that later) for $100 more per night and to a bigger 950 sq ft Fortuna Suite for $75 more per night. Heck, I just got out of the hospital, it was my birthday and we wanted to splurge. I don't want to dwell on the good stuff becuase I know you want to know about everything that went wrong, which was not much, The hotel was simply beautiful and well laid out. The valet parking and luggage handilng is free. We saw several tacky people wheeling their luggage through the casino. Just use the free services and don't make yourself look like a redneck. This is a 5-star hotel. Act like you belong there people!The room was incredible with an all marble bathroom that you could have hosted a ball in. Huge walk-in closet, remote controlled drapes and air conditioning, DVD player, three HD wide screen TVs (even one in the bath), three telephones (even one in the separate toilet room... who speakes on the phone while on the pot?). The room was extremely quiet. We could hear no outside noise when in the room. The service by the staff was impecable with everyone always saying hello to you. I particulatly like, because this is a 50-story hotel that overshadows all the others, they have a 4 different banks of elevators, each dedicated to a different scection of floors, so you don't have to stop at every floor to pickup and drop off people or wait long from one to come by. They are FAST too. I've never seen a bigger pool area at a hotel. There are 7 pools plus jacuzzis in semi-private little nooks, so we never had to fight for a place to lounge. Warning: There is very little shade which seems to be a big drawback in the 100-plus-degree desert sun. I think they want you to rent one of their many poolside cabanas if you want shade.The concierge level gets you a private checkin area, someone to ask questions to and make reservations for you at all times, access to a private pool area called AZURE Thur-Sunday, access to a DVD library, free soft drinks, water, lemonade and great fresh-baked chocolate-chip cookies all day, free continental breakfast with hot oatmeal and one hot item, a snacktime, an evening open bar and appetizers time and an evening dessert time all on the 23rd floor with a spectacular view. There are 4 rooms of livingroom type seating to enjoy here so there is plenty of room, just a lot of jockying for the window seats. So now for the bad stuff...I did not feel the concierge level was worth $100 extra per day. The hot item for breakfast was rotated every 4-days and always seemed like it had been sitting there a long time getting crusty. There were blintzes one day, mini quiches another. At night there were mostly cold appitizers and an always empty hot appitizer chafing dish, There were never enough and when they would put a tray out it was like a cattle call with peolple rushing to beat everyone else to get some. Then there were the rude people would not just take one or two knowing that there weren't enough to go around, but fill their plates. Don't forget the people who bring their 5 kids and pretend that this is free dinner. That's not what this is about people! Show some class. Some parents thought this was the unsupervised playground area for their kids too. However, a waiter would bring you any drink you wanted and as much as you want. That was nice. A complaint I had about the beautiful pool was the music. We arrived too early on a Sunday to get in our room right away so they suggested we go to the pool and wait. There was loud &quot;thump-thump&quot; music everywhere at the pool. They had speakers strategically placed in the landscaping every few feet and no designated quiet areas. Can you tell me why, in this age of personal music devices like iPods and headphones, why they need to play loud music? I asked several staff members where to go if you wanted a nice quiet area to read while sunning yourself and they said there was no way to get away from the music. I asked several questions like, &quot;who decided on what music to play?&quot; and &quot;who decides on the volume?&quot; and none of the pool staff could answer. I asked to speak to the manager about it and they said the pool manager &quot;Ms. Ivy&quot; was off until Tuesday. This was very frustrating and the only time I saw a lack of staff helpfullness. We also tried going to the private &quot;fee&quot; pool AZURE but found that although we had &quot;free access&quot; you were required to purchase at least $25 per person in food and drink if you wanted to sit down. Huh? The area seemed crowded with very young adults and the music was even louder in there (they had their own DJ) so we did not stay. The pool wait staff was very attentive, abundant and fast, however my wife ordered a small pina colada, which came in a plastic cup and charged $13, which I though was a little steep. The best deal was 6 Coronas in a bucket for $25.All-in-all we had a wonderful time and would recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 18 2009 	Bed Bugs at the Palazzo	I stayed at the Palazzo Resort for 4 nights starting last Sunday. I woke up the first morning to 25 bed bug bites all over my torso. I immediately called to the front desk and each of the 3 people I talked to, including the front desk manager, did not apologize for this occurrence. It was disgusting, I actually saw the bed bug crawling around on the white sheets. They asked me to vacate the room and said they would send an EMT up to check my bites, and a VIP team up to move my belongings. Half an hour later still no sign of them. I had to call 3 times to see if they were coming to my room. Later that afternoon I called the front desk to ask if they would spray my luggage so I wouldn't have traveling bed bugs, and after talking to a front desk manager, she put me on hold to never come back. So finally when I went to the front desk that evening to get my new room assignment I talked to the manager and she upgraded me to a larger suite, but she would not comp my room b/c she was upgrading me. I said I should at least be comped the first night there and she refused. I thought the way they handled it was not well done. I was there for business, not for pleasure, and I itched all the way through the rest of my trip. They were not compassionate and their compensation was not even close to being fair.	
Sep 18 2009 	Luxury! (Do beware of the scents if allergic though)	My husband and I enjoyed our 3 night stay at the Palazzo over the Labor day weekend. It is a very nice hotel! It is located a bit North of the center strip, but still an excellent location.Check in was a bit slow on Saturday, but that was to be expected. This is because the line was very long. The service was actually very efficient. We checked in around 1:00pm, and the room was not ready until a little before 3:00 (which is the advertised check-in time). The room was fabulous. We had the regular suite, with a view of the airport, part of the Wynn golf course, and part of the Palazzo pool. It is true that that pool is in the shade much of the day (but there are others here and at the Venetian that are better for sun). We loved the three TV's with a decent selection of channels (lots of sports channels if you're into watching or betting on games). The large sofa and comfy bed were awesome! We don't normally spend lots of time in our room, but this trip, we did. It was just so comfortable and inviting (plus, the room was a good 100 yards from the elevators--kind of makes you want to stay in!).The casino was not crowded and did not have too bad a smoke problem (very high ceilings). If you want lower table limits and better slot payouts, you may wish to gamble elsewhere. The Palazzo/Venetian complex has everything within. You wouldn't have to ever leave if you didn't want to. Be aware, though that it is an extremely large complex! You need comfortable walking shoes just to walk from P over to the shops and food court in V and back, and it will take you a long time to do this. There is a Walgreens right outside that is great to have nearby for snacks, soft drinks, and other small purchases. Everything else is priced as you would expect at a 5 star hotel in Las Vegas--overpriced.The only problem we had was that I was allergic to both the bath products and the scent they pump into the air in the casino and lobby. I was really bummed because I actually didn't mind the scent, and I loved the bath products. Even with this, I probably would go back someday.	
Sep 18 2009 	Palazzo Luxury Hotel???	I was there on Labor Day Weekend and had book a supposedly Luxury Hotel, Palazzo in Las Vegas Nevada. The Palazzo website pictures were beautiful. When I arrived, they gave me a room with a broken lock therefore I asked for a &quot; DO NOT DISTURB &quot; sign with the front desk, concierge desk, call down to the front desk ( 3 times in total for 1 request task). I never did received the &quot; DO NOT DISTURB &quot; sign.There were hair ball in the rest room, hair in the shower drainage, the bathroom lack toiletries. Check the refrigerator for any missing items, take a picture for proof, and contact the front desk. If not they will charge you for items that you did not use. When checking out, go to the front desk and look at your bill. Make sure that they did not charge you for water or any type of item from the refrigerator that you did not use. I was charge a water bottle in which I did not drink. I took a picture of the refrigerator when I first entered the room. Yep, they charge me $6.00 USD for a water bottle that was already missing prior to my arrival to the room.I am enclosing some pictures of the hair debris and their fraudulence charge of the missing water bottle when it was never present in the refrigerator in the first place.Traveler beware. Palazzo is not what it seemed.	
Sep 17 2009 	Quality all the way	Never stayed in a smart hotel before - The Palazzo was top draw - if you want to do Vegas with a bit of class - try here.Rooms are great - everything is very modern	
Sep 16 2009 	Wanted so much more....	I booked the Palazzo after a huge amount of research and with high hopes that what I read on some Tripadvisor reviews wouldn't happen to me. Here is my experience....Valet on check in...PerfectChecked in with 'Concierge&quot; on first floor for a Concierge Level SuiteConcierge failed to forward the request for luggage deliveryWaited well over an hour for luggage and had to call to request againOnce in room...realized that that we hadn't received the discount coupons included in stayReturned to the Concierge on the Concierge Level Floor and received couponsReturned to room and truly looked at the roomRealized that it was really unclean; crumbs/food on carpet and couches, Unknown 'something' on stairs between 'levels'...yuck!Returned to Concierge Level to communicate need to clean roomLeave room for a few hoursReturn to find carpet clean, but not couches and not the REALLY GROSS 'Something' STILL on the stairs Go back to the Concierge to complain more vocally, only to be told that a &quot;full service cleaning &quot; would be requested Isn't this something that should be done PRIOR to a guest's check in???I asked to speak to a manager or supervisor and was told that there was nobody on duty(which I find hard to believe at a little after 5pm in the Concierge Lounge of a Las Vegas hotel...) but I was asked if I wanted the manager to call me the following dayI said I definitely wanted the call..but received no call over a three night stayThe room was finally cleaned within acceptable standards (but not great)Turndown service only occurred once over a three night stayUpon checkout, I requested the direct email address of the manager and was given an illegible note which I had to ask for clarification of three times and eventually had to rewrite myself...When I sent the email to complain, it came back as 'undeliverable' which leads me to believe that I was given incorrect informationI then sent an email to the link connected to the third party 'survey' that the hotel sends out after checkout and got connected with a very helpful customer service rep who offerred a complimentary night in a Concierge Level Suite. This went a long way in restoring my faith in the Palazzo's customer service, BUT...when the certificate arrived in the mail, it was only for a regular room! (That is a difference of $100). I had to email again and point out the 'mistake' in order for it to be corrected. I did receive the correct certificate, but it surely shoudn't have taken so long .The only positive thing I can say about the stay at the Palazzo is that the bathroom was lovely! Customer service and cleanliness of the room was unacceptable for a hotel at that price range.I would never stay at the Palazzo again.	
Sep 16 2009 	Get a print out before you sign the terminal when you check in	I love this hotel and have been there 4 times this year. I hate the people at the check in counter. They told me that I could have an upgraded suite from from my special show rate of $129 for $200. I even asked him, &quot;$200 right?&quot; Yes, come to fine out it was $229 MORE a night. When you check in don't fall for this scam. I should have known as the guy was very swarmy. Take your attorney or better yet have them print out that little tiny print on their chincy little check in terminals that you cannot read. They also charged me for one more day even though I told them I was there for only 3 nights.	
Sep 16 2009 	amazing hotel	amazing hotel first class and head and shoulders above everything else in vegasthe only small flaw was the water pressure in the suitesthe bars amazing good players club slots loose good dealers amazing rooms fantastic poolgood shows good restaurants first class vallet	
Sep 15 2009 	New Favorite	We stayed at Palazzo in September.I find it to be close to perfection.In the past we stayed in several other hotels on the Strip, including Mirage and Venetian.Rooms are perfect,food choices are plentiful and staff is mostly great.I loved the casino much better then in Venetian or Mirage due to relative abscence of smoke odor due to high ceilings,great casino layout and much more mature crowd then in Venetian.I plan to make this hotel ny home base for future trips to Vegas.	
Sep 15 2009 	Palazzo was Outstanding	My wife and I stayed at the Palazzo for 4 days at the end of August and fully enjoyed our stay. My wife was bit apprehensive about seeing a number of reviews commenting on cleanliness of the rooms, but happy to say we had no issues whatsoever, in or outside the room.ROOM : Lots of room in the suite, enjoyed the seperate and sunken sitting area with plush and spacious sectional. Furniture, fixtures and accents were were wonderful. The king size bed was very comfy, bathroom spacious as well. Only complaint was lack of shower pressure for late morning showers (was much better later in the day). I guess everyone sleeps in and takes late showers at same time.The room allowed us to easily and comfortably entertain guests in our room for pre show cocktails. So much better than standard rooms where everyone is squeezed in and around a little table or on edge of bed.CHECK IN: was without issue, quick and easy. Check out as well.POOL: quite nice, busy, but Vegas during the day is all about hanging out at the pool in the heat with drink in hand and nice sights to see. We enjoyed the pool's energy.FOOD: Being late risers who still like a good breakfast, we were very happy with food, service and atmosphere of the morning buffett in the Grand Lux restaurant.For dinner, Delmonico Steakhouse (Venetian), Palm (Caesar's) and Mon Ami Gabi (Paris) all served up outstanding meals, and service was fantastic, most notably at Delmonico.SHOWS: Love at the Mirage was a disappointment. While we enjoyed it, our whole group found it was more dancing and costumes then the usual acrobatics we are accustomed to from C du Sol. Le Reve at the Wynn provided more of the latter, some amazing feats and the theatre was quite impressive. Peepshow with Holly Madison was surprisingly entertaining. My wife and I enjoyed it, quite funny, some catchy tunes, good dancing, and of course some beautiful and scantily clad women are always a bonus. We were actually upgraded to VIP front row table seats, but in the end, would have preferred to be a bit further back as we found the tables were too close to the stage -- had to continously swivel around completely in our chairs when the show progressed out to any one of the three catwalks, as well as having to look almost straight up in a few instances. But will admit, being that close gave some great views as well. :)OUTINGS: Just a drive out to Hoover Dam this time round, amazing structure. Recommend not stopping in the little town to park, and instead drive right out to the Dam. We did a quick outside tour before taking the guided tour, which we enjoyed.GAMBLING : not our bag, but the tables were packed over the weekend nights and smoke was not too much of an issue when passing through, unlike some of the casinos with lower ceilings.SHOPPING: can't say enough about the Premium Outlet Mall, about a $15 cab ride each way from Strip. Being one who hates shopping, the prices were outstanding (clothes, shoes, accessories). So much so, I hardly noticed we were at it for almost 5 hours.GOLF: didn't partake this time as temps were over 105 F (40+ Celsius), and just too hot to play. Ran into others who had wished they didn't because of heat. We could see Wynn GC from our suite. Looked quite nice, but believe saw less than 10 groups on the course our entire stay.PALAZZO: would definetely stay here again.	
Sep 13 2009 	An excellent choice	For the first of our two visits to Vegas in August we chose The Palazzo and a great choice it turned out to beCheck-in queues were a little long as we arrived mid-afternoon but we were well attended to and given a strip-view luxury suite on the 28th floor with great views of TI, the pools and beyondThe suite was great and had every amenity you could need.Very comfortable bed and large luxury bathroom and spotlessly clean throughout. The hallways to the suites reminded me of the BellagioService levels throughout our stay were top class ; no problems with housekeeping at allLoved the bright, airy casino - slots were a bit 'tight' - cannot comment on the tables as we didn't playWouldn't hesitate to stay here again	
Sep 12 2009 	LOVED The Palazzo. LOVED it! 5 Star all the way!	WOW! WOW! And WOW!This place is heaven on earth. Where do I start?First the amazing beauty of the hotel. It smells sooooooo good inside! Then the extremely friendly and helpful check in staff, the quick-moving check in procedure where it's first come/first served, the magnificent rooms, all AWESOME! Our room was cleaned before we returned from the pool EVERY day - we never had to wait! All employees smile and greet you. The elevators were never over crowded and they had plenty of elevators to choose from. The rooms were HUGE and truly comfortable and elegant. What you see in the pictures on their website is truly what you get. This truly is a 5 star resort. I love that the staff walks around the pool giving complimentary frozen towlels, cold cucumbers and orange slices to the guests. There were very few kids too! The pools are built so they are long and more narrow. Everyone hangs around the edges, so the pool design was perfect. Chairs were abundant and we could choose between sun or shade at any time of the day and often would switch seats after we had too much sun.Lots of excellent restaurant choices, clean hotel, and just a wonderful experience. We have found a new home in Vegas!Downside: The huge, unfinished hulking structure behind the hotels. Upside: No construction noise.	
Sep 12 2009 	The Palazzo might just edge it as the best in Vegas	As a frequent visitor to vegas, i've become accustomed to consistently high standards in its top end hotels, and The Palazzo stands high in comparison to any other on the strip, as an all round beautiful hotel. Yes, for prestige the Wynn/Encore possibly have the edge, and the Bellagio is still a beautiful, must visit hotel, but, all factors considered, it's hard to top The Palazzo. We stayed in a Fortuna suite, and its absolutely stunning (even the basic room is a suite). My only fault with the room would be the lighting system, which in 6 nights, i never mastered. Each light, and there are many, seems to work independantly, and its hard to master. Surely a universal control could be introdued? Petty? Perhaps. But it's annoying at 2am when you want your lights on to go to bed, and be able to turn them off from bed.Facilities wise, the hotel has everything you'd expect, and its all very nice. Being part of the Venetian is great as the dining and shopping options are almost unlimited. Being able to breakfast in different cafes for example is something you dont really get in the more isolated, but similarly luxurious Mandalay or Wynn complexes, and this definitely gives The Palazzo an edge.Pool wise, there are a number of bathing areas, but the main pool doesn't seem to get the sun until the afternoon, due to the design of the hotel, so its wise to get up early and grab a good seat at a smaller pool, or the main pool th the Venetian. Essentially, The Palazzo is the more refined extension of the Venetian, withouth all its hussle and bustle. It's hard to find somewhere else on the strip that ticks so many boxes and i'll therefore recommend it as the perfect Vegas hotel.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great Hotel	I agree with alot of what has been written in the last few posts. This is a great hotel with plenty of options for food etc. Check out the Grand Lux Cafe they are excellent. Extremely helpful/friendly waiters and excellent variety of food at reasonable prices unlike some of the other restaurants.The pool area does get very crowded and the pool doesn't seem to be heated, wasn't a problem for me but may be for some people.All in all a great hotel although you do pay for it.	
Sep 10 2009 	verry nice rooms but pool area very crowded	Check inn meant waiting for a long time in a cue. Room was very nice, we could see the airport but no noise problems.The pool area was extremely crowded, which made it a lot less pleasant to relax at the pool. Hotel has nice restaurants, no problem getting a table.	
Sep 9 2009 	Luxury if you can afford the concierge lounge!	The rooms are amazing - we paid for a strip view which i would recommend. We also paid for the concierge facilities as we were first timers in Vegas and wanted to make sure we had somewhere relaxing to come back to at the end of the day and relax. It is 100 dollars a night for concierge so i guess each person has to decide if its worth it - for us it was, we enjoyed having pre-dinner cocktails and wine and using the skills of the concierge to make plans. You can also use the business centre etc facilities which again was useful for us. Pool lovely and always lots of beds available. Staff are professional and pleasant, and we had a problem whilst we were there which was quickly and efficiently sorted out.So if you want luxury on the strip and not too much cheesy vegas in your own hotel then i would recommend this hotel. It is not cheap but worth it as a treat, our only disappointment was that we had to pay if we wanted to access gym facilities and for the amount you pay i really think it should be included.	
Sep 9 2009 	concierge level worth the money	Just got back from two days on the concierge level, it was only $100 more a night and worth every penny. The rooms are the same but they offer breakfast and afternoon snacks including jars of candy, and cookies and free drinks and appitizers from 5-9. bartenders on the c. level all very friendly. Very large lounge to relax, read and just escape Vegas hustle for awhile.I was disappointed because we did not receive turn down service, or slippers either night. Having stayed at the Venitian before this was alway svery nice, with slippers by yoru bed, botteled water and chocolates. Even requested it the second night and did not happen.The main thing I was looking for when I planned my trip was a nice pool. I chose the Palazzo because on the web site they say they have custom chairs that are made for in the pool. And had a picture of lounge chairs in shallow end of the main Palazzo pool. When we got there, there were no chairs. I asked about this and an employee said &quot;we had that last year but the chairs rusted. We have a pool like that at the Venitian&quot; Walked over to Venitian pool since you can use both, and found what looked like a small childs wading pool with chairs. The chairs were in horrible condition! ( must be the ones the Palazzo used last year) the fabric falling off, most were unsafe to be sat in. They need to update their web site.Over all, I would stay again on the the concierge level to take advantage of the amenities in the lounge, but if I wanted a great pool, I'd stay at the Wynn.	
Sep 7 2009 	The Palazzo is "suite"AND affordable	Note: Our family travels to Las Vegas at least four times a year and we've stayed at the Bellagio, MGM, Mirage, Planet Hollywood, Treasure Island, etc.I hadn't heard too much about the Palazzo but decided to stay there from Sept 3 through Sep 7 just to try something new. We stayed in the Luxury Bella View Suite which was over 700 sf and had a separate sunken living room (sofabed in living room also converted to a sleeper). We had three LCD HD tvs (bedroom, bath, living room) and a marble bathroom with dual vanities, roman tub, glass enclosed shower. The bed was super comfy (egyptian cotton) with Euro decor as the theme. Our room overlooked the Strip and pool--this included a magnificent view of the Treasure Island &quot;Sirens&quot; show. The hotel has several pools (4ft max) and servers provided complimentary orange slices and cucumbers to pool patrons. Service with pool personnel was inconsistent or&quot;ok&quot; because in one instance, when I went to obtain towels for the family, the attendant didn't bother to inquire whether we needed assistance setting up our lounge chairs. Hello...... family of five here, yes we would like the help please and we do tip and appreciate the help! I guess we've been spoiled with other hotels offering that service w/out having to ask. They have lifeguards on site and a masseuse available for chair massages ($2/minute). The masseuse doesn't go to your lounge chair, you go to them for the massage (unlike Four Seasons). Hotel security guards are super helpful, Location is central--you can walk to the Wynn, Fashion Mall, TI, Mirage. My husband and I and kids were able to walk fairly easily to the Bellagio and Planet Hollywood from our hotel. Bring comfortable shoes and water (you'll be glad you did). Lots of escalators and pathways to move you along safely. Be extra careful of pick pockets--heard too often of folks getting ripped off. The best part of the Palazzo is that the air in the hotel/casino/pool/etc is not as smoke-filled as most other casinos like the Mirage or Bellagio. The high ceilings in the Casino also doesn't make you feel so cramped. Cocktail servers were the best--always around when you needed a drink (perhaps because the hotel wasn't too crowded?)Maid service was good, although there were a couple of occassions where I noticed junk food bags in the elevator and other litter along the hallway. In room phone operator service always greeted us by name , but that's the norm for LV hotels. We also had an in-room fax/printer/separate phone lines to conduct business if necessary.Grande Lux Cafe (Palazzo) was a great deal and served great food at reasonable prices. If you have kids, ask what's available from the kids menu (they won't volunteer it and they dont have a printed menu). Kids items include chicken strips, pasta with marinara or parmesan, hot dogs, mac and cheese, etc. My son's grilled cheese sandwich and fries were $5.95 and he ordered chili dogs the next day (no fries) and it was $3.95. What a steal. They offer global cuisine (chicken jambalaya, shaking beef, etc) and are affiliated with the Cheesecake Factory restaurant chain. Must do--they have made to order desserts that require 30 minutes cooking time so order these specialty creations at the same time you order your entree. I LOVED the beignets(french pastry that is fried) with three dipping sauces (chocolate, strawberry, vanilla) but my husband and kids loved the chocolate lava cake. The morning buffet isn't bad, but I'd probably order from the menu next time (buffet has made to order omelettes, pastries, fruits, yogurt, hash brown, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage). Buffet Adult price was $15.95 and kids were $9.95. Skip the First Food and Bar ...wait staff was friendly BUT service was super slow and food wasn't very appetizing (most entrees which are &quot;small&quot; are under $20), except for the complimentary cinnamon donuts. The restaurant wasn't full and we were seated imediately, so not sure what the wait time could be due to. Be advised that the restaurant has music blaring from their speakers so much that your seats actually vibrate from the bass. Interestingly enough, my family and I actually enjoyed the loud music--they have a DJ onsite. They also have kids items available during dinner, although we couldn't try it because it' was not offered during the Sunday &quot;brunch period&quot; when we were there. Noodles Asia (Venetian) is a nice change,and also reasonably priced, but I prefer Noodles (Bellagio) if you're willing to spend/splurge more $. I noticed that the hotel, among others, is now offering discounts on certain meals (prix fixe meals $34.95/Zine, buy one get one free for palazzo room service, etc). The economy seems to be the driver for these changes.Parking is nicely situated next to guest elevators which make it convenient to hop in your car and explore Vegas. THey had ample parking when we were there and only waited a few minutes to score a good spot each time. They also have security guards on their bikes roaming the garage for added security.The spa is about $40/day and independently operated from the Palazzo (you can get a discounted rate at registration, and sometimes they'll have a coupon for a buy one/get one day pass). Spa has complimentary classes , exercise facilities, sauna, steam room (they'll advise you which rooms are co-end/clothing optional). The hotel also has in-room viewing options where you can select compimentary tv videos on how to improve golf skills, toning your abs, greening (conservation) tips. If that's not your thing, then Palazzo/Venetian has lots of high-end (J Choo) and suburbia type shops (Banana Republic) for window shoppers too. Don't buy bottled water for $5 at the Palazzo store hotels, simply go to Walgreens at the Venetian for any incidentals. If you're bringing kids (mine are 5-10 yrs), and want to watch some of the shows, be prepared to find out all the rules/age restrictions. They have deals, just check with the hotels to be on the safe side. Best buffet (for adults) is the Bellagio in my opinion (expensive/no long lines if you come in right at the start of service), but my kids prefer the Mirage or Treasure Island (less unusual gourmet dishes). There are lots of bargins to be found nowadays, you just either have to ask or be on the watch. Wynn Resort, of all places, had a special on their angus sliders/fries but we didn't have enough time to try it out. We had a relaxing trip this vacation, enjoying the pool and our morning walks along the strip where we could enjoy the sights/sounds of the Bellagio Fountains and do lots of people watching. We decided not to do any shows this trip but will probably do so next time.	
Sep 7 2009 	Wonderful Vegas Strip Hotel	We stayed at the Palazzo for one night and loved it. It was classy and quiet, esp. by vegas standards, with great service. The room was exactly as described. It was immaculate and comfortable. We ordered room service and it was right on time. I felt like this hotel was safe for my teenage son to explore on his own. I would def. stay here again.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great place to stay	We attended the fashion markets recently and were given an incredible rate of $129. per nite. I had booked a king bed but was given 2 doubles at my request at check in w/ no extra charge. The suite was oversized and had plenty of room for the two of us.The pool area was fabulous with multiple pools and a very attentive staff. My only complaint was there wasn't a coffee pot in the room and it took between 15-30 minutes of standing in line each morning for coffee at either at the coffee shops in the hotel.	
Sep 7 2009 	Beautiful Place however there was a rotten cucumber in our fridge!	The place was absolutely beautiful. The casino was clean and the service was alright. Did not like the fact that the front desk was located so far away from the guest elevators, we have to walk through the entire casino with our suitcases in hand to get to the elevators. The room was absolutely beautiful, it included a sunken living room and a TV in the bathroom. However, there was a rotten, old cucumber sitting in our refridgerator! When staff was called they were very apologetic and removed the mess, however they did not offer any sort of compensation for their mistake. When I tried to get a courtesy one-hour late checkout they said no until I mentioned the cucumber and then they allowed the extra one hour. Watch out when using the soap in the rooms, it gave two people in our party a rash (they must have bben allergic to the lemongrass scent on the soaps, it was very strong). I would stay at this hotel again if the price was right, however if you have a choice I recommend staying at the Venetian next door.	
Sep 6 2009 	We loved the Palazzo!	Six of us booked three rooms at the Palazzo two weeks ago and really enjoyed our stay. We had some minor things that were rectified immediately. There was a burned out light bulb in the toilet and one room didn't have robes, but they fixed both issues immediately. My aunt requested an empty fridge and that was also brought up to the room immediately.The all-suite hotel was very spacious and handy for our family since we were able to entertain all six people in the living room area at any given time. Unlike other strip hotels, it was pretty easy to get from the lobby to the room. Usually you have to navigate through the casino maze to find the elevators to your room. Initially, one person wondered where the toilet was while standing in the middle of the bathroom because it actually had it's own room. There were two extra jets in the shower, which was separate from the tub. Also, there were double sinks in the bathrooms. There are three flat screen tvs: in the sunken living room, in front of the bed, and in the bathroom. We liked the Agraria lemov verbena toiletries that were provided: shampoo, conditioner, bath salts, shower gel, lotion, soap, and a separate travel box that had a sewing kit, q-tips, hair tie, and cotton. We were also happy with the dining choices at both the Palazzo as well as the Venetian. We really enjoyed a few breakfasts at Canyon Grill. Everything was healthy, delicious, and plentiful. We also had a nice breakfast at Bouchon in the Venetian. We had some wonderful lunches and dinners at Noodle Asia, Sushi Samba, Dos Caminos, Grand Lux Cafe, Postrio, and best of all - Restaurant Charlie.We read plenty of mixed reviews here but we found the service to be outstanding during our stay. My mom used one of the hotel's complimentary wheelchairs so we asked one of the security guards where to get the elevator to go to Sushi Samba. Not only did he show us where the elevator was, he escorted us all the way to the restaurant and even gave us a few of his recommended dishes. Every single time we called one of the hotel's departments from our room, they always addressed us by name. The hotel was accommodating with our different arrival times and even accommodated two of us with early check-in since the rooms were cleaned and available. We requested adjoining rooms, and the Palazzo also granted that request.It was very convenient to walk to the Venetian or in the other direction toward the Wynn and Encore. There is also a walkway that takes you the Fashion Show Mall across the street, where you can look for half priced tickets.The last night of our stay, the slots were surprisingly pretty loose. I won about $150 that evening on pennies, nickels and quarter slots. Not a big jackpot, but it was still a win.I can't wait to return to the Palazzo. It was an excellent choice on the strip.	
Sep 4 2009 	Just Book It!	First time in Vegas and so glad we stayed in the Palazzo. Location is perfect, right opposite TI and in the middle of the strip. Having looked at all the other casinos this is my opinion one of the better ones. As for accomodation, the rooms are enormous, large comfy bed, split level sitting area, large marble bathroom and three flatscreen TVs. Couldn't fault it. A couple of tips, when checking in try the $20 dollar trick (it does work!). and keep tipping the waitresses and they will keep on bringing the drinks. Also try the Grand Lux cafe, great food at resonable prices in a relaxed environments. Be warned though the portions are huge! If your like me and spend hours researching on TA don't bother and just booked this place.	
Sep 4 2009 	Luxurious accomodations	We stayed for 2 nights in August, with a hotel special for $129/night. The room was spotless, sunken living room, 3 flat screen TV's in living room, bedroom &amp; bathroom. Housekeeping was friendly, accomodating &amp; invisable. The casino had almost 50% non smoking but even the smoking areas were not bothersome because of the good air exchange &amp; high ceilings. The shopping was of course very high end &amp; not affordable for &quot;we mortals&quot; but fun to visit anyway. The Coffee Bean was right outside the elevators making it convenient (although expensive) for morning coffee. The price was over twice as much as our Coffee Bean near our home, but &quot;hey&quot; , it's Las Vegas! We enjoyed being able to stay in an extremely nice hotel that we ordinarily would not be able to afford. The reservation desk people were very efficient &amp; looked very professional in their matching uniforms/suits. Given the same circumstances I would stay there in a hearbeat! One negative --------internet service was $13.95/day, outragious in todays climate.	
Sep 3 2009 	GREAT VACATIONGREAT HOTEL !!	Our first time to see Vegas,My wife and I and her sister and brother in law stayed at the Palazzo for 3 nights and 4 days.We were on different floors but both rooms had a nice view . Fabulous hotel,standard rooms as large as some studio apartments. Nice casino,Very friendly and helpful staff.Vegas was great! Hotel is in a great spot ,easy to get to everything . Walking distance to many shows and the huge mall across the street. The entire facility is really impressive,nice pool,nice places to eat in the hotel,none cheap but all were good ,if you have the chance to stay here do it!.Hope to stay again this year !!	
Sep 2 2009 	Luxury for a good value	The rooms were really well furnished and clean; also spacious. We had good experiences with their housekeeping staff, and they had a great deal which made our stay even more worth it. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Also, this casino actually smelled a lot less obnoxiously of smoke and was less crowded than some of the other casinos in the area. One thing that would be better is if there were an indoor pool... there is an outdoor one, however.	
Sep 2 2009 	Good resort but very expensive!!!	This is one of the best hotels I have stayed at but the only problem I have with the hotel is everything is very expensive. The bottle of water for 4 to 6 dollars!!! Or even the internet is 9 dollar a day!! I have stayed in dumps before and they do not charge you anything but of course palazzo does charge!!! I am not sure what do they think ? I guess they think since you are staying in an expensive hotle then you have to pay for everything 500 time more. The hotel and the staff is great.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great Room	We checked in on a Saturday night-knew there would be low room inventory-the desk agent asked us we wanted smoking or non-we said smoking-she said ok-got to our room on the 31st floor-gorgeous view but no ashtrays-I called the front desk-he said oh no that is non-smoking floor-they moved us the next day as we were staying six nightsbut no real apology for not even informing us that they had no smoking rooms available on our first night-the rooms are fantastic though-greta view of the strip and the pool-You must eat at Grand Lux Cafe-enormous servings-Overall great hotel-I found housekeeping to be the friendliest of all staff, they ALWAYS greeted you in the hallway.Would definately stay here again.	
Aug 31 2009 	Large rooms - 	First off, you have to like staying on the Strip (or as I call it &quot;Crazytown&quot;) to enjoy this hotel. We don't care to stay on the strip but we needed a centrally located &quot;base&quot; for each of us to do various things (hike Red Rock Canyon, golf, see a show, shop a little, try famous chef's restaurants, etc) and with a 750 sq foot room, we could have that &quot;base&quot; and still share one room. I assume the low room rate of $179 was in part because of the current economy so that was another reason for staying here. That having been said, this hotel is like many others in LV: really nice but larger than life; busy and impersonal. The room decor was obviously Italian but having been to Italy a few times, this was a bit more gaudy than what you would find there. It was still a nice, comfortable room with 2 double beds and a full size sofa sleeper. From our room, the huge windows afforded some great views of the surrounding mountains and a bit of the strip. There are many restaurants within the Palazzo &quot;complex&quot; but, of course, you often have to go through the casino and into a &quot;mall&quot; atmosphere to find them. We tried Emeril's &quot;'Table 10&quot; which overlooked &quot;the mall&quot;. The food was pretty good (although I preferred his &quot;New Orleans Fish House&quot; at the MGM) but the music in the restaurant competed with the &quot;mall music&quot;. Service there was great. We like to eat healthy foods so we also tried - and enjoyed - the Canyon Ranch Grill. The atmosphere is nothing special but it was nice to be able to have healthy options within the hotel. Service there was average. We also tried the Wolfgang Puck restaurant &quot;Solaro&quot; for breakfast. Solaro is adjacent to the pools. Although a lovely place, our server was simply far more interested in the hostess than in serving us. After watching him chat her up several times rather than refill coffee, bring the iced tea we ordered, etc.; we finally enlisted the help of the busboy who we ended up tipping since he seemed much more interested in his job. Regarding the pools; there were several to choose from at The Palazzo but if you wanted sun anytime before noon - there was only 1 pool which became crowded quickly. If you didn't want sun AFTER noon, you were definitely out of luck at the &quot;main pool&quot; as I saw no umbrellas whatsoever. In the LV summer heat, it would have been nice to have a shady option so we could enjoy it water without sustaining heat stroke. There was also no pool food service that we saw although they did come by with cool wet towels and cucumber slices. (I suppose you could bring your own &quot;Hidden Valley Ranch&quot; and eat those.) I also never understand why the pools don't stay open late in LV. After a day at a convention or even an oppressively hot day, it would be lovely to be able to relax by the pool but we've found that most LV pools close early - many by 8 and some even at 5! Our major complaint with The Palazzo was, despite the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on the door, we were still startled awake with the sounds of a shrill &quot;HOUSEKEEPING&quot; during the 9 o'clock hour - 2 days in a row. The 3rd day, we handwrote a note telling them to not bother us until 11am. On day 2, I spoke to housekeeping and told them when we'd be out of the room so they could clean and they smiled and said they'd be back but we never saw them again and our room was never touched that day. One more thing to point out is that you CANNOT call ahead for your car if you used valet parking. You must go downstairs, hand them the ticket and then wait. Although the valet attendants were doing the best they could, self parking was much easier there than going through this. All in all, we felt this was a typical experience at a large hotel in Vegas. In hindsight, we much preferred the quiet of the Signature at MGM but we were glad we tried The Palazzo because of the room size and convenient location to other attractions on the strip. In spite of the problems there, it's still a grand place with a lot to offer. I couldn't list this as merely an average hotel because it's massive and has dozens of amenities. If you love the whole &quot;Vegas way&quot; though, you will probably love this hotel. I just think they built it and run it with &quot;Las Vegas&quot; in mind rather than how the people visiting Las Vegas would actually feel staying there.	
Aug 29 2009 	Fantastic !!! Some problems - remedied ASAP	Just got back from 5 days @ the Palazzo. Had to switch rooms after the first night. Dirty windows, 2 light bulbs burnt out/1 in bathroom. Otherwise room was clean, showing some age. Second room, dirty windows, cleaned that same day. Had another burnt out bulb. Corrected by staff. Comp desk was somewhat helpful, seemed bothered by questions on comps. and how to use them. I'm sorry that they don't have their own poker room. Had to walk to Venetian, very nice, very friendly staff. The Jersey Boys show was Absolutely Fantastic. Lux Cafe was outstanding again !!! Tried First Cafe upstairs, Great music, great view of TI's fireworks at dinner time, Pirate Show, very nice staff. Will stay again, hope service isn't slipping. May have to look elsewhere soon? Pit BossTable games/Utica NY, pleasant to talk to/info. from.	
Aug 28 2009 	another great stay	Just back from another great stay at the Palazzo. Had 4 nights comped. When checking in, had $20 in my hand - was offered an upgrade to a larger suite for $75 a night, then a view for $20 a night. Once clerk saw my $20, he said, let me see what i can do for you. We ended up with a great view (standard suite) on the strip, directly across from TI. He was very appreciative of the $20 tip. Had 3 meals at grand Lux - great as always - fast service and portions were huge. Dinner at Morrells was also very good. Casino was fun -great bartenders in the main bar (Bobby) and at the venetian bar (Danny). Craps dealers and staff were very friendly and accomodating. Cocktail service quick as well. No big wins. Slots were tight. Staff was great overall and this is definitly my favorite place to stay in vegas.	
Aug 26 2009 	If you love the smell of cigarette smoke you'll be in heaven	I just returned from treating my fiancee to three days in the desert to celebrate her birthday. We opted for an upgraded suite since this was one of those every decade affairs. With the exception of the restaurants (how many friggin steak places does a hotel complex actually need?) there really is nothing exciting about this place. The casino is underwhelming ($0.01 slots everywhere), the pool is extremely uninspired, the room was hardly worth the extra cash (the bathroom being in the most inconvenient location relative to the bed) and could have been a room in just about any Marriott or Hilton (save for the L shaped couch) anywhere.We requested a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor. To our dismay we received a non-smoking room that clearly had a chain-smoker bunkered in it for at least a week. Every fabric was emitting the ghastly smell of cigarette smoke...no joke. When it became unbearable, we finally called down to the front desk at about 1:35am and after waiting in the queue for no less than 20 minutes asked to be moved to another suite the next day. No problem with that with the exception that the next room still had a cigarette smoke order -- albeit much fainter -- and the smell of fried food. We never received an apology from the hotel and of course we didn't get any discount for that first night's inconvenience. We had friends stay over at the Palms Place and dare I say that, i) the rooms are FAR nicer, interesting and more luxurious, ii) the pool was much more interesting and actually got sun, and iii) their bill was significantly less expensive.So, all in all, why not save a few bucks and stay at a better place.	
Aug 25 2009 	This hotel is very luxurious and I will definitely go back!	The hotel is very beautiful. The valet men are extremely helpful as well as the concierge and front desk staff. I reserved the Fortuna View Suite months in advance, but when I arrived, they were all out. They gave me a free upgrade to the Sienna Suite; however, the view was horrible. That did not matter much though because the suite was a lot bigger than the one I initially planned to stay in. Everything was very clean in the bathrooms. The sheets were also soft and luxurious! I was also able to check out the day before so that I wouldn't have to wait in line the day of my flight. I was even able to check in with my airlines right in the hotel with the service that they offer. Great hotel!	
Aug 23 2009 	beautiful hotel - but get rid of the scented air and add a "quiet" place	We just returned from 4 nights at the Palazzo. This was our first trip to Vegas - had read loads of reviews before going,and settled on this for location, rooms and amenities. We were not disappointed - the hotel is beautiful, the casino the nicest of the many we visited while walking the Strip, and the staff were routinely pleasant. If there were to be a downside (there is always something to find, right?) - the public spaces, halls and casino are &quot;scented&quot; with a flowery, cloying smell. It might be considered by some to be an improvement over the smell of cigarette smoke (which is now allowed only in the casinos), but for someone like me with perfume/scent allergies, it made for a tough time in places where the smell was especially heavy. Also, there is piped in music just about everywhere, but for your hallway and room. What would be so bad about providing some quiet areas, where you can sit and talk without the sound overhead, make a phone call, or read a book without the extra &quot;stimulation&quot;? That said, if you are planning your Vegas adventure, go here - it is new, vibrant, and classy. We would return... PS - avoid room 43-911 - where the phone is one digit off from the hotel's casino-to-security line; we were awakened three times in the middle of the first night by calls for extra credit to be extended to some gambler. After complaints, and two more calls the second night, the hotel figured out how to turn off our line in the evening! A&quot;sorry&quot; was all we got in return, which surprised us a bit...	
Aug 23 2009 	loosen those slots!	Our stay at the Palazzo was everything I expected except the very very tight slots. I saw no winners anywhere. Our room was excellent even without the view. Housekeeping was efficient and all in all the hotel stay was very enjoyable. The hotel is lovely and everyone I came in contact with displayed a smile and were very helpful. Just the slots!! Being Italian I can't say enought about the decor, the music that was played, (love Andre Bocelli) and the atmosphere.	
Aug 22 2009 	Wonderful hotel and great for families with young kids!	ooked this hotel at a great rate - $209 a night for the Concierge rooms!Arrived early - just after 9 am and was told there would be a wait for a room which I expected so early on a Sunday morning...however that wait was a mere 10 minutes and came complete with an upgraded view room overlooking Treasure Island and the nightly show! Room was large and well appointed - kids (who are 5 and a toddler) got a kick out of the remote control blinds and curtains, and the general space! Beds were comfortable - one king and one pull out sofa! Room was clean, plenty of towels, three TVs including one in the bathroom which was great for getting the kids to the bath..and the Concierge suits have a library of DVDs you can borrow for free which also helps keeps the kids occupied when its time to get ready! Hotel had a really pretty scent throughout - jasmine and something else I could not identify! But also every now and then we got a rather nasty whiff of sewerage, especially at the pool which was not so pleasant! That was the worst thing about the hotel...but it was not that often and not a big deal!Concierge suits are well worth it if you have kids...breakfast consisted of pastries, fresh fruit, good coffee, juices, bottled water (which you could load up on - great with kids in the hot Vegas summer - bottled water can run you $3 a bottle or more in Vegas so this in itself was great!); and cooked items. The afternoon presentation was simply candy, and scones...but most folks are out and about doing things at this time so we like most, did not bother with this except to grab more water. The evening was hors d'oeuvres---soup, bread, raw veggies and hot / cold snacks and well as soft drinks and alcohol...sparkling wines, beers, premium spirits, cocktails, a great deal!! Service was excellent though tipping helps!Pools were really nice...great for children as they had lengthy areas of shallow water. There were numerous pools and hot tubs and the Azure pool is complimentary Thur - Sun with the Concierge package!There are some great restaurants many of which are child friendly - even the higher end! The Concierge staff are not useful with recommendations however as they suggested Zefferino's to everyone and led us to believe that most places would not be that happy with small kids...Table 10, Morels, and Carnevino were all very child friendly! Other than that staff were wonderful and welcoming!I would go back in a heartbeat and will be booking again soon!	
Aug 22 2009 	Beautiful rooms/hotel; lacking in some areas of customer service	Friends getting away for upcoming 40th birthday and is our first time at The Palazzo. Check-in went smoothly, although we had a king bed (came with the special rate of $129) and we wanted to change to two queen beds, of which we had to pay $35 extra per night. And no they wouldn't waive this fee, I tried! So we did end up paying the fee and I realize it was still a great rate. We had a room on the 36th floor, all the way at the end, which was nice and quiet. Our room faced T.I. and The Mirage.Pros: Loved the remote control for the blinds! spacious suite with step down living area. TV in bathroom; phone in &quot;toliet&quot; area (no, we didn't use it) Make-up area with light (also broken, but we called and they brought us up a new one) Asked for foam pillows due to an allergy and rec'd them quickly Grand Lux cafe Beautiful decor in room and lobby of hotel Fantastic pedicure from Shelly in the Canyon Ranch Salon. Ask for Shelly! Walgreens/ABC store close for cheap bottled water, souvenirs, etc. HUGE mall, in case you forgot a clothing item Very helpful conciergeCons: Small casino with tight slots no fridge...can request one for $25 a day no umbrellas at pool certain pools closed until Thursday of the week excessive charges for room service! (we ordered milk ONLY and asked for some bowls and spoons since we had leftover cereal from the day prior. The bill was $15: $4.00 for delivery charge, $4.00 for BOWLS!! and 18% service charge and then the price of the milk itself!)In addition, I believe the other review regarding the lack of comps for those who gamble quite a bit. The story: We had noticed water leaking from around the can light in the shower. We called and they sent up maintenance as we were leaving the room. Upon returning, I was showering and stepped on a very sharp screw left there after the can light investigation. Well, quite unhappy at this point and in pain, I called the front desk and spoke to a &quot;supervisor&quot; who said he could comp me $50 of our food bill. I asked him if this would be satisfactory to him if he were staying at an upscale hotel. I thought the extra $35 per night for the double bed would be a nice show of apology, however, he did not. I am sure, if I were a &quot;whale&quot; I, no doubt, would have been sucked up to rather immediately and efficiently. How sad this is all they could manage to do after this occurrence to a &quot;non-whale, just wanting a vacation&quot;, guest!2nd story: Out by pool, obtained two waters from the bar (yes, for free). Go back for another glass a 1/2 hour later, and the bartender leaves and doesn't return for 15 minutes. I ask him for two glasses of water and he is SO rude and states it will be $0.25 for each glass. I'm sorry, what?!! He was so rude that I left and reported it to a waitress walking around taking orders. I asked her if this was policy and she said she had never heard of it before. This isn't some low class resort, this is an upscale place that should NOT be charging $$ for plastic glasses!!! AND, if this is the case, place a sign or tell me the first time I am there asking for some water with the 105 degree heat! Honestly!Although the stories may seem petty to some, I am sure if you were there would have felt a bit slighted at the unsatisfactory outcomes. All in all, it IS a gorgeous resort and the room was perfect. Maybe a bit more consistency with customer service would have made these guests happier.	
Aug 21 2009 	Wow!!	We stayed 4 nights at $151 per night. The suite was fabulous but the view was not. However it didn't matter with the sheer Roman shades closed. Upon checking in we had asked for a complimentary upgrade which was unavailable unless we paid $30 extra per night, so we declined. The only negatives in the suite were the decorative wood trim that fell off the front of the bathroom vanity (and was never re-glued), and a large drawer knob that was off one of the drawers in the sunken living room when we checked in &amp; also never replaced. The queen beds were comfortable with lots of pillows including feather ones and the glass walled shower was excellent. We will definitely stay here again. Did not care for the tight slot machines at the Palazzo, the Venetian or the Wynn. There are so many other fun things to do it's not necessary to gamble very much in Vegas!	
Aug 21 2009 	tony farina- you are supposed to give comps to good players	just returned from a 3 night, 4 day comp stay at the palazzo. what can you say, just read the title, comps no good here unless you are a whale. a good dollar and five dollar slot player does not even get i free buffet, i became aware of this after going to club grazie and was told by them to see the casino host, after 2 people ahead of us left angry, i was a little apprehensive, so this old school, slicked back greasy hair dude- we will call him tony ran my card and looked at me and said cant give you nothing.i said tony i just lost 2 grand, he said we give the room, i said no you invited me here. well he says you only gamble 2 hours, and i dont give nothing till you gamble 4 hours. i said tony i just lost 2 grand at this rate the buffet for 2 will cost me 4 thousand dollars. tony said have a nice day and thats when i said have a nice day to the palazzo, as i did not gamble there the remander of my stay. thank you tony as i hit 5500 in the high limit room at the mirage. rooms ok broken desk drawer, broken bureau stains on furniture, but what do you want for free. so was it worth it. my answer is yes because it was free, so if you can see past all the nickel and diming the casino does to you, and ignorant casino hosts then this place is for you. if you want to be treated fairly by the casino and get good comps try the mirage.	
Aug 21 2009 	Fantastic Weekend Stay	My wife and I stayed for four nights (Thursday through Monday) in August 2009. We were upgraded to a suite with a view of the strip. Our package included daily breakfast, which was delivered quickly and was tasty. There was one minor problem with the room service bill on one day, but it was quickly taken care of. The rooms are more than big enough, with a fantastic bathroom. My wife and I both used the Canyon Ranch gym and spa three days, and it is well worth the price of admission.The location is a little bit further north on the strip than I would have preferred, but it still easy walking distance up to the Bellagio and everything in between (even in the summer heat). The Walgreens right in front of the hotel is super convenient, so we loaded up on water and other supplies the first night to avoid having to pay minibar or gift shop prices during our stay. The hotel does a great job filtering smoke in the casino, as there is just a slight smell of smoke in the room and on your clothes even after several hours in the casino.I highly recommend the Palazzo and would definitely return.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great Place to Stay	We stayed at the Palazzo for 3 nts after being at the Grand Canyon, Zion and Bryce for 5 nts. Since our only child is leaving for college in September, we splurged and got a suite with the concierge service. We are seasoned travelers and overall our experience was a good one. The hotel is only 1.5 yrs old and huge. Our suite was huge (28th floor)...had 3 flat screen TV's including one in the enormous bathroom. Room was very elegant and we were very happy. One issue though is that the furniture was a little dusty---I could write my name on one piece (kinda made me feel at home :) ) Other than that the room was in great condition.Check-in was slow---the attendant was very gracious but it took her almost 15 minutes to check us in. Luckily there was no line to check in ,but I would not have been happy with a wait when we were spending about $325 per night. They charged us $50 per night extra for our son and he could not have signing privileges at the hotel. The lobby is scented--I had read about this--it didn't bother us but it might bother someone with allergies.The concierge floor (23rd) offered breakfast, cookies and beverage mid day, cocktails and hors d'ouevres from 5-7 and evening snacks. The breakfast was quite good---fruits, yogurts, pastries, juices, coffe,tea, a few hot entres, bagels etc. At the cocktail hour, you could have anything you wanted to drink...servers were most pleasant. However, I found the hors d'ouevres lacking----many tasted stale and I expected better variety and presentation. There was always a hot soup available, veggies and dip, some hot appetizers....just nothing too exciting. We never made it to the midday or the later evening presentation. Pool(s) were very nice and staff very nice. You can order take out lunch from the Wolfgang Puck restaurant and eat poolside. Pool bar drinks were expensive but that was not a surprise to us. It was very hot (104) when we were there and pool was warm but refreshing. Jersey Boys plays at the Palazzo theater....we got last minute tickets from the concierge....were eight rows from the front....it was excellent! Highly recommend! We also saw Bette Midler at Caesar's Palace---I am a real fan--we paid A LOT for the tickets but were 12 rows from the front---I loved the show!!We also saw Cris Angel's Believe show at the Luxor--it was okay. Our 18 year old liked it.All in all, we had a great experience. We are not huge gamblers but really wanted to see some shows and have our son experience Las Vegas. I would recommend the Palazzo to folks who understand that it is one of the more expensive Vegas Hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	I will never stay anywhere else!	I loved my stay at The Palazzo. I booked a great deal online thru the Venetian web site and was upgraded to the Palazzo. Based on my list of likes and dislikes, I should give the place 4 stars out of 5 but I had such a wonderful stay despite the few dislikes that I am giving it a 5. I can't wait to go back.Things I liked:-We ck'ed in early without a problem at all.-We were upgraded without a problem.-We rec'd several coupons for the restaurants which we used.-There were 3 TVs in the room including one in the bathroom.-Superhuge, gorgeous bathroom and spacious room overall with a living room area-Plush bath robes for him and her-Loved the makeup/dressing table in the bathroom.-Room was very quiet, I never heard anyone slamming doors or yelling, etc.-Great view of the pool area and the strip-There was a &quot;Priority&quot; button on the phone for a quick answer to anything you wanted.-All the restaurants were insanely good, especially The Grand Lux (we went a cpl times)-Everyone in the casino, hotel, restaurants, shops were SO nice and helpful.-Pools were upscale, nice and relaxing. -Cabana we rented was awesome. Best I have ever been in. Great service here, too.-Went to see Phantom here and it was also awesome. Great show!-There's a Walgreens right out front to hit for cheap supplies.-Super easy check out. Just dropped the key in the box.Things I disliked:-We couldn't get the room as cold as we like it but it was about 90 degrees there then.-The towels could have definitely been softer. They were kind of rough.-One of the drawers in our dresser was busted.-The light on the magnification mirror didn't work. (prob could have asked for another)-They need more HD channels for the wonderful HD/LCD TVs in the room.-The fridge won't hold your own stuff. There's no room. It is filled with their beverages that are pricey. You will be charged as soon as you remove one from it's place. It's electronic.-We were told the fax machine was free but weren't told that there was a charge if it was long-distance. We had a TON of fees upon checkout and they only refunded us half.-The spa is horrible, didn't like it, not relaxing and was like a factory in there. So despite the few bad things we really had a wonderful trip and will be going back to either the Venetian or the Palazzo next trip to Vegas. We go a lot and usually stay at The Flamingo. For almost the same price (with the special the Venetian was running) we stayed in way nicer accomodations with much more to see and do. We hardly left the area of Venetian, Palazzo, the Wynn. Also, the cabanas here were as much as the ones at The Flamingo and way, way better. These cabanas have an AC in them! When you step into The Palazzo you really are taken aback by it's beauty. It is a gorgeous hotel and they have it decorated beautifully. All the restaurants were sleek and modern, too. I have been to many hotels/casinos in Vegas and this is one of the prettiest that I have seen. It's definitely worth a try.	
Aug 17 2009 	GREAT PLACE!!!	We stayed at the Plazzo from August 10 thru the 14th. The hotel is absolutely beautiful...Upon arrival our room was upgraded. Overall the room was large, clean and had a beautiful view. Only thing that I can complain about the hotel is the pillows. Very uncomfortable to sleep.. Make sure that you request feather pillows before arrival.The location of the hotel is fantastic. The lobby is always clean. The staff was friendly.Overall the hotel was a great experience and would definitely recommend this hotel is you are planning a visit to Vegas!!!!!	
Aug 17 2009 	Nightmare at the Palazzo	We visit Las Vegas six or more times every year. Let me begin by saying that we always stay at Wynn's right next door. We received a complimentary two night stay at a suite at the Palazzo so we decided to give them a try. When we went to check in at Palazzo we were told that we were booked in the Venetian! So we trekked across the huge casino and went up to our room in the Venetian. Could you imagine our surprise when we walked into a room that was fully furnished with clothing and jewelry on the dresser. We could have hit a super jackpot if we helped ourselves to the Jewelry! After going back to the checking area in The Venetian and waiting in line again we were told that there must have been a mistake some place because we were to be in the Palazzo! when we asked to speak to a manager about our security concerns and he was too busy to come down and speak to us but offered us a $50 food credit. Let me tell you $50 in the Palazzo pays for appetizers.The room was nice but nowhere as nice as Wynn's or Encore. The service in Wynn's is exceptional and mistakes like we suffered through would never happen there. So needless to say we will go back to Wynn's in the future.	
Aug 17 2009 	Not worth the money we spent!!!!!!!!	The room itself wasn't bad but certainly not worth the money we spent!! The hotel is not bad and I guess that is what you get in Las Vegas, overpriced average hotels. The customer service is horrible!!!! We ordered room service as soon as we got in the hotel, a few drinks and appetizers. It took over 1 1/2 hours and still no food! We called several times and finally left, we were so mad! The next morning I called to order breakfast and I kid you not, I was on the phone for 45 minutes trying to place my order, waiting for someone to answer the phone. I called the front desk to complain and they didn't answer either. What if there is an emergency, do you have to wait on the phone for 45 minutes! Crowded pool but we enjoyed it. The service at the pool is really good unlike the rest of the hotel. The restaurants have good food but too expensive. Our dinners for two nights for 3 people turned out to be $500. Ice cream for 2 people in the mall area was $20, just ridiculous.	
Aug 14 2009 	** Better hotels available within the Vegas strip area - BE WARNED **	My Wife and I are seasoned travellers and are very lucky to escape the mundane weather of the UK and go on holiday roughly three times a year. I have never composed a review before, but felt that I needed to inform people of our latest stay. I apologise if this comes across as a rant, but for a 5 star hotel, they should be ashamed. We recently stayed at 'The Palazzo' hotel for a ten-day break in Las Vegas; choosing a hotel in Vegas can be quite difficult considering all that is on offer and their locations 'on the strip'. Persuaded by Trip Advisor reviews we decided that the Palazzo looked like a good hotel. The rooms are fantastic; massively opened planned with amazing views of Vegas. The suites are decorated and furnished to a high spec, with remote-controlled blinds and curtains; 3 large LCD TV's in the living area, sleeping area and bathroom. On first impressions the hotel looks amazing, with its opulent and outstanding hotel lobby surrounded with premium designer boutiques and shops (Jimmy Choo/Max Mara/Pink/Mont Blanc etc). The pool area is situated on the third floor and can only be accessed by hotel guests only. Whilst the hotel promotes on its web-site that it has 11 pools – please be wary, the majority of pools are really small and more of a dipping pool to cool off. There are 3 main pools although Mon – Thu only one of the main pools is open and it gets really busy with hotel residents virtually sitting on top of each other, which is a great way to meet people I guess!!! The second largest pool is open Thu to Sun and seems to be a favourite with couples and people wanting to escape the hussle and bussle from the main pool. The third pool – Azure; this is a luxury poolside experience and costs range from $50 - $1000 a day dependant on your location. This is the only child free pool and trust me it is money worth spent, especially at the weekend. Over 21’s only. The pool bar is satisfactory; expect to pay $10 – 20 for a spirit based drink/cocktail. The pool restaurant offers a unique menu by Wolfgang Puck, but to be honest it is rather expensive for what it is and if you don’t mind sharing your meal with pigeons that swoop down on your table and are at your feet whilst eating. The Palazzo has a real issue with pigeons, which they are trying to readdress apparently. We asked whether they proverbially ‘flew the pigeons in for the Venice effect’. Housekeeping is diabolical! Upon our arrival we started unpacking our clothes and found a pair of spoilt ladies underwear in the wardrobe. The standard of housekeeping varies day to day it was not uncommon to see dirty crockery and glasses outside rooms in the corridor for 24 hours if not longer after someone has ordered room service. On our last day, the housekeeper did not bother with our room and it took over an hour to get fresh towels. After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor the majority of the residents stay for a short break only and I guess it is a fabulous hotel for a weekend, however, I would air caution if staying longer. The Palazzo is aesthetically pleasing to the eye, but regrettably the customer service is questionable.	
Aug 12 2009	Great Hotel (Amenities Shops Entertainment Restaurant) Horrible Customer Service	The Palazoo Hotel is wonderful as far as the amenities, shops, entertainment and restaurants, but SERIOUSLY LACKING GREAT SERVICE. My first complaint was I booked a suite at the Palazoo thirty days in advance and had to wait a couple hours to check in before room was ready. It wasnt as if check in time was 3pm and I arrived for check in at 301pm. My flight arrived at 7 pm and I made it to the hotel at 8, and called front desk upon my flight arrival. I expected the room would be ready and in emmaculant condition, but unfortunately there was vomit stains on the inside door of my suite. How could housekeeping overlook vomit on a light color door? Supposely at a five star hotel, where premier shopping, and entertainment is accomodated. I had to contact the hotel front desk, and housekeeping four times in an 24 hour span before someone was sent up to clean the door. Apparently the hotel is short staffed or have a inexperience guest relation department (front desk / housekeeping). Secondly, the hotel front offered my a complimentary dinner for the inconvience of the hotel room at any restaurant at the hotel. Upon checking out I felt as if I was mislead because my dinner wasnt actually complimentary. The average dinner per person at Palazoo is $50 to $130, and the hotel gave me $50 for a bill of three persons. I was definetly mislead by being told a complimentary dinner for three to a discount off the total bill, after the fact. A few thousand dollars later, and I was a extremely displeased guest from Dallas, Tx.	
Aug 11 2009 	Palazzo Pampers Patrons	Just stayed 3 nights at the Palazzo and wish I could have stayed at least 3 more. When I booked this, I was unsure whether to choose the Venetian or Palazzo since they are in the same family. Décor-wise, I prefer the modern elegance of the Palazzo over the classic elegance of the Venetian. The Palazzo seems to have less than Venetian in terms of shops and restaurants, but the suites are incredible in layout and decor. Both hotels are connected so you can go to the shops and restaurants in the Venetian easily. The Palazzo suites are very bright and cheery. Remote control drapery, bathrobes, slippers, and fresh cut flowers in the bathroom are the touches that make the room a luxury. The lemon verbena toiletries are wonderful. There are 3 flat screen TVs in each suite (including one over the sink in the bathroom).On our first day, we happened to be in the room around 4:30 when there was a knock on the door with an offer of extra towels and chocolate. This did not happen on any of the other days so I wonder whether that was just a “welcome” offer. To be fair, we weren’t in the room at that time on the other days so we don’t know whether it would have happened again. Also, immediately after checking in, I called the front desk to inform them that 3 of the many lights in the suite were burned out. I told them the exact locations of these lights, but the bulbs were never replaced during the whole time we were there. The room was bright enough without these lights, but I am just pointing this out for the inconsistency of service. Housekeeping was fine except for the last day when they neglected to provide us with clean towels after removing the soiled ones. Again, I didn’t need the towels since we still had 2 unused ones.The Venetian/Palazzo is a huge complex--you can spend your entire vacation wandering around exploring it. The Palazzo pool area is elegant and the pool is heated. Although I didn’t spend time at the pool due to the unusually cool weather this time of year, there were people in the pool while I was wearing a fleece jacket.There are so many food establishments here that you can dine on the premises during your entire vacation and not duplicate restaurants. If you do not want an upscale and trendy restaurant, there is a food court for a quick meal, as well as casual restaurants in-between. We loved the Café Grand Luxe which was recommended to us and will go back on our next trip. We found out that it’s the upscale version of the Cheesecake Factory—great food and huge portions. The problem with this place is that one gets so full from the entrée that there’s no room for the tempting desserts!We visited the spa/fitness center and saw the clubs, but didn’t get a chance to sample any since the call of the casino kept us busy.If the price is out of your range, look for deals or consider a splurge—you’ll be glad you did!	
Aug 10 2009 	Feels like You're in Venice	This hotel is beautiful. The rooms are clean and large. The atmosphere is wonderful. There is less of a crowd here than other hotels on the strip. The most beautiful place to be is in St. Mark's Square!My only complaint is the service. We had to drag 10 pieces of luggage (we were 6 people) into the lobby and up and elevator by ourselves because help was hard to find. Then, after calling several times to ensure an adjoining room, we still had to wait an hour and a half to fix the mix-up with the room because we were all on different floors.Also, some of the workers did not have confident attitudes and answers when asked questions. The concierge did not always have information on restaurants outside of this hotel. They were not even sure where we had to pick up our ride back to the airport.All in all, the place was very nice, but if you are planning to stay here, plan ahead because the service here is not always good.	
Aug 10 2009 	Nice place to pamper the family for our last night of our vacation!	Awesome room! Our kids felt like they were royalty. Loved the remote controlled roman blinds and curtains! : ) Only complaint would be that the lighting in the &quot;private stool room&quot; was too dark (one of the lightbulbs in the fixture was burned out). Our 7 y/o absolutely loved the pool. Just wished we could have stayed longer to enjoy everything!	
Aug 9 2009 	Big room with nice views of the strip	Next best thing to being in Venice. The Gondola boats and the shopping arcade, the restaurants and rooms were all very impressive.We booked through Luxury Group which offers direct booking with hotel and everthing went very smoothly.The hotel is on the strip with walking distance of all other casinos. Multiple restaurants on site.	
Aug 8 2009 	2nd time at Palazzo did not disappoint	This was my 2nd stay at the Palazzo, I also stayed there end of May/first few days of June. This was a quick trip, 2 nights, 1 full day. I was pleasantly surprised and duly impressed with my 1st stay at the Palazzo and this stay did not disappoint.Check in was quick, bell service quick, room service quick and housekeeping was excellent. My room/suite was perfect.I spent a morning at Canyon Ranch Spa, had a massage and used the spa and shower facilities, very nice and I would highly recommend Canyon Ranch for a peaceful respite and wonderful services.All in all, Palazzo is a keeper in my opinion. We'll be staying there again later in the year.	
Aug 7 2009 	GREAT SERVICE	I visited the hotel for a romantic weekend with my husband. The Palazzo is beautiful inside. From the moment i arrived at check in the Person was extremely proffessional and asked me what was my purpose here in Las Vegas i told her (Adriana) that it was an anniversary weekend ,she made me feel special and gave me a wonderful view of Las Vegas Blvd at no charge since it was our first time in the hotel. She explained me everything in detail restaurantes,amenities, etc when i went up to the suite the view was gorgeous!!!!! she did a wonderful job with the complimentary upgrade.	
Aug 6 2009 	Nice but not as nice as Bellagio	We stayed at the Palazzo the last week of July. Upon check in the front desk help was very unfriendly. He gave us a room on the seventh floor which was fine except that the air conditioner did not work properly. We moved the next night to the 31st floor which had a great view and was far away from the elevators. I did not think at any time that our room was clean enough. The towels were frayed and there were holes in the walls of our room and the furniture was nicked and missing hardware. The pros of this hotel are the spacious suites and the three televisions. We have always stayed at the Bellagio and will go back to it because of the outstanding customer service, clean rooms and overall first class accomadations. I just felt that The Palazzo lacked customer service and cleanliness associated with a five star hotel.	
Aug 6 2009 	The best stay ever in Las Vegas!!!	Stay in The Palazzo for the Paul Mitchel hair show. The check in was quick and easy. The room elevators were located conveniently from the check in desk. Elevators were quick to get you to your room. I stay on the 34th floor. Rooms were large and nicely layed out. Three flat screen tv's with true hd. The only issue with my bathroom tv was that you could not view while sitting in the tub. Three phones with two lines were available. I don not understand why you would need a phone in the bathroom(next to toilet). Had a copy/fax/printer in room. Great if you need to do any business while on vacations. Nice room safe with electrical outlet so you can store laptop and charge at the same time. Well stocked mini bar. Bed and pillows were very comfortable. The remote controlled curtains were great for in the morning. Very well setup phone system for dine in , reservations for shows, housekeeping, and wake-up calls. Casino was clean and smelled good. Did not have any issues with smoke. Over all, it was the best Las Vegas stay ever. Parking garage was easily accesible and well layed out. Had signs showing the number of available parking spots.	
Aug 5 2009 	Very Nice - A great place to stay for a romantic anniversary!	What can I say? The hotel was beautiful, the rooms were elegant and very luxurious. My wife is an interior designer and is very picky about decor, and she was very impressed with the room. There may be nicer rooms out there, but not at this price I'm sure.We paid extra for a view of the strip and it was worth it, with a great view of the Treasure Island pirate show across the street, the swimming pools below, and the lights of western Las Vegas running off to the horizon. The bed was very, very comfortable. Didn't really notice the &quot;perfume&quot; smell they pump into the air.The coupon-package made the stay a little more economical, with discounts on Jersey Boys tickets (fantastic show, don't miss it!), 25$ in free slots, and dining discounts at the very good Woo and Dos Caminos restaurants. The pools were very nice, but no sunshades, so bring your sunblock. I don't gamble, so not much to say about the casino other than it looked very new, and much nicer than the casinos at some of the older, shabbier hotels.There are also many high-end shops to browse. If you want to venture out of the hotel, the Mirage (with the excellent Beatles &quot;Love&quot; show) and TI are across the street, and the Venetian (with Blue Man Group and Phantom) is next door. Caesar's Palace and the Bellagio are further down; we walked down to see the Bellagio fountain show, and it was exhausting to walk back in the August evening heat.FYI, very good, inexpensive food can be had at Chipotle (huge, freshly made, healthy burritos etc. for about $6) a few blocks south on the west side of the strip. A good grocery store is 1.5 miles east on Sands/Twain ave at Maryland Pky. (Vons with a good bakery and deli).All in all, the hotel met or exceeded our expectations. The only &quot;cons&quot; would be a lack of seating and drinking fountains in the public areas. The Bellagio has comfy seats and drinking fountains all over the hotel if you just want to sit for a while (and not spend $3 on a bottle of water).Pros:- Free parking- Beautiful rooms- Coupon package discounts- Excellent strip views available- &quot;Jersey Boys&quot; (Second time seeing it! Great show, but it has lots of profanity if that bothers you)Cons:- No drinking fountains or comfy chairs in the public areas like the Bellagio	
Aug 4 2009	Palazzo hotel	Just got back from a 7 night stay at the Palazzo. We had a Fortuna Suite and enjoyed the extra room because we were there for the 7 nights and had a teen with us. If just 2 people regular rooms would be jsut fine. All in all nice room but housekeeping could be better. Upon check in we were given a room that had not been clean. Walked back down to front desk and they put us in another room. I think housekeeping gets in and out as quick as they can. There was a lot of dust in our room (could write your name) and just a lot of little things that were not addressed. I am a pickey person so I notice these things. Would I stay there again, yes. The pool is very nice and restaurants were wonderful. A Walgreens just opened up right outside the front entrance so that was nice for wter and snacks.	
Aug 4 2009 	excellent	Smaller casino area than most, but very easy to find your way around, especially if you wan't to walk through to the Venetian or Wynns, unlike others. Found customer service excellent and efficient. Can't really fault anything. We spent the extra $100.00 per night for the concierge level and was well worth it. The staff there were really superb. Would stay there again without hesitation.	
Aug 3 2009 	Lovely and comfortable	I stayed here during CES and it had barely opened. The suite was extremely large, plenty of amenities, huge bathroom, stocked with all the great beverages and most importantly extremely comfy beds/pillows! I'm not one to stay long in the hotel room when visiting Vegas but after being out all day and night, you need a comfortable bed and environment to relax to. The price is well worth the stay as far as the rooms itself. However at the time the staff seemed a bit confused, couldn't get much help when needed. They did apologize for not being as organized but it was due to them barely opening... they were all very polite.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great Deal and a Great hotel.	After a lot of research we decided to stay at the Palazzo. It helped that we got a great deal paying only $109 a night. For that money I wasnt expecting a great room. I couldnt have been more wrong, right from the start this was a completly first class experience. We were attended to at check in minutes ( unlike our friends in the flamingo who waited 90 minutes ). Then we got a great room on the 39th floor overlooking the Wynn. The room is perfect for a couple, at approx 700ft its large with plenty of space, and all the facilities you could need. The sunken lounge feels separated from the bedroom area and so like a standard suite, but you dont pay suite money that has probably more space than you need. The hotel also seems a little bit better laid out then the Venetian. Some of the complaints I had heard about the hotel just didnt seem to be an issue. House keeping was excellent. The perfume that is present throughout the hotel is a personal issue. I didnt find it offensive or overpowering. My wife noticed it more than I did, but its in the communal areas and if you go to some of the other hotels you notice the stale odor that would normally be there and realise that actually its preferable. The gym has to be paid for, but actually its a lot more than a gym the aquavana spa is really nice and worth the money for the relaxing break from the madness of the strip, its well worth it and a lot more then a mere gym. Overall I was really suprised and pleased by the Palazzo, the staff were excellent and facilities top class. I'd stay there the next time without a doubt and I certainly pay the standard rate as its a great hotel and casino that I would certainly recommend.	
Jul 30 2009 	Very Nice Suggest All Give It A Try	This was our 2nd comped stay at the Palazzo/Venetian hotels and everything was lovely. Our flight arrived at 10:00 am and we were able to check in upon our arrival at the hotel which was great since we had expected to have to wait until 3 pm. We weren't able to get a strip view, however, had a nice view of the Wynn Pool and golf course on the 20th floor. I was surprised that the furniture looked a little worn which I thought odd since the hotel is relatively new. The bed was heavenly. The staff was great and were very prompt in responding to our requests (2 light bulbs out in our bathroom &amp; resetting our safe combination). Food and staff were excellent at The Grand Lux. Broke even at the casino which made my husband and me happy since any time you can return from Vegas with what you brought is a plus. We were surprised on how crowed the casino/hotel/strip was, had expected it to be less crowed this time of the year. We will gladly return with or without comp to stay at the Palazzo.	
Jul 29 2009 	Can't believe how perfect our stay was....	The Palazzo Hotel was such an unbelievable experience from our first day to our last....the staff was so helpful and respectful, the hotel restaurants were excellent, the location was perfect for getting to everywhere we wanted to go. We did not experience any wait during check-in, and we were very pleased with management's handling of a room service (dining) &quot;problem&quot; we experienced (our order &quot;got lost&quot; and never arrived--but issue was resolved quickly and apologetically by staff). Our spa treatments at Canyon Ranch were truly luxurious and relaxing. Our room was so comfortable and in excellent condition. We have only great things to say about this hotel!	
Jul 29 2009 	The Fabulous Palazzo - Concierge Fortuna Suite	My wife and I have just spent the most amazing 14 days at this fabulous hotel, yes 14 days in Vegas, this says how much we love the Palazzo! We booked a Concierge level Fortuna Suite and we highly recommend the Concierge level, this entitles you to Complimentary Breakfast in the Concierge lounge each day as well as an afternoon presentation of snacks and tea/coffee, from 5pm to 9pm complimentary cocktails are served along with canapes and hors d'ouvres, all this is very much worth the extra cost of the concierge level. The Concierge staff are the most helpful you can ever find in Vegas, they can book all shows with best seats and all restaurants with best tables. Our Fortuna Suite was fantastic, it had a sunken lounge with HD LCD TV, table and chairs for dining and large corner sofa, the bedroom area had the most comfortable king bed, large HD LCD Tv and walk-in wardrobe with lots of storage space, the bathroom had large bath, separate shower unit, wc room, and twin sink units with marble tops. Unlike previous reports on this website we never experienced any problems with the servicing of our suite, we left the Suite every day just before 1030am and when we return just after 3pm it was always fully serviced and immaculately cleaned. High speed wireless internet access was available in the suite for USD9.95 per 24hrs, however, in the concierge lounge you got free internet access in the Business room. Valet parking at the hotel was complimentary and a very speedy and efficient service, we never waited more than 5 minutes for our car to be brought to us each morning. The hotel has a fantastic pool deck area, also the hotel has a vast range of restaurants from fine dining to casual dining, see the Palazzo website for full details. Book your stay at the Palazzo and you will not be disappointed, we will return again next year for sure!	
Jul 29 2009 	Stay at Palazzo eat drink and be merry somewhere less expensive...	Hands down the most beautiful hotel we have ever seen!!!!! Rooms are ridiculous, huge, an absolute oasis. Staff is fantastic. I can't say enough about this hotel, if you can stay here, do, you will remember it forever, especially if you get in on a good deal! Eatting, drinking, shopping, etc. at the Palazzo can be expensive. A few tips to save $$$, hit the strip through the Venetian, go left to Casino Royale, $1 margaritas and bottled beer, bring your own mug and fill it up, keep going and you'll see a liquor store past Harrah's, ok, this is starting to become a theme. Right in front of the Venetian is a Walgreen!! The restaurants in Palazzo/Venetian are expensive, but if you are going to try any, stay away from Dal Toro and the room service is expensive $35 for eggs benedict!!, absolutely try Sushi Samba, fantastic.	
Jul 29 2009 	Amazing hotel	We went to Las Vegas as part of our honeymoon and were initally staying in the Venetian. When we arrived at check-in for the Venetian (yes there was a slight queue but we were seen in less than 5 mins) we were asked if we would like to stay in the newer hotel that is owned by the Venetian the Palazzo. We said yes and we got an amazing room with a fab view of the Strip. The room was great three tv's, it looked brand new, and it was huge. I really would recommend the Palazzo because the rooms are massive and because they are all suites it just means you have lots of room to move in. The mini bar and snacks were expensive but they would be in a 5 star hotel! We had room service and it was reasonably priced and it was delivered quickly, there is a service charge included in the price you pay as well. The room was cleaned well every day as well. The hotel is large and with the connection to the Venetian it can get quite confusing but staff are more than willing to help and we didn't have any issues. Our room didn't take long to walk to either. The Fashion Mall is across the street and had a food court which was really good if you dont want to spend lots of money on breakfast and lunch and there is also a smaller, but still good, foodcourt in the shoppes in the Venetian. The hotel isn't positioned in the direct heart of the Strip but again this caused us no problems. It faces the Treasure Island hotel and the monorail is in Harrahs which is like a 5-10min walk and it will take you as far as the MGM Grand. Then you can get another tram from Excalibar to Mandalay Bay if your feeling lazy. We went to see Phamtom and also the Lion King, both of which were excellent - Phamtom was better though! All in all we had a fantastic time and will stay in the Palazzo again when we are next in Las Vegas!!!	
Jul 28 2009 	The Palazzo is beautiful and smells like heaven.	The Palazzo is a new hotel that is upscale all the way. You can smell the aroma from the valet area. I asked what the wonderful smell was and was told that it is their signature scent and is not available for purchase. The scent set the tone for the entire stay. The facilities itself is a must see and in very close - walking distance - to everything that is a &quot;must see&quot;. I will stay there again.	
Jul 28 2009 	Elegant great customer service would stay again.	The hotel was beautiful, the rooms were huge, the customer service was top notch. They really get you on the little things, though. In room internet access was $10 a day, but you can connect wirelessly for free at the cafe press (I think it was) on the 2nd floor. Suprisingly, they don't have movie channels--no HBO, Showtime, etc., but they do have pay per view movies. Overall a beautiful hotel, great stay.	
Jul 27 2009 	Surprisingly a little shaky on our 4th visit to the Palazzo	We have met the gambling levels to stay free at the Palazzo and have done so now on four occassions. We really enjoy staying here and just got home last night from a 4 day stay. This time the rooms were both very dusty, no change of towels or bed turndowns, no newspaper, 4 lights burned out, slow maid service. Just not up to par, though the room was still nice overall. The room service menu offered 2 for 1 dining - the first time I've ever seen that. Vegas is hurting. They made it up on the slots as we won absolutely NOTHING in 4 days.Bouchon was fantastic, as usual. Table 10 was unbelievably disappointing. Grand Lux Cafe is always good.Honestly, we ended up choosing to lose our money at the Wynn so we can get comp rooms there next time.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great hotel	My husband and I were here over Memorial Day weekend and absolutely loved the hotel. The rooms were enormous and very nice. The location was great....very centrally located. The staff were very courteous and accomodating, but not snottty as you sometimes encounter at upscale hotels. We had a great dinner at the mexican restaurant in the hotel and had the best guacamole! The only downside was that the pool was very crowded and it was difficult to find two lounge chairs together unless you got there early in the morning. However, this might have been because we were there on a holiday weekend.	
Jul 26 2009 	Fabulous Property	This was our second stay at thePalazzo and I still just love this hotel. It has everything that you could want. The rooms are really roomy . We faced the strip which in my opinion is the only good view there is. The casino, the shops and the hospitality is unmatched. We did go and look at The Wynn and The Encore. I was not impressed with The Encore howver I did like The Wynn but I would be really happy to retrun for a THIRD visit to The Palazzo.	
Jul 25 2009 	My only regret was having to leave!	I love Vegas, and go every couple years. This time, the bargains were everywhere, and it was really difficult to choose between the Palazzo and the Encore. Both seemed to be a great value, and I expected nothing but the best from either one. They are also two of the newest on the strip. After much thought, I went with the Palazzo. We got a 2 bed suite, over 700 sq feet, 3 flat screen TV's (one in the bathroom for your viewing pleasure while taking a relaxing bath- my daughter got quite a kick out of this), plenty of channels also (lots of places in Vegas give you very few channels- they want you in the casino, NOT your room!), sunken living room, light up bar, tongs for your ice, plenty of glasses, corkscrew, nice soft lighting everywhere (especially the bathroom), nice furniture, comfy large L shaped couch, comfortable beds with a nice soft comforter, remote curtains and blinds, mini office/desk, and a large safe (can fit a laptop). Room was immaculate, hotel service was friendly and helpful, fast check in, and we got free wireless, $25 slot credit, and coupons for Dos Amigos and Woo , both were very good. It was the credits that finally helped me choose over the Encore (Encore had a $75 credit,good toward your final bill), and the Palazzo has slightly larger rooms (and I thought they looked nicer than the Encore).Hotel is only 18 months old, everything is still new, smells good (even the casino- they have a first class air filtration system), pools are nice. I don't think there is a &quot;bad&quot; view from any room. We had a view of the Wynn/Encore and the Wynn golf course which was very nice. 41st floor. One of the best locations on the strip. Great shopping, connects with the Venetian, it's easy to never leave the premises! Las Vegas Sands (parent company of Palazzo/Venetian) and Wynn (parent company of Wynn/Encore) have a VERY HEALTHY competition, always trying to outdo the other, and the winner is the guest. Vegas is still depressed right now, and there are bargains all over the strip. If you are planning a trip to Vegas soon, you owe yourself a stay at the Palazzo. They certainly will not keep these deals and rates going forever, and it's the best bargain on the strip for what you get. You can get a better rate a another hotel, but you will NOT get a better hotel, simple as that. It's all in the details, and the Palazzo delivers in spades.	
Jul 23 2009 	Absolutly Amazing Stay	This place is amazing, from the great team members of the resort to the awesome decor. We where allowed to check in real early in the morning with great service. Everyone greated us with a smile and asked if we needed help finding anything. Rooms are amazing as well, three flat screens, a comfy bed and more room then you know what to do with for Vegas. I will for sure go back in the future!!!	
Jul 23 2009 	Beyond luxurious	All of the rooms are suites here and they are tastefully decorated with rich colors, fabrics and amenities. The suite was SO nice, I really didn't want to leave my room except for the phenomenal restaurants and casino and the fabulous spa. I've been here for both business and pleasure. The only complaint is that the cocktails are a bit expensive.	
Jul 23 2009 	Nice but>>>>	The rooms were very nice, Large bath room with seperate toilet area, Huge bed, seperate sunken Living room. Very nice but.Maid service a little slack. We arrived on Friday and hit the Casino. End od the night were carried our drinks upstairs. When we checked out on Wednesday, the glasses were still there.We and multiple issues with the Room keys not working, our door had to be slammed to get it to lock, we informed housekeeping about the issue. we came back to the room to find our door opened. took 2 days to get fixed. The maids left carts of dirty room service in the hallways for hours.Spa/gym is private and the charge 40.00 a day to use the facilities. Expect to pay over 50.00 for a meal for 2.Casino, is very nice, Staff is rude, Casino host are difficult to deal with. Table playsers please do no expect much comps. I played for Tables 4 days and had $75.00 comped, My wife played Tables and Slots for the same time and recieved $0.In todays times, there are much, much better places to stay.	
Jul 23 2009 	Loved it!!!!	Me and my BFF stayed at Palazzo July 8 untill 12th and absolutely LOVED it!!! The staff is EXCEPTIONAL!!! They seriously treat you like a queen there!! Hotel lobby smells.... AMAZING!! It could be a little strong at the times but not too strong to make you feel dizzy! And it kills the smell of the smoke! CASINO:We're not much of gamblers but we did play slots a little bit. To be honest, we only played at the Venetian Casino (which is on the same property) because i found the Palazzo casino a little bit too small. Servers took a while to serve at times but they're all were friendly and nice.SUITE:Ok, we did NOT expect our standard room to be a Luxury Suite! It was... unbelievable!!! I am pretty sure we underpaid for it! haha! I mean it was HUGE! And we got this amazing view of the Wynn Golf Course and the desert mountains. We've been to the roof top suites at the Venetian and they weren't too different from ours (except they had the view of the strip which they paid WAY more than we did and it wasn't even that appealing) POOL:We checked out Azure at Palazzo which is their exclusive adult pool and it was BEAUTIFUL! But... kind of empty (we went there on Thursday maybe that's why) and boring. So we hung out there for a bit and went back to Tao Beach (at Venetian) which is a bit more hyper for our taste. But, once again, Azure is such a work of art! It is perfect for couples and for people who just want to relax, sip on drinks and tan. CLUB: I cannot say anything about Lavo because we didn't have a chance to check it out. We were in Vegas for 4 nights so we wanted to hit the hot sports. I know that Lavo is owned by the same guys as Tao, so it should be pretty good. It looked alive every time we passed it. OVERALL: Palazzo is an excellent hotel with amazing staff, beautiful suites, great design and cool atmosphere! I would definately recommend it to everyone!! It is close to all the &quot;happening&quot; spots but at the same time it is not too crazy inside!	
Jul 23 2009 	It was exquisite! I absolutely recommend it to everyone!	The service, the room, the atmosphere, the amenities, the staff, the shops -- everything was absolutely perfect!	
Jul 22 2009 	Gorgeous hotel	Reasonable price for the luxurious suite I stayed in. Checking in and out was quickly. Perfect hotel near the AAPEX Show. The room was adorable, confortable, I felt like a queen! Perfection!!	
Jul 20 2009 	OMG -- I think I'm in heaven!	This was hands down the nicest hotel I've stayed in in the USA for less than $200 a night. This hotel was remarkable. LOCATION - Great -- right on the strip and only about a $30 cab fare from the airport. We walked everywhere and the monorail is close by about 2 hotels down.ROOM and SERVICE -- The suite was amazing. A huge bay window overlooking the strip on a high floor with 2 separate areas -- a formal step down sitting room with L shaped plush couch and dining room table and Flat screen TV... a gorgeously appointed King sized bed with Flat screen TV and an amazing bathroom with gigantic tub and a separate glass shower and enclosed toilet area -- oh, and a flat screen TV. Service was impeccable.AMENITIES -- Of course, this hotel has pretty much everything you could ever want or need including a decent casino credit package $50 and coupons for the restaurants. The one issue I had was that the gym was not part of the hotel -- it is a separately run Canyon Ranch spa which was absolutely gorgeous BUT paying $40 a workout is a bit steep for us.CASINO - very clean and upscale. We are not gamblers but enjoy walking through each of the casinos on the strip and this was one of the nicest ever.DOWNSIDE -- the only downside was that the Palazzo and Venetian pumps some potpourri smell -- very very heavy perfumey smell- throughout the hotel and rooms...it takes a while to get used to and then you forget it is there.Overall it was a wonderful stay -- we will be returning in December for our Christmas holiday. Vegas Baby!	
Jul 19 2009 	Beautiful hotel	We stayed at the Palazzo insted of the Venetian due to it's size. It's a much smaller hotel &amp; casino and therefore not so crowded. It was HEAVEN. Granted it was off-season, but the hotel was never wall to wall people. Everything is clean, organized and beautifully decorated. The rooms are identical to the Venetian, but newer. Highly recommend!!	
Jul 19 2009 	Great Visit	We stayed at the Palazzo for a long weekend, based on an offer from Club Grazie that included a free room. We stayed in their low-end suite, which is a total mis-nomer. The room was very spacious, very clean, and very nicely appointed. We dined at several of the restaurants at the Palazzo and Venetian, and all were excellent. Staff was friendly and helpful in all cases.We will be staying there again!	
Jul 18 2009 	Excellent stay!	Stayed here with a friend and was very impressed! We got upgraded to a suite and it was an excellent room. The hotel was very clean. Service was terrific. Location is perfect on the strip. Being connected to the Venetian is nice. The value is great as this place tends to be cheaper than some of the other high end luxury hotels in Vegas and in my opinion it is every bit as good as any of them. I highly recommend this hotel!!!	
Jul 18 2009 	Very nice indeed especially when you're not paying!	I had the pleasure of staying at the Palazzo in a Bella suite in May 2009 for our annual customer conference. This was my second trip to Vegas in 2 years and I was as excited as the first time even though I was on business. On arrival at check in (Sat at 6pm) I was greeted with a small queue but after 5 mins I was at the desk and got a complimentary upgrade to the 43rd floor (something the check in clerk said was worth $45 a night - yeah right). Luckily it was a comp. upgrade and I was not paying for room as I was on business!I walked the relatively short distance (in Vegas terms) to the lift - for the upper floors there was a batch of six elevators I believe and was quickly whisked to my floor, my ears popping on the way. The signage is a little tricky to work out which way to head on exiting the lift but I found my room at the end of the corridor and on opening the door was instantly impressed. The room was huge for little ole me! There were two beds covered in pillows and cushions and steps down to the lounge area. The bathroom was big, clean and very well equipped and I liked the separate toilet. My favourite bathroom feature was the vanity mirror which had about 5 light settings and was perfect for putting on my makeup.Being on the 43rd floor I did have a great view, Wynn/Encore towers to my right, Trump ahead and TI to the left. Good aerial view of the pool area too.I stayed 6 nights and my room was cleaned promptly each day and I had no issues with service at any point during my stay.We ate at Lavo, Dos Caminos and Canaletto during our stay and each time the food was great and very reasonable. The staff at Canaletto went out of their way to make us welcome and accommodate our table request.The rate during our stay was $289 and if I was paying out of my own pocket I would most defintely shop around for a deal and try and use a promo code.The Palazzo is a great hotel in a great location with easy access to the shops in the Wynn and the Grande Canal shops.I'm going back to Vegas in Feb 2010 and am seriously considering the Palazzo but also would consider Wynn/Encore or Bellagio - some more research and promo code hunting needed!	
Jul 17 2009	Loved the Palazzo!	Loved everything about the Palazzo...suite, the view, pools, atmosphere, hotel staff, casino, and being connected to the Venetian. Everything exceeded my expectations. I can't wait to go back!	
Jul 17 2009 	Fantastic hotel!! (longer review)	This was my fourth stay at the Palazzo and every trip has been absolutely amazing. The staff, cleanliness of the hotel, and the upscale adjacent shoppes make this one of my favorite hotels in the world. I have had 3 different room types on these trips, so here's a quick description of each of them;Sienna Suite:A 1300+ sq ft. room that was to die for. This suite had a master bath that was almost as large as a standard room at lesser properties! The seperate enclosed shower area was massive, and the extra jets coming from the wall for the back, legs, and feet were a nice touch. The tub was oversized, easily comfy for two, with whirlpool jets, and a TV within easy viewing area. Of course the main bathroom had a seperate WC as well for privacy. There was also a small half bath in the main room for guests. The walk-in closet in the master bedroom provided more than ample room for my enormous traveling wardrobe as well! There was also a smaller walk-in closet off the main room. This suite consists of a large entertaining area with small dining table, large living area with couches (which pull out into a bed if needed), work desk, and entertainment center. A small sink area could be used to serve drinks from as well when inviting guests back to your room. Off of this main room was a connecting door to the master bedroom. The master bedoom had tons of space, a chaise lounge and chairs by the windows, another entertainment center, and access to the master bath. Everything was tastefully decorated and amazing amounts of space, even for those like myself that tend to be heavy packers!Fortuna Suite:The Fortuna Suite was large and spacious, but did not offer the privacy of the Siena Suite for entertaing guests as it is one large, open room. The living room area was seperate from the bed, in the signature sunken living style of the Venetian, and the bed area was angled to not be 100% open, but don't expect to have somebody sleeping while you have company over with this room! This room had one large bathroom, but no extra jets in the shower or tub. The closet also afforded plenty of space for those that bring plenty of extra clothes when they travel! The sitting area of this room was larger than the standard suite and the couches were definitely more comfortable than a standard suite. Up near the bed area (but not in the sunken living room) there were also chairs, a table and ottoman to relax on (or hold my discarded clothes as I decided what to wear for the day in my case!).Standard Luxury Suite:Though this is their &quot;standard&quot; room it is still nothing to scoff at. Similiar in size/layout as the Venetian's rooms, I was still happy with this option as the price points are considerably lower. Sunken living room area, large bathroom with seperate WC, and enough closet space for two made this a wallet-friendly option.I game almost exclusively at the Palazzo/Venetian now as well as the perks for their Club Grazie members are definitely worth their while as well.I saw Phantom last summer at the Venetian and while it wasn't quite my thing (I just don't enjoy the story, but my friends had never seen it) it was definitely well done. The costumes were extremely well done, and the talent pool from this show was just great. For this most recent trip we saw Wayne Brady's show and it was also well worth it. Not quite what I was expecting (I was expecting more comedy a la Who's Line type stuff), it was still worth seeing and something I'd definitely recommend.I haven't had the chance to dine everywhere yet at the Palazzo, here are some quick highlights of what we did have a chance to experience. I will note that I am an exceptionally picky eater and difficult to please when it comes to food- so take that with a grain of salt.In Feb 2008 we dined at Morrel's, and while the food was acceptable, it was not up to what I was expecting. It was moderately priced though and the service was exceptional. I would not come back to this restaraunt, but have heard good things about it from other friends that have dined here.We also ate at CUT for the first time in June 2008, and again on this trip. This place has got to be my new favorite steakhouse...ever. The food is a bit pricey ($300+ for two with a bottle of wine, appetizers, and desserts), but I think you could be a bit more careful with what you ordered if price was a consideration for you. The service has been impeccable both times we have been here, and the American-style Kobe beef they served was simply the best steak I've ever had. I also had the cook make a garlic butter wine sauce for me that wasn't on the menu. Not only were they able to easily accommodate this request, but it was superb. Wine list was extensive, and a nice, calming atmosphere to dine in- a great get away from the normal hubub of normal Las Vegas dinner options. Also, you must try the pretzel bread when they bring around the bread tray!Last but not least, a quick note on the Canyon Ranch Spa- I have had a few treatments done here over the year, in the spa and the salon. While the treatments were nice, I have not ever had the &quot;WOW&quot; experience that I was hoping for. I believe you can get simliar service from many of the other lower priced options out there at other properties. I know my spa back home charges around half the price for most of these treatments, and the quality is similiar. I will say that I do enjoy the fact that you can continue to use the rest of the spa area for the rest of the day you have a treatment scheduled on (this is normal with most spas though), the locker room area and sauna/steamroom areas are quite nice and a great way to relax after you have a treatment done. I usually plan on spending 45 minutes here before I get anything done, and a good 2 hours or so relaxing afterwards, it is well worth the time spent.Definitely a top-notch hotel that treats it's customers right. I would recommend this property to anybody looking to be pampered and taken care of on their vacation!!	
Jul 16 2009 	Incredible hotel rooms...especially for the price.	Just returned from a 4-day stay at The Palazzo. We stayed at The Venetian (it's sister property) 3 years ago and loved it, so we wanted to try this newer hotel. We got a great rate of $129/night, and the rooms are incredible. Each room is a suite, complete with a bedroom and sitting room. Some of my favorite details about the suite: the comfy bed, the &quot;master light switch&quot; by the door that turns of all lights in the whole room, the switch on each side of the bed that turns of the above-bed lights, the remote control that opens both the drapes and roman shade, the three wall-mounted plasma televisions (bedroom, sitting room, and bathroom), and the dressing table in the bathroom. Turndown service is available, but only upon request. Same thing goes for their complimentary house slippers. The casino itself isn't my favorite, but the overall look of the property is top notch. I strongly, strongly recommend eating at Delmonico, which sits in the transition area between Palazzo and Venetian. It's quite expensive, but probably the best steak dinner we've ever had.	
Jul 16 2009 	Very Comfortable but far away from the action	I love this hotel but I was disappointed to find out how far away it is from everything else. I would wake up in the morning and walk and walk and walk to get to Venetian then Harrahs and so on. The room was beautiful, bed was comfortable, and bathroom was HUGE but I actually prefer Venetian over Palazzo because of the location. Pool at Palazzo was great, not too crowded for June, which was surprising! Overall we had a great time. We ate at Delmonicos and Grande Luxe Cafe, both of which were excellent. Casino at Palazzo was paying more than Venetian... but thats just luck I think!	
Jul 16 2009 	could be better...	This trip was mainly for my 84 year old mother in law. We booked 3 rooms, for an extended family, including two older teenagers (adults, but not 21 yet).It is a beautiful resort and the casino is very well laid out. The public rooms were not smoky and the high ceilings added to the open feeling. My complaints have to do with the quality of the service. My mother in law needed help in the slot machine area, but we could not find anyone for nearly 15 minutes. Several of the staff were rude when my adult but not 21 year old children walked through the casino (to get their grandmother for dinner, etc.). We had a mixup with our show reservations and the box office personnel were nice but would not fix it. The absolute worst was that our room was not cleaned once during a 3 night stay! The housecleaning staff would knock on the door at 9 or 10 am, while we were still sleeping (we learned to have the do not disturb sign after that). There was no sign to request service when we left at 11 or 12. When I called the front desk to ask about this, I was told that housekeeping ended at 5pm. I felt like they wanted to come by when they knew most Vegas visitors would be sleeping so they could say they checked but were off the hook for the rest of the day. In short: nice facilities, nice staff, but the service needs a lot of improvement.	
Jul 15 2009 	Paradise at the Palazzo	We spent a weekend at the palazzo in August 2008 and it was pure paradise. The reception staff were very welcoming and gave us a room on one of the top floors with a great view. The suite itself was amazing and included 3 tvs, huge bed, great lounge and luxurious bathroom. The customer service provided by the reception, restaurant and housekeeping staff was outstanding and free valet and parking was provided. There are several lovely pools outside where you can hire a cabana or sit in a lounge chair in the pool. The restaurants and bars downstairs had a great range of food and drinks and flawless service. The palazzo is also linked to the venetian which is a world in itself. I would definitely recommend trying to stay during the week as you can get a better price on rooms. Whatever you do make sure you visit the grand canyon via helicopter whilst in las vegas, its pretty expensive but it is unforgettable. Our stay at the palazzo was the best accommodation we have ever had and was a highlight of our U.S adventures.	
Jul 14 2009 	Beautiful	This hotel is beautiful ,clean I do not have any complaints we felt safe at all times even more when asked to show our room keys to access any of the elevators	
Jul 14 2009 	Very Nice	We stayed for 3 nights in the Palazzo. We were very impressed at the size of the room. There was plenty of space for our things and we didn't feel cramped at all. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. We did not have any noisy neighbors and couldn't hear through the walls. The TV in the bathroom was a little excessive, but it was nice to turn on while taking a shower in the morning. The front desk was helpful, but housekeeping was slow. It took them 40 minutes to bring towels to our room. The restaurants in the Palazzo are expensive as is the charge to use the hotel's Internet connection, but one of the cafes on the 2nd floor has free WiFi, which is much better. There is plenty of free parking and the hotel is in a good location. Overall, my husband and I enjoyed our stay and would come back.	
Jul 14 2009 	Excellent hotel and location on the Strip	This hotel was offering good deals on Expedia so it was a good time to try it out. Although the rooms are huge and wonderfully comfy, the only down side for me was the pool area. It was in shade until the afternoon and not enough space for the number of residents, plus there was no adult only pool or one that you could swim laps in. They have four pools but one was closed all the time I was there and that seemed to be the largest one!It's a great location because it's across the road from the Fashion Show Mall where you can buy half price tickets for shows on the day and there's a food court inside, and just along from a large Wallgreens, where you can buy any drinks and nibbles plus loads more without paying the hugely inflated hotel prices. I bought a wrap from inside the hotel and it cost £11!! The hotel is joined with the Venetian which is always nice to wander around and just across the road from the Mirage which has a very reasonable buffet and a fab NY deli too!If you get the chance go and see KA at the MGM, it just blew me away... fabulous!	
Jul 13 2009 	Palazzo-An Amazing and Gorgeous Resort Hotel	My husband and I received in the mail a comp offer for 4 nights free at the Palazzo. Being loyal to the Harrah's Rewards program for many many years, why not stay at another Vegas location. I cancelled our Rio reservations and booked the Palazzo. My husband and I had a great time at this resort. The casino floor is expansive, lots of machines for the avid slot player. We are heading back to the Palazzo on 7/26/09 to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary...yes we were married in Vegas 7/4/1969-Chapel of the Bells. I/we love Vegas. It is amazing to see how the city has developed over the years and we do encourge travelers to try Vegas, at least once and book the Palazzo.	
Jul 12 2009 	Incredibly beautiful room	I love this hotel - WOW absolutely gorgeous. I loved the rooms - so big - two huge beds - very spacious bath with separate tub and shower and flat screen - the family room area with the sectional sofa - flat screen for the family room and one for the bedroom - unbelievable! I love this place...this is spectacular and I am definitely going to stay there again next trip to Vegas which will be real soon :)	
Jul 12 2009 	Top Quality Hotel	The Palazzo is a top tier hotel and was a great choice for us. It is tastefully put together with first class amenities; yet, it is not pretentious or stuffy. The staff was always friendly and helpful. We booked an excellent internet offer at $109/night that made it too good to turn down. However, being incredibly hot in July, there were great hotel deals up and down the strip. Visiting just about every other hotel on the strip only reinforced the fact that we made the right decision. Encore/Wynn was next door and was probably the most comparable in luxury to the Palazzo. We also thought Mandalay Bay had a good vibe to it, although in our opinion, it is less conveniently located at the opposite end of the strip. We also liked Paris and of all the theme hotels, it was fun. Many people also like the Ballagio for its quality. The Palazzo lobby is impressive and the frangrance was actually an attractive amenity. While we heard some say differently, we preferred Palazzo over its sister resort, the Venetian. The two are connected via walkway by the Palazzo/Venetian shops. The Palazzo is newer than the Venetian and while Palazzo certainly has an Italian feel to it, it lacked the &quot;theme&quot; that Venetian and many of the other strip hotels have. Being one of the newest properties on the strip (maybe even the newest), the Palazzo was simply just a little nicer and a little better than even the other top tier hotels. After being up and down the strip several times during the trip, we preferred to be at the Palazzo end of the strip as opposed to the Luxor / Mandalay Bay end. The hotel is conveneniently located and within walking distance to most of the strip attractions. We walked a lot our first couple of days there. If you do not mind walking, you can certainly walk as far down as Paris and back one without any problem. You may not want to do it every day though, so the the Deuce (public transportation bus going up and down the strip) is a good reasonably priced alternative. It was $3 per person per ride or $7 for 24 pass. The Deuce will take you from one end of the strip to the other (and even downtown) and appeared to be a better more convenient alternative to walking, cab, and even the monorail. The casino was always busy and had a layout that we enjoyed. The games were spaced out nicely and not stacked up against each. Other casinos may have been bigger with more tables and slots, but we found Palazzo to be just the right size. It has a more intimate and personable feel that we prefered over the other casinos. While Palazzo is certainly not a boutique hotel, it seemed more welcoming and less overwhelming than other hotels without sacrificing quality or amenities We are not big gamblers (we gambled just a little each day) so our impression is based more upon atmosphere and ambiance than quantity and numbers. Bigger gamblers looking for casinos with masses of people and the excitement of numbers may enjoy the bigger casinos. What gambling we did do, we enjoyed doing in a more relaxed location. However, table minimums were higher at the Palazzo than many other hotels. Even though the ambiance was nicer at Palazzo, it was also fun to venture off the property every so often to play lower minimum tables at other casinos. Something has to pay for the ambiance at Palazzo, Wynn, and Bellagio, and it does not come from $5 Blackjack minimums. We ate at three restaurants on site. Grand Lux Cafe and First Food &amp; Bar were both excellent and we would recommend both. Eneteco San Marco was not very good, and we would recommend avoiding it if at all possible. Jersey Boys was a good show at the Palazzo and is recommended. The standard rooms were probably one of the nicest, if not the nicest, of any standard room we have stayed at over the years. Being a newer property, everything was in great shape and tastefully decorated. There was plenty of room and three TV's. The bathrooms and showers were excellent. We were on the 20th floor with a great view of the strip and Treasure Island. The only negative comment for the room is that we could not seem to get the room cold enough at night. We usually like to cool the room down to a comfortable temperature before going to bed. While it would get somewhat cooler, it never really got cold in the room. It may have just been our room or it may have been due to the fact that we were there in July. In any event, it did not bother us enough to complain, just enough to wake up slightly uncomfortable a few nights. Overall, I do not think that you will find a nicer property while in Vegas. It was perfect for us and if we ever go back to Vegas, we would definitely return.	
Jul 12 2009 	Superb	I cannot fault this hotel nor the service. The suite was enormous with 3 flat-screen TVs, business area, family TV viewing area, 2 Queen size beds. Twinned with the Venetian so you have access to all that hotel's amenities such as the beautiful pool and the best tourist poker playing tables in town. Very polite staff who make you welcome and special. Perfectly located bang in the middle of Vegas and in walking distance of all the other top hotels like the Bellagio and Wynn.Money is the elixir of Vegas - everyone's looking to make a dollar out of you so you need to be wary of emptying your own pockets and filling someone else's. Even just eating is expensive unless you go to Downtown or the rougher areas off the strip.A great holiday though and would certainly return to this excellent hotel.	
Jul 11 2009 	Fortuna Suite at Palazzo 940 sq ft	This was my 5th stay this year. I upgraded from a Bella to a Fortuna suite for an extra $75 a night. I was told at check in that there are only 4 smoking Fortunas in the entire hotel (out of 3000 suites) and they tend to always be reserved. My suite was on the 9th floor, #808, close to the elevators and ice machine room.The extra 220 sq ft seems like 500 extra the way the suite is laid out. They move the work desk to the back of the suite behind the bed and include a walk in closet that is 3 times larger than an ordinary Lux or Bella. The bathroom is the same as the Lux and Bella. There is a sitting area added in the middle of the suite. The suite has the same number of TVs and other amenities as the smaller suites.The suite overlooks the pool area and has a great view of Treasure Island. This a good upgrade for a couple who are staying multiple nights and like to spread out or for a couple that wants a little extra elbow room.I'll upload several pics to give you an idea of the suite's layout. Sorry the quality isn't better.	
Jul 9 2009 	Top Tier Vegas Hotel and Casino	Stayed in a suite on 49th floor of this 50 story hotel/casino resort. Best Vegas property I have stayed at in past ten years.Room highlights: Spacious suite overall, great bed, 2 flat screen tvs plus a small one in bathroom. remote blinds, everything you would expect from a top quality resort hotel. Killer view of strip and mountains surrounding Vegas. Only drawback was no fridge in room, only a minibar.Service: all staff from housekeeping, front desk to casino floor people were top notch and super courteous. Invited guest front desk people were particular helpful. Guest services would follow up on your requests.Pools: Awesome pool set up, several to choose from, easy access from hotel. Went to Tao Beach, very cool private set up, little bit of attitude from door people who are not associated with hotel, but overall positive experience.Casino: This is one of the most navigable casinos on the strip, great layout. This is a fabulous casino in every respect.We did not dine or shop at the Palazzo. Even if you don't stay at this property, you should make an effort to stop by and take in the common areas, exceptionally well done.	
Jul 8 2009 	Horrible stay Horrible service Horrible accomodations	This was the worst trip I have ever taken. First, if you have checked this place out, you know that it is one of the expensive, upscale places in Vegas. I had asked for and recieved an early checkin for 12 noon. On the day I arrived, my family and I sat in the lobby waiting for the room for 2 hours. The desk and manager were totally uncaring, unapologetic, and fairly rude and snooty when this problem was mentioned. All they could say was &quot;I am sorry you feel that way&quot;. No customer service AT ALL! Finally we got the keys to the room. When we got to the floor of our suite, the strong smell of urine assaulted my nose, and it smelled that way in the elevator lobby and hallways for the entire week I stayed. The room smelled like a converted smokers room, but otherwise seemed to be ok. The problems with the room were 1. The air conditioner would not cool the room and it got extremely hot at night. 2. High speed internet was 1Mpbs. No joke, dial up is faster! Well, that is when we could actually connect..... 3. The lighting in the bathroom is extremely dark. 4. Give some towels for use!!!. It was horribly snobbish, the drinks are expensive (1 pina colada 1 rum and coke $28 dollars), the food is expensive and not good, (go to the carnival buffet in the Rio!) The only saving grace is the Walgreens built into the Venetion/Palazzo hotel (snacks, and cases of water).	
Jul 8 2009 	I thought it was great	I do not know what the previous person is talking about. I found this hotel to be great down from the rooms. Yes the service could use some improvement as they were not too willing to help out someone who had purchased a fortuna suite but we did not have anything wrong to fix so I think it was fine. The room was not only very large but also very nice and I have travelled all over the world and found our room to be one of the nicer ones I have stayed in. I would say for the price right now you can't be the deal. Oh we also had a view of the strip which even made it nicer. I would stay at this hotel again but only for the price. While I found everything about the hotel to be great I don't feel I would spend 300 dollars a night to stay there at the same time. If you are looking for spacious very nice rooms I would say stay here.	
Jul 7 2009 	I loved this place!!	The Good.....1. The place was beautiful2. Free with casino offer 3. The bathtub had a place to put my arms so that I wouldn't slip. It also had a bath mat and came with bath gel so that I could have a bubble bath 4. The bathroom had a small television (that I could not see from the above bubble bath)4. The employees were very kind and helpful5. The room was large and beautiful (I didn't think we needed this much space, but we really did use it all)6. Beautiful view of the golf course7. Very organized valet center8. Restaurants9. Attached to Venetian10. The pictures on all 3 tvs had great pictures on them.The Bad.....1. NothingI think that we have found our new Vegas home. I loved everything about this hotel and hope that we continue to receive offers. This is the first hotel in Vegas that I will happily pay to stay in.	
Jul 6 2009 	Worst hotel ever!!!	This was the worst vacation of my life. When we got off on our floor to go to our room it smelled like urine. When we complained all they would say is &quot;I am sorry you feel that way&quot;You know it's bad when they keep calling you Mr. and you have a very high female voice.The front desk was rude, if we had an issue they wouldn't try to resolve the issue. The room was just ok. The pools were just pools, there are many other hotels in Vegas with much better rooms and pools. There was no quick easy food, it was all sit down fancy restaurants. If you wanted something fast you would have to walk miles. There is a food court at the Venetian but the food is over priced and gross. I would not suggest that anyone ever stays at this hotel.	
Jul 6 2009 	Wonderful hotel / terrible service	Our room was great -- their mid-level suite. Spacious, comfortable, views, ... But we wasted way too much time trying to get service issues fixed.We arrived Wed night, hot and tired after airline delays, but couldn’t shower because the shower was broken – the shower head flopped all over and sprayed water everywhere. We went out for a drink and asked the front desk to have the shower fixed. We got up the next morning to shower but couldn't because the problem hadn't been fixed. When we called, we were told that the technician couldn’t find anything wrong with the shower door – they implied that I told them the problem was with the shower door – well, there are no shower doors, just shower curtains. We were told that we on the maintenance but they couldn’t tell us when we’d get the shower fixed. So, we were stuck in the room indefinitely (we really had to shower) until a technician finally came.The room also had no robes or towels but those were brought promptly when we called. However, the next day, they took the towels from the bathroom and left us 1 towel for the 2 of us. We tried calling the front desk but no answer after waiting on hold 45 minutes. Couldn't ask at the desk because the check-in lines were too long.After wasting time searching the very large suite for a list of minibar prices, we called to request one. They told us the prices were in the book with the room service listings but they weren't. Called again and they promised to send up one up but didn't. Went to the front desk and were rudely told the listing is in the minibar. Gave up after that.	
Jul 3 2009 	I Tried to Like It	I have traveled numerous times to Las Vegas but never before tried staying at the Palazzo. I’ve always stayed with my favorite: the Wynn Tower and Encore Tower Suites. Well, this time I figure I would at least try one night at the Palazzo. After the taxi pulled up to the driveway, the car was stopped by two uniformed guards. It was sorta strange but they let us pass without any problems. Not exactly sure who or what they were looking for but it seemed a little unnecessary. I think it’s to make guests FEEL a little bit safer by having extra security up front. The valet area has a beautiful fountain up front but as soon as we walked past the second set of doors we were actually floored, in a very bad way. There were throngs of tourists and bystanders sitting on the floors, on the planters, on their luggage all around the lobby. And then, we saw the infamous zigzagging checkin line. Was this the “fair” alternative to everyones gripes about self-selected lines at Wynn, Encore, and Bellagio?? Everyone was corralled into one main checkin line like cattle back home in Texas. Not exactly the most welcoming site but we made the most of the situation and stood in line like everyone else. (This was 5:00 pm Sunday, and yes even the VIP/Invited Guests desks had long lines too) After 45 mins in line, we were finally checked in without any hassles. When they formed the lines, they forgot to make exits. People were shoved and rolled over by heavy suitcases as they tried to leave the registration area. Hmmm. The hallways to the rooms have some of the worst signage of any hotel I have ever stayed at. I thought finding my room was awful, I had a horrible time finding my way back to the elevators! At first glance the room was very spacious and decorated in very nice soothing cool colors. But then I took a closer look. The cushions on the couch were very worn, deflated and needed some fluffing or replacing. The drawers at the desk did not slide on rails and couldn’t be closed. The bathroom was missing shampoo and conditioner. The automatic drapes sounded like a freight train plowing through the room. Sigh. Not a deal breaker but I was hoping for more. We did dine one morning at Dal Toro Ristorante. Reasonably priced but probably the worst Bellinis and Bloody Marys (I’ve had better on airplanes and that’s not saying much) and mediocre Eggs Benedict: slab of untoasted french bread, poached egg, with lukewarm GRAVY??? Needless to say we left quickly. This was our last night in Vegas so we wanted a 12:00 pm checkout instead of the standard 11:00 am. We were told to call back in the morning as they do not process late checkouts the evening prior. Ok. We called at 10 am and after a long pause the response felt like we were given a huge favor because of a 1 hour later checkout. Ok. We did not stay much at the Palazzo. It was just missing.... something. I couldn’t quite put my finger on it but it didn’t have the same energy or vibe as the Wynn or Encore. I think alot of it has to do with the lack of sunlight and alot of compact flourescent lighting. I also notice they played the exact same music throughout as the Wynn/Encore. I know because I bought the CD at the Wynn. Fishy. I tried to come to the Palazzo with an open mind. I tried to like it but felt mixed about the entire experience. I’m glad I did stay at the Palazzo to reinforce why I love the Encore and Wynn so much better.	
Jul 2 2009 	Beautiful hotel; crummy housekeeping	We spent 3 nights at the Palazzo to attend a friends wedding. My husband and I travelled with my 18 year old son and his best friend. We had a conciege package that included breakfast, afternoon appetizers with cocktails, and a dessert bar. Our room was awesome, we could spread out, service was friendly, hotel location was excellent. I had an 80 nmin massage and the entire spa area and experience was wonderful. The huge dissappointment was that the room was dirty when we arrive. From a distance the sticky stains of the previous occupants drinks were visible on several counter tops. toilet paper rolls where nicely folded as though the area was clean, however the toilet wasn't flushed. We flushed the toilet, wiped down the surfaces with a wash rag and didn't focus on it. the next 2 days our room wasn't cleaned until we requested it to be (after 5 pm). We (as well as others on the floor) had taken to set trash and empty plates outside our door, and even then days went by without anyone picking anything up. Final straw was the wake up calls both mornings we didn't recieve them. (yes I travel frequently and do know how to set them up) - on the second day I called the front desk to verify it was set up - still no call. When we checked out I mentioned it to the front desk where we were always treated warmly, and was told, &quot;yes, that is too bad, others have complained about the samething.	
Jun 30 2009	It's called 'The Palace' for a reason!	I travel to Las Vegas once a year with my fiance- this time, I had my father and my two younger siblings (all first timers) in tow. We spent 3 nights at Palazzo to celebrate my younger brother's 21st birthday. I am very picky when it comes to my travel plans and the places I stay, so I did quite a bit of research to be sure they would have the first time LV experience they deserved. Prior to booking at Palazzo, we had reservations at Bellagio and Encore, but I found a great code for Palazzo and decided to give it a try. Palazzo came through and then some!When we arrived, my family became kids in a candy store. They were very impressed with the grandeur of the lobby and the overall beauty of the hotel. This is what I've come to expect from Vegas - everything is over the top - but the Palazzo is quite beautiful. There is a distinct smell that many posters mention. None of us were offended by it and it's fairly subtle, but it is sweet and perfumy. No noticeable smokiness in the lobby, casino or any other public area. Derrick checked me in and when he heard we were celebrating, he was kind enough to offer me two rooms on the 48th floor, one of which had an amazing view of the Strip. The other had a very nice view of the Wynn hotel, pool and golf course. The rooms are amazing, from the comfortable beds to the stellar views, the bathrooms, the sitting area, the flat screens to the remote controlled shades. My brother felt like a king for his 3-day birthday celebration, just as I had intended it. I could barely pull him away from his iphone- he kept posting pictures of the room on his Facebook page for his friends to see! (I think that means I did a good job. ;) ) For the price you pay, I don't think Palazzo can be beat. I spent more time in the room than I ever have in the past, I enjoyed it so much!The pool area is large and separated into a number of smaller pools. I noticed that the kids/families tended to congregate in the first pool you walk past. We walked further off to the left hand side and found it to be much quieter. Throughout the morning, staff came by with complmentary ice cold towels and oranges, a great touch. Beverage service was plentiful. We didn't try Azure; I don't know how much they were charging and it looked empty. Their regular pool area is great as-is. I can't comment on any of the restaurants in Palazzo, though I did enjoy the fact that Venetian is connected and that we were able to get some quick meals there. I also don't gamble much, but I did sign up for a Club Grazie card to redeem the $50 slot credit that came with the room package. When he looked over my license, the staff member who registered me for Club Grazie mentioned we had the same birthday and gave me an extra $10 credit on my card. It's these unexpected things that make the service at Palazzo so great. My only complaint about Palazzo was that our room was showing a little bit of wear- one of the mirrored frames was cracked and there were some dents and scratches on the wall. I hardly noticed; I was too busy staring out our floor to ceiling windows at the lights of the Strip down below. I WILL stay at Palazzo on my next Vegas trip. Amazing hotel.	
Jun 29 2009 	My new home in Las Vegas	I traveled here with my family between last Sunday, returning this Saturday.I discovered Las Vegas in 1995, and have been coming back every year. As things change, I've stayed at various hotels, beginning with the Excalibur, then Treasure Island (where my wife and I arranged our first meeting), then the MGM, then Caesars, then the Paris, then back to the MGM, then the Bellagio, and now the Palazzo. The Bellagio and the Palazzo and the Wynn are the only hotels I'd describe as &quot;luxury&quot; any more, and the Palazzo has the best deal going.Just for signing up with the Pallazo's &quot;Club Grazie&quot; I began getting invitations as recently as last fall to slot tournaments (with a 3 night free room) and increasingly more offers of 2-4 nights at a time with free rooms in the mail. This last trip we stayed for 6 nights with my wife and 4 year old son, all for free. How? By (1) booking one of those 4-night mailer offers, then (2) talking to a Club Grazie host and finding out I could use my Club Grazie points for an extra 2 free nights in the same room (or should I say suite, at 720 sq. ft.) for 3,000 points per night. I began with 16,400 points, had 6,000 points deducted, and left with 24,500 points. Not only that, but because we gambled there every day, the hotel picked up all our charges, and I do mean all - even tips and movies - for the first four days of our stay, a nice little bonus worth at least $800.00.We spent time every day at their pools which are all child friendly, with ample space for little ones to walk around and swim in shallow water. Our son loved it. There are a lot of families with children here (more than I've seen elsewhere in Vegas) and speaking of people, we visited a number of our favorite places on this trip and the Palazzo was the only one that was really full of people on the casino floor every night. Word is obviously getting around about this place. It has something for everyone.I gave a brief review of this hotel about a month ago, and it still holds true. The only negative experience we had was with one housekeeper who kind of sneered at my wife when she asked her to clean the room between 4pm and 7 pm (and then failed to clean it) last Monday. None of the other maids gave us any trouble at all.BTW, if you're into slots, this place has all the most modern games in town. And people were playing them every night.I can't say enough about the Palazzo - it seems they picked up the best of Vegas on every level and then improved on it all.	
Jun 27 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	My family and I stayed at the Palazzo Hotel on June 22-24. The hotel is really beautiful and amazing. Every employee we encountered smiled and said hello.   The room (all suites) has a sunken living room with a pull out sleeper couch, curtain is operated on a remote, large bathroom with a tub, separate shower and toilet has its own enclosed area. The only thing I did not like is the décor, it’s not really for me. House keeping did very well in cleaning the room.   The pool area has several (medium-small) pools. Water dispensers are located everywhere. But that’s about it, it does not have a WOW factor. Don’t get me wrong, it’s beautiful, clean and very relaxed atmosphere.  The lobby and atrium is (décor always changes) very beautiful and WOW! But it seems to have a very weird smell this time. My wife did not like the smell and got her dizzy (that’s why we checked out early and went across the street to the Mirage). It almost smells like a restroom.  The casino did not smell very smokey, like most casinos. A lot of shops ( with the Venetian) without having to live the building. The Palazzo and the Venetian are connected, across the street is the Wynn, Fashion Show Mall, Treasure Island, very close by is the Mirage, Caesar’s Place, Harrah’s and Imperial Place. All of these hotels are centrally located on the strip.  Overall we enjoyed our stay at the Palazzo. Just wish they didn’t use any type of fragrance in their hotel.	
Jun 26 2009 	Great Value at a classy resort	SHUTTLE SERVICE TO THE AIRPORTWe took the shuttle service for the Palazzo (I believe it is called Executive Coach and Carriage) for $6 each. We had to listen to a time-share pitch on the ride, which wouldn’t have been so bad if the guy would have had some interest. It was just hard to watch this guy not get anyone to take him up on his tour with a large captive audience. Just made me feel bad, kind of like when you hear someone singing badly at a Karaoke Bar.ROOM NOTESWe were only on the 11th floor, non-strip side, but with the 1200+ square foot suite was still a thrill for us even if it was on Mars. Some of the general thoughts on the room.- There was some wear and tear on the furniture and fixtures, but nothing that took away  from a great, relaxing atmosphere.- The beds were amazing!! Pillows were soft and came in two sizes.- The bathroom is bigger then my roommate’s bedroom. Huge walk-in shower, large  Jacuzzi tub, and duel sinks for each of our shower supplies and toiletries.- There was a second ½ bathroom of the living room.- 3 TVs were all great to have. I thought it may be overkill to have so many, but I was  amazed how nice it was to have them all.- Our windows were dirty on the outside and had bird poo on them. Our view wasn’t that  great, but we could see the golf course at Wynn/Encore from a low angle and the  mountains in the background.- The remote control shades and blinds came in handy in the morning when I was  trying to get us up out of bed.- The bathrobes were nice, but as I’ve read on TA before, they were a little scratchy.- Housekeeping was great. We never received turndown service, but we didn’t request  it either. Plenty of towels were always left, beds always impeccable. My GF was in  there once with them as they were cleaning and they had a great conversation about  Las Vegas.CONCIERGE SERVICESI recommend email them before your trip as all I had to do was tell her in one email all the places I wanted to eat and at one time. She made it all happen and even created an itinerary for us. I was sure to drop an envelope off for her at the Concierge desk as a tip for her trouble.GENERAL NOTES ON THE PALAZZOI found this property to be exactly what I was looking for. Everyone was friendly, atmosphere was classy, and accommodations were just what I was looking for in a vacation with the GF. The Shoppes at the Palazzo and Venetian’s Grande Canal were both filled with nice shops, most out of our price range. GC has the whole Venice theme going for it which is kind of fun if you happen upon it while walking through. I’m not sure I’d go out of my way to watch a choir show or stilt walkers out of personal preference, but I could see what some people get a kick out of walking through and taking it all in. There are some happy hour specials being offered at some places you wouldn’t expect. I saw chalkboard drink specials at Table 10, Delmonico, one or two of Mario’s places, and the best one, Sushisamba. Most places offered ½ price drinks, cheaper app prices, a few listed beers or wines on special, but this is a great way to get a taste of some great food without having to commit to a $50-$100 meal.The Palazzo scent/smell is definitely apparent every time you walk off the elevators or in from outside. It didn’t bother me at all and it definitely did the trick to hide the smoke from the casino. It did not affect our stay and was not present in the room what-so-ever.The ever-so-popular Walgreens is a normal Walgreens, with a bunch of souvenirs. Prices were a little higher than the one I frequent in Boston, but nothing too outrageous. We loved our stay at the Palazzo and found the property’s restaurants and bars to be its biggest assets. PALAZZO POOLS If you hit the pools in the morning, the main pool at the Palazzo is not in the sun yet. There have been many posts/comments on this on TA and it is true. If you are looking to catch a tan, you should head towards the Venetian, where the sun seems to be out all day long.The only big difference between the pool areas was that the Palazzo’s seemed to have better drink service and a more relaxed atmosphere. The lounges had more padding on the Venetian side, but it they are brown so grab an extra towel to lay out on it because those things get hot.FRIDAY MORNING, CHECK-OUT AND CLUB GRAZIEI woke up and took my laptop to the free WIFI hotspot on the second floor of the Shoppes near the guest elevator. It was outside a coffee shop. After I did the online check-in thing for that evening’s red-eye back to Boston, I went back up to the room to pack with GF.Check-out was seamless, just like most of the other experiences we had with the Palazzo. The only thing for some people to notice is that the hold they put on my cc at the beginning of the trip didn’t come off until nearly four days after check-out. They said 24-48 hours at checkout. This was no big deal, but wanted to share.Another thing to note to people who book via a third party like Travelocity or Orbitz. The address they list you as when you arrive is not actually your address, but the address of the company you booked through. It would be a good idea to straighten it out at check-in just to avoid any unforeseen consequences.We stashed our bags with the Palazzo luggage crew down in the lower lobby next to the cab bay. Most hotels have baggage systems and will gladly hold bags for guests if you get their early enough and they have enough spare capacity.Club Grazie gave GF and I each $15 for starting accounts, plus we had a $50 slot credit from our room package on Travelocity. Also, clarify your address with CG too, as anyone, not just guests can be CG members so they have two different systems. I have already received offers for some pretty cheap rates from the Palazzo/Club Grazie (one this week was $109 a weeknight, $159 weekend night) and I’ve only been home for a week. Overall, we stayed here because we got a really great rate on Travelocity, but we lucked out on getting upgraded during check-in which is why we were staying in such a great room. I felt very comfortable everywhere and it is a nice place to call homebase. Other properties have more lively attractions, but having a nice, calming place to come back to was great.	
Jun 25 2009 	One of the Best Hotels in the World...	Palazzo is one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed at in the entire world. Rooms are out of this world amazing: sunken living rooms, marble baths, marble showers, jacuzzi bath tubs, amazing window views. Pool outside is awesome. The Spa is also pretty nice. Palazzo does rock some of the rock n' roll party atmosphere you find at other resorts like Ceasars and Palms. Is kinda quiet at nights. Limited middle class restaraunt choices - most are high end. But if you're looking for a great hotel - and don't need the over the top Vegas party atmosphere, Palazzo is wise choice.	
Jun 25 2009 	A fabulous hotel in Las Vegas!	The Palazzo was the best hotel I've ever stayed at in Las Vegas. From the staff, the restaurants, the pool, the amazing room, Wow is all I can say. The location is great, especially if you like to shop. It is right across the street from the Fashion Mall. I will definitely stay there again next year!	
Jun 20 2009 	Best hotel in Vegas?	Ive stayed at the Palazzo 3 times in the past year. I like it more each time. The rooms are probably the best on the strip, easily as nice as the Bellagio.The shops and restaurant selection are excellent. The conference facilities are great.The rooms are MUCH better than the adjoining Venetian.Plenty of things to do for just about anyone.	
Jun 20 2009 	Best of Vegas	My favorite hotel in Vegas! All suite hotel. The rooms are beautiful, luxurious, rich and warm. Bathrooms are quite large with shower and tub plus TV. Three over all TVs in room. The hotel, casino and restaurants are wonderful. Staff will take care of you. My second time staying at the Palazzo and will definitely go back. A bit pricey but you can find deals. Spa was great but busy. Has several pools but very croweded so get there early.	
Jun 17 2009 	Fabulous!	My husband and I stayed at the Palazzo this past weekend along with our extended family. We had 4 rooms in total. In the past, we've stayed at a variety of places such as Bellagio, Signature, TheHotel, etc. The Palazzo was fantastic! When you walk in, it's just a beautiful lobby, very elegant and grand. The suite was wonderful, large and well appointed. We were on the 8th floor so not much of a view but we didn't care. We spent a lot of time in the casino which is smaller than some of the other casinos we've been to. I worked out at the Canyon Ranch gym one morning and wish I had more time to spend there. I've had massages in the past and it's an amazing spa.We loved the Asian restaurant, Zine, and ate there twice! For a celebratory dinner, our entire family ate at Lavo. The food was delicious! I had a rigatoni with sausage and my husband had a bone-in rib eye.One negative was on their service which happened to my sister-in-laws. They stayed on a different floor and around midnight one night a huge fight broke out in the hallway. Security was quick to stop the fight. However, blood was splattered in the hallway and on their doors. Towards the end of the next day, the blood splatters were still not removed (which was a huge health hazard) and after numerous calls, my sister-in-law went downstairs to talk to one of the managers. The manager was very defensive and claimed that they spent 6 hours cleaning it and had a &quot;specialist&quot; examine the area. Well, my sister-in-law, father-in-law and my husband are all doctors so the &quot;specialist&quot; excuse did not fly with them. Anyway, the situation got taken care of but it took forever and the manager was quite rude.Overall, we had a great experience at the Palazzo but if you get blood splattered on your door, be persistent to get that resolved!	
Jun 17 2009 	Second Wonderful Palazzo Vacation !	For the second year in a row, my wife and I spent a magnificent week at the Palazzo. At check-in, I merely asked for a suite with a nice view and we got a beautiful suite on the 36th floor with views of the strip, Wynn Hotel, and the Wynn golf course. We loved the three plasma TV's, the comfortable living room, and the incredible king-sized bed. We dined at the gourmet restaurants in Palazzo and Venetian and charged everything to our suite, thus accumulating a lot of points on my Grazie card (for casino comps).My only complaint this time was that our room was not made up on two occasions, and I had to call the Housekeeping Department. However, when we came back from our dinners, everything was completed, the beds were turned down, and a nice box of chocolates was on the pillow. The Palazzo remains the best and classiest hotel in Las Vegas, and we plan to return again next year.	
Jun 17 2009 	A luxury hotel that has a casino in it rather than the reverse	In the past 6 months I have stayed at the Wynn, THEhotel at Mandalay, and the Palazzo, and in the past few years at several other hotels on the Strip including Caesar's and MGM, Luxor and Treasure Island, and I am now prepared to crown the Palazzo as the king among them. I had stayed here previously shortly after it opened and liked it, but I believe they were still working out the kinks. The Palazzo has now hit its stride and I believe this is due to their clear focuson the hotel side of their business, in stark contrast to many hotels on the strip where the rest of the hotel seems to take a back seat to, and/or be designed to drive you towards the casino. My most recent stay was a real pleasure, starting with check-in. We were coming from THEhotel, so showed up quite early. We were greeted in the short line-up (surprising as I thought it would be huge due to people checking out, but the Palazzo wisely has separate lines for both check-in and check-out, as well as an in-room checkout system that actually works) by a &quot;greeter&quot;, who chatted with us while we waited and then walked us to the check-in desk. A nice touch (and the first of many).Not only was our room ready, but we were upgraded to one of the Sienna suites. This thing was among the nicest rooms we have ever stayed in and at over 1200 square feet might be the largest. Super clean, super classy. 3 flatscreens, and every other amenity you could want or need, including your own fax machine and multi-jet shower. If you ever get the chance to stay in one of these rooms you should take it - even at their current full price it would cost less than the comparable suite we stayed at in Hawaii last year.The hotel pools are also fantastic, and we never had a problem getting a spot. More nice touches - they bring around cold towels, ice water and orange slices for you during the day, in addition to regular rounds by the wait staff. My only minor complaint with the pool is that due to the orientation of the hotel, the sun doesn't make it around the building until around noon. However, in the depths of summer and 100+ degree temperatures this is probably not the worst thing in the world.The rest of the hotel is also top notch. The casino is on the smaller side but there always seemed to be room at the tables, and there were a wide range of table limits. The soaring ceilings in the casino and throughout the main level also made for a relatively smoke-free experience and really added to the ambience. We ate almost all of our meals on-site or at the adjoining Venetian, which features a number of options from top-end celebrity chef restaurants to a food court - Carnevino, San Telmo and Del Toro were our favorites but we'd have to stay another week to have gone to them all. There is also some great on-site shopping with many unique shops, some of which were window-shop-only for us but still interesting to see. The sports book was also a great spot to watch a game.Finally, the location can't be beat. The Fashion Show Mall is kitty-corner, you've got every level of casino from Wynn and Caesar's to O'Shea's within a 5-10 minute walk, and its a short cab ride to the outlets and downtown.To sum up, as of right now there is no better place to stay in Vegas in my opinion. We shall see what 2010 and City Center brings...	
Jun 16 2009 	Incredible Amazing Beautiful	I was so surprised when I got there.The lobby and suites at marble all over the place.They had three TVs. One in the bathroom, one in the living room(which was separated by stairs), and the last one in the bedroom.The pool was fairly big and had a restaurant on the pool deck. The pool was on the 3rd floor.The hotel was connected to the shoppes at the Palazzo. And had a good location on the strip.I REALLY enjoyed my stay!	
Jun 16 2009 	1st class hotel but....???	Pros: Spacious room,3 TV sets,some staff are attentive,excellent lift,sexy server@bar,good security on way to lift,free valet parking,impressive bathroom.Cons: No coffee maker in room but has 3TV sets,old floor carpet,internet@$10/day,no slippers,no free bottled water,room service coffee@$13/pot+18% tip+$4 delivery fee + tax,reason for no coffee maker due to fire hazard [--]then take the iron as well,dust all over tables &amp; cabinets,printer w/out ink.	
Jun 16 2009 	My Fav Hotel in Vegas	This is the second time we stayed at the Palazzo and absolutely loved it. Our first stay in 2008 was amazing as well. We stayed in a concierge suite in 2008 but decided this time to stay in a regular suite. When we checked in, they were out of King bed suites so upgraded us to their Sienna suite which is bigger than my entire apartment. We had a separate powder room and even a gym room adjoining the bathroom with an eliptical!!! We had 3 rooms and they upgraded all 3! The front desk staff was very helpful and courteous whilst checking in and checking out. They were fully booked so the housekeeping was a bit disappointing. Even though we had scheduled turn down service they would not have done it on time. But that did not take anything away from our fabulous time. I would definitely stay here again and again.	
Jun 15 2009 	Seriously Disappointed	The Hotel looks Great on the outside, but as a hotel guest their service is totally terrible. We planned a bachelor party for a Friday and Saturday night. Palazzo seemed the right place to do it. Originally our plans were to check in at 3pm but we had a car issue and couldn't check in until 2am. Upon arriving at the hotel the lady at the check in desk says that since we didn't actually check in on Friday night we forfeited the $271 deposit. She proceeded in explaining that to stay we needed to play again for 2am Saturday Morning check in and Saturday night stay. We had to talk with the manager to smooth things out after he saw how upset we were with the BS the other lady was giving us. Things worked itself out and we had a great time after that. While in the room we moved a couple of items in the refrigerator by accident and upon checkout realized they charged us for them. We checked out at the registration desk and explained to them we didn't actually use any of the beverages in the mini-frig and the charges were dropped. However they charged us a $50 restocking fee. Unbefreakinlievable. I will never stay here again. I can lose money at a casino without ranting about the loss, cuz I know about gambling. But Palazzo are scam artists, becareful signing the terms and conditions cuz is a real gamble signing that before you read it. Spend 5 minutes if necessary to go over everything cuz in this day and age they'll nail you to the wall with your signature.	
Jun 13 2009 	Palazzo....my new favorite Las Vegas resort.	Just returned from a wonderful stay at the Palazzo. We chose the Palazzo because of an offer for 3 nights, comped at either Venetian or Palazzo,and since Palazzo is so new, we wanted to give it a try. This would be our first stay at either property. From the moment we stepped out of the taxi, we felt welcomed. We checked our bags with the bell desk, since it was early (10:30am) and didn’t think our room would be ready. Upon entering the hotel, we were greeted and shown to Invited Guest check-in. The check-in clerk was very pleasant, gave us an overview of the hotel, our offer and offered us our choice of a high or low floor. Our offer was for a Bella Suite, facing the strip, $150 slot credit and $50 food credit. We chose a high floor and were given the 48th floor, room 712. It had a perfect view of TI and Mirage. We were able to view both the Mirage Volcano show and the Siren’s show at TI. Although we were a little high up to see the Sirens very well, but I don’t think we missed anything. We had a beautiful view of the mountains beyond the hustle and bustle of the Strip. The check in clerk said he would send up or luggage and it arrived within 15 minutes.The room was everything we hoped for and just as beautiful as the pictures on the website. The room was not worn, nothing was broken and there wasn’t a moth to be found! Housekeeping did a great job, no complaints. The turn down service was nice, and we enjoyed the chocolates left on our pillows.We ate at the Grand Luxe restaurant after arriving at the resort. The pizza and salad we had was very good and very reasonably priced. Two mornings we ordered breakfast from room service. The person taking the order greeted me by name and was very helpful and pleasant. Our meal arrived in about 30 minutes each time. The server covered the dining table with a white tablecloth...very elegant. Now, it was kind of pricey, but very good (and hot) and it was nice to lounge around the beautiful suite in the morning, having our breakfast in front of the window with that wonderful view. The In Suite Dining Menu is listed on the Palazzo website if you want to check the prices. They do add tax, a service charge and 18% gratuity.There is a Walgreens on Las Vegas Blvd in front of the Palazzo. Had to pick up a few items we forgot to pack and could pick up bottled water a little cheaper than in the hotel. The Walgreens is also open 24 hours.We enjoyed the casino. It's a bit smaller that the Venetian and I like that. We play slots and there is a wide variety of fun machines. Probably would have had more fun if we'd won big, but had a great time anyway.The resort smells amazing, so clean and fresh. I mentioned that to a Palazzo employee and they told me I could buy a room spray with the same scent at the Palazzo store. So now I can spritz it and feel like I’m on vacation again!	
Jun 12 2009 	Top notch	I went out to Vegas with a friend for three days. Originally booked at the Hotel at Mandalay Bay, but my friend, a Vegas veteran, stayed at Mandalay Bay on his last trip and deemed it 'too far from the action&quot;. Checked out several hotels on TripAdvisor, and then checked out the deals each hotel was offering. When the dust cleared, we went with the Palazzo - little bigger rooms, little more free stuff in the package.Outside of check in, where the front desk clerk was forgot to give me my spa package and was a little short with about everything, I have nothing bad to say about the hotel.Housekeeping, which seemed to be a problem with some guests, was not in my instance - towels were replaced, the room was cleaned nightly. On top of that, the housekeeping staff was very friendly - there was not a single time a member of the staff did not smile and greet me. That rarely happens in any hotel.The rooms were outstanding. No stains on furniture, no signs of wear and tear. The bed was unbelievably comfortable. The view (36th floor overlooking the Strip) was excellent. The HVAC, the bathrooms...all exceeded expectations. I used the internet connection...wasn't overly happy about having to pay for it, but it was what it was. The two large flat screen TV's in the room was very nice. The bathroom TV was cool but I didn't use it.The casino floor isn't that big, but it's not far to the Venetian, and a short walk to the Mirage or TI. There is no poker room and a small, out of the way sports book. If you want either, walk through the concourse and shops and head to the Venetian. The casino staff was friendly, which, again, is generally rare.The Canyon Ranch Spa was pricey, but top-notch. The equipment was clean and well maintained. The staff was very friendly.The physical asset itself is very, very impressive. It's overboard, but nearly everything in Vegas is overboard. This is....tastefully overboard. Plus, the hotel/casino doesn't have a trace of a smoke smell. The place does have a scent, and I know some people don't like it. I didn't find it overpowering. Better that than smoke smell.Points to the hotel for having security by the elevators. The hallways in the hotel were quiet, and I think that has a lot to do with it.The hotel does a lot of the little things right, and that's what makes it outstanding. I stay in a lot of hotels, and I'm really fussy. In this case, I can't wait to go back and stay at the Palazzo.	
Jun 10 2009 	Gotta love 3 Flat Screens	Check-in was easy. Gotta a great rate and coupons with Expedia. Our $50 slot credit won us $19.50! Woo hoo. Loved the room. Really, really spacious. 1 TV in &quot;bedroom,&quot; 1 TV in living area and 1 in the bathroom. It's not center strip, but close enough to the hotels we hung out in: Bellagio, CP.You won't be disappointed. Dos Caminos restaurant was really good too. Try the Tortilla Soup!We also saw Blue Man Group which is right between the Palazzo and Venetian, which is nice b/c we just came downstairs for the show.Only complaint was that there was some hair in the tub.	
Jun 10 2009 	Really great in comfort location and price...	The only thing I did not like were the people at the front desk, everyone else was very helpful... The casino kind of sucks at the Palazzo, it is better to go to the nearby hotels, but the good thing is, your near everything and the rooms are probably one of the best in vegas.	
Jun 9 2009 	Loved our stay on the Concierge Level!	This was our third time staying at the Palazzo, and the second time on the Concierge Level. From the moment we checked in until the moment we left, we were treated like royalty. Check-in was no problem and there were no lines (concierge level check-in is separate from regular check-in though, so that could be why). Although our room wasn't ready (we arrived at 1pm), they called us within 45 minutes to tell us that it was ready. Also we ended up getting a strip view even though we hadn't even requested one (bonus!), so we had a view of the Sirens of TI show every night. Our room was on the 44th floor, so we really didn't hear the show at night, certainly not enough to be disturbed by it.The room was a standard suite, King bed, 3 TVS, very clean and spacious. I read some previous reviews that indicated housekeeping here was spotty--we did not have this experience. In fact, housekeeping came every morning like clockwork, it seemed--the room was cleaned by 1pm every day.I LOVE the amenities on the Concierge level but this is personal preference--depends on what you like to determine whether you think it's worth it. For me, I loved being able to get my coffee and some breakfast each morning without waiting in line at a coffee bar. Also, the open bar every night was great for us, as were the appetizers in the evenings--bacon-wrapped scallops, mini eggrolls, quiches, that type of thing. Also, we did not have to pay for ANY cocktails, as one reviewer experienced--and we ordered all kinds of things (margaritas, chocolate martinis, which were fabulous, by the way, and cosmos). We did, of course, tip the bartenders and servers though. For the extra $100 a night it costs (about) on the Concierge level, we definitely got our money's worth, but again, depends on what you like and whether you are going to be around the hotel enough to take advantage of it.All the staff was extremely pleasant, helpful, and most of the staff in the Concierge lounge called us by name by the second visit, which is a nice personal touch. The Club Grazie staff was also very nice and helpful.We spent a little time at the pool, there are several that you have access to as you share with the Venetian (I think maybe 8 or 9 pools total?). We had no problem finding chairs, but we did have to go to the bar to get drinks, cocktail service was a little slow. We didn't really worry too much about it--not that big of a burden to get up and go to the bar. We normally went to the pool in the afternoon (3pm or so) so it could be people that most people went earlier than that. At any rate it certainly wasn't too crowded when we were there.The ONLY downside that I experienced is that we ate at Lavo (Italian restaurant), and it was disappointing. Quite pricey for just standard fare (pasta, steak, etc.), and the service was EXTREMELY slow on a Sunday night. Additionally, once we actually got our food, my husband's steak was so overcooked we had to send it back (normally we are pretty laid back about things like that, but for $50 the steak should be cooked as ordered, I think!). They did replace it in short order, but in hindsight, I wish they had just taken it off the bill instead. So, not a great experience there.Overall though, we LOVE the Palazzo and will continue to stay there in future visits to Vegas.	
Jun 6 2009 	Wonderful room great location Concierge level service not so great	Decided my spouse and I could use a really nice trip away and I got a decent deal on a Conciere level room at the Palazzo.PlusesWe were in a Fortuna strip view room (24th floor). The rooms are wonderful, large, and for the most part quiet (of course you'll hear the occasional loud mouth/door slammers). The show over at Treasure Island really wasn't too distracting, just plan on a muffled boom twice a night from what I can remember. If you want to rest and relax in your room, I can't think of any better place.Location - Near Caesars (Forum Shops), Treasure Island, Venetian, Shops within the Palazzo and Venetian, The Wynn hotel, Fashion Show Mall (across the street), Harrahs for cheaper gambling.Concierge level - I opted to spend a little more money for this option. It gives you access to the 23rd floor Concierge level amenities. Continental breakfast, afternoon presentation, evening presentation (open bar, snacks). The option to snack and drink all you want was nice but there are negatives, read below. Still not sure if I'd opt for this option again.Pools - I think there are something like 8 of them. You share them with the Venetian. With so many to choose from (small, large, spas, etc) you should be able to find the perfect pool to lounge around.Safe and Secure - Room safes worked great. It is nice that they check room keys before you can get into the elevator area or go out to the pools. The self park option worked out good but beware, you will most likely be dragging your bags through the lobby unless you locate the right parking escalator/exit.Restaurants - We really enjoyed the Grand Lux (operated by The Cheesecake Factory) and close to the elevator entrance. They offer a nice all you can eat breakfast buffett and if you order off the menu the portions are large for the money you pay. On the downside we dined at the Sushisamba in The Shoppes, ugh, expensive, not much food and food wasn't good at all (we sampled six different items and only one was palatable).NegativesService - As mentioned above I opted for the more expensive Concierge level. Open bar is great for basic drinks (good selection of beers, wine and basic drinks) but if you want something special (a Mojito for example) they'll ask that you pay for it so open bar isn't totally open. Now here is the part where I was really disappointed with the Palazzo (and why I didn't give the place a 5 rating). The service our first night was outstanding, we had a gal who took excellent care of us, made sure our drinks were always refreshed and she was just a great lady very helpful and friendly. The next three nights, the service was awful. No one to refresh drinks which is no problem as I can go up to the bar, but because of the lack of service the food was replenished slowly and tables were never cleaned. So you would show up, stand in line for a drink (only one bartender working), discover there was little to no food and then find plenty of dirty tables in need of cleaning/clearing which mean't you had no place to sit. They also talk about free newspapers in the conceire lounge, no such luck. I asked one of the front desk concierge attendants about newspapers and was told &quot;they are probably late&quot;. For the four days we were there, there wasn't newspaper one. I guess when you pay for conceire level service you expect it. I sometimes wonder if I shouldn't have just opted out of the Concierge level and brought a large cooler and purchased beer/wine/water at the Walgreens in front of the Venetian or the gift shop near the main room entrance. If anyone from the Palazzo is reading this I'd recommend hiring more people for the Concierge lounge.Room - Others have griped about the lack of soap dishes and I have to agree. When you take a shower there is no where to place soap bars or bottles. Also the shower curtain doesn't even come close to touching the ground so flooding the bathroom is an easy task to accomplish. Figuring out the light controls for the rooms takes awhile. Just make sure you have the main light switch on at the entrance or you'll be cussing trying to figure out how to turn on the lights elsewhere in the room.Expensive - Beware, things can get pricey in this place. My advice to save some bucks, buy your drinks, snacks, etc at the Walgreens in front of the Venetian. The in room fridge is chock full of expensive drinks and essentially has no room for any drinks you might need to chill. Drinks around the pool are in the $8 a beer price range. Always look for special deals on rooms that the hotel offers instead of paying full bore. We ventured down to Harrahs one night for gambling (most certainly not as nice as the Palazzo gambling facility but lower min bet rates). There were numerous times at the Palazzo where you'd see MANY empty blackjack tables, one dealer no players where the minimum bet was $25 but then you'd find one FULL table with a lower bet min ($15 from what I remember).Overall I don't think you can beat this place for a wonderful room, outstanding location and high class atmosphere.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great Stay!	We stayed for 4 nts in a concierge level suite due to the great rates. Having been to Vegas many times, and usually stay in a tower suite at the Mirage, the suites in the Palazzo are about 1/2 the size of the Mirage but very well appointed. The real difference is that the suites at the Palazzo are one big room so if one person is an early riser, and the other not there is no way to close off the sleeping area. The A/C in the suite area worked great, but there is just one small vent in the bath and there did not seem to be any A/C in there. Amenities in the room were very nice, and the housekeeping staff left us 4 sets of towels as requested, daily. Our suite was a strip view, and we could watch the show at TI from our room. I did not realize until after 2 days that you can request a complimentary newspaper delivered to your room. I then requested one, but never got any. Any additional cost for the concierge is well worth it. The private check in saved us from the huge crowds downstairs, and the morning coffee and evening cocktails were wonderful. We used the concierge service for dinner reservations, as well as to print our boarding passes. We went to Azure (new adult pool) one day and were told as we entered it was a $150 per person minimum spending. We started to leave and they changed it and said, only $50 per person so don't know what the true minimum was suppose to be. At any rate, the service was great, but we did not care for the techno music blasted from the DJ, or some of the lewdness, but the pool did draw a crowd. The food served here comes from the Wolfgang Puck restaurant Solaro at the main pool, but the prices are much higher. A cheesburger was $25, while on the regular menu I believe it was $18. Azure is like being at a nightclub during the day. We went to another small pool on another day and enjoyed the atmosphere much more. We dined at many of the property restaurants. Delmonicos was good, The CUT was excellent, Dal Toro was nice for lunch and they have tables outside. We also had appetizers and drinks at Dos Caminos, just OK and dinner at Grand Lux which was very good casual dining. A nice resprite from the sights and sounds of Vegas is the country club at the Wynn next door. We enjoyed lunch on their patio overlooking a huge waterfall, while watching the golfers putt on the 18th hole. Good food, too. The casino was clean, had a nice variety of games, and the slots did give back some of what we deposited. The highlight of this trip was the Jersey Boys. It was fantastic! Overall we had a great stay and would go back if we had a promo offer.	
Jun 5 2009 	A Pretty Package With Questionable Customer Service	Because of a recent business trip, I stayed at The Palazzo. You would think that a resort in a town that has been so negatively affected by the recession would be bending over backward to to provide exceptional customer service. The hallways, shops and casino weren't exactly packed. To start, at check-in, that occurred well after 4 p.m., they didn't have a king, non-smoking room available, as was requested. I could take a smoking room or wait, so I took a room with two queen beds. The rooms were well appointed and the bathroom was spectacular. However, the lighting system was not well-designed nor intuitive, the AC didn't work properly and there was never really hot water available in the shower. The maid service didn't come until well after 5 p.m. - which explains why rooms probably weren't ready for check-ins. The wait service in the casino bars and restaurants was very, very slow and the staff was indifferent at best. Because I decided to take a red-eye back home, I wanted to extend my stay to later that evening. There is no complimentary late check-out. You pay for different times throughout the day you want to check out. And, you can't handle this from you room. You have to physically go back down to the front desk (before 11 a.m.) and make these arrangements. For someone attending a conference, this is very inconvenient. I really don't care if they use my name at check-in/check-out. I want them to make my experience convenient and enjoyable. The highlight of the resort was the valet service - that was spot on. Overall, spend your money elsewhere. The competition offers plenty to choose from.	
Jun 4 2009 	Loved It!	My husband and I got some complementary passes to go and stay at either the Venetian or the Palazzo which there both connected together but Palazzo being the newest that is the one we chose. It was beautiful I cannot describe how it was I will attach some pictures, there casinos are nice they have a good variety of games and there are tons of other casino close by that you can try if you want to. There rooms are so luxurious, they even have flat screen tv's in the bathroom! and there beds are sooo comfortable I have been back once since and have two more trips planned to return. A good tip they just built a Walgreens on the corner don't buy there expensive snacks just go and by them as well as souveniers from Walgreens, but no matter what you do, do not remove anything from there mini bar even if you want to put your stuff in it, it has a weight detector inside of it and when a item is moved you get charged for it even if you didnt drink or eat it!!! my husband bought milk from Walgreens and but it inside the mini bar and before we left they tried to charge us money for two items he moved around, they were nice enough hower to take it off but BEWARE!!! other than that they give you slot credits to play if you sign up for a Grazie card and send you promotions to come and stay for free all the time, next time I go they gave me two free tickets to see Phatom of the Opera those are $80 tickets so I'm really excited, I will definitly return there many times!!!	
Jun 2 2009 	Doesnt get much better in Vegas	In all honesty, I doubt I will ever get the chance to stay in such a good quality hotel every again. This makes a nice Marriott look like a slum. We got a great deal through a link found on Fat Wallet.com, making it £95 a night for a luxury suite (which is their smallest room), yet it was still 720sq.ft. Which is MASSIVE. The suite had 3 TV screens, safe, minibar, phones, king bed, electric curtains/blinds, WiFi ($10 a day). Being almost brand new, this is pretty much the best you'll find in Las Vegas for the money. You'll find alot of people walking down to the Palazzo just to look around, because its beautful inside. Its within walking distance of everything on the strip, great staff, no expense spared on the furnishings, quite and generally nice. Unfortunately the $20 trick didnt work here for us, but we were still blown away by our room. MUCH RECOMMENDED IF YOU HAVE THE CHANCE	
Jun 1 2009 	When can I go back?????	My husband and I have stayed many times in Las Vegas but Palazzo really tops the list. The rooms are immense and the service was excellent (though we had some trouble getting turn down service every night). We had an upgraded Strip view of the volcano at the Mirage, which was great. The pool was really nice as well--many pools and options for sunbathing. We also tried Emeril's Table 10 restaurant in the Palazzo shops and the Canyon Ranch Spa--both of which I also highluy recommend. A definite must, especially now whwn you can get a decent rate.	
May 29 2009 	Highly recommend the Palazzo!	My husband and I recently stayed at the Palazzo. Great hotel, great price, great service and we would highly recommend this hotel. We reserved a regular room (to my knowledge, all of the rooms are suites) on the Concierge Level. We received a great rate on a discount Vegas website which included all of the Concierge Level amenities. Upon check in, the rate and amenities were honored. We let it slip to the Concierge who checked us in that it was our Anniversary and we were upgraded to a room with a view for no additional cost. Our room was beautiful, with a great view of the obnoxiously gold Trump Tower and Treasure Island.Services on the Concierge Level: The service and amenities on the Concierge Level were wonderful. It was totally worth a few extra dollars to have a deluxe continental breakfast (cinnamon buns, toast, bagels, cereal, fruit, ham/cheese croissants, and more) each morning, afternoon tea, and even enough appetizers to make a dinner out of (egg rolls, mini hotdogs, quiche, soup, etc). The free drinks during cocktail hour were appreciated, even though it’s not hard to get a free drink in Vegas. The service during cocktail hour was suburb and the wait staff had marvelous drink suggestions. The Concierge Room is huge with lots of comfortable seats, couches, and lounges. The free wifi service is “hit or miss” in the main room. But, I received better reception as I walked further to the back of the Concierge Room.Rooms: The room was a standard room, but it was huge and very clean. We asked for turndown service two of the nights we were there, but only received the service once. We called to inquire about why we didn’t receive the service one night and it was resolved the next morning. Not a huge deal. Our room did not have any moths – although we did notice them around the hotel and in the Concierge Room. In all honesty, I probably would not have noticed the months unless I read the review on Trip Advisor. It really is not a big deal.Casino: The casino at the Palazzo is big and beautiful. If you are a new member to the Grazzi Club, you receive $25 in slot play. And, the best part is, if you win on the free slot play, you are awarded real money instead of credits. It was a really good promotion. We were happy to see some table games were at a $5 minimum mid-week during our stay. We only saw it once, but made sure to play while it was nice low minimums. Pool: As a guest at the Palazzo, you’re able to use the Venetian and the Veinezza pools. The Palazzo pool(s) were lovely and plenty of nice shade in the mornings. The afternoon gets quite sunny, but you’re able to find shade if need be. Great service by the pool too. Other: I recommend getting the checked luggage service from the desk in the main lobby. This was a huge stress and time saver. $20 got our luggage checked and boarded on to our flight several hours we left the hotel. Just be sure you give them about 4 hours notice. Southwest and US Airways were the airlines that participated. I wish more airlines were involved. It was a great service and totally worth the price.Highly recommend the Palazzo!	
May 28 2009 	Very nice	We enjoyed the Palazzo room immensely. The problem with the Palazzo is the Casino is full of Cigarette smoke. We were astounding at the number of smokers. I do not like cigarette smoke and smokers in Vegas are rude and discourteous and will light up a cigarette anywhere. This seems to be a problem throughout Vegas. In California you can not smoke in any restaurant, public building, super market, school etc.My last trip I stayed in a Suite at the Bellagio and we had an incredible view. The Palazzo's view was nice but not incredible. But the room made up for the lack of view. If you are looking to conserve money you will find much better deals off the strip. If you are celebrating a special occasion or splurging then I would recommend the Palazzo.	
May 28 2009 	One of the best in Vegas	This was the first time I had stayed in the Palazzo with it being a fairly new resort, not having been completed last time I was in Vegas. Fairly expensive, but pretty much the going rate for that class of hotel in Vegas and it definitely holds it own against the other top hotels on the strip.The suites are great, new, clean, well planned with good amenities.Loads of choice for restaurants, bars, clubs and shows, with it also being linked to it's sister hotel the Venetian and a short walk from the Wynn and Encore hotels.I would really recommend Sushi Samba in the Shoppes at the Palazzo- some of the best Japanese fusion food we have ever had. The pool areas of the Palazzo and the Venetian get crowded so you need to be out early to get a sun lounger. The gym looks great, but is expensive at $40 each per day. Go and see Phantom at the Venetian- really good!!We would definitely consider this hotel next time we are heading to Vegas.	
May 27 2009 	Great hotel!	The first time we went to Vegas, we stayed at the Excalibur. The second time, we wanted to stay at a nicer hotel. We decided on the Palazzo since it had just been built. We were so impressed! Huge room with a huge L-shaped comfy couch. Three TVs (living room, bathroom, and bedroom). The only thing that wasn't perfect was the location. I wish it was more in the middle of the strip since we walked everywhere. I do like what is located around the Palazzo, however (shopping, etc.). Great service and staff. Very professional and polite. The bathroom is huge, with a huge garden tub. I took a bath almost every evening. We won't stay anywhere else in Vegas now, and we plan to go there again in a few weeks!	
May 27 2009 	Pretty to look at but falling apart. . .	We stayed at Palazzo for 3 nights in May at the promotional rates they had e-mailed us. The hotel is lovely, very fresh-smelling (i.e. no smoke smell), and the gaming floor is nicely laid out. We had a good experience at check-in on a Saturday afternoon - minimal wait time.Our first room was very spacious - a typical Palazzo/Venetian suite. The bed linens were nice, but I was disappointed at two things - the bed wasn't triple sheeted and turn-down service wasn't standard (you had to request it by 5 pm). I thought these last two points were inconsistent with a luxury property. The furniture upholstery also seemed pretty worn for hotel only 1.5 years old. That being said, the room and bathroom were large and comfortable.Here's my gripe about the place - even though it was very pretty, we had way too many maintenance issues. In the first room we had, the safe did not function, which we didn't realize until we were leaving for dinner - then played phone tag with maintenance to set up a repair. They refused to work on the safe when we weren't in the room - even though it was empty since we couldn't use it! We also had several moths in the room (we were told it was moth season in LV) and a few burned out lightbulbs. The worst was when I went to take a shower on our first night there and the shower handle broke off in my hand! After that, they agreed to put us in another room. The second room we looked at (on our 2nd day there) was lovely, but reeked of smoke despite being a non-smoking room. We finally ended up in a ridiculously large suite that had supposedly been inspected by a front desk manager and a housekeeping manager. Again, the suite was very pretty and very big - but buttons popped off the couch when my husband (who weighs less than 200 pounds) sat on it, door handle hardware was loose or broken on two different doors, and the shower (which had a fixed shower head and a handheld shower) had seen better days - the handheld shower didn't fit in its cradle (it was obviously a replacement) and just hung to the floor on its hose. It's such a shame - the hotel really was pretty and they tried their darndest to make things right. With the exception of one snotty operator (they share operator service with Venetian), everyone was friendly and helpful. Unfortunately, it's very obvious that maintenance is suffering at this property. Other reviewers seemed to love the hotel and their rooms - perhaps we just had an aberrant experience with a small handful of rooms.Luckily, the pool area was beautiful and we had no trouble finding a couple shady spots. Drink service from waitresses was minimal - I maybe saw one or two waitresses in two days - but the pool bar was nice. Lunch (pizzas and sodas) from the pool restaurant was great. We ate breakfast at Grand Lux each morning which was fantastic. Overall, a nice property, but the trouble with the rooms just wasn't worth it. Going back to the Bellagio on my next trip.	
May 27 2009 	Excellent!!! Love this place!	Having stayed at the Venetian several times, wanted to stay in there new hotel and it was even nicer than the Venetian. Rooms are layed out the same. All spacious suites. Beautiful bathrooms. All the luxuries. Turn down service, slippers at the bedside. Luxurious robes. Remote for blinds. Freshly changed orchid every day in bathroom. Customer service always excellent. Free upgrade to stip view. So quiet that I slept in very late. Wonderful restaurants and great location. 5 star all around!!!	
May 26 2009 	Great stay at a luxury hotel.	We stayed at the Palazzo Hotel for 3 nights 5/22 to 5/25. I booked a Fortuna Suite as with the great rate I got thru Expedia, I figured we would treat ourselves to a nicer room. My wife and I were there celebrating our 10 year wedding anniversary and had left the kids at home. We arrived at the Palazzo at 10:30pm Friday night and as soon as we walked thru the doors, we were greeted with a beautiful lobby filled with beautiful people (they were ling up to get into the Lava Lounge). We headed to the check in desk and waited maybe 5 minutes to check in. We were greeted in line and then escorted and introduced by name to an agent who checked us in. They were all very professional and always had a smile. We headed up to our room which was huge, 940 square feet. All the Fortuna Suites have a view and ours was on the 15th floor with a view of the pool and TI. It was fantastic. The walk in closet was very nice and the bathroom was wonderful. All the electronics worked and everything was clean. There was a door on the living room tv stand that didn’t close all the way but other than that, the room was perfect. We spent Sat and Sunday mornings/early afternoon at the pool. The pool is huge and there are many different decks to lounge on. It was very crowded however and was a bit of a challenge finding chairs on Sunday. But with a bit of persistence, we found some and enjoyed our lounging time. Bar service at the pool was pretty good. We didn’t actually order any drinks at the pool, but there was a server who came by regularly to see if we did want to order. The sun does come out a bit late at the Palazzo pool, probably around 1100am is when the whole deck gets that sun. However, if you go to the little pool all the way to the north end, away from the Venitian, you can get sun at 8:00am. Our room was cleaned everyday and never had any problems with late cleanings. We would leave the room in the AM and by mid afternoon the room was clean. We ate most of our meals outside of the Palzzo so didn’t order room service. We did eat at Grand Lux Café for lunch and it was pretty good. We like the Cheesecake Factory so wasn’t much of a stretch for us. Love the fact that there is a Walgreens at the Palazzo so we were able to get cheap water and snacks. So, basically loved this hotel and will now go there with every stay. Service was great, people watching there was fantastic and the room was top notch.	
May 25 2009 	Fabulous Escape on the Las Vegas Strip	My boyfriend and I stayed for four nights complimentary. We arrived via limo from the airport and got to invited guest registration around twelve noon. Our suite was not ready yet, which I assumed would be the case, so we headed to the casino. I did call twice to see if the suite was ready throughout the course of five hours, also confirmed they had my correct mobile number. Finally after five hours I went up to the front desk and inquired. My suite was ready, and it was on a high floor as I requested. We had a Luxury King Suite on the 49th Floor with a view of the Wynn, Encore, and the golf course. It was beautiful. Although this suite did not have a sunken living room as the lower floors do, I was very pleased nonetheless. Several meals were had via the amazing in-suite dinning. All the food was of great quality and the servers were amazing, friendly, and attentive. We also ate at the Grand Lux Cafe which was delightful! I had the Italian hero and it tasted like the best sandwich I had ever consumed. We were starving, I’m sure that helped my taste buds a little. All the staff called you by your salutation and surname which was very nice.The casino was of decent size, luxurious, and the drinks from the cocktail waitresses were ample in size. We also went to the pool deck for a little tanning, which was very nice. The pool deck staff offered chilled towels and water coolers were plentiful. One last item; As soon as you walk in from the porte-cochere, a lovely scent of flowers fills your nose, and permeates throughout the property. I'd love to find out what that scent is and were I can purchase it bottled!! We will definitely be going back!	
May 25 2009 	Excellent Hotel and great stay	I highly recommend the Palazzo Hotel for guests. We just spent 6 days at the hotel for business. The room was outstanding and everything was exceptional in our room. The only negative is the charge for the fitness center. The room is very large with everything that you could possibly need. We could not have been more pleased with our room other than the hotel wanted an additional $45 a night to be located for a strip view. We had a very good view - the Wynn, Encore, golf course and the mountains. The Grand Lux restaurant is an excellent choice and value. The hard part of eating there is making a selection from the expansive menu. We also ate at Dos Cominos and it was very good. I highly recommend the Palazzo for your next stay in Vegas.	
May 24 2009 	love this hotel...still needs some minor adjustments	well, i've stayed here multiple times since my initial review. the players club kept sending me free nights and slot tournaments so we kept going! good club to join....great freebies and generous to new gamblers. i went several times with friends that did not gamble much at all, and they all received free room comps. favorite things about this hotel include the room size and comfortable beds, attention to details such as chocolates being delivered to your room at night, attentive slot hosts (mine sends me fruit baskets whenever i arrive and VIP checkin....nice!), attentive doormen at the front entrance, an overall elegant yet relaxed, friendly atmosphere, the excellent canyon ranch spa restaurant which is a breakfast haven for light or organic eaters (fantastic homemade muffins, made to order yogurt shakes; heavier meals too like eggs, french toast, hash; most made with organic ingredients), great pool deck with nicely placed hot tubs, good security. my number one favorite thing? the staff are all attentive. service is excellent. clearly all staff are coached to greet you wherever you go, and it's great! the &quot;good mornings&quot; are uplifting, the individual attention, comforting. the casino is smaller but bright, elegant, and charged up at night! the venetian casino only a couple of minutes away. i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone without children (not much for kids to do here though the walk thru the venetian grand canal is always fun). in my opinion, the venetian is better suited for kids.minor adjustments: i took home some tinned candies and chocolate from my room 'bar'. about $9 each.....they were all stale-dated by several months and inedible. towel dispersal and drop off is complicated and confusing (seriously!) and too far from the pool entrance. hard to find cocktail servers on some days and hours. i know vegas is tightening up, but i'll play longer with a cup of coffee in my hand! floor hosts, however, were so attentive, that they made up for this lack by dedicatedly tracking down a server when requested. as i mentioned, excellent service staff. music loop in the casino gets a bit tiring. when you play for hours, you need more mix. that's about it! otherwise, continuing to be impressed with their improvements since opening and their obvious desire to be one of, if not the best, large service hotel in vegas.	
May 22 2009 	The best hotel I've probably ever stayed in	I went with a group of girlfriends (age 24-27), looking for a relaxing girl's weekend (non-gamblers). We booked a room facing the Wynn high up on the 19th floor. $199 per night we stayed 4nts. Another group of friends stayed at the Wynn and our room was far better. One word: Awesome. The room is clean, great modern decor, and super spacious. We had enough room for 4 girls and all of our junk everywhere (clothes, gifts, makeup and hair products). The beds are ultra comfy and there's a huge L-shaped sofa to lounge and watch TV waiting for your friends to get ready. There are 3 LCDs to watch and the bathroom is big enough to have 4 girls shower/bathe do their hair and makeup. The room is very quiet, we heard nothing as we slept and the curtain shade (motorized) is great, blocks out all the light for sleeping in.I ordered room service one night after partying. I ordered a tuna sandwich and fries and it was yummy after a night of drinking. They were pretty quick, took about 25 minutes to get the food up to the room.It's at the end of the strip so not really in the middle of everything, but right across the street is the mall where all the luxury stores are. You can still walk everywhere, to the strip, or take a cab. The pool is fantastic but with one flaw: the building is so high and the sun gets blocked after time so the pool will not warm up and you may not get a tan. But there are 3 pools and it gets busy by midday. There is food service at the pool which was great. We snuck into Wynn's pool one day but it was crazy busy with a lot of those spring break hussy types and their Abercrombie boyfriends, no place to lay out or sit. We ended up coming back to Palazzo's pool. It was a fantastic stay. I have nothing really to complain about. I would go back anyday.	
May 21 2009 	Upscale Accomodations some disappointments	Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Palazzo. Check-in:We arrived at around 1pm on a Friday, the check-in line wasn't too long. Like previous posters, I was very disappointed that you had to pay extra to use the fitness center. However, one very important thing to note: If you go to the Spa/fitness center directly they will charge you $40 a day for access. If you ask at the front desk and buy your access there, they can give you a deal - we got it for $29.95 a day, minimum 2 days. They also give you two $20 dining credits to use at the hotel (includes restaurants like LAVO and SushiSamba), two Madame Tussaud's passes, and a slot credit (it was $15 or $20). With all of these bonuses, it practically pays for itself.Walking through the casino to the hotel elevators I noticed that it still smells new, no nasty smoke! We also requested a non-smoking floor, and there were no hints of smoke at all. Rooms:It goes without saying that the rooms are great. The beds are very comfortable and the linens are nice. The bathroom was more than large enough. A couple of disappointments here were: 1. the towels were not very soft at all2. i wonder what they were thinking when they designed the separate water closet with the toilet. the only way to access the WC is through the bathroom. it really makes no sense to have it behind another door if you can't access it by itself from inside the room- without bothering anyone who may be in the shower or tub. 3. same question goes for the second vanity with mirror. it would be much more useful if it was place outside in the room.Numbers 2 and 3 I say because we were three girls in the same room. I imagine that if you were there with your significant other it may not be an issue.The hotel service staff was very friendly, always greeted us with a hello when we passed by in the hallways.Pool:There are several pools, some are much smaller than others. Depending on the time of day, certain pools are in the sun and some are not. In general it wasn't too difficult to find enough open chairs, at any time of day. We didn't try Azure, as there was a $50 drink minimum per person.One very important thing to note about the pool bar and getting drinks from the waitresses:I paid 5 different prices over the course of 4 days for the same drink. You may think by reading this that it was due to happy hour prices, but that is not the case. Friday at 4pm I paid $10 for a frozen vodka lemonade from a waitress. Seemed reasonable enough. On Saturday it was $12, from a waitress. Sunday before 2pm they charged me $15. At this point, I said something to the waitress and she said that &quot;they&quot; (I can only assume she meant management) had just changed the prices on drinks and they were in the process of getting things updated. So I just shook it off. Finally on Monday I went directly to the bar, where I was charged $9 and then $12 for the same frozen vodka lemonade. It had become completely laughable by then, and the girl behind the bar flipped the screen around to show me that the computer really said $12. Long story short, you may want to ask before you buy... just so they can't hit you with random prices.Restaurants:We ate at quite a few places in the hotel.Canyon Ranch Grill - we ate here every morning for breakfast. Completely yummy and healthy.LAVO - pricey but the food was great &amp; the atmosphere was fun. I highly recommend the kobe beef rice ball appetizer. but beware, it's the size of a softball!! we also went here later for the nightclub. VERY crowded on the dance floor but fun otherwise.SushiSamba - decent, but very overpriced. the service we received while sitting at the bar for our meal was less than satisfying.Table 10 - inventive cocktails, great salads - priceyWoo - sat at the bar and had the Chinese Chicken Salad. very tasty and the bartender Marty was very niceOverall, had a great time. Would stay here again.	
May 21 2009 	Amazing	We went at a quiet time, so got an incredibly competitive rate on accomodation. Overall a classy hotel, suitable for families as well as couples.Rooms are amazing, we had a standard room with a large living area, remote curtains, luxury bathroom with large bath, shower etc. 3 flat screen TV's throughout the suite. Bed was extremely comfortable. Hotel itself has a great pool area and you can also access the venetian pool area. Numerous pools and loungers although very popular with staff to assist in finding loungers. The spa itself was a disappointment as it costs a lot of money for a one day pass to use the fitness centre and the spa prices were not good value. Plenty of cheap eating options available - the grand lux cafe is good value for breakfast or lunch and there is a food court in the adjoining venetian hotel. Good location in the middle of the strip, opposite Treasure Island and Mirage and Fashion Show mall.Just be aware that on check-in they pre-authorise $150 per day to your credit card, so make sure you have a spare card with plenty of free credit for this.Regarding tours to the grand canyon etc, these seemed to be cheaper if booked in advance from the UK rather than on arrival in Vegas, and don't forget to add 15-20% to the price for the driver's tip.	
May 19 2009 	Beautiful and classy hotel that gets it all right.	A high-end hotel that actually gets most everything right. The Palazzo seems like a small and compact luxury hotel when compared to other properties that require a 2 mile hike to get anywhere. Everything was spotless, the rooms were huge, dead quiet (no hallway noise), luxurious and comfortable and the A/C was potent. Only ate at one restaurant (the Grand Luxe for breakfast) but $9-$10 for huge and tasty portions seemed like the deal of the century. You can tell that the Cheesecak Factory owns the chain. My only complaint is the $40/day they charge to use the fitness center, especially when it requires a 20 minute walk over to the Venetian. I mean...seriously $40 to use a treadmill for 30 minutes? It did look beautiful though but for that much money, you should get a free rubdown. Overall, I would stay here again in a heartbeat if we could book at the discounted package price we got for this trip. Great job at every level.	
May 17 2009 	Enjoyable Stay	We looked at staying at the Palazzo last year, but it had only just opened - so we preferred to wait until the hotel had gone through it's inevitable &quot;teething problems&quot;. Upon receiving an e-mail with a special offer just before we left the UK and so decided to book upon that basis. It's always worth signing up to the hotels' guest books, as they will send you special offers which we took advantage ofWe arrived at check in around noon believing that we might not get our room until later, however, they did have a room available immediately which satisfied our request for a high floor - we were on the 25th floor with a view overlooking the Wynn and its golf courseThe standard suite was superb (similar in style to the Venetian) with plenty of space, and three T.V.'s (i.e. one in the bathroom)During our stay we ate at Table 10 in the Palazzo, also Postrio and Aquaknox in the Venetian, all of which were excellent, both in the quality of the food, and the service. We also had cocktails at Sushi Samba which were innovativeWe would have given the Palazzo a five rating, but for the overcrowded pool areas on the Saturday of our stay. It was Spring Break whilst we were there, but having wandered up and down both the Palazzo and Venetian pool areas, there wasn't a spare lounger to be had!We have been at busy times in the past and quite often there are pool staff available to help you find loungers, but in this instance no-one seemed to want to assist - we have been visiting Vegas regularly since 1996 and have never experienced such difficulties.We had been led to believe that Vegas was struggling due to the global economic situation, but this certainly didn't seem to be the case when we were there	
May 17 2009 	horrible time! STAT AWAY! Early morning arguments with room service package deals are NOT honored!	Having previously stayed at the Venetian I was excited to share the luxury experience with my spouse. Palazzo is bland and room is not impressive. What made matters worse is as part of our package we were to recieve breakfast for two each morning and $50 off massage at spa. Turns out $50 off only counts on 80 minute mesage - which generally runs $270 (!!!!). So with $50 discount it ONLY costs $230. My wife thought massage was NOT worth it - and in fact she enjoyed massage we recently recieved at htel in Rosarito beach much more than this one.Our vacation was RUINED by room service. First morning room service tried to charge us $50 for toast and OJ - when I showed her our coupon for free breakfast as part of package we purchased she was confused and had no idea what it was. I spent part of the day on hold on the phone trying to clear up confusion as one does not go on vacation to argue with room service over the cost of toast. The following morning - - - after being assured that it would not happen again - room servce tried again to charge us $50 for breakfast. I was so disgusted with having to argue while half asleep at the cost - I told the lady to just remove the tray. She could tell I was angry -and said &quot;oh, just have it - ill straighten it out&quot;. 5 minutes later - room service supervisor called to demand our food back if would not pay (for food we had paid for as part of the package). When I EXPALNED WE HAD ALREADY STARTED TO EAT - SHE GOT Huffy and stated we would be paying for the entire platter. Nothing says relaxation like room service threatening to grab food away from you :)I called for a front office manager to complain - and NEVER recieved a call back. On checking out - after spending far to much of my vacation arguing about food that I had already paid for - they tried to add breakfast cost to my bill. When I asked to speak to a manager I was greeted by a cold fish who had no interest in helping. Only after I emphatically expalined that I would not pay was he kind enough to not charge me for the meals I had alreaady paid for! Motel 6 has more concern for thier guests than this balnd hotel. STAY AWAY!	
May 16 2009 	Loved it!	Had a great stay. Service was excellent. Was missing a remote for TV in bathroom and makeup mirror did not work and both were replaced in less than 20 minutes. Front desk answered phone promptly. I'm amazed that people didn't think this was a 5 star hotel. I guess the Taj Mahal is not big enough for them. Visited several hotels (Wynn, Caesars, Bellagio, Mandalay) and although very nice I prefer Palazzo/Venetian. Only downside is expense and wish table limits were lower but can go right next door and play craps for $3 minimum to help stretch out your losses.	
May 15 2009 	Perfection	My Fiancee and I have just returned from our trip to the Palazzo and it is easily the best hotel we have ever stayed in, and the nicest hotel on the strip. The suite is huge, the bed very (very!) comfortable, and the entire resort is extrememly well appointed. Somebody mentioned having to &quot;hump our large peices of luggage through the Casino&quot; which is a bit of an overstatement, its a one minute walk at MOST and we were offered help anyway (which we declined). We had a suite with a strip view, but due to the shape of the building you only really overlook TI, which has the pirate show on which is just about audible from the suite - so you may want to request a room at the rear if this is likely to bother you, although its not that loud.Some people have complained about service, I have to say I disagree completely, the staff went out of their way to help, from check in to housekeeping; and security is second to none, with a guard checking for room keys before you get to the guest elivators and a manned post on entry to the parking garage. The toiletries in the room were replenished every day, more than we needed as well (leaving us some to bring home!). Food and drinks from room service/mini bar are costly, but its a 5* hotel so you can't really expect much else, if you don't want to pay it then get drinks from the shop by the elevators which wasn't too expensive or even the on-site wallgreens! Our next trip to the States will probably be on the east coast, but next time to Vegas we will definitely be staying at the Palazzo. Slot machines seemed to have a higher rate of success here too!	
May 14 2009 	Not Impressed at all!	Where do I start? My girlfriend and I went on a Birthday gettaway looking for fun times leading to great memories. I researched long and hard before I settled on the Palazzo, and the second I set foot in the room I was extremely dissapointed ,which is an understatement.! We upgraded our room to a view of the strip and then had to hump our large peices of luggage through the Casino and up to the room because there was no one available to help. Once we got to our room we went straight over to the window to check out the view and to our horror we were &quot;attacked&quot; by large bat sized moths! We both started screaming and freaking out, the moths were every where we turned and there was at least 50 of them (my friend later counted them when they settled on the walls/ceiling/drapery/and bedding). And about 20 dead ones all over the floor. We were both pretty rattled and shook up by this and immediatly phoned the front desk, I was crying on the phone cause honestly I have never seen anything like it, they said they would send house keeping up to clean the room. We were not going to stay in the room, there was just too many of them, and it was like a flash back to the, 'silence of the lambs&quot; movie, we needed a different room. We waited out in the hall way for over 2 hours, and repeatedly went back into the room to phone the front desk and speak with a manager, they kept assuring us someone was coming. As other guests walked past us we asked them if they had a &quot;moth&quot; problem, and no one else did. An employee of the hotel was delievering room service and we told them what was happening, they were astonished we were still waiting and had heard nothing about a moth problem. Finally a bell man came to change our room, he too couldn't believe our story. We had him check the new room, he was a 6 foot man that was scared to shake the curtains and as he did it jumped out of the way. After he combed the room for flying critters he left us. We sat there for a bit unsure of what might leap out at us, we both needed a stiff drink to calm our nerves, we finally left the room at 2:30 a.m. Keep in mind we arrived at the hotel at 10:00 p.m. and after our big scare, and waiting hours for a room change we were finally leaving the hotel 4.5 hours later. We went to the front desk to see if there was anything they could do to kick start our holiday in a better direction, they said they could give us late check out, whoopie! Needless to say we had a fabulous time, we gambled, we drank, we danced, we partied, we shopped, we ate and we did all this in every hotel except the Palazzo. When we did return to the hotel and asked the concierge for shopping info they were unprepared, they had no booklets no coupons and reffered us to the mall concierge for those items, to have the mall concierge say we had to pay for them because our hotel was too lazy to keep up their stock. Our room had broken amenities, light bulbs burnt out and lacked toiletries. We had to phone repeatedly about getting them replaced and fixed to have them come and be unprepared and unequipped with the correct product. Needless to say we only slept 5 hours the whole trip and we attribute it to having way too much fun and a strong urge to just stay away from the Palazzo, cause inevitably every time we returned there was a glitch! Do not drink from the mini bar, and do not order room service. 2 orders of Begals and lox and a basket of fries will run you around $65, and a bottle of water costs $10, the tap water tastes awful so you are bound to grab a bottle of water out of desperation! We never did turn any of the 3 t.v.'s on, but laughed that they probably didn't work anyway. For the price you pay to stay at this hotel I surely expected a lot more in the room, and customer service. I don't know if it's because the Managers are like &quot;21&quot; that they are unprepared, or have no power but they certainly have no idea when it comes to running this hotel. This was my 5th visit to Vegas, and I will certainly go again...next time Belagio. The Belagio was by far the most &quot;happen&quot; place to be for gambling, with the most nicest Pit boss, waitresses and dealers you could ever meet. Plus the nightlife there was huge! I'm already rounding up the next group of friends for the next trip...and I will &quot;skip&quot; the Palazzo altogether. Pala-what?	
May 12 2009 	Nice room and value but some problems with the service	Stayed for a week for a conference in town. The hotel is right next to the Venetian, but easier to navigate to your room and the parking lot. During check-in, they gave me a bunch of coupons for resturants, two-for-one drinks and free slot play which was nice. The room itself is nice with a living area and oversized bathrooms with seperate shower and bath (same as the Venetian). The room has three TVs including one in the bathroom so you can watch tv as you soak in the tub. The rooms I have no problems with, but the service was a different matter. Although I asked for a room on the high floor when I made reservations, I got the 8th floor with a view of the convention center... (out of a 50 floor hotel). I ordered room service several times, but they add $4 delivery charge and a 18% service charge on top of that, so you end up paying a lot more than what you ordered (some other Vegas hotels only charge delivery charge). I had an issue with connecting to the internet in the room and called IT. They told me that the guy who can fix the problem went home for the night, so they suggested I go to the lobby for wi-fi access...The day before checking out, I wanted to ask for a late check-out because I had do run some errands. Figuring I stayed for a week, they'd give me a little leeway, I called the front desk. The lady at the front desk told me &quot;we're full, sorry you have to check-out the same time like everybody else&quot; several times before finally agreeing to extending the checkout time to....one hour. So overall I guess the rooms and casino are nice, but the service has some issues. For a hotel that claims AAA Five diamond hotel, service needs to catch up to the facilities.	
May 10 2009 	Mixed	Our concierge suite was huge. The concierge lounge was very nice and we used it frequently during our stay. In keeping with Las Vegas the rooms were very dark, though. I don't enjoy that. Also, it looked like the airplanes from the airport were going to run right into our building which was unnerving. The major complaint was that I had to call several times to have the room cleaned. I even notified the manager of the time we would be out of the room and they still could not get the suite cleaned. This finally improved after I began to nag - which should not happen to a customer in one of the most expensive suites. It was a good place to have a business event but I wouldn't choose to vacation there. While I am at it I have a totally negative comment on the Bali Hai golf course which abuts the airport. Noisy - beyond belief noisey. Made this the first round of golf I have ever played that I didn't enjoy. Don't play golf there even if it is convenient and wonderfully laid out. You'll have a headache in the end. Also you have to pay extra to use the fitness center as it is run by the spa company. Doesn't make sense to have to pay more when already paying for the concierge level. Tacky. I would recommend it but only because it is brand new and I am told is a cut above all but the Wynn	
May 9 2009 	GREAT STAY WITH A FEW GLITCHES	My friend and I took my mom to the Palazzo for one week (April 28-May 5) to celebrate her 85th birthday.  We booked a regular suite and a &quot;credit card sandwich&quot; of two $20 bills netted us an upgrade to a Bella Strip View.  We were on the 46th floor overlooking TI with a view of the Palazzo and Venetian swimming pools below.  Checkin was quick and painless. at the &quot;invited guest&quot; line. The hotel is awesome and having stayed at the Venetian several times,  the newer Palazzo was a welcome change.  The common areas are beautiful and they spared no expense.  Its very upscale, bright, colorful and clean.   If you stay here, take some good walking shoes, because even going to the Venetian is a trot. The room was comfortable, but I've got to agree that customer service is lacking in some areas.  First off, understand that none of us are too fussy about anything.  The room seemed clean at first glance, but there was a dust/dirt in places they probably don't normally clean, like the headboards, lamps and bathroom floor by the sinks.  The toilet also had a dirty ring around it when we checked in, that we mentioned to the staff.  It was still there when we left. After checkin' we phoned to request extra hangers, towels and set of linens for the sofa.  They were very accommodating, although it took several hours and a few trips to bring this stuff.  We didn't see much of housekeeping due to the weird hours we kept (out all night, slept in during day) and the 'do not disturb' hanger on our door.  Mid-week we did request a change of bed linens and it took 3 calls over 10 hours to get someone to finally respond.  That was the only time we had service during the week, although we got fresh towels a  few times when we saw a hallway cart.  Again this lack of service was our fault not the hotel.  The temperature in the room seemed to go from hot to cold like they controlled the thermostat some of the time, especially in the wee hours.  Not too sure why that happened. My friend is an avid slot player - I mean like 14+ hrs a day.  I do table games mostly, along with the Poker Room.   On the 3rd day, a Casino Host sought her out at a machine (around 4:30 a.m.) and said if we wanted show tickets or dinner res. to see him.  On the 5th day, he found her again and ended up comping our entire stay and a couple of meals we charged to the room.    On a Thursday night during our stay all the slot machines and table game computers went down.  No paper payouts were available.   It took more than 2 hours to get someone to payout the slot in cash.  Not sure if this happens often, but we missed our Wynn dinner reservations and it was an inconvenience. We bought snacks at the new Walgreens so only ate one good meal out each day.  We oinked-out at the Wynn buffet twice and it was awesome.  Two meals  at the Grand Lux were so-so.  Portions were huge, but it was overpriced and the food disappointing.  One of us sent tough pork back to the kitchen and a pot pie replacement was just as bad.  On a day when my friend and I went downtown, my mom stopped in for eggs and said they arrived cold and wasn't how she ordered it.  The fried chicken fillets were very good and the only thing I can recommend there. Overall, it was a pleasant stay...we even got a limo ride to the airport which was a nice surprise.  BTW, none of us won on the slots, but I enjoyed the new &quot;Dirty Harry&quot; machine...especially when it says, &quot;make my day&quot;. (grin)	
May 9 2009 	Loved it!	Excellent hotel! Prefer this to the Venetian. Rooms are really nice, location on the strip is great. I left something behind at the hotel and called and emailed them, but they never returned my calls/emails. That was the only downside.	
May 8 2009 	Luxury Done Correctly	So many times, we go on vacation and the &quot;luxury&quot; is pretentious and mediocre. Palazzo, on the other hand, is done right. The fixtures are great and the hotel feels like luxury. Great service, very clean rooms. Also, the hotel has a great pool scene. We rented a cabana for a day and it was really worth it (try going during the week, its less money). Would stay here again for sure.	
May 7 2009 	Beautiful Hotel	We stayed at the Palazzo from May 1st-May 5th and it was absolutely beautiful. We arrived around midnight Vegas time and we both were very tired since there is a 3 hour time difference from where we live. When we arrived there was only Valet parking available. Not sure why but nonetheless we drove up and went inside to check-in. Check-in lines were long but they had plenty of staff to assist. There was a gentleman in line to greet you, take your name, and walk you to the next front desk representative. We checked in with George, who was very helpful and explained to us where everything was located. Even with the lines being long he took the time to go over every detail. We even got a full sheet of all different kinds of discounts, with $25 worth of beverage credits at LAVO, $50 slot credits, etc. We also signed up for Club Grazie, the casino club and received an additional $15 each worth of credits. We won about $250 just from these free credits alone in the casino which was very excited. The hotel is huge and you can spend an entire day just looking in the hotel and at the shops. The room was gorgeous. We were on the 16th floor with a view of the Wynn and the golf course and it was fabulous with the mountains behind it. The mini-bar was a little overpriced but there was a huge Walgreens downstairs out front where you could buy snacks and drinks if you wanted to. The location of the hotel was good. It was a nice area. Just and FYI, don't venture out to the old part of Vegas which is just down past the Wynn. It was so run down and you felt like you were in a different city if you went down there and also very leery of this area. We really felt like VIP's at the Palazzo the service was outstanding. The bellman brought our luggage up within about 15 min just as they said they would and we didn't have to wait up all night for them. The night we checked in was busy because there was a fight in town at the MGM and the hotel was booked up, also it was the Kentucky Derby weekend so everyone was gambling. Jay-Z was even at club LAVO at our hotel....... If we ever go back to Vegas we will definetely stay at the Palazzo. Just keep in mind Vegas is a party town so be ready to stay up late, party, and have crowds around 24/7.	
May 6 2009 	So far my best experience in Vegas	I absolutely loved Palazzo. The rooms were huge, the beds were comfortable. It had a sunken in living room, plasma TV by the bed and a plasma TV in the living area. Jacuzzi tub in the bathroom with separate glass shower, tons of light and room in the bathroom. This is their standard room. Also loved the remote control by the bed for the blinds.The location is perfect, Venetian and Palazzo are connected and you truly never have to leave. For nightlife you have the &quot;scene&quot; of Tao, a bit more laid back at the Hookah lounge, a dance club with hip/hop and more. Every major celeb chef has a restaurant here -- two Emeril's, Mario Batalli, etc . . Grand Lux Cafe is 24hours which can appease anyone. The shopping is amazing. If you can afford it don't stay anywhere else but Venetian or Palazzo.	
May 6 2009 	Nice Room but Moths were a big problem!	Overall, the Palazzo is a nice place, large, comfortable rooms, check-in lines longer than other hotels we've stayed at in Las Vegas, three flat screen TVs in each room, with seperate Living/Work area. Cleanliness and customer service were lacking however. We were in a room on the 29th floor, and from the moment we arrived we were beseiged with big black moths flying about the room - we figured they were nesting in the drapery. The first night we killed at least 10. In the a.m. we told our housekeeper about the moths and followed up with a call to Palazzo &quot;Priority Service&quot; to make sure they were going to take care of the problem while we were out and about during the day. They assured me they would eradicate the pests from the room, but when we came back to the room 6 hours later to change clothes to attend a show, there were still live Moths flying about the room - and worst yet, 2 moths that I had killed in the bathroom the previous night and 1 whose carcass was still stuck to the wall where I had swatted it the night before (and pointed out to the housekeeper!) were still there. I called the Priority Service line again and explained the problem again. They said they would send someone &quot;right up&quot; to check it out and take care of the problem. We waited 1 hour and 20 minutes and no one ever came to the room. We had to leave for our show, so I called the &quot;priority service&quot; line again - and said the person they were sending &quot;right up&quot; almost an hour and a half ago never made it, and we had to leave to attend a show, but they could deal with the problem of the Moths while we were out for the evening. She apologized and again said she could send someone right up, like an engineer or something, cause they couldn't figure out why we had moths in the room. I said it was okay to come into the room while we were out.We got back to the room about midnight after the show and dinner. The drapes were closed and there were 6 big live moths still flying about the room, the dead ones killed the day before were still in the same place they died - but out bed was turned down. I called the &quot;priority service&quot; number again to complain and they finally let me speak to some sort of manager, who apologized and comped our dinner and moved us to another room, he was going to send someone &quot;right up&quot; with the new keys. &quot;Right up&quot; must mean 45 minutes and an additional phone call. I cannot believe the service was this bad - with the current economy, you'd think they would be more attentive to their guest's needs.	
May 5 2009 	HOUSEKEEPING NEED IMPROVEMENT	The hotel is beautiful....but not 5 star quality. Long line at check in... The rooms are large and beautiful..but not very clean...After unpacking....I noticed the thick dust on the handrail..and TV in the living area...I picked up the remote for the DVD and it was covered with a stickey substance....probably soda...I called the front desk and they offered to change our room....We repacked and moved across the hall..a room with a view of the strip....this room was much cleaner...however..the sheets had a rip in them..and the sofa was missing a button cover ...there was a piece of metal sticking up...Luckily we did not sit on it! There is a fan above the closet that does not turn off....after numerous tries..we were told by a bell hop that the fan is continuous..Also...whatever scent that is filtered in rooms and lobby is nauseating...I'm not very sensitive to smells...but I felt like my clothes smelled of it. Finally...our toilet would not flush on the morning of check out...we called to report...but after an hour and a half no one showed up to fix..we reported again as we checked out ...no explanation or apology offered. Saw Elton John ....awesome concert!!!	
May 5 2009 	Good hotel and a pleasant stay	We stayed in the Palazzo for three nights recently and overall it was quite pleasant. Check in was a breeze, room was ready and clean - no moths! Nice room and basically it was a mirror image of a Venetian room - 31st floor with a nice view of the strip. Very comfortable bed, nice furnishings, three tv's and a great bathroom with the best shower head we'd ever experienced and that's a lot of hotel visits during the past 40+ years. However, I don't understand why a hotel of this caliber doesn't provide a soap dish or at least a cutout on the sinks. Sure, small issue, but come on you get a soap dish in a Best Western. Also, one of the doors on the dresser came completely off in my hand. I called maintenance, but it was never repaired while we were there. Other than that everything worked properly and we found the staff to be excellent in all respects. We ate in three restaurants in the hotel and all three had great food, although the service in the Grand Lux Cafe was pretty slow. At Table 10 and Clavo the service/food was outstanding. Also went to the &quot;Jersey Boys&quot; show and it was also outstanding!The Palazzo is no Four Seasons, but then it's not supposed to be and overall we were quite pleased with this hotel and would recommend it to our friends and family.	
May 5 2009 	Another wonderful experience	This was our 3rd stay at the Palazzo, so yes, we like it there! We arrived on a Tuesday at approximately noon via a limo that the concierge set up for us and check in was quick and smooth. We left our bags with the bellman and went up to check out the room. Now, even though we had stayed in the same room at the Palazzo twice before, this room was decorated slightly differently. It was still lovely, just a tad bit different. We were on the 16th floor, which is lower than normal, but the view was still great. We could see the pool, the strip and the mountains. We could see TI directly in front of us, Mirage slightly to the left, Wynn slightly to the right and the Fashion Show Mall diagonally across the street. I really have no complaints about the hotel. Housekeeping is great. The only thing I don't like is that they don't clean a glass unless it's empty. So, I just make sure to empty anything that I'm not drinking anymore. The mini bar person came every day to restock the mini bar. I love the pool because of the view. I think it's amazing to see Cypress trees and mountains in the same view. The pool area is huge so there's lots of areas to explore. Unfortunately, the weather was bad the first couple of days, so we were only able to spend half as many days as we would've liked at the pool. Overall, I really can't complain. I love the Palazzo. The service is wonderful. The staff is so helpful and they go out of their way to make you happy. I'm going back in July and I can't wait! Maybe my only complaint is that I don't think anybody wins big in the casino :-)	
May 4 2009 	OVER RATED	I'm a regular visitor to Vegas as I only live in San Diego. I'm there at least 4 to 5 times a year over the past 20 years. This last visit was the most dissapointing trip ever. I was very excited to stay at the new Palazzo as I have enjoyed the Venetian in the past. But the service in this hotel is horrible. The housekeeping was a joke. The a/c seems to be set at a certain temprature and now matter how low you try and set it the room never cooled off. The phone blinked after I checked in that I had a message but we were never able to retrieve it. At check out luckily I checked my bill closely as I had a long distance phone call on it to an area code I never have heard of let alone we don't use the phone as we have our cell phones. I tried to get food to go from Lava as they stated they would do it. But I guess if your not young enough and hot enough to get a bartendar's attention at the bar to place the order your SOL. So when that didn't work at approx. 9 p.m. at night I tried to get room service, but we were placed on hold for over 15 mins. before we finally gave up. On the positive side the Grand Lux is better than the one at the Venetian.	
May 3 2009 	Horrible service/housekeeping stole money	I have stayed at many hotels on the strip and The Palazzo was my worst experience by far. When we arrived, we could not check in because their computers were down and they could not issue room keys. They took down our phone number and called us when our room was ready. When we finally got to our room, it was the wrong one. We had to go back downstairs, request a new room and move all of our luggage. Before we left each day I made sure all my &quot;valuables&quot; were packed away in my suitcase and not visible. After a long day on the strip, I returned to my room, started to gather all my money to see how much I had left and all the money I left in my room was missing. My suitcase was open, which I always leave closed on purpose. When I called the front desk, crying, all they said was they would make a report. They didn't apologize or ask me any questions about the incident. You would think they would like to know these things so they don't have people like that working in their hotels.	
May 2 2009 	Expectations were too high	My boyfriend I arrived at the Palazzo from Toronto at 1am our time, check in with no line ups so we were on our way to the room in no time. Once we arrive to a beautiful room, we had the view of the strip so I went stright to the window to see the view. Once I get there there are over 30 moths all over the curtains! It was disgusting!! Turn on a light and there are more flying around the room. We were so grossed out so we went downstairs to see if we can switch rooms asap. Hotel staff said there were no rooms available so we should leave our luggage in the room and come back in an hour. We were tired from travelling but didn't mind and went to SushiSamba in the hotel for a good hour. We go back to the room and it was still filled with moths!! Go back downstairs, we are both over tired and annoyed so after arguing with management we were able to get upgraded to the top floor &quot;penthouse&quot; but the rooms were the exact same. No biggie because we just wanted a clean room to sleep. We arrive to the 50th floor with so many moths in the room again!! By the way, moths are a phobia of mine. I called front desk to complain and they said they were calling a cleaning lady to come vacuum them up. We waited, my boyfriend was killing them, no one came and we got a phone call at 6am (our time) asking if they can come then! It was not a good start to our long weekend. Next morning we complain again because the moths were coming through a vent in the washroom. We asked for our first night free or to take care of our dinner at SushiSamba we didn't need and they said no and offered us a $25 credit! ha ha We were a little insulted and didn't even take it.Next morning I ordered 2 coffees to the room. Over an hour to get the $19 coffees. There are a few coffee shops in the hotel, I recommend to go there instead, lines are long because room service is slow. Illy coffee place is the fastest with shortest lines...My boyfriend wanted to use the gym that morning which is usually free at hotels but it was $100 for 3 days! Way overpriced...We go by the main pool but the sun doesn't come out till around 1pm and the hotel is so high it blocked the sun. We like to tan. If you get up early, before 10am you may have a chance of getting a chair at one of the other pools that are more in the sun.Tao beach is the only good pool if you are 21-35ish and want to have fun instead of a relaxing day. Kinda like a pool party with dJ's, good music, good looking crowd unlike the pools at Palazzo where it's very quiet and I found very boring. Besides the moth issues, Palazzo is a beautiful hotel with good restaurants but I don't know if I would recommend it to my friends. We've been to Vegas many times and prefer Bellagio and HardRock if we are going for a fun weekend. Palazzo is a new hotel and needs improvement especially on pleasing guests and the service - cleaning, food, ordering drinks at the pool etc is really slow.	
Apr 30 2009 	Amazing place but Housekeeping needs improvement	We just returned from a great trip in Vegas at the Palazzo. The hotel is truly amazing. The rooms are so upscale and large. The food we had in the hotel was great. The pool was really nice and warm even on some cooler/windy days. The only thing that needs improving is the housekeeping. One day we did not leave the room until 1 pm. When we returned at 4, the room still wasn't clean so we called the front desk and asked for it to be cleaned. We came back at 6 and still not cleaned, so we called again and they assured us it would be cleaned. We came back for the night at 10:45 and it still was not clean. We called and asked for an exchange of towels at least. Thirty minutes later and our towels still had not arrived. We called again. Finally our towels arrived at 11:35 at night. Totally ridiculous and very frustrating. Also, there was no turn down service at night which I really like at upscale hotels.	
Apr 29 2009 	Palazzo - Great Vegas hotel	We stayed at the Palazzo for 3 nights in the first week of April, and were very happy with our stay overall. The check-in was a little long, but not too bad. The hotel is immense, as are all the hotels in Vegas. This was my wife and I's first trip back to Vegas for about 6 years, it sure does get bigger everytime you go... The Casino floor in the Palazzo is great, very lavishly decorated, laid out well, with good signs for where to go for restaurants, the shops, etc. There are guards at the elevators to stop anyone who isn't staying at the hotel from going up the elevators. We stayed in a basic suite. It was 2/3's of the way up the tower, can't remember exactly which floor, but it was not a concierge suite. The room was fantastic. Still looked new, smelled clean, and all the upholstery/carpet/bed linen was in great shape, with the exception of a little melted carpet. Someone had dropped the iron on the floor, lol. The room was huge. double vanities, big shower, separate tub, huge bed area, and a step-down lounge area. Great view of the strip. Great TV's, with actual HD broadcasting. (I can't stand places that advertise HDTV, then you get there and they don't even have an HD signal) Can't find one thing to complain about whatsoever about the room, it was really, really great. We ate in the Gran Lux Cafe, which was very good. Also got drinks at Double Helix, which is right in the middle of the shopping area, great wine list there. We ate one night at Sushi Samba. Not impressive, IMO. Way too loud for a dinner place (it was literally as loud as a nightclub), small portions, not that exciting for the price tag. Everywhere in Vegas is ridiculously expensive, but some of the restaurants are worth paying for, and some aren't, IMO. We went to club Lavo one night... yeah, that made me feel old. The upstairs part of Lavo is definitely for the kiddies (25 and under) while the main floor/lounge area was more to our liking. If you actually want to booze it up at any of these places while you are here, take out a second mortgage before you come out... $9 for a beer and $4.50 FOR A DIET COKE!!! insane. The ridiculous prices for food/drink are par for the course everywhere, though, so that's not a reflection on the Palazzo, but I thought i'd point it out. The shopping in the Palazzo is very good. We shopped a lot, and were pleasantly surprised with how helpful the staff in the stores were in general, all over. They have one watch store that has some exquisite timepieces (FP Journe, Vacharon, Patek, etc, etc. Barneys, Chloe, Louboutin were some of my wife's favorites. Lots of 'high-end everything' to look at!!Gripes about the Palazzo? Well, we did hear the Traesure Island pirate show/rock concert at night, while we were in the room but it definitely didn't bother us one bit. I could see how some people would not like it though. Other than that, I really don't have any negatives... Vegas in general takes forever to walk around, just because of the layout. For instance, we went to Treasure Island for dinner, and Mystere, and it literally took us 30 minutes to get there from our room... It's that far through the laborynth they have set up for pedestrian crossing. This is no different than anywhere else on the strip though. Highly recommend this place!	
Apr 28 2009 	Concierge Floor Access---not worth an extra $100/day	4th visit to Palazzo and decided to upgrade to the concierge floor. Totally NOT worth it UNLESS you have children and want to save $ on snack/soda purchases in the gift shop.The service was as wonderful as you would expect, however the food was skimpy and not good enough to justify the added expense (it also did not live up to the front desk clerk's sales pitch). The hotel was not full, yet the food presentations were far from plentiful (and I was NOT trying to avoid buying a real meal), they lacked imagination, and did not justify the $100/day.Bottom line: LOVE the hotel, but will not upgrade to the club floor on my next visit	
Apr 28 2009 	laid-back upscale LV experience at Palazzo	Just got back from a 3 night stay at the Palazzo Las Vegas. My family (wife and two kids, 12 and 10), took a vacation through Sedona and the Grand Canyon and ended up on the Strip. We were looking for a &quot;kid friendly&quot; laid back LV experience and got it. We booked at the Venetian and were &quot;upsold&quot; to the Palazzo for a larger room. The room was very nice, but not worth the price (3 nights for $847, which included a $30 food credit at Woo (didn't use), $50 slot credit and a 2for1 at Madame Toussad's (didn't use) and the gondola ride, kids did it but were bored). The positives were nice room, good location away from the busiest part of the strip (and some of the more adult-oriented establishments); pools were nice; all the restaurants were good (but expensive). But the room needs repairs and upkeep (three broken drawers, missing faucet handle!! stickers left on ceilings!!!); the cost was very high for what you get (not even any coffee in the room -- you have to buy it downstairs). and all the restaurants seem overpriced -- but I guess that you are paying more for the &quot;upscale&quot; atmospheres.Security was very good (I like the fact that they check room keys at the hotel and pools); nice spa; Grand Lux Cafe was great for breakfast (but $$$); CarneeVino was great steak and service (but $$$$$).Poker Room in the Venetian Casino was excellent (better than Caesars and TI). The whole family loved the Blue Man Group (my kids laughed so hard).Overall, a very fine experience for a more laid-back, upscale LV experience	
Apr 27 2009 	High Marks All Around	I just got back from a short 3 day visit to Vegas with 2 friends. We chose the Palazzo because their Bella Suite configuration was perfect for 3 people. It had 2 queen beds in the main room and a sunken living room with a large sleeper sofa. The bathroom was spacious and the suite had TV's all over. Experience was good all around. It has a convenient location on the Strip with a connection to the Venetian. The pool area is nice. They have a Canyon Ranch Spa area which we did not use but it looked great. The shops are high end and nice to look at, although not too many people were buying. Great choice of restaurants in the hotel and we ate at Dos Caminos (6/10) and Sushi Samba (7/10). We also partied at Lavo, the nightclub in the hotel and appreciated not having to pay a cover charge or wait to get in on Friday night, which is common when you are guys. The only two negatives are 1) when we checked in, they unsuccessfully tried to upsell us on a nicer view for $45/night, which was weird, since our pre-booked 39th floor suite had an outstanding view of the Wynn golf course and Vegas skyline. Also, one day, we came back late from golf and our suite had not been made up, so we had to call. Otherwise service was very good and I liked this hotel a lot.	
Apr 27 2009 	Beautiful Hotel Casino 	Stayed at the Palazzo for 4 nights for convention. It is a beautiful hotel and the room was great. Seems well kept and clean. Had an issue with a broken exterior door handle and was greeted by a gentleman in maintenance within 5 minutes of notifying housekeeping!!! Great amenities, gorgeous pool &amp; truly high end shopping! Had lunch a couple times at the Lux Cafe (owned by Cheesecake Factory) &amp; the food was fantastic... you must try the Flautas! Spent most time on the penny slots... tables were too rich for my blood! If you're looking for $5 mins you pretty much need to go Downtown. As for luck, I've never had it good although... no one else I was with ran with a winning streak either. I would recommend the Palazzo for anyone staying in Vegas!	
Apr 26 2009 	The Palazzo is "All That"	My wife and I stayed there while I was on business. I've stayed in this caliber of hotel many times, but this one truely is outstanding. I've been in larger hotels that had outlandish decor throughout, but The Palazzo was very well done and all of the staff was excellant too. The hotel is easy to get around in too...it's layed out well. This is an &quot;all suites&quot; hotel and the rooms are very nice. Even the standard suite was very roomy and nice. When staying there, spring for the extra cost to have &quot;the stip view&quot;, it's worth it. My room was on the 31st floor, directly over the expansive pool area with a great view of the entire valley and the surrounding mountains. (fabulous at night)Bath room was great with tv, phone, separate make up area for her, twin sinks, large walk-in shower and large soaking tub, separate toilet room, complimentary plush bath robes and slippers and quality bath products were provided.The bedding was luxurious and veeeery comfortable. High quality linens and pillows are provided. A large flat panel tv is positioned well for ease of viewing from the bed.The living area of the suite is nice too. Another large tv is situated in the living area along with a desk/work area. A fax/printer is there for your use as well. (extra charge, but handy if needed.) A four seater dining table is in the living area too, which is made up for your in room dining, complete with crisp white table cloth, napkins...the works. The in room dining staff was the best I've encountered anywhere. Very well dressed, courteous and maticulous with the set up...all while chatting pleasantly with you.All of the staff were very nice. From the front desk staff to the security personnel, all were gracious and willing to help. We were the reason they were there and they knew it.My wife was with me so I was able to enjoy a little more than the usual business trip. We saw two shows; The Phantom of the Opera and The Jersey Boys. I recommend seeing both shows, as they were very good. Dining was outstanding too. In the Palazzo, Emeril's restaurant, Table 10, was a 10. Food quality and service were perfect. (I don't use that word often to describe a restaurant!) In the Venetian, Tao was surprisingly good. We were not expecting the interesting menu and great tastes of this pan asian restaurant. The sushi was very good!The pool area is great. Complete with everything you may need close by; dining/drinks, supplies, towels, etc. The area is made up of several pools which gives you plenty of options for the day. Pool staff was courteous and attentive, unusual for pool staff in my experience.As you can tell, I enjoyed The Palazzo &quot;experience&quot; very much and I'd say anyone that stays there would experience the same.	
Apr 26 2009 	Good stay	Lovely hotel, more 'sedate' than others on the Strip which is makes a nice change in Vegas.The Good: Spacious room and bathroom, comfy bed. Nice casino, friendly staff. Pools were great, although service very slow there. The No So Good: The Luxury Suite we'd booked wasn't available at check-in. We were assigned a Queen Suite instead, but as this had a Strip view we decided to take it for the duration.Gave up after waiting 10 minutes for someone at the front desk to answer the phone.Lavo Restaurant - mediocre food at vastly inflated prices.	
Apr 26 2009 	Love the Palazzo	My husband and I stayed at the Palazzo for a 5 night get away and loved it. We had requested a room that was not available upon our arrival so they put us up in a huge suite on the 47 floor until our room was ready the next day, (there was no charge for the suite.) The rooms were clean and the staff in the casino was excellent. If you get the chance rent a cabana for your stay it is well worth the money. Having said that we didn't really eat dinner in the hotel as we were travelling with other family members who had booked dinner prior to getting to Vegas, so if you get the chance try Il Mulino, New York. All in all excellent hotel for the $$$. Can't wait to go back.	
Apr 25 2009 	Venetian 2.0	For a decade the Venetian was a premier property on the Las Vegas strip. But with all great things, staying on top requires reinvention or improvement. The Palazzo has done both - the styling is classic, yet modern and the hotel has an energy about it.Rooms are decorated in the same Venetian fashion, but with a more modern and trendy flare. The hotel features an upscale lobby, virtual smoke free casino and a variety of great restaurants for any meal occassion.Management made a great decision when they jettisoned the exclusive 40 Deuce club (sports bar meets NYC night club) for a relaxed sportsbar.Overall, the Palazzo is a fantastic hotel in a prime strip location. Don't hesitate to grab any great deals that come your way.	
Apr 24 2009 	One of our best so far......	Beautiful hotel. We were in town for a convention. All of the staff were helpful an friendly. The lobby is gorgeous! There was visible security at all times. The casino was your average casino in the lobby-----smokey and loud. We stayed on the 15th floor and had a wonderful room. Tastefully done in marble on floors and countertops. Flat screen TVs. Sunken sitting room with huge sofa. Could hear planes in the distance from the airport but didn't bother me at all. Big comfy bed. Lots of attractions within walking distance. The Venetian is attached, lots of shopping there. Just down the street in Caesar's palace, Mirage, Treasure Island, etc... easy to get to with the big sidewalks. Great experience at the Canyon Ranch spa in the hotel!	
Apr 24 2009 	A must do-again	Received a comp offer from the Venetian/Palazzo and instead of staying at our usual hotel (Caesars) we decided to give it a try.Beautiful rooms. The only criticism was that the headboard was dusty- something we could live with. During our stay, the light in the bathroom (seperate toilet area) went out, but these things happen.Room service was prompt and accurate. Food was surprisingly good for room service.The check in at invited guest check in was simple and straight forward.My only complaint was that the bell service misplaced our request to have our bags sent up to our room and we had to call twice after waiting over an hour and a half.Check out was fast and easy.This is a beautiful hotel to which I am bringing 8 friends to next week. We will see how that goes.	
Apr 24 2009 	Pure relaxation	Stayed at the Palazzo April 17 to 19th and it met all our expectations.Arrived around 1 p.m. and had a very short check in line and our room was ready immediately. Appreciated how they had someone to meet you at the front of the check in line and escort you to the next available agent. We requested a refrigerator for our room and we were provided one free of charge.We had a room on the 26th floor facing the Wynn pools and golf course. A beautiful view that didn't make it worth it to upgrade for a strip view. As I love a darkened room in the morning, really liked the remote controlled curtains that kept the room pitch black. Unlike other hotels the Palazzo actually provided HD channels on the 3 flat screen TVs. Unlike other reviewers I found the room perfectly clean each day and the furniture was not worn. One warning, if you turn off the master switch by the front door at night the light in the toilet areas won't turn on, so be more selective about turning off individual lights rather than the master. Only other complaint about the room is that the bed and pillows were rather hard for my liking. Strange as it seems there are no more comfortable beds in Las Vegas than the ones at Treasure Island.We spent an afternoon by the pool. Appreciate that it was on the third floor so did not need to walk through the casino or lobby. Although the pools were crowded we did not have any trouble finding chairs and had many options. As others have noted drink service is extremely slow. We ordered a pitcher of sangria and it took almost an hour for the waitress to return with it. My wife actually had time to order a pizza from Solaro and return with it before our drinks arrived. Pizza was very good by the way. Also had an issue where I paid the waitress by credit card but my room was also charged. Front desk took care of the charge quickly though.Palazzo has some really great restaurants. We had a wonderful dinner at Table 10 where both the food and service were superb. We also stopped by sushi samba several times for some great cocktails along with some very interesting and tasty sushi rolls. Although both places suffer a little in ambiance by being in the shops area of the hotel. We are always a fan of Grand Lux Cafe but were even more so upon finding out they have a $15 breakfast buffet that includes beverages. If we had ordered coffee and juice alone from the main menu, it would have been $10 each.Next time we are in Vegas we will be looking to return to the Palazzo especially if they continue to offer such great rates for such a superior room.	
Apr 23 2009 	Beautiful.	This was a beautiful hotel, excellent staff service and services. The room was fantastic, bathroom moreso, and it was an excellent location for all things Vegas. I would highly recommend this hotel, and plan on booking it again for any Vegas travel I run into :)	
Apr 23 2009 	Perfect	My wife an I stayed at the Palazzo from April 17th to the 20th 2009. We stayed in a regular room on the 43rd floor overlooking the strip. The room was clean and spacious and dispite some of the other comments posted about the rooms being dirty and buttons missing off of the couch, our room was perfect. We ordered room service for breakfast every morning and it was great. We had diner at Table 10, Valentinos and Zine. All of the reseraunts had great food and great service. We spent some time at one of the many pools but had no luck getting anyone to bring us drinks. I thing it was just so busy that there wasn't enough staff on to wait on all of the people at the pool. I woul recommend this hotel to anyone looking to get away and have a good time in the great city of Las Vegas.	
Apr 22 2009 	First Time at Palazzo and Can't Wait to Return	My husband and I recently stayed at the Palazzo due to a business commitment. We both fell in love with this resort. Although there was a long line formed for check-ins, the staff must have anticipated it because there had to be at least 15 to 20 front desk attendants to keep the process moving smoothly. The suite we requested wasn't ready at our noon arrival time, so we left my cell phone number for them to call when it was. We checked out bags and had a lovely lunch at Enoteca San Marco's and attended to some business while we waited.We had a suite on the 33rd floor overlooking the Venetian pool complex and the Mirage, which allowed us a great view of the volcano show each evening. The remote-controlled blinds and curtains were a nice tough, also. The room was clean, stocked with plush towels, robes and slippers, along with a toiletry kit and nice-smelling shampoos, lotion and bath gel. The bed was very comfortable, and there was no hall noise or sounds from adjoining rooms during our stay.When I went downstairs the first morning to the casino-level coffee shop, located right outside the guest elevator bank, there was a bit of a line. The security guard told me there was no line on the second-level coffee shop. He said if I didn't have brand preference, I would have no wait there. He then proceeded to escort me there, which was a nice touch. A second security guard was kind enough to help us find the Bouchon restaurant at the Venetia Tower when we were lost, escorting us until we could find our way.We also had a great time in the casino. They had many of our favorite games and slot machines, and the Club Grazie player's club staff were very helpful and courteous.We hope we are lucky enough to stay at the Palazzo on our next visit to Las Vegas.	
Apr 19 2009 	Palazzo Las Vegas	Background: I visit Las Vegas at least twice a year and have stayed on the strip from Imperial Palace to the MGM Sky Lofts.Palazzo is simply amazing and its my second stay here. Its fresh, new and contemporary over the Venetian styled rooms next door. The lobby is spacious with a host that greets you by name and assist you as you wait for the next agent while you wait in line. The casino is spacious and ample in height o allow the smoke to dissipate above. The choices in restaurant is amazing from the affordable Grand Lux Cafe (Cheesecake) to Morels, a great steakhouse and onion soup to die for. Rooms are spacious and never ample LCDs (3) to keep you entertained in the room. Beds are one of the most comfortable around and quiet. I know everyone mentions that if youre in Vegas &quot;you dont sleep anyways&quot; But think of this...The sleep that you do require, for the 3 or 4 hours, is precious, and I want to be in the most comfortable bed and quiet atmosphere as much as possible....Palazzo is it. No slamming doors...no maid knocking at early hours. At 730 ft2 sized suites it offers a nice retreat. Its centrally located to the fashion show mall, caesars forum shoppes, shoppes at the palazzo, canal shoppes for those that shop. The gaming is reasonable too with out the high min stakes over at the wynn, offers a great poker room (venetian) and other gaming tables and slots.This would be the choice for all future stays....	
Apr 19 2009 	Wonderful Stay at The Palazzo	My wife and I stayed at Palazzo from April 10-14. I did much research into a hotel for this visit and it came down to Palazzo, Venetian, or Bellagio. I am so happy I chose Palazzo. I waited and waited for a great promo rate and one finally arrived a few weeks before we left. Our check-in and check-out were smooth. Nobody from the bell desk approached us as we got out of our taxi from the airport, but that was okay with me. Our room was beautiful. Although it was the &quot;lowest&quot; as far as cost, it was an excellent place to stay for four days. Our room looked out over the Wynn golf course. By day the view wasn't much, but at night the view was nice. We had beautiful sunrises each morning over the mountains as well. The room had tons of space as I had heard. The bathroom was wonderful with a separate toilet room, separate shower, and beautiful fixtures. Our bed was very comfortable, as was the sectional sofa in the sleeping area. My only complaints about the room I could come up with was the cordless phone by the bed didn't seem to work at all. And the remote for the tv was very slow to respond in my opinion. Neither were big problems as we didn't watch much, if any, tv, nor did we talk on the phone.We enjoyed the proximity of this hotel to Wynn, Venetian, TI, and Mirage. The smell in the casino and common areas that seems to bother so many, didn't bother me at all. I actually like it.My wife and I got great coffee and pasties at the Coffee Bean by the elevators. The line was always small and the coffee and pastries delicious. We ate at Grand Lux twice for lunch and loved it both times. We at at (Emeril's) Table 10 and had a fantastic meal with perfect service. We enjoyed the pool on two of the days we were there. Drink service there was pretty good and the pool and pool area seemed very clean. Overally, I loved the Palazzo. I would stay there again in a heartbeat. My only complaint is that their video blackjack machines in the casino didn't allow you to double down or split pairs on a $1 bet. Wynn, Encore, TI, Bellagio, Mirage, NYNY, and even Venetian's machines did, so I have no idea why Palazzo's machines don't.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great for restaurants location TAO 	It was the first time that we went to Vegas &amp; we had 3 rooms booked via Virgin Holidays direct at the Palazzo. Once we checked in, the rooms were all with very bad views so we upgraded to a concierge suite. What i did not like is the add on extras that they charge, ie: A strip view, extra for another double bed for my 2 boys, they expected my kids to sleep on a sofa bed for 11 nights!!! The laundry is the same price for kids clothes &amp; adults &amp; it is very expensive. 5 items were £35. We loved the Palazzo until we saw the Wynn. The Wynn was much more elite &amp; more of a wow factor so next time i will be staying there. However, the Palazzo was all good, service, staff, rooms were all excellent. The only snag was the phones in the room &amp; the showers. If you like a powerfull shower then get someone in right away to adjust the power &amp; the phone batteries keep going dead. We went with kids &amp; we had a baby sitter every night for 10 nights which was very expensive!!! I would strongly recommed travelling without kids but did not have a choice. The hotel does not have baby sitting facilities &amp; I was not told that childrten under 5 are not permitted in most of the top shows. We saw the Blue Man group which I did not enjoy as much as the other shows. We loved Phantom Of The Opera &amp; Arthur Frank Magic was excellent in the Tropicana Hotel (That you must take kids to see. ) You can buy tickets from the half price booth outside Fashion Show Mall. You must go to Tao on a weekend which is very similar to Budha Bar. We enjoyed the food at TAO &amp; the abience &amp; music were excellent. We also ate at Grand Luxe, Lambourgini, Woo, Zine Noodles Dimsum, Carnevino. All were very different &amp; I would highly recomend except for the last which was way to expensive &amp; plain. We managed to get half price tickets for Phantom of the Opera which was the highlight of the holiday. Shopping was great in Vegas but due to the exchange rate, London is cheaper. However, portions are huge. Overall, I would choose the Palazzo for dinning but the Wynn for glamour. By the way, the buffet at Planet Hollywood was number 1 &amp; has been for 5 years running. Did not like the bufft in Paris. We are not gamblers so we saw all of the the top hotels on the strip &amp; shows everynight. The Palazzo comes second to the Wynn but the Wynn lacks dinning experience &amp; the best part of the Palazzo is that it is connected to the Venitien &amp; service was great. The Grand Canyon is also a must. Again, children are the same price as adults.	
Apr 17 2009 	Loved loved loved the Palazzo!	We've stayed in several Vegas hotels over the years, but this is by far the best. Beautiful rooms, excellent service, and a great location. 5 minute walk to the Wynn, Venetian, or T.I. depending on which direction you go. Fabulous restaurants throughout the hotel, especially SushiSamba, the Brazilian sushi bar. Also loved the Bouchon breakfast (in the Venetian...connected). Can't wait to return!	
Apr 15 2009 	It Sparkles!	We went for New years eve and had a great time.The rooms are massive, beautiful and luxurious, we would be back in an instant.It has a good central strip location also.The negative is if you like your buffets you need to go elsewhere as there isn't one but that is It!!!Also if you are going to Las Vegas and want to do a helicopter over the Grand canyon I would recommend Maverick they were great!	
Apr 15 2009 	Our First Stay at The Palazzo ...... but it wont be our last !	Despite the Venetian being our favourite destination in Vegas we decided to take our oldest two children (plus my daughters boyfriend) to The Palazzo as a 21st Birthday present to them both. we picked the Palazzo over the Ventian on the basis that it was probably the same - only different - and we were not wrong. its hard to fault the Venetian and i have to say the same goes for the Palazzo. The rooms are large &amp; very comfortable with everything you would need. we always ask for a high floor (we were on the 48th) as the view is spectacular and our view of TI &amp; the Wynn/Encore did not disappoint. The Children were upgraded to a 2 Bedroom suite, due to a convention being in town, so really enjoyed a VIP experience - they thought they were in an episode of Cribs ! we also really liked the way the pool decks of both hotels are connected via attractive walkways so getting a sun lounger by the pool should never be a problem.the only tangible difference i could see from the Venetian was that the Casino layout has a more open and modern feel than the Venetian and thats neither a plus or a negative its just different. Plus the Palazzo reception is very nice but not as impresiisve as the Venetian. the only slight critiscism was that the breakfast room service was very slow but having said that there was a large convention in the hotel during our stay and we could have used the pre order breakfast system had we wanted - but who wants to be that organised in vegas.The Palazzo is top notch in our oppinon and next year it will be tough to decide whether we go for a Venetian or Palazzo experience - and what a tough choice that will be !	
Apr 14 2009 	Really really good	While it the Palazzo rooms are very similar to the Venetian (jsut different colors) we enjoyed our stay here alot more. Walking from Valet to checkin was not a marathon and to be greeted by your name made us feel very special. Check-in was extremely quick and the walk to the elevators was also close by. While you still have to walk through the casino it is not a huge walk through like some. We had room 39-737 an extremely quiet room (2nd from the end of the hall) with a great view of the Wynn gold course. We literally heard little noise from our neighbours and were up high enough to not hear the road traffic either. All over a really good room. We were there to relax and having HD-tv's was a bonus .. crystal clear viewing.  Not a complaint from us.	
Apr 14 2009	$20 worked like a charm	We went to invited guest check-in ,(per our guest relations reservation). I slipped the sandwich over the counter -- cc, $20, and DL and we were upgraded from the basic luxury suite at the venetian to the Bella suite with view at the palazzo. Just as the many ,many other reviews have stated,-- as soon as the young gal saw the $20, she typed away on her computer and made a few phone calls and that was it. We were checked in early and this was at 11 am. Our booked guaranteed reservation suite was not even ready yet and the upgraded suite with a view was!I would definitely try this again at hotel reservations in las vegas.I also tried the sandwich at the box office for a show on the strip and we were given tickets in the VIP section. Again, the young gal saw the $20 sandwich and said that will not be a problem. Bingo, we were moved up to the 5th row from the stage. Definitely will try again.	
Apr 13 2009 	Double charged for room	My wife reserved our room with her card and I placed the charges on my card. However, we were charged for Palazzo Las Vegas twice with two slight variations in the name. Neither the cc company nor Palazzo would tell us where the money went or refund to us. Beware the double credit card charge!	
Apr 12 2009 	Nice rooms but could be better	Stayed here for five nights in April. Beautiful lobby welcomes you when you arrive and the casino is roomy and never felt crowded. Selfparked in the garage, never had a problem finding a good space and it's closer to the guest-room elevators than the valet.Check-in at 11 am Sunday morning took 5 minutes. Got a Strip view room on the 30th floor facin TI. Although the rooms are beautiful it could have been cleaner. Some kind of cereal was left by the window the entire stay and the couch seemed very dirty with stains all over it.The staff was a hit and miss. Almost no one said hallo or good morning as you would pass theme in the hallways. The maids never even maid eye contact. The security by the elevators looked angry most of the time, not very service minded in my eyes. In these days the staff is really important to sell you on their property and I'm sorry to say that the staff att The Palazzo didn't do a great job.Pool area is ok, crowded and small pools, it was Spring Break so a lot of kids. One thing I never understood was why they played loud music by the pool. Music is fine by me but when i can't talk to the person next to me without raising my voice something is wrong.Would I go back to Palazzo? With all the choices in Las Vegas and the current prices I'm not sure. Rooms are nice, location is good, staff not very friendly and the pool is just average. If you like me like to work out even on you vacation it's 40$ a day to use the gym! Sorry to say I did not use it.	
Apr 12 2009 	EXtremely nice hotel	This is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in. Gargantuan room on the 39th floor, with a separate step-down sitting area and big windows overlooking the swimming pools and the Vegas strip. Huge marble bath with glass shower and separate tub.Multiple swimming pools, all well maintained. Extra charge for the workout facility &amp; spa, which I did not use.Vegas in 2009 is the city of idle cranes and half-built luxury condo towers--a bit depressing, but the nicer hotels like The Venetian/Palazzo are competing for business and offering great rates. I was here on business, but my family would've enjoyed it as well.	
Apr 12 2009 	Outstanding Service	We stayed on the concierge level. The continental breakfasts and evening happy hours in the concierge lounge were great. The service we received throughout the hotel was consistently good. All were consistently helpful and cheerful. The room was beautiful and the location was great. The shops at the Palazzo are very high-end but this is Las Vegas so all you have to do is walk to the next hotel or cross the street to find more variety.If you're looking for affordable sundries, snacks and beverages, try the ABC Store at The Fashion Mall across the street.If I visit Las Vegas again, the Palazzo is definitely where I would stay.	
Apr 12 2009 	A Sweet Suite Experience – The Palazzo Las Vegas	My wife and I had the opportunity to spend two nights at the Palazzo in Las Vegas April 4th and 5th 2009. We loved every aspect of our stay.We drove to town and deposited our car with the valet and luggage with a bellman. We had reserved a Concierge level room (suite) based on many comments on Trip Advisor. A couple of days before arrival I received an email describing the check-in process. We drove to the Palazzo, left our car with the valet and our luggage with a bellman and proceeded to the 23rd floor Concierge lounge.We were greeted immediately and check-in took only a few minutes. We received the requested king bed suite on the 25th floor, which is non-smoking. We used the private elevator that runs between 23rd and 28th floors which we thought was kind of cool. Two elevators service the six concierge floors so one comes almost immediately and gives a feeling of exclusivity.Our suite, #25833 was wonderful! It smelled fresh and was spotlessly clean. It had every amenity we could want including being absolutely quite. We never heard any noise whatsoever when we were in our room which I appreciated. Our only frustration was that it took over an hour to get our luggage once the concierge called for it. I called guest services a couple of times and it finally arrived.The king bed was very comfortable and the pillows and bed linens seemed to be very high quality. Night stands and lamps were on both sides of the bed. There was a CD player with clock radio on one side and phone on the opposite night stand. On the wall across from the bed was a 42” High Def flat-screen TV. Under that was a dresser with a lighted top. Next to the bed was a double-door lighted closet.On the wall between the sleeping area and sitting area were the thermostat and the remote for the blinds and black-out curtains. Our suite had a view of basically…nothing of interest. Our suite faced East and the bellman suggested we close the black-out curtains if we wanted to sleep later in the morning.The sitting area had a large sectional sofa and a large coffee table. The couch was very comfortable. There was a small desk next to the couch with both wired and wireless internet connection. Because the charge was $9.95 per day I used my Verizon wireless connection instead. Next to the desk were a Brother multi-function (AIO) printer, fax, copier, and scanner. The work area seemed cramped, but we were not in Las Vegas to work.Across from the sofa were a 32” flat-screen High Def TV and a standard DVD player. Some of the channels on this TV did not work, but again we were not in Vegas to watch TV so it did not matter to us. We did not report the problem. Under the TV was a mini bar, which we did not use, and an electronic safe, which we did use. Also across from the sofa was a round table and chairs with seating for three.The bathroom was very luxurious with both a deep bathtub and a glass-enclosed shower. The vanity area had dual sinks and an assortment of high quality bath amenities. Towels for three were provided and my wife commented that she liked them better than ours at home. Two resort robes were also hanging in the bathroom and a 19” high-definition TV was mounted so above the vanity area. The water closet had a dual line phoneWe went to the Concierge lounge at about 5:30 to see what appetizers were being offered. We had not intended to make it our dinner, but the food was so good it and we ate so much of it that it was our dinner. That night food was from the Mario Batali restaurant B&amp;B Ristorante at the Venetian next door. Service in the Concierge Lounge was very good. It was crowded, but the food was continually replenished. Mixed drinks were only served at the bar, but one of the attendants offered non-mixed drinks including wine and champagne continually.For me, the biggest benefit of paying to upgrade to the Concierge Level was coffee in the morning. Coffee and a continental breakfast were available from 6:00 AM. The continental breakfast was nicely presented and included fruit, baked goods, cold cereals, juice and croissant breakfast sandwiches. I enjoyed starting my days sitting and reading by one of the windows that overlook The Strip and enjoying three or four cups of the excellent coffee.Both my wife and I liked the Palazzo’s casino. It was less smoky than others and easy to navigate with wide aisles running from side to side and end to end. You did not have to weave your way through the casino to get to the guest room elevators as in some other casinos. At the entry to the guest elevators security seemed to do a good job checking room keys helping ensure non-guests were not wandering around.My wife and I both enjoy breakfast so we ate at Grand Luxe Café both mornings. For the first time ever in Las Vegas, I had a tip refused. The restaurant was full so I offered the hostess a tip for a booth. I was very surprised when we were politely told we would have a booth and a tip was unnecessary. Wow. My wife ordered a Garden Omelet both days and said it was the best omelet she ever had. I did the buffet and thought the food was excellent.Our only other dining experience was at Morels. We had a late lunch Monday and look forward to returning for dinner the next time we visit The Palazzo. The service and food at lunch were excellent, including a wonderful Vanilla Pavlova we split for desert. Morels offers a selection of specialty coffees and I really enjoyed the excellent Kenyan coffee.We used express check-out which involved filling out a card and leaving it at the Concierge desk. We had a bellman pick up our luggage when we checked out. When we left late in the afternoon we turned in the claim checks for both our car and luggage. Both arrived in about five minutes.We enjoyed our stay at The Palazzo very much. It is a beautiful hotel and the service was excellent. It may sound odd, but The Palazzo just felt very comfortable to my wife and I!	
Apr 12 2009 	Extremely Friendly Staff	After reading the reviews, I was apprehensive about staying here. However, it all faded after entering the hotel. The lobby was beautiful. As soon as I enter the check-in line, I was greeted by someone and escorted to a agent. The agent was extremely friendly. I asked her for a quiet room. She said the higher floor will be more quiet. I booked the fortuna suite and she gave me a complimentary upgrade to the sienna suite for all three nights. The suite was huge, with a separate bedroom, huge living room, and the bathroom was amazing - jacuzzi and great shower with the massaging body jets. To top it off, there was an exercise room with a Life Fitness elliptical Trainer! Unbelievable. Loved the remote control for the curtails. Requested a complimentary newspaper. Never got it, She said it was delivered and hung on the door since I had the do not disturb sign on the door. I told her I think someone took it along with my sign. Within ten minutes someone redelivered the paper and a new sign. Impressive. The hotel and casino layout was great. Did not get lost looking for elevators, restaurants, etc. Plus loved the shops and pool.Can't wait to return.	
Apr 11 2009 	Great comfortable experience at a stylish hotel	We've just come back from 9 nights at the Palazzo - and we had a great time.Check-in was fairly quick - although we had arrived at 10pm on a Tuesday night, so hardly the busiest time for check-in. We were offered an upgrade to a Bella suite for $100 a night but declined as we didn't think that we'd be spending enough time in the room to warrant nearly an extra $1000. We were offered a strip view for an extra $45 per night - which we thought would be cool so we accepted. At that point, the check-in clerk excused herself and disappeared for a few minutes. When she came back, she explained that a strip view room wasn't available for the full 9 nights so they would put us in one room for the first night, then change us to another room for the remaining 8 nights. And because of the inconvenience, the upgrade fee was waived - hooray! The strip view faced the TI, so we got a great view of the Sirens show.However, we couldn't get into our new room until about 4pm the next day. And when we arrived in our room, our luggage hadn't been moved. There was some confusion because the bellhop thought we were moving from that room and then he went to the wrong room to collect our luggage. But finally, we got our luggage and the bellhop was very pleasant - wanted to make sure we were happy with the room.Both rooms were lovely - they are fairly large, and have a contempory style. There is a nice lounge area with a huge HD TV. The bed was comfortable although a little short for my 6'3'' husband; with another 32&quot; HD TV. The bathroom is huge, with a separate bath and shower. There are two sinks, a dressing table and a third TV - although this one wasn't HD. The room was always cleaned to a high standard - although it wasn't cleaned one day, and another day, we had to call guest services twice to get it cleaned. There isn't a routine turn down service - but the day we had to ask for cleaning service twice, they came up quite late (after we'd left for dinner) and they provided a turn down service. Previous posts complain about the lack of the turn down service - maybe you have to request it - ?The casino had a nice relaxed feel about it - there was no frenetic buzz like you feel at other casinos. Drinks service was scarce but prompt when you got it.There are some great restaurants in the hotel, including a Mexican with the guacomole voted best on the strip (and it was delicious!). There are also some great bars - can recommend Sushisamba and the Double Helix wine bar.The pool area was really nice - there's a lot of sun beds and there are plenty of pool attendants to help you find somewhere if it's busy. Drinks service was a little scarce but there is a shop nearby where you can buy soft drinks. There is also a water dispenser available (which I didn't know about until after I bought the water - bummer!)The location was excellent - next door to the Wynn, across from the Fashion Show Mall and the TI. What was also great was that the connection to the Venetian is really close - which might sound stupid because they are next door to each other. But last time we were in Vegas, we stayed in the Signature, and it took us 15-20 mins to walk to the MGM. Whereas in the Palazzo, you just walk through the casino and you're there - 5 mins tops.Overall, we had a really lovely stay - the hotel is beautifully styled, but it has a much more relaxed pace than the Venetian. It never felt overcrowded even though there were a lot of conventions on when we were there. It was always so nice coming back to the hotel after a long day of sightseeing. I would happily stay at the Palazzo again - but only if we got the same deal again!	
Apr 11 2009 	Our room has seen better days. Very disappointing.	We had a pleasant stay at the Palazzo, but were very disappointed with our room. It wasn't clean and welcoming and did not live up to it's reported staus as a luxury hotel. Many stains on the marble countertops, the chaise lounges at the end of the beds were stained and ripped. The couches were so disgusting we didn't feel comfortable sitting on them. The windows had finger prints and a greasy little happy face. The service was good and the staff friendly.The location was great.The pool areas, although VERY busy were nice and clean.The food was outstanding. But really, I don't think you could get a bad meal in Vegas.	
Apr 11 2009 	The Palazzo Concierge Bella Suite Was Lovely	My sister and I went to Las Vegas for a getaway and thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Palazzo. I read the Tripadvisor reviews before I booked the stay and was convinced to try the hotel. We travel alot and are very picky. We were not disappointed.We stayed in a Bella Suite and the room was absolutely beautiful. The pictures on the Palazzo website look exactly like the room! Our suite had 2 queen beds, sunken living room, 3 flat screen tv's, dvd player, etc., etc. The room is very large with plenty of space. The bathroom has french doors, double sinks, a roman tub, glass enlosed shower with body jets, a separate room for the toilet, and a vanity with a makeup mirror.I recommend: a room on the &quot;non-view&quot; side - overlooking the Wynn golf course. The view is actually spectacular, with city lights at night and mountain views during the day. It is very calm and peaceful; quite contrasting with the hustle and bustle of the strip and all the noise downstairs in the casino. When we checked in, the concierge let us know that there is construction with large cranes outside that would interfere with the upgraded Las Vegas strip view, so we stuck with the regular view and were very pleased to save about $30 a night. Later, we saw the view from the upgraded room and believed that we made the right choice because we absolutely had the better view (whether or not there were cranes).I also highly recommend: a concierge suite. It costs more per night, but it is well worth it. We had private concierge services who checked us in quickly in the concierge lounge, booked our tickets, made reservations, got us free dvd movies to watch in our room, etc. With a concierge suite there was no waiting in long lines at the main desk in the lobby to check-in or ask questions. We also had access to the concierge lounge where there is food all day - continental breakfast (pastries, fruit, yogurt, cold cereal, oatmeal, bagels, ham and cheese croissants, toast, juice, coffee, tea), afternoon snacks (cheese/crackers, chocolates), evening open bar and hors d'oeuvres (salmon, seared tuna, quiche). Throughout our stay, we ended up paying for only one meal a day, since we ate breakfast and snacks in the lounge. The lounge is expansive with sofas and flat screens throughout, a separate media room, and a private business center. There are also plenty of tables and chairs at the wall of windows overlooking the strip (particularly the Treasure Island hotel; we watched the TI show from the lounge). The hotel is in a great location right in the center of the strip. It is across the street from the Fashion Show Mall and between the Wynn and the Venetian. There is easy access to the other hotels on Las Vegas Boulevard using the Deuce bus which was $7 a day or here's a tip...use the machine outside Circus, Circus (or other locations) to purchase a $15 pass which is good for 3 days.Our best night was spent having dinner and a show - Aquaknox and Jersey Boys. Highly recommend both. Aquaknox has fabulous seafood and the Jersey Boys was an excellent show, a musical based on the life of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons.So what was the down side? There was no coffee maker in the room (but having access to the concierge lounge made up for this). High speed internet access is $10 a day. Access to the Spa (which includes the fitness center) costs $40 per day. So, there were no workouts for us except for walking the strip. One day, they missed the turn-down service, but made up for it the next day with double chocolates. (Thus, we needed to walk the Las Vegas strip again!) Finally, it took approximately 40 minutes for the bellman to arrive after the concierge requested luggage service upon our departure for the airport. Overall, the Palazzo gets an A from me! It was a great hotel with great service.	
Apr 10 2009 	Outstanding rooms	I was in Las Vegas on a business seminar. The coordinator booked all of us at the Palazzo. I was very pleasantly surprised by the luxuriousness of the facility and the size and elegant decor of the rooms. The room price was excellent (approx 120 per night, possibly due to the number of rooms we reserved), and this was for a large suite on the 33rd floor with a fabulous view. The bed was comfy, hated the balloon-like pillows, there was a large, separated living room area with a work desk with FAX, table and chairs, L-shape couch and large TV. Internet access was about $10 per day. I spent a total of a few hours in the casino playing only slot machines. They seemed on the tight side. When in Vegas, I have other gaming destinations I prefer. I recommend this hotel for those looking for something luxurious but are somewhat budget-limited. I might stay here in the future, but to be honest, I realized I like a hotel that is not so much 'luxie-chic'. I prefer something a little less ostentacious. I dined in a few of the on-site restaurants. I enjoyed the food in 'Morel' but found the service lacking. When a colleague joined me for lunch unexpectedly, it was apparent that it ticked off our waiter. The service really went south on a very expensive lunch. The spa and workout rooms were very nice, as were the pools, but unfortunately it was too cold to swim. I have to be back in May so I made reservations to see Phantom of the Opera which is playing at either the Venetian or the Palazzo (not sure, but they connect). I'll be staying elsewhere due to business, but I'd happily stay here again.	
Apr 9 2009 	The Bad and the Ugly....Stay somewhere else!	I have been to Las Vegas two other times, we have stayed at the Caesars Palace and The Pent House Suite at the Mirage, both hotels were better than the new Palazzo. I had researched the trip for months for my boyfriend’s birthday, decided to stay at the Palazzo because it is one of the newest hotels on the strip and the rooms were large. The price was $179 per night for a Luxury suite package which included many coupons and free internet for the stay (without the package the room was $169 per night), we went Tue and Wed night. Before we arrived I spoke with Stella to let her know it was his birthday and I would like to request early check in (since we arrived at 11) and a room with a strip view, she said this would be fine and since I booked through the hotel they could accommodate this for me. This was the first out of many lies from this hotel.The Front Desk Nightmare: Checking into this hotel was one of my worst experiences ever. Please note, I travel about 4 times a year so I know what to expect, CUSTOMER SERVICE that is! The lady who checked me in informed me that the room we booked would not be ready until 3:00 pm, and it faces the &quot;back of the Wynn. She then went on to say if we would like to upgrade to a view suite those rooms are ready right away, and would be $45 extra per night. However, I had the print out from online of all the prices and what my package included, and the price said to upgrade to a Luxury &quot;View&quot; suite was only $30.00 per night. I showed this to her, and she said they would not honor that price; prices are different online than at the hotel. I didn't want to fight with her since it was my boyfriend’s birthday, so I paid the $45 dollars per night, grabbed my coupons and we went to the room (No help offered with our luggage). When we arrived to our room, the view was spectacular; we had a view of TI, Mirage, and the pools at the Palazzo. I then took out my lap top and realized they did not give me the code for me to sign in (since my package included free internet). I called down to ask for the code and a lady name Lisa answered. She told me that I did not have a package that allowed for free internet. Once again I had to argue with her, I had the print out in front of me from the online website that showed what I purchased. She argued with me, she was very condescending and rude, I couldn't believe how I was being talked to when I am paying now $224 per night to stay in this room. Finally, after I asked to speak to her manager, she said she would credit me the internet and gave me the code. I than asked about the $45 upgrade charge, telling her it was supposed to be $30, she also argued about this, I asked to speak with the Manager, she connected me with some guy named Jonathan, who was worse than Lisa and was NOT the manager. Then they connected me to Sumiko, who they claimed to be the front desk manager, she finally told me that they would only charge me $30.00 per night for the upgrade charge after about 1 hour of arguing. I want to say it wasn't about a stupid $15 dollars per night, but it was about the ethic of them posting one price, charging me another, and then arguing with me, I felt as a customer I should have been treated much better.Let’s move on to the room: The room was FILTHY, finger prints over everything, I read the reviews prior and saw this and thought the people were just being picky, but they are not, the rooms are not clean. The shower had a chunk of someone’s hair built up in the corner, I wanted to vomit. The rooms are 720 sqft, but still don't seem very large, the Mirage Suite was 1200 and seemed 3 times bigger. Bring a feather pillow to sleep on because theirs are harder than a rock. The blankets are feather, which was nice. There was little sound proofing in the bathrooms, I heard everything our neighbors were doing which was annoying.Casino: Casino was large, a lot of restaurants which was very nice, most are open until 1:00 am, since the Venetian is attached to this hotel you can walk over there easily and eat. We ate at Tao, it was pretty good, fairly priced. More horrible customer service at check out: We checked out on Thursday at 10 am, we had to catch our flight at 11:30 am. We get to the front desk and they have a print out of over $500 dollar charges to our room. First, they charged me $45 per night for the upgrade (not $30 like promised). They charged me $10 dollars per day for internet, not free like promised. They then charged us about 100 in other refreshment fees which we did not eat or drink anything from the fridge, all we did was move around stuff so we could fit our own personally bought sodas from Walgreens in the fridge. It was an argument all over again. The check out lady told me that the manager would not do anything about this for me and the charges were set in stone. That is when I just said NO! I was not doing this again and not missing my flight because of them. Once again after another 30 minutes of arguing with me, they said they would &quot;take care&quot; of it and send me a receipt. Hello! I am not dumb, I said no you print one out now. She than told me my new charge was $260, I said to break it down for me, and she goes &quot;opps&quot; I forgot to take off the internet&quot; Let’s just say WOW. Overall, my boyfriend’s trip to Vegas was fun, but wow, I need a vacation from this vacation. Customer service is HORRIBLE at this hotel, worse than anywhere else I have ever been. I am very disappointed and taken back by the way I was treated. It was embarrassing. I am not the first and defiantly not the last to say that this hotel needs to get new management and start treating their customers with respect, and please clean the rooms!!	
Apr 8 2009 	Room NOT clean	We stayed at the Palazzo back in October 2008 - maybe they have CLEANED up since then. I have been meaning to write this but never did. Most of my reviews have been pretty good, not too much to complain about so I didn't want to write this. After much thought, I realized that the only way this system works is to put the good and the bad. So here goes...We checked in very late and were assigned a room on the 44th floor. When we inspected the room, there was something really gross on the white comforter. We were moved to another room on the 32nd floor. This time the bathroom had something really gross on the toilet. Not to mention there we still crumbs on the living room table and tons of fingerprints all over the picture windows. Both rooms had multiple stains on the velor furniture. The floors were not carpet swept. It was too late and they were at full occupancy, so we had to stay in that room for the night. The housekeeping crew came and cleaned the bathroom. We requested a CLEAN room, any size, no matter how small, we just wanted what you could expect at any HAMPTON INN, a clean room. The next day after we returned from a day trip to the Grand Canyon we were moved to a suite on the 47th floor, a huge room, but even this room still had a half used bar of soap in the shower. Just not up to the standards we expected from this hotel. Even when they tried to help, it didn't seem to work out. They had given us a food and beverage credit to us on the property for all the hassle, but neglected to tell us about it - we ate on site several times, but paid cash. When we checked out they asked why we didn't use our credit. We said we din't know about it. They could not issue a credit to our room account as it was prepaid as a business trip. Ugg! a comedy of errors, but for those who like a CLEAN room, we do not recommend this property. It is a huge property, and maybe it is just too big to keep consistency. Many other people in our group seemed to express similar complaints.As for a high point, the common areas are outstanding, well decorated, and clean, just not our rooms. Jersey Boys was a great show on-site. The casino is large and inviting.Be careful if you require extra clean rooms like us.	
Apr 8 2009 	Not bad	Line for check in was long, had to wait about 15-20 minutes in line. But, Jeremy at the front desk was very pleasant and helpful. Upgraded to a strip view room, since we had 2 high school girls with us, and we thought they would like it. We were also looking forward to seeing the Treasure Island show from our window, but it was too windy and the show didn't go on. Bummer!We pulled a stool out from under the coffee table and found food on top of it and around the sides. Yuck! We did request extra bedding at midnight and it came right up, and so did the extra towels we ordered in the afternoon. I only think I would stay there again if I could get it for less than $125 per night. There are so many deals in Vegas right now, they really want our business, so I would shop around for a better rate than we got!One plus is that the valet parking is free...nice when you have stayed in someplace like Seattle, where they charge you for taking up room on the sidewalk! Okay, not really.	
Apr 6 2009 	The Palazzo has brought us back to the Venitian	In my past 4 experiences at Venetian, I determined that it's just too large and impersonal for me: Getting a cab, checking in and out and dealing with the bell desk is just a zoo. Didn't love the pool or the spa. Restaurants were overcrowded The whole place was just a large mass of people milling around.Circumstances brought us to the Palazzo this time and our experience has saved the property for us. Maybe it was the weekend we chose (in a slow economy) but the hotel was not empty...just not a ZOO!!The rooms are newer and more contemporary but I never really had an issue with the Venetian suites. Beds were not uncomfortable but not &quot;dreamy&quot; either. Sheets were kind of rough but the towels were in soft and in good condition. The room was very clean. The pool was just OK but they did build a new spa. Both properties are using the new one while the old one is being completely remodeled. The facilities at the new CRS were awesome.Every single employee we came in contact with was friendly, helpful and professional.The casino and lobby was active but not a mass of people as was our experience at the V. Even with a good sized convention going on. The volume of the slots is much quieter the whole room less smoky.Many of the best restaurants in the city can be found somewhere on the property. The Club Grazie policies and the addition of the Palazzo will have us coming back.	
Apr 3 2009 	Overrated	We stayed 5 nights in a &quot;strip view&quot; suite that we paid extra for. The view was of another hotel on the strip. To see anything else on the strip you had to go up to the window and look sideways. The hairdryer did not work. The bathroom scale did not work. One of the three TV remote controls did not work. You would expect for a 5 star property there would be evening turn down or at least towel replacement service. There was not. The sofa in the sitting area was stained. The furniture showed signs of wear and tear. There were broken mirror brackets.	
Apr 2 2009 	very nice hotel in the middle of Vegas	I stayed here for 2 nights on a business trip. The hotel was picked by my company, not me. Las Vegas isn't a destination I would have picked but I had to go for meetings. The room was reasonably priced.The hotel was very nice. A quick ride from the airport to the hotel. Check-in was easy and the staff was very helpful. My room was on 43 overlooking the golf course. The room was very spacious with plenty of room to work and relax. The couch and chairs were a tad outdated though with some sort of gold-ish velour covering but I guess it fits in Vegas. The room had 3 flat screen tvs but I never turned on one of them. The internet connection was reasonable at $9.95/day. The bathroom was very big and well stocked. I even liked the shampoo supplied.I had drinks in the casino one night but that was it - I'm not a fan of smoking or gambling so it was a bit much. I had dinner in the Italian restaurant. It was good but pricey - I could have gotten cheaper/better at home in NYC. I had breakfast in the Venetian one day and it was very good. Luckily we timed it right and didn't have to wait in line for a table, btu when we left - the line was quite long.Overall, if I had to go back to Vegas again - I'd stay here. It's a nice break from the loudness and tackiness of Vegas.	
Apr 1 2009 	Nice rooms/views but wouldn't stay here again.	We started off with a prompt, friendly check-in. We were initially very happy with the room and view, however, within the first hour things started to deteriorate. Robes and washcloths were missing, the handset for the cordless phone was missing, and our entire floor (outside of the room) seemed to smell like a skunk had spayed there, or perhaps someone spilled an entire case of Heineken. Calls for services were always met with long hold times no matter what time of day.There was no cleaning service at all on the second day, and on our third day our room was only half way cleaned. We had to finish the cleaning ourselves and dispose of trash in the hallway.They really need to re-train the cleaning staff here as well as hire enough people to answer the phones for service. On the positive side the rooms are very quiet, you cannot hear the lobby or street noise at all. The best thing about Palazzo is the variety of the great restaurants as well as the easy access to Venetian &amp; Wynn. Spa was just &quot;ok&quot;.	
Apr 1 2009 	No longer 5-star status....lacking cleanliness...	This was our 2nd stay at the Palazzo. The 1st stay was fabulous. This recent stay was very disappointing. We had to switch rooms 3 times. The 4 rooms we experienced all had maintenance issues. None of the rooms were adequately vacuumed and cleaned. The carpet had leftover items from previous guests (ex: cracker, raisun, dime, chap stick, clothes needle, specks of paper). The velour couch in 3 of the 4 rooms had stains, missing cushion buttons, and each had a broken button with exposed metal edges. The remote-control shade did not work properly in one room. The countertops were stained. We heard that there had been massive lay-offs. This was very evident because of housekeeping deficiencies. One room was also missing the proper number of towels and slippers. No longer is there an evening turn-down service with chocolates or daily newspaper.Aside from the maintenance problems, the rooms are large and comfortable with 3 lcd Tvs. The bathroom area is very nice and impressive. Next time we may try the Wynne or Encore.	
Mar 31 2009 	Palazzo concierge Level-Worth Every Penny!	My husband and I invited a group of friends to accompany us for our first trip to Las Vegas to celebrate our joint birthdays. After ruminating over whether or not to spend the extra $100+ a night to stay on the concierge floor, we decided to go for it. From the moment we got to the hotel, the service was fantastic. Check in was a breeze and took less than 2 minutes--no sales pitch or upgrade request from the hotel associate. Acquiring the suite package &quot;extras&quot; was no problem, either. I was really impressed with the cleanliness of the oublic areas of the hotel (very little cigarette/cigar smell when walking through the casino). Once on the concierge floor, we were greeted promplty and given two new &quot;concierge level&quot; keys (silver vs. red, I think), and asked if we needed anything. We were then given a complimentary upgrade to strip view--a perfect view of the pirate boat show in the evening across the street-AMAZING! The appetizers served during various parts of the day were light and not very impressive, but were made up for by the drinks served in the evening--Jose makes an EXCELLENT long island iced tea! The room was well-kept--like many have reported, there was never turn-down service, and house keeping came at random times of the day (not consistent). There was also no noise from other rooms or the strip-great sound dampening! BEWARE of room service--VERY pricey and do not always bring the lowest price option requested...$70 for grilled cheese, mozarella sticks and 3 Fiji bottled waters....is there an upcharge for ordering at 3am? The food was good, however, and brought promptly despite a warning of a wait of 30 minutes. The suite was clean and fully functional-no problems with the electronic drapes or lightbulbs, etc. (the phone in the W.C. did not work, however).Wonderful time--would highly reccomend for someone who wants easy access to the strip, as well as a nice hotel room.	
Mar 30 2009 	5 Diamond All The Way!!!	My second visit since the opening of this hotel and I will never stay anywhere else. My luxury suite was beautiful, well cleaned and perfect for my 3 day stay! I had a wonderful view of the strip. 5 diamond all the way! The machines were a little tighter this year in the casino, but that was the case in most of the casinos on the strip.	
Mar 30 2009 	Nice rooms but stinky perfume everywhere!	I stayed with my wife in a Luxury Concierge suite at the Palazzo. I normally stay at the Wynn/Encore so my review is comparitive. First, the concierge level is definately worth the extra $100/night if you're fine with a small breakfast and you drink a lot. The luxury suites are nice, slightly larger than the Encore but not as nicely decorated. The furnishings are cheap and the place was dirty overall. It looked pretty worn for a new hotel (eg. buttons missing from upholstery on sofa, chipped paint and furniture). The housekeeping was terrible and they didn't turn down the beds at night. The concierge staff on the other hand were nice and attentive. The biggest problem with this hotel, however, is that they spray overly sweet smelling perfume throughout the casino and it makes you sick. I didn't get to check out the pool because they closed it due to high winds...funny because the Wynn didn't close theirs. I went to the Canyon Ranch Spa and it was OK, though again, not very clean in the gym or locker rooms (staff was good though). On future trips I will stick to the Encore.	
Mar 29 2009 	Fabulocity To The Max	We just came back after after our first stay at the Palazzo 3/23-3/27. We booked a luxury suite on the concierge level for our stay and we were glad. Upon arrival we told the valet we were staying on the concierge level and he promptly told us easy instructions to bypass the lobby registration and head to the 23rd floor via the guest suite elevators. My boyfriend and I are non-smokers and walking into the casino we were already happy. The casino floor smells great (king of like a Tommy Bahama store). No gross, smoky, saturation into everything.  On the 23rd floor we were met by one of the many excellent concierge staff. We were told all of the benefits of the huge lounge. First of all this floor is worth any exra money you have to pay. It has great evening views of T.I. and has many small &quot;living rooms&quot;, with large flat-screens and cool furniture. There's food throughout the day and a evening open bar which is great right before you head our. We love Birgit at the bar! Our room was great, I'm including tons of pics. Our view wasn't really anything great. We had a view of the Fashion Mall and the top of a building. We didn't care though. We love the roman sheers on the windows for daytime and especially the remote. Three T.V.'s in all. One in sofa area, one in bed area and small one in bathroom. Pretty sweet. We loved the super comfy bed and the supersized tub, that my 6'2&quot; boyfriend could lay down in. From checkin to check out we had a blast and loved staying here. We've stayed at 5 other hotels in Vegas on the strip and the Palazzo kicked their butts!	
Mar 28 2009 	Great room very nice casino.	The best thing about the room was the bathroom - huge and very, very nice. The room itself was very big, and we had a nice view of the Vegas strip (we were on the 40th floor). It was very quiet. My only complaints would be that the bed was a little hard and the room seemed to get really hot by the middle of the night, making me get up and turn the air down. This could have just been me, though : )We had a nice dinner next door at the Venetian at Tao.	
Mar 24 2009	Very Nice	We stayed here in March 2008 - the hotel hadn't been open long. We won a contest for a free stay. We thought we would just be put &quot;in an available room.&quot; We were given a very nice room with a great view of the strip. Our room was very spacious with a sunken seating area and two very comfortable plush beds. The room was clean, quiet and the bathroom large. They have a security person stationed by the entrance to the rooms part of the hotel so only guests can get on the elevators. Check in and Check out was fast and easy. We were in Vegas for sightseeing not gambling, so since we didn't do any gambling, I can't really say anything about that. The Palazzo is attached to the Venetian so you can get to that hotel's food, casino and entertainment, easily. (Blue Man Group was fantastic.) We liked the nightime chocolate on our pillow! A hint for getting to the hotel. If you go by taxi make sure to tell the driver to stay off the interstate. We did this on the return trip to the airport and saved about $10A hint for getting up and down the strip: I have been to Vegas a couple of time and found that if you take the Deuce double decker city bus, you will have a VERY hard time getting on in the evening. When the bus gets to the stop you are waiting at, the bus is already full and will not take on any new passengers. (They have a security guard on the bus to control angry people) Meanwhile at your bus stop there are 30 people waiting to get on. As time passes, more and more people start waiting. And, it also doesn't matter who is at the bus stop first. Where the bus stops, those are the people (the 5 or so they take) who are allowed to get on whether they were there 1 minute or 40.. The first time I was in Vegas I learned these tips about the Deuce and it wasn't so bad after that. Just be sure to plan where you get off and on and if you need to be somewhere allow for time.	
Mar 20 2009 	Concierge Level	My business partner and I arrived in Las Vegas early Friday evening and upon checking in, were offered a deal to upgrade to the concierge level. As the package was explained I thought that the economics clearly made sense. You receive a $20 credit toward food each day in addition to the perfect continental breakfast and happy hour hors d'œuvres, complimentary cocktails in the concierge lounge from 5-9 each night of your stay, as well as free dvd's to watch in your room. Upon arriving in the concierge lounge, I was very impressed with the place. There are private rooms that you can enjoy with your groups. If you have meetings, you can use the meeting room there. The staff were great. There are plenty of TV's throughout, and even over the weekend, I could always find a table to sit, enjoy my coffee, check my emails, and just relax. All of the other guests we met there were also very vocal about how impressed they were, and thankful that they made the upgrade. If you aren't sure about it the next time you visit the Venetian, ask them to let you see it before you check in. Especially if you are there for business. It's like having a 10,000 sq ft living room. Even as nice as the suites are there, it gets a little old trying to work in them. This gives you a much better option.	
Mar 16 2009 	Overall Great Hotel	My husband and I stayed here because he was attending a week long convention. Since we did not pay it was obviously a good value. Ample and well laid out room (thus maximizing space). The three tv's were a nice touch to each of the different areas (bathroom, sleeping section and living section). Gorgeous views of the Wynn golf course and landscape beyond (34th floor). Nice interior details throughout. Although the hotel is fairly new, our room was beginning to show some minor damage from traffic such as dings in the dry wall, chipped tread on the stairs leading to the living area, buttons missing from the velour couch and cracking on the surface of the bathtub tiling. Location is nice. Close to many other interesting hotels, diverse restaurants and good shopping. Staff was helpful and friendly. Check In and Check Out were effortless. Pool area is clean and ample. Internet worked well. I was impressed that the room was always cleaned before I returned to the room in the afternoon without scheduling housekeeping (typically I would leave the room at noon and return around 3pm ish).	
Mar 16 2009 	Disappointing	We were looking forward to staying at The Palazzo for our semi-annual trip to Las Vegas, and I booked the reservation several months ago. I checked the site just prior to leaving and found that rates had come down. Not only would they not give us the benefit of the lower rates, they wanted to charge us to upgrade, and the total cost would have been much higher than published on the internet. The desk clerk would never give my wife a direct answer for the cost of the upgrade, only saying it would cost $100. After considerable questioning, she then advised us it was an extra $100 per night for only &quot;$300.&quot; We then had to extract that this was incremental to what was already paid for the original reservation, and there was no response when I told her that her newly quoted charges were more than what was offerred online.The rooms are nice size and well appointed, although the furniture is already starting to show some wear. There is a &quot;master lights on/off&quot; switch when you enter the suite, and it sounds like you're throwing a circuit breaker and shutting the place down. When we went to bed the first night after a long day of travelling, meeting, and &quot;having fun,&quot; we found that the master switch does not turn off three sconce lights on the mirror between the two queen beds. I looked all over for the switch and finally called the front desk. She told me where the switch was, and I sheepishly said I could not find it. Seeming annoyed with my stupidity, she offered to send someone to the room. After waiting 15 minutes, I called again. This clerk told me again where to find the switch, to which I said it didn't exist. She confirmed that maintenance was on the way, but wanted me to check for the switch one more time! Continuing to wait, I tried to reach behind the shades to unscrew the light bulbs, but only burned my fingers. The guy eventually came and told us that all rooms had these lights, and they have been converting them to ones with switches, but this one must have been missed. He removed the shades and unscrewed the bulbs. (I'm still trying to figure out how all previous occupants slept with this light on!)Our work colleagues had upgraded to a concierge level room, but were disappointed as the promised turn-down service didn't exist, and one day their room was not even cleaned.There are a lot of good restaurants in the complex, and the bellmen were very friendly. We didn't spend much time shopping--not our thing--but there are a few very nice (and pricey) stores.Overll, not sure I would jump to return unless there is a financial incentive. We have had better stays for the same or less money at The Bellagio and Four Seasons.	
Mar 16 2009 	GREAT Central location	My wife and i stayed at the palazzo for a 3 nights in december 08 and had a blast. The hotel gave us $50 gaming credits per night of stay for a total of 150 for the trip. My wife and i are not big on gambling so we loved the free money. The room and hotel are fabulous. It is a all suite hotel so don't worry about not having enough room. The beds are very comfortable with down comforters and pillows. the bathroom was also very spacious. The hotel is in a good location and close to all the action. However i do recomend cabbing it when you can. Things appear a lot closer than they are ...it took us about 45 min to walk from the palazzo to the mgm. Tips: use the gambling credits on penny slots... this almost paid for our entire trip. Have dinner on the balcony at Olives in the balagio..perfect spot to watch the fountains at night. Have the breakfast at Paris. Have dinner at Lavo and say hi to the fat lady at the entrance of the club for me!!!	
Mar 15 2009 	Better than average for Vegas	Having been a regular guest at The Venetian over the years for many conferences we were keen to see what updates and changes were in store at the Palazzo, after all there was much hype prior to opening. I must say I was disappointed, not in the hotel perse, just that’s it’s not much better / different than its stable mate. It’s bigger, it’s a bit more luxurious, the pool is better, casino a bit classier, restaurants and shops a bit more upmarket but this is definitely more of an evolution, not a revolution. There is nothing genuinely surprising or that stands out. Check in was the typical Vegas drama – is it just foreigners who they never give the brooked room to hoping we won’t complain or does that happen to everybody? I don’t think we have ever been to Vegas and actually got the room we booked. So after all the usual rubbish, “that is a strip view room”, “we don’t have any rooms of that type available”, “your booking is accurate”, that went on for almost an hour we were finally “upgraded” to a room that met the original room description on our booking confirmation. To their credit while the people on reception were VERY difficult to deal with we got multiple phone calls from Duty Managers, Guest Relations and so on to apologise – in fact we got so many we thought it was overkill – better to have got the room right in the first place. OK, the features of the room that impress are the sheer size of the rooms, the massive plasma screen TV, the huge marble everywhere bathrooms which included a Jacuzzi, and very plush and comfy lounge chairs. We missed the fresh air feature that we had seen in other Vegas hotels that allows you to open a window, if just a crack.The swimming pool area is terrific if a little hard to get a booking at peak times. Concierge was also terrific and better than at Bellagio and Wynn. Where of course locals have it all over international travellers is the room tariff – we met people who were paying a third of what we were for the same room – if I could get what we had for that rate this would be a 5 instead of a 4.Pretty good all up for a Vegas hotel. Easy to get lost in the crowd but above what we expected.	
Mar 13 2009 	Best in Vegas	When I first booked at the Palazzo I was wondering if they could top Venetion. When I left I feel they didn't top the Venetian, but offered something just as good, just with a different flare. Great spacious rooms. The automatic drapes on the windows might be the best idea in the world. Great hotel. The casino took my money though... Oh well.	
Mar 9 2009 	Awesome Rooms	The hotel has very nice rooms. They are spacious, clean, and comfortable. The downside is the spa/gym is 40.00 a day and the internet worked on and off for 10.00/day. The guest rooms are kept secure by a guard at the elevators and you had better buy your gift for loved ones elsewhere, unless you are into the 1,000.00 flip-flops. Overall it is a nice place.	
Mar 9 2009 	Would always come back here	Great room, (like the ones at Venetian) great staffs, nice shopping, great restaurants, less crowds, family friendly, no loud party kids... Enjoyed the stay very much. Would always pick this hotel over Bellagio and Wynn in no time.	
Mar 5 2009 	Plush all-suite rooms at a great price	We stayed at the Venetian's new sister hotel, the Palazzo, for two mid-week nights in early February because we got a great room rate for a Luxury Suite ($119 per night) that included a $35 gaming voucher, $50 drink voucher and admission for 4 at their new nightclub Lavo. We'd attended their soft opening in January 2008 and couldn't wait to check out their rooms this time around. The room had high quality everything - the bathroom was huge and so fancy, even had a make up vanity table with a plush, velvet covered stool. The bed was so comfortable - but beware the hardwood headboard that I somehow managed to crack my head on - ouch! The dresser/dry bar is marble covered and lights up from underneath the marble - nice touch. Above that is the bedroom's 40+ inch flat screen HD television. The bedroom is separated by a sort of half wall/marble countertop space with 3 steps down to the sunken living room area. The living room has an L-shaped velvet couch - super comfortable and another big flat screen HD tv, an enormous leather ottoman/center table, a sitting area, and a desk/work area with a printer/fax machine (something I've not seen in any other hotel - nice touch). Remote controlled sheer and black-out curtains were a fun touch on the window which took up the entire back wall of our room. Wireless internet service is more affordable at the Palazzo than any other hotel we've stayed at in Vegas - $9.99 for 24 hours. Our room was on the back of the hotel so no fabulous Strip view, but we had a really nice view of the Wynn grounds and mountains. Check in, valet, concierge service, and dealers were top notch. We joined the players club and got $15 in free play which won us $90 - good times! The casino is spacious and beautiful and offers all level of play and some really fun people-watching! We had drinks with friends at Lavo lounge (where the girls &quot;bath&quot; each other in a brass tub four feet away from diners) and then went up to their nightclub for hours of dancing fun. Ladies are admitted free with a pass that you can get at the valet parking counter. Even the Lavo doormen were super friendly. Their sports book requires special mention - it's ultra fabulous and a must see even if you're not a guest at the hotel. It's on the lower leve, take the escalator down from the lobby and instead of heading to the street, turn around and find the sports book up a small flight of stairs. We also were given buy 1, get 1 free drinks at Sushi Samba on the upper retail level of the Palazzo so we checked it out. We don't eat sushi, but the place is worth checking out - great bartenders, delicious specialty cocktails at the usual Vegas prices, and a gorgeous restaurant in a plush, retail setting. The retail security guards even dress in Carabinieri uniforms like italian police - charming touch, Palazzo!Overall, for the price and quality, we had a wonderful fancy time! We'll certainly stay there again if the price is right!	
Mar 4 2009 	The Best Hotel in Vegas!!!!	My wife and I recently stayed at the Palazzo with some friends. For the past 6 years I've been going to Vegas twice a year and out of all of the 4 &amp; 5 star hotels I've stayed at, this was the best. For the first time I didn't feel compelled to venture out onto the strip and explore other hotels. The Palazzo has everything you need .1We arrived at the hotel around 12PM and there was a good size line at guest registration. However the line moved exceptionaly fast due hotel workers get pre-registration information from guests in line. When you finally made it to the front desk, the receptionist had all of your information. Rather than giving us the usual run around about check-in being at 3PM, they were able to check us in immedialtly and even upgraded our room to the 41st floor!!!The room was the nicest I've seen. It felt more spacious than even the Wynn or the Ventian. There were two flat screens in the room and 1 in the bathroom. The whole bathroom was decked out in a nice marble with seperate tub/shower and toilet. Event he toiletries were nice. There were nice floor to ceiling windows with automatic shades and blackout curtains.Elevators were very fast and made it to the 41st in about 20 seconds. Not too bad. The appointments throughout the entire hotel are very tasteful and not too gawdy. Didn't contain the element of cheesey colors you you would get from the Wynn or Encore. Nice high-end shops.Would totally recommend if you could get a great rate.	
Mar 1 2009 	Beautiful resort good service great location!	My husband and I stayed at The Palazzo for two nights in a Palazzo Sienna Suite. 1280 sq. ft. suite that was wonderful. We were on the 10th floor so I'm sure a higher floor would have been better, but other than that I have no complaints of the room. Double doors leading into the suite, a powder room as well as an enormous master bathroom with a large jetted tub seperating seperate his/hers vanities. The shower was large enough for several people with a huge shower head, body sprayers, and hand sprayer. A printer was provided in the suite at the desk area which made it very convenient for printing boarding passes for our flight. We enjoyed room service for breakfast on two mornings which was quick (less than 45 minutes) and good! We also were able to order Krispy Kreme donuts for room service! Fantastic! The service we encountered was very friendly. This includes a quick check-in, pleasant bell staff, and friendly, attentive room service staff. Our check out was quick, easy, and painless on the television and a confirmation receipt was e-mailed to us before we even made it to the airport! The shopping is high-end and wonderful. The location is fabulous being tha it is connected to the Wynn and the Fashion Show Mall by outdoor elevated walkways. I would avoid the Sushisamba restaurant. We unfortunately had a bad experience there although the food was really good. The music was so loud for dinner that it felt like we were dining in a night club. Don't get me wrong,my husband and I are experts at going to the clubs and listening to loud music, but it belongs in the club not in the restaurant. Also we were advised not to order much from the sushi bar because the people at the table next to us had waited over 30 minutes for theirs. When we did order, our waitress had to come back to our table two times to tell us that the food was unavailable! We could not wait to get out of there and wished we had ordered room service. We will definitely stay at the Palazzo again. The room rates were very good for such a large suite. We would have paid $900+ at theWynn for a suite of this size and we only paid $449/night. It's location is the best!	
Feb 28 2009 	Enjoyed It	My wife and I stayed at Palazzo Feb. 19-21. Room was huge and very nice. Staff was also nice and helpful. Great location near Wynn and Encore and the mall, too. We would definitely stay again. Couple of things - unless you have a lot of bags, don't have the valet service take them to your room when you check in. Do it yourself. Took a while to get our stuff, which was annoying. Unless you're going to actually buy something out of the fridge in the room, be careful about opening the fridge. I got charged for putting our own water bottle in there. Wireless internet is $9.99/day. If you stay at Palazzo, you have to go to Morel's Steakhouse. Don't miss it.	
Feb 27 2009 	Big dirty expensive rooms.	I loved the casino and other public areas of this hotel, I found the room to be dirty ( stains on couch and floor ) and there were also technical issues with their tv system. I was very disappointed with the room as there were sconces missing from the wall and the shower could best be described as a light mist.	
Feb 26 2009 	2nd time there	This is a beautful hotel that you never have to leave. It has everything you need to do: eat, gamble, shows.	
