Oct 12 2009 	WORST HOTEL EVER!!	In my 40 years of life, I've never encountered such an establishment that was so non-service in a service industry! Rooms were bare minimum &amp; their &quot;Jewel of The Suite Life&quot;, should be removed from their site! Bugs in bed, security does every thing including housekeeping after 6pm. Should be shut down by OSHA!	
Sep 2 2009 	Absolutely Horrible!	BAD BAD BAD!Stayed at the one on Trop and Valley View and it has been a nightmare.Train shakes building, screaming kids, prostitution, drug deals, internet NEVER works, and the phone didnt even have a cord!!!Room was dirty, and didnt even come with a remote to the TV!They advertise free food- but you have to take a coupon to the Gold Spike downtown...NASTY!BAD BAD BAD!	
Sep 19 2007 	WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!!	i booked this hotel a week prior to arriving. it seemed like a good deal. me and my friend are celebrating our birthdays. we arrived late friday to see that the entire lower level is under remodeling. which was disturbing caused they mentioned nothing of this. we went out via the shuttle service, the shuttle driver conned us into beliving he was giving us free V.I.P. passes into Tangerine. We gave him a really good tip. come to find out there were promoters all over the strip and casino handing theese passes out for free!!! Saturday we were woke up at 6 am by pounding hammers from the remodeling below! we woke up rather early and got ready to spend the day downtown fremont street. the water went out in the morning so we couldnt take showers! they gave us no warning or apology! we came back from fremont street to discover fans scattered about in our room beacuse it had flooded after we left! we called the manager and went to speak with her. she accused us of leaving the water on intentionally and told us how we could be liable for thousands in repairs. that ruined our saturday night needless to say which turned out to be our birthdays. they moved us into seperate rooms which was the only proper thing they did all weekend. the room they moved us into showed signs of an electrical fire in one of the outlets! i have pic of all of this i will be uploading ASAPso far they charged me 200 on my credit card which is UNAUTHORIZED! as of now there being investigated by my bank for fraudulant charges!	
Aug 26 2007 	highly recomended!!!	when i first booked this i was kind of skeptic because of the reviews i read on it. aftef finding out at the last minute that 4 other people were going on vacations with my husband and me i booked a 2 bedroom. when i got there the staff was very friendly and welcoming. it was a very comfortable location!!! the rooms are very big and very clean!!! i highly recomend this if you have a big family , they do all they caould to accomodate you with as many rollaway beds. plus if you wait til you get there its complimentary!!! they also have complimantary shuttle and coffey this was trully a great place!!! will be back there in a month!!!	
Aug 25 2007 	Would come back here !	Stayed here for 2 weeks, although off Strip it was just what we needed - cheaper, more space in the rooms, a little quieter but with proximity to Orleans Hotel, &amp; 24 hour shuttle to &amp; from the Tropicana. Very pleased with stay here, can't understand some of the negative reviews - we had no problems - rooms were very clean, cleaning staff were thorough &amp; very friendly - some Reception staff could be a little slow but tried to be helpful. Shuttle guys were great especially Anthony &amp; Dave. We would come back &amp; recommend it to other people. Only criticism, the couch in our room was a little battered - other than that we had a great stay	
Jul 20 2007 	Not worth the money you save.	I stayed at the Emerald Suites for 4 nights and the service got worse every day. One day we did not get maid service at all, and if we did get maid service they never left enough towels and they did not vacuum. The hotel advertises free wireless Internet, which they do not have. The pool was dirty (dead bugs, hair, and a film on top of the water). The shuttle service to the Strip is nice but we usually has to wait at least a half an hour for the shuttle to arrive (when they told us it would only be a couple minutes). I would not stay here again. Pay a little more and stay on the Strip, it would be well worth it.	
May 29 2007 	Great Stay !	After reading some reviews about how bad the service was and of how awefull the rooms were etc etc, I was hesitant on staying there.. But unfortunately, I booked the room BEFORE reading all the negative reviews. Upon arriving to the hotel for check-in and receieving my room keys(room 1071) , I was quite suprised on the size of the room and the cleaningness of the room. We were very satisified with the room for what we paid. Dont believe all the negative reviews that are on here... Sure there might be some nasty photos of blood on the pillow case, but how do we know that the blood wasnt put there by some disgruntled guest? Overall, I give this hotel high marks and recommend it. If something is wrong with your room, The staff will be more than happy to put you in a different room... The only negative things I have to say are that the bathroom would close, but the lock didnt work... But it was no big deal... The other thing is that we had asked for an ice bucket and were told that it would be brough to our room... It was never brought... Understandable though considering that it was Memorial Weekend and the staff was very busy... Plus, the ice machine was right around the corner so we just used one of the bowls that are provided for you and went to get the ice... Again,, NO BIG DEAL... We are thinking about going back to Vegas in July,, Guess were we are staying,, Thats right,, Emerald Suites Tropicana...	
May 21 2007 	Good Value	I would not hesitate to recommend this property. Clean, large rooms. Full size range and oven, full size refrigerator. This isn't a fancy strip hotel, but you are not paying $300 for a weekend night either. A couple of irritants - to use the internet in the lobby you must buy a card ($11 for 30 minutes - outrageous). But they did print out boarding passes for free. They asked for driver's licenses for all adult occupants - give me a break - if I wanted to bring a hooker in, I sure wouldn't tell them at registration.	
May 18 2007 	enjoyable stay	Previous reviews have mentioned proximity to the railtrack, whilst agreeing that it does run very close to the back of this property, we never found the noise offensive and besides the trains were not that frequent. The suites were very pleasent, well equiped and cleaned daily by very efficient and friendly staff (on arrival we found little crockery, mentioned this to housekeeping an immediately received a full set). The pool and spa were also well kept and were very welcome after a hot day on the strip. Location to the strip was as stated @1 mile, a 20 minutes stroll or 5 minutes by bus (CAT 201)-very good value ! We had read that the area around the suites was frequented by undesirables, this we thought a little unfair, sure there were a few people who were down on their luck, but you will find that in any city in the world, we never felt intimidated nor were given reason to be. All in all we had a really great two weeks stay at Emerald Suites Tropicana. Thanks to the hard working staff. We have no hesitation in recommending this establishment.John &amp; Sharon CalvertonNottinghamshireEngland	
Apr 20 2007 	Good Value for the Price	Went to Las Vegas for the first time this April. Read all the positive and negative comments, decided it seemed like a reasonable choice and found out that it certainly was. In fact, for us, a family of 5, it was close to ideal. Rooms were clean. When we needed more towels and the like they were easy to get (in all honesty we usually just brought the old ones to the cart and grabbed more). The workers were friendly and polite. When we went to the front desk to use the computer to print our return boarding passes, it was broken. So the staff let us use the computer and printer behind the desk. They were very accommodating. Beds could have been a mite softer for my tastes but my girlfriend and our kids were fine with them. We were on the train side of the complex and they certainly went by but didn't bother us. It doesn't have elevators, but we can walk up and down a few stairs (we were on the 3rd floor). The kitchen area saved us $$ on food. Kitchen utinsels and dishes were not overly plentiful, but paper plates and plastic utinsels are fine for us. All the appliances were in good working order. For budget travelers who have a larger group and are staying several nights, it worked great.	
Apr 8 2007	Not Deserving of 3 Stars.	We stayed at this hotel after our Alaska Airlines flight was cancelled following a long delay at the airport. According to the Alaska ticket agent this is the only hotel for which the airline would provide a voucher and/or guarantee payment. Since I had never heard of this hotel, I asked the agent what kind of place it was. She told me it was &quot;like a Doubletree&quot; and &quot;about three stars.&quot; This was not an accurate description.Meaning no offense to the polite and helpful people who were working in the office of this motel on our arrival, I have no idea how this place could merit 3 stars. It's also not remotely like any Doubletree I've ever seen.It is a 3 story budget motel, not within walking distance of even a 7-11, let alone a decent restaurant. The motel is surrounded by pavement, has no elevator, no shop or cafe of any kind, a broken ice machine, aged and very dirty carpets, an extremely noisy air conditioner, a pool surrounded by motel windows, in the case of our &quot;suite&quot; a torn and uncomfortable old sofa bed, a sticky table and old beds. It didn't smell like someplace you would like to sleep and had only the most basic amenities. I can say that the sheets and towels were clean, but overall it didn't feel clean or comfortable and is very outdated. (Remember teal carpets and stiped couches?)The people were nice, polite and friendly. They can't help that this is a fourth class facility. It's extremely difficult for me to imagine anyone paying $120 per night to stay here and thinking it's a good deal - especially in Las Vegas which is full of very nice rooms at reasonable rates. I sincerely question of the authenticity of some of the positive reviews I've seen here. Don't let your airline get away with sending you here after cancelling your flight. And if you choose to stay here make sure you get a really, really great bargain rate because the location is horrible and very unattractive.	
Mar 17 2007	Great place	I read all the reviews about this place and I was not looking forward to it. For the price I thought what the heck I will only be sleeping there. Everyone that wrote a bad review about this place is either too picky or very cheap. The place is not on the strip nor does it claim to be, the shuttles are a little slow but you have to realize you are not the only people staying there, if you call ahead and show some patience you can get to the air port or the Tropicana very easily. The staff were very helpful I thought they did a great job I got house keeping everyday except the time I didnt want it, so for the people who said they didnt get it maybe you should look into taking the do not disturb sign off the door. If you rent a car this place would be great, I got a pizza and put in in the fridge and ate that for the couple days I was there, the diswasher and microwave were great I never made anything on the stove but I am sure that would have been good. All I can say is this place was real nice for the price it was 100 times better that my buddies place at the Saharah and he paid alot more than I did. I will stay there again	
Nov 30 2006 	Great place to stay for a reasonable price!	I read all these reviews only after we have already booked the hotel - we could not cancel, so I was prepared for the worse..I brought my own blankets,towels and linnen, cleaning detergents and toilet paper (since we traveled by car) ... Stupid :) Should never read those useless reviews!!!Check-in took us just 10 min for 2 suites, the stuff at the front desk did not smile a lot but was quick and helpful. The suites (we stayed in two) were clean and shiny, stove, fridge, dishwasher,micro-oven, coffee-maker and toaster (our kids liked that we had it in our kitchen) were brand new, hair-drier was clean and in working condition. Suites had enough toilet paper and soap, each 1 bdrm suite had two q-size beds and 4 sets of towels. Linnen and towels were changed every day (we stayed in hotel for 3 nights). Kitchen had dishes, silver, cups, measuring cups, kitchen towels, bowls and drainer.Swimming pool looked great and shiny, hotel was quiet though there is trully a railway beside it-the train passes aprox. every 4 hours but we were so tired every night that did not hear it at all.It is clean and nice around the hotel and it is located just 5 min driving from the strip.Check-out took us just 2 minutes and overall impression about hotel was great.I would recomend this place to people on a budget - it is excellent place for the price and you can enjoy having your own breakfast there (it was important for us since we traveled with kids and they need their peanutbutter sandwich and milk for breakfast even in Vegas).	
Oct 26 2006 	This gives the phrase ROACH MOTEL new meaning.	The moment that I got there and saw how horrible and dirty the outside of the hotel was, I knew I was in trouble. I never saw housekeeping once. The stove, coffee maker, garbage dissposal, and ice machine did not work. The hotel had roaches. The carpet and flooring were dirty. The room had a stench, an odor that I could not describe (maybe dead rats). The ironing board was broken. The hair dryer had hair and grease all over it. The beds had hair in them all over the pillows with grease. I asked for a refund. I was laughed at by management.	
Oct 22 2006 	NEVER did we get housekeeping!!!!!	My Husband &amp; I booked a room for 8 nights at this hotel. Never once did we receive any type of Housekeeping. We had to take our trash out to the dumpster daily. Only 3 Towels and washclothes were in our room when we arrived. On the 3rd day I asked for fresh towels from a maid outside our door. We washed the used towels in the laundry room that same morning. We asked for trash bags and was told they would bring them. When we returned later that afternoon they had put a fresh trash bag in. BUT OMG they took our 3 towels we had asked for!!! I was furious to say the least. 3 Towels and washclothes for 8 days? And we paid to wash the ones we had when we arrived. EXCUSE ME!!! Hot Tub closed due to heat being out on it. Pool was ICE COLD. No Ice Machine on property working. On the 7th day I went to the front desk and was told we should have gotten maid service at least 2 time during the stay. And they wanted to come clean the room then. EXCUSEEEEE Me after 7 days thats all you offer us. NEVER, NEVER stay at this hotel!!!! There is NO EXCUSE Whatsoever they should have treated us like they did.	
Oct 13 2006	Hotel rooms were good	I stayed here for 2 nights 9/22-9/24/06, and I was impressed by the size of my room. It's a 1BR suite, with kitchen and living and dining room. Apparently. all rooms are this style. The room was clean and no problems with bugs or dirty sheets and linens, and the price of $70/night, was a bargain. Taxi to the strip is only $8, so I saved a lot of money. I will stay again if I decide not to stay in the strip. Dan	
Jul 31 2006 	Beware No Elevator!	American West put up at this ROACH INFESTED DUMP after a missed connection, we hated it! No bellboy, no luggage cart, and if you can believe... NO ELEVATOR! We had to drag 6 bags up 3 flights of stairs! The suite had 1 queen bed and no sleeper sofa. We had to dodge roaches on our way to our room.	
Jun 20 2006	Trashy 	Please avoid ruining your vacation. I stayed at the Tropicana Emerald Suites location. It has a train passing through behind the buildings that do not let you sleep at all. The maids are lazy and they do not clean daily, nor do they change the sheets, leave towels, or toilet paper. I had to call the office daily for the basics. I returned to my room one day to find that the maids had left my door open and my $250 digital camera was stolen. There is also heavy traffic around this location, so while it is only a few blocks away from the Strip, those three blocks turn into a 45+ minute drive. The location is also hidden down a small side street so kind of have to guess what street to find it on.	
May 1 2006 	Worst hotel in Las Vegas	This hotel is the absolute worst place to stay in Las Vegas. There was BLOOD on EVERY pillow, blood on the sheets in BOTH BEDS. Used Q-Tips under the bed, the fridge ran all night, the toilet ran and leaked, the train went by the room every HOUR! The beds were not FULL SIZE, they were two twin beds pushed together and extremly uncomfortable. The blinds were missing and crooked, people could see in our room as they walked by. Electric sockets did not work, the hotel staff informed us that soap and dishwashing soap was not a &quot;GIft&quot; and they instructed us to go buy our own and leave the rest for the next guests. The couch has springs sticking through it. THE HOTEL STAFF WERE EXTREMLY RUDE!!!! At first they blamed this on us!!!!!!! They moved us to another room at 11pm and got mad at us for going back one last time to check for everything. The manager offered us $10 off per night making the room $65 before taxes, the person behind us in line was offered $49 a night incuding taxes. I wouldnt stay at this hotel again if it was free. PLEASE SEE PICTURES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 29 2006	Great Suites for the price	My family stayed here during the Nascar race weekend in March. All hotels on the strip, off the strip and downtown were over $200 a night. This place was only about $120. The pool is nice looking, but that weekend was too jam packed with race stuff to take a dip. The landscaping was beautiful. The staff was friendly. Two complaints...when we were given our room key and room number was circled on a map, it wasn't our room. We had to go all the way back to the lobby (which is actually a drive with all the buildings) and then work it out. The other complaint is that we asked for a ground floor room and we ended up with 3rd floor (3rd floor is the max) and there are no elevators, so we had to use the stairs with a lot of luggage. It was not fun. The room had two good size bedrooms, each with a king bed, and a kitchen with all the amenities one would need. It's about 2 miles south of Mandalay Bay, but worth it for that weekend.	
Apr 12 2006	Most Definately The Worst Place Ever!	I had read all the previous reviews prior to booking our room and thought that maybe some of the reviews were just a little exaggerated ...I was so wrong. Let me get to the point ... at about 1a.m. (yes one o'clock in the morning) our second night, another guest had a key to our room. Good thing my husband was still awake watching t.v., the guy appologized and when my husband looked out the window, he sees 2 luggages there. So my husband calls the front desk and speaks to one of the rude front desk workers and the guy says &quot;we have no record of you being registered in that room, you need to come down to the front desk and show us your reciept.&quot; My husband woke me up and told me what happened so of course that just infuriates me and I call the front desk up and I said a few choice words to him and when I went down to the office I showed they guy two pieces of paper, the only papers ever given to us when we checked in and the confirmation paper I got online showing that the room was prepaid, and he said he needed MORE PROOF that we were suppose to be there, by this time another guy comes out and says &quot;Your not suppose to even be in that room .. you are in the wrong room, you were suppose to be in 3045&quot; he says it in a tone that I was an idiot for going in to the wrong room, so i said if that's so, how was it that the KEY was able to open 3036 if it was the wrong room. The guy tried to appologize and that's when the first guy inturrupted and told him &quot;No&quot; and looks at me and says &quot;you can speak to the manager about this in the morning&quot; like I was the one in trouble. Apparently this type of incident has happened a couple of times before and the Manager even admits it. We had booked the room for 2 adults and 2 children. When we had first walked into the room, I thought .. &quot;you've got to be kidding me&quot;. It just didn't &quot;feel&quot; clean. The toilet looked old and the bathroom counter top looked like it had caked on dust in the corner. The kitchenette was a big joke! One of the burners (front left) did not work. It was not &quot;stocked&quot; like advertised. It had ONE dinner plate, two salad plates and two small bowls, three juice cups and two cups that were a bit larger but you can't tell unless you put them next to each other. A coffee maker with a packet of coffee, BUT no cream, sugar or coffee cups .. doesn't make any sense. Three forks and three teaspons. One 12-inch pan and a 2 quart pot. Empty salt and pepper shackers. Please don't ever stay at the hotel. Other I did not like about this hotel: no elevator, the air conditioner was about at loud as the train, we had asked for more towels (there was only one bath towel, two hand towels and one washcloth) and the security guard brought it up to us and said &quot;here, this is all you can have because we are limited on supplies&quot;If you need to find a place/suite to stay at that has a well stocked kitchenette, friendly staff and clean rooms, stay at the Fairfield Grand Desert. It is well worth your money (we paid $109/night Fri-Sun, 1br/1ba suite) and the only reason we didn't stay there was because they were all booked up for the days we needed.	
Mar 17 2006	Beware appearances can be deceiving	could've gotten a lot better for $200/night. The train runs through the back of the property all through the night. The heater is VERY loud--I couldn't sleep through it and my sp. says I could sleep through anything. The local homeless hang out at the back of the complex, along the train tracks. However, I didn't really feel unsafe at any time. The staff were nice and friendly, very helpful. It looks very nice from the outside, and the rooms appear to have been recently painted; I hope the furniture is next. My husband sat down on one of the kitchen chairs and he barely missed ending up on the floor. Same thing happened to friends that were staying in another room. The furniture is just plain worn-out and threadbare.	
Dec 31 2005	Dont ever stay at this hotel!!!!	This hotel was the worst hotel ever. I felt dirty the moment I walked into the lobby. It was even worse when I got into the room. I didn't even want to sleep in the bed because it felt so gross. To top it off they gave another guest our room key, and in the middle of the night we had someone walk into our rm while we were sleeping. I am only glad that we only had it reserved for one night.	
Dec 22 2005	Unfortunate miscues make this a must-avoid for business travel	Like others, I doubted the negative reviews of this property -- seemed inconsistent with others' experiences and lacking in detail. I also find &quot;princess with the pea&quot; reviews annoying, and during a recent trip to LV decided to roll the dice and stay here. I travel 50% for business, am an experienced business traveler, but take each property on its own terms.The Emerald Suites had some issues that made me feel compelled to warn other travelers away from here; read on if you are considering staying.Positives:* located near the Strip and I-15* reasonable enough room rate* staff try hard / pleasant attitude* basically clean and well-kept propertyNegatives:* some may not like being across the street from a large (but clean) adult bookstore (I don't care, but it's not a 'nice' block)* Internet speed is inconsistent, suggesting a shared cable router. Evening speeds were slower than dial-up, and rendered the internet access almost unusable* the worst problem: maintenance went into my room to fix something, and LEFT THE DOOR AJAR ALL DAY LONG. There were valuables there - I am lucky and glad nothing was taken, but I repeat: not just unlocked, but actually left the door open all day long. The manager said she would speak to those responsible and follow up with me, and she never did (though she did understand that this was a very bad thing, and said the appropriate things at the time). I would have expected an apology, and perhaps a token offer of a rate reduction, etc.* only one treadmill in exercise room - not enough for a property with this many roomsEssentially, the Emerald is clearly trying to be a nice mid-line suite property, but until they can get past the mistakes, this is a poor choice for the business traveler, and not highly recommended for vacation stays.	
Nov 17 2005 	Not everything that happens in Vegas stays in Vegas...	This is a motel, not a hotel and definitely not a suite. This is a motel deceptively trying be something it's not on website. My room had a living area and a separate bedroom area, so I guess they get off on a technicality.I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived, as the office staff (yes, office, this is a motel and there is no lobby) was friendly and my room was clean and that was good enough for a last minute business trip. However, my departure experience was a completely different story. I called 3 hours before I was to leave for the airport and asked for a preferred cab company. The woman answering sounded like she was asleep, and she told me the motel offered shuttle service and asked me to call 10 mins. before I wished to leave and the shuttle would be ready. I repeated what she said and she confirmed. So, I did just that...I called and the woman answering the phone called me a LIAR (repeat, I WAS called a LIAR) after she asked the woman I supposedly spoke with earlier and she said I was a liar! (I do not know it in fact it was the woman I originally spoke with). It was SO unprofessional. The woman continued to call me a LIAR and told me I would have to wait for the shuttle or a cab, even after I explained what I was told and that I was going to miss my flight if I had to wait, the woman was still SO rude and showed no remorse for the miscommunication. I noticed a woman standing in the back listening to our conversation and I asked if she was the manager. She said she was the GENERAL MANAGER. Then, another GUEST offered to take me to the airport and then the GM also offered, but the GM let the GUEST take me! In a city as traveled as Las Vegas, a motel like this should have no business being listed on travel reservation web sites with other quality hotels. At the very least, it should be classified for what it is, a low class motel. After my departure experience, I recommend staying here on your 18th birthday with your buddies or if your car breaks down and there is no other place to stay. Actually, scratch that, stay in you car.	
Nov 6 2005	Just what it promised	I don't know what everyone is complaining about with this one! Unless you go in with a snobby attitude expecting people to kiss your butt, the staff here was very nice and quite helpful. While my mother and I were walking around checking out the place, the staff smiles and says hello, asks if you need help. The pool was nice, clean, big clean laundry rooms also. The train is very close, but unless you can't sleep though a snoring person, it's really not a big deal at all. The place gives just what it promises. Two giant rooms with King beds and a den/kitchen area. The kitchen is not fully stocked, but if you are expecting it to be, who are you, a chef? Go out and enjoy Vegas! There are some reviews where people complain that there are only measuring cups, what are you people making in there? You let your kids sleep on the floor? YOu sleep on the floor, and let the kids have the bed, don't make us feel bad for you. When we were checking in, two men came in and were told they had to have a king bed. They very nicely said that was a mistake and would like separate beds. They were accomodated on the spot. A lesson to those of you complaining about the rude staff...if you are rude and nasty, they will be too. The staff even sent maintance to fix our remote control for the t.v. The only complaint I had were rude guests, but that is not really the hotels fault at all. I&quot;m sure if I had complained they would have helped. Some guests left early in the morning and were noisy, yelling slamming doors and even smoking marijuana all hours of the night, and you could smell it in the rooms. I was tempted to call the desk, but I wasn't there long enough to cause a problem. For those of us who have stayed at the classier places know, even they have noisy rude guests. Also, distance to the strip is not an issue. It's really close. If your lazy, stay on the strip. If you have a car, can figure our how to take a taxi or don't mind walking a little bit, it's exactly as far as it says. Even a nice view from the balcony by the room.	
Nov 1 2005	This hotel sucks and so did the staff	We stayed at this hotel for a weekend and I was very disappointed. The staff were rude, when I checked out no one asked how was my stay or if I would be returning? There were no paper towels in the room, our room was missing the iron board and the staff were not even aware of the fact. Which lead me to question when was the last time they had the room cleaned. The TV has open wires sticking out of the back and the reception was lousy and the staff gave bad directions to every place we tried to go in Vegas. We did better with the map the rental car company gave us. I would never recommend this hotel, because the website misleads its customers about what type of room you will get, they put pictures of modern room with Internet connection and flat screen TVs and our room had none of these. Don't waste your money or time by staying at this motel you will be very upset and have lousy experience.	
Oct 14 2005 	Rude and Uncompromising	Their website is deceptive and all but makes invisible a scroll down bar which tells you at the very bottom of a long scroll, that reservations must be cancelled 48 hours in advance which is far from the industry norm. It also does not illustrate this point on the email confirmation they send you. I tried to cancel inside the 48 hr. window, and was told no way, they were charging my card. I could understand if this was the Bellagio, but a small corporation like this should do everything in it's power to generate good will and a happy customer base.	
Jul 25 2005	Don't have anything to do with this place	I haven't even stayed here yet and can tell you it is a waste of your money.They have teamed up with an outfit called SkyAuction[-] and will not honor any dates you submit (even after you paid for the room). The same nights I submitted showed availability on Expedia. I have been denied a room twice. I will try it one more time and then I am submitting this problem to the BBB of Las Vegas.	
Jun 9 2005	what a joke	This place was a terrible motel. The desk staff were rude, and the shuttle took almost two hours to show up for an airport pickup. Rooms needed a good cleaning, and the air conditioner was turned totally off.	
Jun 2 2005	Excellent Hotel	After booking a reservation at the Emerald Suites Tropicana, i read a lot of so-so reviews and a few bad ones as well. this made me vary wary. Reviews mentioned that the hotel staff was rude, there was never any hot water, a train rolled by once an hour all day and nite long, the beds were uncomfortable, etc. Well after staying at the Emerald Suites Tropicana, i can say without a doubt in my mind that i had nothing but a GREAT time there. The hotel staff were very friendly, i had very hot water at all hours of the day, a train would roll by rarely but i hardly even took notice (and my room was right next to the tracks), my bed and room itself was very comfortable and inviting. Bottom line, this is a GREAT hotel to stay in if you're going to be visiting Las Vegas. You won't be disappointed.	
Jun 1 2005	What a joke!! Sooooo deceiving!!!!		
May 26 2005	Terrible!!		
May 4 2005	Truly a Jewel		
May 4 2005	Nice little place!		
Feb 9 2005	Worst hotel ever rude staff		
Oct 26 2004	Not that bad? (LOL!)		
Sep 13 2004	Pretty Good		
Jun 17 2004	nice and quiet!		
Feb 28 2004	Not that Bad!!		
Oct 28 2003	what you should know before booking this hotel		
