	Grandview needs to get it's act together	Just returned from this place two days ago. This was a nice place to stay and I have no complaints about the accomodations, But I was very disappointed in the staff. They screwed up at ever turn, I arrived late in the evening while some of my family checked in earlier in the day, The hotel staff harassed my mother several times that evening before she showed up at the desk with her credit card to &quot;calm&quot; the front desk staff down. (Reservation was in my name, but I had called to get them permission to check in early) I arrived at 10:30pm and gave them my credit card to settle all issues, next day at about 11:30 at night as we returned from an evening out they had locked us out of our room (not one key worked) When we called down to front desk they said it is because we hadn't paid our bill. I explained the situation of my flight delay and paying at 10:30pm the night before etc. They had no record of my credit card. What a nightmare. When I went down stairs to resolve this they had charged my mothers credit card (And yet they still locked us out) A note attached to the account stated &quot;Do not charge this credit card but to wait for me to show up with my credit card&quot;. They reversed the charges and were embarrassed about all these problems they had caused, And perplexed at what had happened. The left hand definitely didn't know what the right hand was doing. Some of the rooms were missing soap, some were missing shampoo, when calling to get what we needed they gave us the run around, and never delivered the soap or shampoo. Customer service is lacking BIG TIME&gt; BE CAREFUL. I can't wait to see my final bill. I am sure it will be screwed up too.	
	Great place	With the exception of the &quot;free breakfast&quot; which is really a sales presentation, this is a great property. I would highly recommend if you are a 2nd or 3rd timer Vegas vacationer and you are a little tired of the strip. This is a great place to bring a family. I would recommend renting a car for your strip/show visits. We found a garage on the strip (near the M&amp;M store) where we could park for $3.00 all day. There was a full kitchen so not all of your time has to be spent looking for places to eat. This property is very close to a Whole Foods and Wal-mart. Parking can be challenging if you are coming in late from a show. Very close to M Casino down the road if you want to gamble but don't want to deal with the strip. I recommend Red Cup cafe for all 3 of your meals. Portions are generous. You can bring your leftovers and put them in the full size refridgerator that is available. I will stay again!	
	you can cook but you can't swim: cold pool	The rooms were big, the kitchen well appointed. You don't have to eat out for every meal. But we were disappointed that none of the pools were heated enough to swim in. And the sofa bed mattress is awful.	
	I would recommend this resort for its spacious accommodations and decor.	The beginning of the visit was frustrating because of the lack of coordination between the resort and RCI- neither would assume responsibilty for not having us on the registration list even though calls had been made to both agencies 3 weeks before; 5 days before; and the day of. After about an hour, I was finally in a room where I took an immediate nap- only to wake to red, itchy , swollen eyes, and a familiar animal smell. Definite animal dander had been left behind. The housekeeping manager handled this graciously by offering to move me to a different room(with no garantees, even though animals are not allowed), but we settled with having the carpet shampooed and all of the linen and comforter replaced. By the way, a guest later entered the elevator with a dog. If you have allergies to pet dander, beware and ask for safety cleaning. This worked very well. The $1.00 charge for coffee was ridiculous and was waived once protested. Very nice deli on site. The food was good. Shuttle service was very good - timely and considerate. Be prepared to tip! The resort shuttle activities were very good and allowed freedom of movement without the $8 regular shuttle service. Even though the overall resort experience was good, more effort toward friendliness could have been exemplified by the front end staff - they were a bit aloof and not as involved with guest services and care as I have experienced in other resorts.	
Nov 22 2009 	very pleasant accomodations but a little far away from The Strip	Our family traded into a 2-bedroom apt. timeshare for a week and it was great. I knew it would be 7 miles from The Strip but didn't think that would be a hindrance. The rental car was in my name, and I was therefore the chauffeur for all the trips in and out of town. A shuttle was available most hours of the day, but for a fee, of which the others chose not to take advantage. The South Point Casino is next door and a good diversion, but not as spectacular as the biggies in town. As for driving, Las Vegas was an easy city to maneuver. I-15 went right into the city, 10minutes away and The Strip was only a block or two from any exit. Parking was free in all the casinos. At least in mid November, the traffic was not horrific (but then I am from the Washington D.C. area) and even the taxis were agreeable to letting me in when I was in the wrong lane. We rarely had to park too far from the hotel.casino entrance. Now, the 2-bedroom unit was very lovely, had an entrance foyer with two 1-bedroom units with locked doors off it. Beautifully furnished with flat screen TVs on living room and bedroom walls. Kitchen was well-furnished. Bathrooms very nice with standup shower- a jetted tub was in the bedroom area across from the closet. The complex is HUGE and still building and timeshare sales are going strong. Our building (Daisy) was next to a parking garage, which we only needed once. It was a little hike to the pools and the fitness center, but they were great, and the outdoor jacuzzi very nice. I liked that the pool furniture, when moved across the cement decking, was nearly silent! There were big piles of towels and an attendant at the main pool. The fitness center was well equipped with 3 TVs and busy in the morning 7-9am. There were barbecue grills and tables in this area also, but I don't think anyone from Daisy would have schlepped the hot dogs that far. Check in was easy! We arrived 2 1/2 hours before our 4pm check-in. They did the paperwork and took my cellphone number, called an hour later that we could go in. We had towel service midweek. Internet access was free in the lounge in the main building, but only 2 computers were working when I wanted to print out my boarding passes, so they were very accommodating at the front desk though they couldn't fix the computers. In unit wireless cost $49.95 for the week. Check out was just a phone call to tell them we were leaving- card keys left in the unit. Elevators had posted activities for the day- there were usually 4-5 things, but we didnt' attend. The area is great. We visited Lake Mead, the Hoover Dam and Red Rock Canyon for hiking. Spent 3 days at Zion and Bryce National Parks in UT before going down to Las Vegas. Want to return!	
Nov 15 2009 	HAD THE BEST TIME !	We stayed 6 nights at Grandview in the Daisy building on leval 4. Everything was nice and clean and well decorated if you stay more than three days there is limmited maid service / pickup service.. YOU NEED A RENTAL ..We parked our rental vehicle from FOX ( they are the cheepest ) in the parking garage that has plently of space. No problem with parking. The room had everything, well stocked with dishes and cooking utensils, dish and dishwasher soap, washer &amp; dryer incl soap. Lge table and 4 chairs, sofasectional and a chair. Two T.V.s, one in living-room and one in bedroom. Large bathroom with 2 sinks and large shower, and jet tub. The pool area was nice with large swimming pool (warm) and hot tub. Towels supplied at pool. We hate to do timeshare presentation it takes up too much of your time. The location is very good,right on Las Vegas Blid, five minute walk next door to Southpoint, five minute drive to M resort south. Five minute drive to interstate and same distance for grocery shopping at Walmart. Ten minute drive to the strip.Being off the strip is a good and bad thing.There is a outlet center and a reg mall just north of the location. Only thnig I would like to see is a REAL Chicago style pizza place and a family stlye resturant for breakfast.,Not a Ihop ( hate it )..This was our fourth or fifth trip to Vegas so we did more site seeing this time.We went to Valley of Fire worth the trip and a must see we also made the trip to Hoover Dam that was only 14 miles from Valley of Fire.We also made a trip to Mt Charleston..There is a lot of driving you need a car!!!!!	
Nov 14 2009 	Four nights @ Grandview in Las Vegas	We stayed 4 nights at Grandview in the Jasmine building. Everything was nice and clean and well decorated. By the amount of vehicles in the parking lot the building was full, but was very quiet. No problem with parking. The room had everything, well stocked with dishes and cooking utensils, dish and dishwasher soap, washer &amp; dryer incl soap. Lge table and 4 chairs, chesterfield and chairs. Two T.V.s, one in living-room and one in bedroom. Large bathroom with 2 sinks and large shower, and jet tub. The pool area was nice with large swimming pool (warm) and hot tub. Towels supplied at pool. Asked to do timeshare presentation. Declined and nothing further except letter under door inviting us again. The only negative about accommodation is our condo faced east and sun bright in morning as only wooden blinds in bedroom. (Bring eye covers) The other was couch sofa had very thin mattress. The location is very good, five minute walk next door to Southpoint, five minute drive to M resort south. Five minute drive to interstate and same distance for grocery shopping at Walmart. Ten minute drive to the strip.	
Nov 8 2009 	Time away from the reality of Work and Kids	We didn't rent a vehicle, we rode the deuce and shuttled around town. The room was clean and well kept. The pool area is beautiful, but be prepared, even us Canadians found it freezing, not heated. The free internet to book flights was great! Felt very safe on the grounds. Did not get hounded for timeshare speeches, we didn't go to one and they asked us once and then left us alone. This was greatly appreciated.Negative: they left us a message at 11am, we were already out for the day, when we returned at midnight, they had locked us out of our room because we had not returned their call regarding the $10.00 safe fee. When we didnt have proper id, they had security escort us to our room to open the safe to get our passports for i.d. WOW, I was less than impressed and will NEVER stay there again for this event alone. They have no idea how to treat a guest!!	
Nov 6 2009 	LOVELY ACCOMODATION	Stayed for a week with 2 friends.Accomodation was great,had everything we needed in apartment.Everywhere was so clean.Very spacious and comfortable.The weather was very hot and made use of the pool and sunbeds most afternoons.Would definately recommend Grandview .Staff were very nice.	
Nov 4 2009 	loved it	stayed for 2 weeks. The appartments are great. There is everything you need. The shower was huge. the bathroom was really nice. the kitchen was really well equipped. there are free buses going to the grocery store and shopping outlets and loads of other places. appartment really clean for a smoking one. bed was great huge very comfortable. best bit the jucuzzi bath really nice. barbe equipment available and pool open to late so you can get into jucuzzi at night. really nice people there and very quiet and peaceful at the pool. went next door to southpoint a few nights. After 12pm 1/2 pounder and chips 2.95 great.	
Nov 3 2009 	wonderful place but you need a car.	We just returned from a week at Grandview. It was very good and clean. the first unit was shabby and the carpet was stained, one of the faucets was broken, but we were moved immediately when we complained. the facilities are very good (pools, gym and BBQ ). Having Southpoint next door is a plus as they have lots of restaurants, movies, bowling etc. and, of course, a casino! the furniture is not very comfortable to sit in, but, who in Vegas sits!! Wonderful vacation.	
Nov 2 2009 	Average at best	We stayed at the Grandview and, initially, liked the property. We stayed in the newest building on the first floor and that worked well for us. However, after about 3 days we found ants in the bathroom and on the 5th day we found a bug in the bathroom we couldn't identify - all were alive. When we discussed with management they told us they have those issues on the first floor but we weren't told when we checked in. The resort is kind of far from the Strip but we didn't find that to be too much of an issue.	
Nov 1 2009 	Would go back again and again	This property is excellant. We stayed there for 2 nights, and really enjoyed everything there. It was really quiet, and very nice. The 1bedroom was plenty of room for a family of 4.	
Oct 30 2009 	Nice Place away from the Strip	My in-laws were in Las Vegas for the AARP convention and traded their timeshare week in Pennsylvania for the Grandview. Each master suite consists of (2) 1 bedroom suites with their own separate doors opening into a foyer and the main door to the hallway. It was a very basic suite with all the amenities that a normal timeshare has without all the bells and whistles. It contained a regular size kitchen, bathroom, master bedroom, master bath. It also had a small living and dining room. The living room had a pullout sofa, an entertainment center with DVD player and large old school TV. Master bedroom had a king bed, smaller TV and no DVD player. Master Bath had a nice jacuzzi tub, separate from the actual bathroom, fairly big walk-in shower and dual sinks. According to the sales folks, 6 buildings are completed with 2 more coming. They have 2 thousand units now, and I'm guessing with the other 2 buildings, they will add another 300 or so rooms. Access is very easy, as it is south on LV boulevard, about 5 miles or so from the Mandalay Bay. Or, you can access it from I-15 as well. It's located right next to the South Point Casino. The only real complaint I had was that the walls seem to be very thin. I consistently heard running water and chairs being moved in the other units around us. We didn't take part in the timeshare lockdown, but on one of our walks around the complex, I did see the sales center where the models were, and they were nothing like the unit we had. I'm not sure if this is how they are planning to remodel in the future, but I thought of the classic 'bait and switch technique' &quot;Take a look at this beautiful model unit. Nice furniture, (2) 42&quot; plasma screen TV's, etc.&quot; And oh, by the way, this is NOT the unit you will actually be getting if you buy here. LOL So, in conclusion, I probably would not stay here again unless it was the same type scenario. Not because I didn't like it, just to many other places to stay in Vegas.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great stay	We stayed at the Grandview in Sept. We were in one of the new buildings - 5th floor - end unit. The room was well furnished and clean. I like that it was two separate rooms with lots of space - full kitchen with utencils. The only downside is that the jacuzzi can be loud and you're not supposed to use it after 10. Not too far from the strip (about 10 minutes) in the car. Loved the location because we were not in the hustle and bustle of Las Vegas. There is a casino right next door - Southpoint and a new casino further down the road - &quot;M&quot;.	
Oct 29 2009 	It was just great for us	We knew going down this would be a time share and we'd get at least a quick push from the staff on how great it was to be an owner. We did have that happen, but it was over after only a few seconds when we said we were not interested. The room was great for us. The price was outstanding. It was about a 10 minute drive to the shows on the strip, but we didn't mind that at all. Ton's of space. We didn't run into any sound problems with other rooms. Two minor complaints. The leaf blower guy at 7 am.....really are they serious. The pool was so cold. Perhaps when the temp outside it 100+, the cold pool is great, but we were there when the temp was in the 70's and the pool was too cold. Recommend the breakfast at the casino next door. Internet came at a cost.	
Oct 24 2009 	Don't be fooled by positive reviews- this is a 2 star wannabe place	Based on the glowing reviews on Expedia and Trip Advisor (which is now owned by Expedia - which is worth noting) I decided to try Grand View. This place is a Time Share Nightmare. If you are expecting a luxury condo experience - do yourself a favor and pay a little more to stay at The Signature at MGM Grand which is so vastly superior that I am sorry I didn't stay there this trip. We were given a handicapped room (did not ask for one) on the 3rd floor of the Daisy Tower which had a view of a garbage dumpster and sounds to match. No fresh air in the room which smelled of disinfectant and damp carpeting. Do not pay more than $50 a night and you will have nothing to complain about. The decor is absolutely frightening.Red, White and Black. Stripes, Diamonds, Plaids, Checks all mixed together to make you queasy. Drapes do not match carpet and windows do not open. Air conditioning LOUD and sporadic. Only one small bathroom sink (I cannot imagine what people do who come here with children or more than 2 people). The faucet is the kind they use at Gas Station restrooms -where you have to press it for the water to come on and when it does you had better use it fast before it shuts off. There is no way to regulate the water temperature. I ended up using the kitchen sink to wash my face. If you have an extra mirror - bring it so that someone can use that sink.The cabinets were very cheap - everything about this place made me cringe as I felt like it was built in the 1980's and yet IT WAS JUST COMPLETED! I think they may have salvaged a lot of the materials from hotels that were blown up over the years. Terrible sound proofing - no security. I felt trapped. If you think you are getting a deal, think again- the extra room in the living room is not really suitable for sleeping - there is no closet space or shelving in there. I don't think I would be as annoyed if the reviews were more accurate - one person actually insinuated this place was on a par with a five star property on the strip. There is NO SECURITY - light in the entryway was out. PLEASE do not make the same mistake. This is a zoo with time share sales pitches and people looking confused everywhere. It is not relaxing and there are much better choices out there.NO FREE INTERNET ($9.95 per night) and a $10.00 per night charge to USE THE SAFE IN THE ROOM.NO RESTAURANTS ON PROPERTYNOT AFFILIATED WITH SOUTH POINT CASINO - so you can't charge food there to your bill.Good points: 2 flatscreen TV's that worked. A large jacuzzi tub (took 15 minutes to fill)A comfortable mattress (with very rough sheets - had to use my own). A working kitchen with large refrigerator and stove.Thank goodness I brought my own sheets because the sheets on the bed were rough as sandpaper and the comforter was queen sized (on a King Bed). Calls to housekeeping were not returned. Check out is 10:00 am. Sharp.	
Oct 21 2009 	Happy with My Choice	I found a buy one night get one free on Expedia for the Grandview so I took it. Friday and Saturday for only $66! What a deal. Anyway, My room really was an apartment furnished like a model unit - very nice. The room had a great view of the strip and the jetted tub was a plus. As others have mentioned the walls are thin but my neighbors tried to keep the noise down but still rather audible. Also as mentioned before, do not expect the usual hotel service or amenities. The pool / spa area was very nice and very crowded during my visit.If you are familiar with Vegas and can find a deal on this property then by all means go. Price wise at full retail this property may not be competitive with hotels in the same price range if you consider the incentives offered. Last, the timeshare thing. It was offered during check in and I said no thank you. No hard push at the front desk thus the timeshare aspect did not come into play.	
Oct 21 2009 	Far from the Strip but excellent hotel	Even though it is ideal to stay on the strip, this is the best hotel if you decide to stay far from the strip. Definitely need a car but every hotel in Vegas has lots of parking so that is not a problem. Did not use any of the services because we spent the whole time on the strip. Suites are very roomy, comfortable and clean and have a fully equipped kitchen. Only minus found was that there is a $10 charge per day/per computer for internet connection.	
Oct 20 2009 	Good family environment for Vegas	We got a great deal on the Grandview not realizing it was a timeshare. We loved the location next to South Pointe and the fact it was off the strip so we didn't have to explain inappropriate behavior to our kids like we often do when we have to stay on the strip. We stayed in the Sage building. The chairs were dirty (stained), the parking during the day was limited, but fine at night, the walls were thin. They have a restaurant onsite which would've been great but the grill or fryer was broken and we couldn't order, but South Pointe had several restarurants to choose from. The pools were great. We felt like we had a lot of space in the room for the price and we loved the jacuzzi tub!	
Oct 19 2009 	Best value in Vegas	We booked through the &quot;resort&quot; portion and skipped the whole timeshare thing. We stayed in Lily and really were impressed by the rooms. Having 2 rooms that were adjoining was perfect and thought the layout was terrific. Its a bit confusing when you book - there are no &quot;2-room&quot; condos - you have to book 2 separate rooms and hope that when you check in there are adjoining rooms. So if you have a family with small children - check in as soon as you can so that you can secure adjoining rooms. The front staff was wonderful in helping us secure our rooms, especially at 8p on a Friday night when its seemingly chaotic with everyone checking in. My kids loved the pool, I thought the exercise room was great and the distance to the strip was exactly what we wanted. There was a free shuttle to M , the newest casino. You definitely need a car. The rooms were quieter than a Holiday Inn, no &quot;smoking&quot; smells once you're in your room. THe plumbing very loud - especially the jetted tub, but it was bothersome once over the entire weekend. Overall, we would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 17 2009 	Nice Place to Stay with the Family	Staying here, you definitely need a car. However, there is still a lot to do close by. The South Point Casino is right next door, and besides the typically gambling, they have a movie theater, bowling alley, arcade room, and much more.The pools during our stay were pretty cold, but they were having a mild Spring (so we were told). Most of the time was spent in the hot tubs, which were really too hot to spend much time, so I'd say the pools were just average. Rooms were nice, new, and clean. Would have been nice to have free wifi, but you don't, so you need to go to the lobby to wait for your chance at 20 minutes. Not convenient, but better than nothing. The highway is easily accessible from the resort, so we hopped on that most times to get where we needed to go.I think you'll enjoy your stay here. We would definitely go back again.	
Oct 10 2009	Very Nice and Convenient Location	The location is on the Las Vegas strip, but to the south, easy to get to and conveniently located to many offerings in Vegas, such as shopping centers, restaurants, etc. The unit we stayed in had a full kitchen and comfortable furniture. The decor is stylish and relaxing. The parking was not great on weekends, we had to park in a parking structure near the building, but a decent walk late at night to the hotel. The area felt safe though. The GrandView does not offer free wireless in the room, which was disappointing. We paid $50 for the week we were there and the speeds were pretty slow, usually around 1mb. They do offer guests to use their computers in the main office building, but we like to lounge around in our pajamas late at night or in the morning, and it just was the same. The pools were nice, though it was cool/cold when we were there, so we didn't take advantage of them. We rarely heard any other guests, and found the stay relaxing and comfortable.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Resort in a Great Location	We have just returned from 2 weeks at this resort as an RCI Timeshare exchange and were very pleased with our stay. We had really bad colds the first week so weren't able to make the most of the resort facilities, bit we did make use of one of the hot tubs in the second week which was wonderful. We also used the Southpointe right across the road for the buffet breakfast and a couple of evening meals, and the inevitable gambling which has to be done when in Vegas! We also saw a film in the Southpointe cinema.The front desk and housekeeping were very helpful and quick to respond to our requests. I must thank the writers of previous reviews, as it was through reading your reviews that we realised the significance of having black out curtains in the bedroom.The first unit we were shown in block 3 Lily, did not have black outs, so we spoke with the front desk and requested that we be given a unit that did have them. They were very quick to respond and were able to reassign us a unti in Block 4 Daisy, which we were very happy with.We were so happy that we have decided to stay here again when we return in June 2010.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great Experience	The Grandview was a great place to stay – reserved as a Last Call vacation through RCI. We were assigned to a one bedroom in the Daisy tower on the 21st floor. This is a newer tower and it was very nice… granite countertops, flat screen TVs in the livingroom and bedroom. Whirlpool bathtub in bedroom. Lots of storage – extra hanging closet in livingroom and drawer space for the person on the pull-out couch. One can judge a place by how they take care of problems. Upon arrival, our coffee pot was leaking and it was replaced with a new pot within minutes of calling. They encouraged paying an extra $10 for use of in-room safe but we declined and were able to use the safe with no deposit. We didn’t pay for in-room wireless internet – I went to the lounge and used the computers for free (and was able to print a coupon as well). The exercise room had two out of order elliptical machines and the treadmills were all somewhat different. It would be good to post some operating instructions for this equipment because people were confused on how to operate the treadmills. There is also good shopping nearby off of Blue Diamond (Target, Kohls, Sally’s Beauty, Ross). We declined the timeshare presentation at check-in and received another better offer for the presentation a couple days after check-in. We did not do the Grandview timeshare presentation.The Southpoint casino which is right next door is very new and nice. It has several restaurants, movie theater, bowling alley – we ate there several times. They have some fantastic after midnight specials in the café. Great access to I-15 and I-215 from the resort – only a few minutes from the strip. We did attend a timeshare presentation at Wyndom – received $50 casino play, two free buffets, two tickets to the comedy club and two vacation vouchers. We were two women traveling together (one single and one without hubby). We went to Hypnosis Unleashed (Terry Stokes), Freemont Experience on Sat eve and saw a great band (www.ybrband.com), Harrah’s comedy club, Let’s Make a Deal game show (search Google for free tickets available on line), The Price is Right game show, the CSI Experience at MGM.	
Oct 4 2009 	Wonderful Hotel Very Far from Strip	My husband and I stayed here for 1 week during our honeymoon (a wedding gift). We stayed in a beautiful 1-bedroom suite with all the ammenities of home, a large, fully equipted kitchen, in-suite laundry, comfortable living room, separate bedroom, and huge, gorgeous bathroom. Not at all what I expected a timeshare to be like. Since the use of the timeshare for the week was a gift from a timeshare-owning relative, I never attended any of the sales tours, etc. so I cannot comment on those. The pool was beautiful, the grounds well kept. Absolutely pristine. The only things I can complain about is that there is no restaurant (except a small snack shack) on the grounds, and at the time when we went, the only nearby restaurants were the ones in the casino next door (South Pointe), which we didn't find very good. Also, it was a very long way from the strip. Even though the address reads &quot;Las Vegas Blvd&quot; it was a very long trip from the strip, and with paying for the cabs and airfare, we probably could have paid to stay on the strip with no cabfare needed in a package deal for the same price. Sure wish it was on the strip, as it really is a beautiful property, nicely furnished and decorated. If it was on the strip, I would have loved to buy a timeshare there as well, but it's not worth the hassle of being away from the shows, no where to eat. You basically get ready to go out for the day and expect not to come back till after dinner. Unless you want to take the free daily (maybe more than daily?) shuttle to the grocery store, or the shuttle to the strip that is always late, takes forever, and for which you have to wait on the hot pavement for over an hour.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great place to stay!	Just got back from a one week stay at the Grandview. We had a 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom suite as we were traveling with another couple. It was great. We each had our own kitchens, living space and washer/dryer. We had our car so it was no trouble driving to the Strip for shows, etc. We really loved the Southpoint right next door and spent a good deal of time there. Several nice restaurants, bars and a great &quot;sportsbook&quot;. The pool at the condo was really nice too.Our beds were really comfortable but I brought my own pillow. My husband was wishing he had brought his pillow. Yes, sometimes you could hear the shower on in the room next to us, but not bad like some other reviews. The place was very clean and nice &amp; roomy. Flat screen TV's also great although there was no TV Guide which would have been nice to have since all the stations are different than in California.We could not have been happier with this place and will definitely go back. We stayed in the Daisy tower which was the newest one and never had any trouble with getting parking space like some of the other reviewers.	
Sep 23 2009 	A nice surprise!	My husband and I stayed here for two nights. We were traveling with our then 23-month-old son and a 17-year-old cousin who was visiting us from Europe. I was dreading the timeshare sales pitch, but all they did was ask if we wanted to attend the presentation. We said &quot;no,&quot; and that was it. Maybe it was my squirmy toddler who helped us out on that end, who knows? My other worry was parking as some reviews said it was hard to find with the construction, but it was fine. There was a parking garage that newly opened in the event we didn't find parking near our tower. No worries.The suite was very nice...fully equipped kitchen, big bathroom, whirlpool tub. The bed was a little uncomfortable, but it was okay. My only &quot;complaint&quot; was that the neighbors were runnnig the whirlpool tub really late at night and making a lot of noise, in spite of a sign asking that the whirlpool not be used after 10. Anyway, I loved having the kitchen and being able to prepare our own food...saved a ton of money! The pool complex was fine...not big and fancy like at some of the other hotels, but it suited us just fine.Overall, we would definitely stay there again!	
Sep 22 2009 	Bad Suite	Arrived Sunday evening. Hard sold a condo meeting. Saleperson refused the word NO. Finally got to our unit. Large tear in the sofa cusion was first thing we noticed. Called the front desk and they told us they would note it on our file. Later towel bar fell to floor in bathroom. It was not connected. Plumbing in bathroom plugged. They did provide us with a plunger. In kitchen we were provided with one 16 oz glass. Asked for additional and was told they were on back order. No phone book in unit. Asked for one and front desk said they could provide us with a number and address. Furniture in room looked worn out. The arms of the chairs were nearly bare, the coffee table was quite scuffed. It looked worse than a motel 6! Thursday was supposed to be our tidy up room service day, but they did not show! Pool was nice and they did get us 20 % Sheena Easton concert tickets at the Southpoint accross the street. I expected a great room on moving in. I should have insisted on a new room which was my mistake but I believe they should be responsible for their accomodations! My belief is that The Grandview is in financial trouble or possibly very poorly managed.	
Sep 21 2009 	Not a Hotel	Grandview is located 7 miles away from the strip. There is a complimentary shuttle that runs back &amp; fourth throughout the day, but service stops at about 1am. Overall Grandview is a nice timeshare resort. If you are looking for a hotel with room service and a casino and amenities of that nature, this is not the place for you. They have a pool which is nice and a &quot;deli&quot; onsite, but outside of that EVERYTHING else is on the strip. This is not a bad place to stay, I actually had a GREAT time in Vegas, but if your looking for more of the Vegas &quot;life&quot; I wouldn't suggest Grandview....however if you are looking for the Vegas &quot;life&quot; as well as the ability to be removed from the &quot;life&quot; this is the place to be.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great place	We stayed at Grandview Las Vegas from Aug 23-30. We had a great time. It's a very nice resort and well taken care of.The pros...The staff were very friendly, always willing to bend over backwards for their guests. The hotel was very clean and so were the rooms. The rooms were spacious and nicely decorated. The beds were comfortable. The jacuzzi in the room was so nice too!! Really appreciated the washing machine and dryer, we were only supplied with one tiny box of detergent...it's so nice being able to do some laundry while on vacation. The rooms all have kitchens, I loved that. We definitely saved some money by making breakfast in the morning. The pools were very nice and clean. There were plenty of chairs at the pool...we have been to some hotels where it is a nightmare trying to find two chairs after ten am. I only wish we had more time to spend relaxing there.It was nice that this hotel is so close to South Point since there is no casino at Grandview. Also gives you a little bit more for food and restaurant options. We didn't even really eat at the Grandview so I cant really comment on the restaurants. Actually, my husband bought us some food from &quot;the deli,&quot; it was okay. We mostly ate on the strip.We rented a car for the week so the distance from the Grandview to the strip didn't really matter. The cons...Nothing horrible. The pillows were actually horrible. They were all lumpy and just really uncomfortable. And the jacuzzi hours sucked. The hours were from 8am-10pm. Who is in their room during these hours? So we didn't get to enjoy the jacuzzi that much.One more thing was housekeeping, from what I understood they would only clean your room after you have been there for a few days...I thought that was odd just because I like getting housekeeping everyday.We booked a show through the hotel and they made us pay cash which was a little inconvenient, don't understand why we couldn't pay with a credit card. The distance from the strip isn't a bad thing, just be prepared to spend $30ish a way on cab rides to and from the strip if you don't rent a car. All in all, it was a great experience. I definitely would stay there again but would recommend to rent a car to anyone that does stay at this hotel. Also make you sure go to one of the grocery stores near by and buy some groceries, may as well take advantage of the fact that there is a fully equipped kitchen as you definitely can save some money. I wish we have cooked more meals there. I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and family.	
Sep 4 2009 	Very Impressed!!	Arrived at this property knowing it is a time share or related to a time share. To my surprise, I was checked in and not given the &quot;sales pitch&quot; once I announced that I was visiting on business. The suites are spacious, well decorated, convenient full kitchen, ammenities where not in tune with the luxurious style of the suites. There was a dinning room, living room, full kitchen, closets, a &quot;Jaccuzi Tub&quot; between the bathroom and the bedroom. My only complaint would be the 2 door deal to access your suite. My neighbors where rather strange and liked leaving their door open going in and out at all hours of the day and night. However, being a GM at a luxury property, I realize that human behavior cannot be blamed on the hotel management.I will recommend this property to friends and relatives if they plan to visit Las Vegas. My overall impression is = Impressed!	
Sep 2 2009 	Needs sound proofing	If you are standing in the bathroom or in your bedroom and the downstairs, upstairs or next door neighbour has a shower or runs the tub, you cannot hear yourself speak. Our neighbours woke us up at 3am just walking around and the other neighbours woke us up at 7:30am with their shower. Great value but housekeeping needs to learn how to wipe down and clean doors and kitchen. Food splattered on walls, dirty doors. Dishwasher in pieces on kitchen floor, water bottle on counter and plumber sweat smell in condo upon arrival.Nice place to visit, do not buy!	
Sep 1 2009 	We own at the Grandview	We enjoyed our stay at The Grandview. We are owners and recently upgraded to a 2-bdrm in their new building. Staff was very courteous and professional. I loved being far enough away from the strip to escape the noise and smoke, but close enough when I was up for it. Location is convenient to many of the comforts of home; grocery store, gas station, fast food, etc. Room was clean. Luckily, we didn't have any neighbors until the day before we left. I only look forward to more improvements and expansions at The Grandview. Can't wait to visit Viva Las Vegas again!!	
Aug 27 2009 	As good as advertised	This place was perfect for us! My wife and I took our 14 yr old daughter and two of her 14 yr old friends to Vegas...Yes I know why in the hell would we ever do that to ourselves?!?!?I looked online and found this place for an a amazing deal, buy one night and get the second for free, so the choice became obvious. My best friend and his wife stayed there last year and nothing but great things to say. I feel the same, the place was perfect! The room was great, the jacuzzi tub was WONDERFUL. The was just ok by Vegas standards and parking was a challenge (they have more than enough space for parking but you may have a walk a bit, but that's par for the course in Vegas.) This place is a timeshare deal but they operate as a hotel so upon check-in they might ask if you're interested in having 'Breakfast' with them, that's a veiled attempt to get you in a sales meeting for the time share. Just tell them no, they are very polite and will continue on with your check-in. Lastly for for the gaming the South Point may as well be on the same lot as it only a few steps away.All in all a great place!	
Aug 27 2009 	Grandview was totally AMAZING!!!	This was simply an amazing experience!!! Resort is located about 10 mins. from the strip but well worth the distance. Despite other reviews, we had no complications at all. We were able to check in early and check out late. NOT ONCE was i asked about a time share, nor was the staff rude in any way. The room was incredible. My girlfriend said she felt like Paris Hilton! The bedroom, living room, kitchen and bathroom were all spacious and well decorated. We'll probably never stay on the strip again as the casino's rooms do not compare to the value we received at the Grandview!	
Aug 26 2009 	Excellent place to stay!!!	This was the 2nd time we have stayed here and it will certainly not be the last. My girlfriend and i stayed for a week in August 2009. The resort has improved since the last time we stayed - customer service was better and they now have a parking garage so finding a space is much easier than it used to be.We were allocated to the Daisy building which is the newest of the towers and it was fantastic - everything was like new as though we were the first to stay there! They now have LCD tv's in the lounge and bedroom so this does give more space to move around and also looks better!The bed was extremely comfortable and i have got to say we did not experience any unwanted noise from other rooms as has been mentioned on other reports.This resort is located approximately 7 miles south of the main strip but as we hired a car this was not an issue for us but i think i would stay closer to the strip if i had to rely on public transport, although the resort do offer a shuttle service to and from the strip - we didn't use this so i cannot really comment on it.The pool areas are well maintained and provide free towels - my only gripe with the whole resort really is that you cannot get a beer round the pool - but it's no major problem.The south point casino next door is really good - pretty cheap to eat and drink there and a decent casino too, as well as bowling and a cinema complex. Oh yeh, Friday night all drinks are $1. You heard me right $1!!!!It's also worth taking a trip to the new M resort which is about 2 miles further along the strip - this is a fantastic place - very luxurious.All in all	
Aug 24 2009 	Great stay - will go again!	We were a party of 4 adults who shared 1 room at GrandView. Everything was great - from the reception to checkout. We requested for a corner room on a high floor with a good view and got it. The room was clean and well decorated. The 2 TVs were great! We cooked and used the washer dryer as well. I would recommend the hotel and will come back again.The only thing ( not really negative) - that the hotel is located a little far from the strip.	
Aug 20 2009 	great place to stay	My husband and I have only gone to vegas a couple of times and have stayed on the stripThe last ime we stayed here, we really loved it. Love that it is not on the strip. Very clean and large rooms. When you stay in a hotel room you have where no to where to hang out. Here, it's like a little apartment. You can get a few groceries and drinks for day time, and night time munching. The casino right next door has a great buffet. (Also a liquor store) You can also get a taxi there to get to the strip. There is also a shuttle for a nominal fee It takes you to a couple for hotels and back. A little bit of a ride but there is no drinking and driving this way. Better for your budget . There are 2 pools, one heated and one not. The timeshare tour is long, so if you have no interst in buying don't take the tour for the free stuff. If your just on vacation don't waste your time or their's, after all they are there to sell!!! I understand some have complained about hearing other peoplebut, it is just a hotel don't forget, not a place to live. We loved it and won't sty anywhere else next time we go.	
Aug 18 2009 	Wonderful Stay	Inspite of some of the bad reviews my husband and I stay at Grandview Resort was very pleasant. The beds were comfortable the rooms were nicely decorated and clean. Sometimes you may hear next door guest voices or the running water of the tub because the walls are so thin but we didn't hear much of that at all.The staff didn't bother us we only received our one reminder call of the resort presentation tour. Just my advise please do not take this tour it takes most of your time when you could be touring Vegas it is extremely too long. We were told 90 minutes we were there to listen to this sales pitch for 3 hours. The resort has a free shuttle bus that takes you to the market and to other places through out the week. The resort also have an outside company shuttle bus called Ritz Transportation that takes you to the strip for $8.00 a day. The shuttle bus also picks you up and drops you off from the airport to the resort for $8.00 per person that beats paying for the expensive cabs. I would recomend this resort just don't take the timeshare tour presentation too long.	
Aug 12 2009 	Pros and Cons...	We have been at the Grandview for a couple of days now and stay through Saturday. I read all of the reviews before coming and wanted to add some of my own Pros and Cons of the resort...Pros:1. Very comfortable bed and pillows. 2. Clean room 3. Parking (although I read that others had an issue with this, we stayed in the Daisy building, parked in the parking garage and have not had any issues)4. Conveniently located to major highways and the StripCons:1. WiFi is NOT free in the rooms ($9.95/per day). The media room is has very slow computers...2. The front desk employees speak very broken English3. When you check in, they try and get you to go to their sales pitch on time shares by offering $100 cash or show tickets. This is a 5 hour presentation!! DON'T DO IT!!4. The pool with the water fall is freezing. 5. The rooms are poorly insulated. You can hear the other rooms running the bath tubs, etc. Overall, this is a nice hotel. I would stay here again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Very nice but a few problems.	I stayed at the Grandview with my husband this June. We enjoyed it alot. Everything was clean and well-decorated. It also had the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on! Next door is the South Point casino, at which we spent alot of time. They have a bowling alley and movie theatre and a very nice spa. However, it appears that the Grandview condos were put up quickly and a few finishing issues had not been resolved in our unit. First, several pegs were missing underneath the kitchen cabinet shelves so that the first time we went to grab a glass, all of the dishes nearly slid out onto the floor! The entertainment center doors had never been properly screwed in, so they didn't work. At least one of the faucets had been installed wrong so it didn't turn right. There were other things that I can't remember. All in all, they were small issues, but they should still fix those things. Secondly, the pool area was nice, but they only played really boring music. Lastly, they don't have free WI-FI and that is a dealbreaker for me. You can pay for it for like $40 for the week, but that's ridiculous. Yes, they have internet, but it's in the main building, so you'd have to trudge over there every morning - NO THANKS! I was planning on buying into this place, because I could use it for business, but if they don't offer free WI-FI to owners (or free shuttle to the strip) I'm not interested!	
Aug 10 2009 	Beware the Timeshare lecture	Our arrival at the Grandview was nothing short of Grand! they welcome you and set you up in an awsome suite with 5 star everything. They ask you to join them for breakfast the next day on them and just to give them a review of the hotel. In return you get 2 tickets to a show in Vegas or $100 in gifts. NOT WOTH IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The 90 min survey turned into 4 hours of sales. They wasted half my day on stupid time share. Aside from that the place was great. Request the Daisy building because it is close to the parkade.	
Aug 6 2009 	Nice Resort away from The Strip	My husband and I stayed at the Grandview at Las Vegas for a week. The resort was very nice and the furniture well appointed. We stayed away from the pool due to the noise and traffic in that area. The suite was nice and clean and the kitchen was furnished with up to date equipment. The living room and bedrooms were fairly nice size. Overall, the place was nice if you like being away from the traffic on The Strip. A car is necessary to get around since it is located about six miles from The Strip. The resort does not allow smoking in the suites, which is great! The problem, however, is that the smokers hang around the entrance and you have to walk through thesmell of smoke to get to and from your suite. The other problem is the thin walls where you can hear the drain/plumbing as the guests upstairs and nearby run the shower and tub. As for the time share presentation, it takes every bit of three hours and the sales dept. manager got upset and rude, even insulted us when we refused to purchase. We were told that we had to stay for the entire time because it costs $1000 for each person that they bring in for a presentation. When we checked in, we were invited to have lunch and to learn about what was going on at the resort. It was not until we got to meet with the person in the sales dept. that we were told that it was for a time share presentation. Skip it if you can, not worth the rudness.	
Aug 6 2009 	Good but not great!	This property is nice, but nothing great. My wife and I are very forgiving and not very picky, so it takes a lot for us to complain. Let's go through the positives and negatives.POSITIVES: Nice pool, friendly staff, tastefully decorated rooms, convenient to strip and other shopping / restaurants, checked in early.NEGATIVES: - Stayed for week and did not receive mid-week linen exchange. - Bed had a dirty, hair covered blanket and no mattress pad when we arrived. We had to call for a new blanket, sheets, and mattress pad. - TV reception in bedroom was fuzzy even with cable.- Walls are very thin and noises from other rooms and pool could be heard easily inside our room. We were on the 6th floor.- Kitchen counter tops and cabinets not very clean.All and all, it was a nice vacation and an acceptable hotel. Nice for families and vacation with the kids, but not for a romantic getaway for two.	
Aug 4 2009 	Was perfect for our family and what we needed!	Was a very clean, and roomy place. We rented both sides, so that the kids had one side, and the adults had the other. Has two nice pools right by our building. The condo-style setup was very nice, and so was having a full kitchen, so we were not going out every night for supper. Beds and hidabeds were comfy. Design was great. Highly reccomened as an alternative to a cramped hotel.	
Aug 2 2009 	Glad to have booked this resort despite the mixed reviews.	This is an RCI exchange. The Grandview was a little further south from the strip by about 8 miles on Las Vegas Boulevard but well worth our stay. With two kids in tow, we wanted something a little more laid back and thought it was a great location.The resort was large with multiple buildings and a couple more under construction across the parking lot from our building--though we really didn't hear any of the usual construction noise since the work was mostly interior. The buildings closer to the front are the &quot;older&quot; ones and I was told that they're gradually being updated. Having arrived at 4 am after driving through the night from Southern Idaho, we lucked out by being situated in one of the newer buildings (Building 4 &quot;Daisy&quot;) and next to the parking terrace.TIP: call ahead and request a non-smoking room if you need one, especially if you anticipate a late arrival or you could get stuck with what they have available.The unit was great. It was a 1-bedroom but it felt nice and large. The room had a great pullout couch/sectional with a chaise. The interior had a thoughtful designer feel with nice furnishings and granite countertops. There's a jacuzzi tub in the master bedroom and the bed was just perfect for us (if you don't like hard-as-a-rock firm beds). The bathroom is REALLY spacious with a makeup table in between the two sinks and a large 48&quot; corner shower. Complimentary soap and shampoo along with the usual laundry soap, dishwasher soap, and paper products. There is midweek &quot;Tidy Service&quot; to change your towels, make your bed with the same linen, wipe down counters and provide you additional comp sundries if needed.TIP: If you run out of the comp soaps, they will charge you a nominal fee if you ask for more but the housekeeping carts are never far away, sooo -- you get the idea.The amenities are pretty good. Currently, there are 4 or 6 swimming pools open and multiple jacuzzis open til midnight. The main one with the waterfall is in the middle of the resort complex along with the large excercise room (a must for me), nice barbecue area (at a 114º heat??), convenience store (buy flipflops, the concrete is HOT!) and activities center (Free facials on Wednesdays). The business center is in the registration building and there are many courtesy computers for guest use but the room is rarely empty during the day. I paid $50 for 7-day wi-fi connection in my unit (sorry, it isn't free). Now I know others complained about the minimal resort activities but the South Point Hotel and Casino is a quick hop across the street and has more than plenty to entertain both young and old.TIP: Skip the icky pizza from the resort convenience store and head across the street to South Point's Del Mar Deli just inside the casino entrance for your breakfast, lunch, snacks, and to-die-for pastries and bring it back for a pool-side meal. Our other favorite? Try the Big Sur Oyster Bar for dinner. The casino also has a huge movie complex with 16 theaters, large bowling alley, arcade, spa, scheduled shows and your usual number of restaurants. Still awake after midnight? Try bowling for a buck and fill your belly afterwards at the casino's Coronado Cafe with their graveyard breakfast specials that average $3 dollars--6 bucks if you want steak and eggs and it is HUGE! TIP: Loved the penny slots. If you're a gamer just for fun, the penny slots just might entertain you. They're looser (according to a local) and we won a combined total of $100 from just a $20 start between my husband and myself. It paid for a couple of dinners and movies.The resort also offers courtesy shuttle trips to the grocery store, Las Vegas Outlet and Town Center Mall, a few other resort/casinos including Mandalay Bay and Fremont Street. There's a schedule that you will receive with your welcome packet. If you do not drive to LV or plan to rent a car, I suggest you look that schedule over upon arrival and call the front desk to reserve your number of seats because there's only one shuttle per destination. Yes, I suppose it could be an inconvenience but we found that we simply scheduled our plans around our reservation with the courtesy shuttle and used Ritz Transportation at $8/pp on unlimited rides per day to and from the strip. If you plan on making multiple day trips to the strip, this is probably a big drawback to the resort services offered but it still beats a cab ride.Last, I want to say that if you don't want to join the timeshare sales people for the usual dog and pony show, just tell them kindly, no when they first call you. Yes, we were called once more after that but respectfully declined again. They even slipped a couple of notes under our door with their teaser promos but we simply threw them away. I'll admit that when you step into the front lobby most days, it feels like a giant pool of barracudas with their prey in tow but the few &quot;guest service&quot; staff that spoke to us were quite nice. I am a timeshare owner and I expect this with virtually every resort we've visited and have even encountered our share of those that tend to be predatory in their tactics but I think they do eventually leave you alone.FINAL TIP: If you haven't tried the website restaurant.com yet, check it out. You pay only $10 for a $25 gift certificate. There are a lot of restaurants that participate on the strip and surrounding areas (and even in your home area probably). Meals on the casino restaurants are great but expensive. Google &quot;restaurant.com discount coupon&quot; and save even more. We loaded up on gift certificates this week when the website offered an 80% discount on your total order (promo just ended but replaced by a 40% off discount through couponmom.com or fatwallet.com).Hope this helps and good luck.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great surprise in Vegas and a place to come back	We went to the Grandview on a RCI exchange for two weeks. We initially wanted to stay in one of the Hilton resorts but they were already booked so we chose the Grandview instead. But what a wonderful surprise it was! We loved our stay. The room was big and well equiped. The staff and checking in and out was efficient. The location next to Southpoint with its restaurants and casino is ideal. The food and buffets are extremely reasonable priced and of good quality. The shops and supermakets are all nearby. The Grandview is not on the Strip, it;s on the Southern part but we didn't mind that at all. We had a rental car and we went there many times to the hotels, restaurants, theatres and shopping malls. The Strip is too big anyway to walk everywhere so who needs an accommodation on the Strip? We made severak day trips to places outside Vegas as well, like Death Valley and the Hoover Dam, Lake Mead and Boulder City. The timeshare presentation is not that bad as some people think. We know what these presentations are like but we had a nice salesperson and a great breakfast and tickets for the Cirque de Soleil. So not bad after all. The weather was lovely so we also enjoyed the pool. In fact we liked our stay so much that we will return this year. We could easily book the Hitlon this time but we choose for the Grandview again.	
Jul 29 2009	EXCELLENT	I really enjoyed our stay at Grandview Las Vegas. It was a pleasant stay away from home. The rooms were excellent, the facility overall was nice. The staff was excellent as well. The location was great and I would recommend this facility to family and friends. My overall experience would be 5 stars!	
Jul 24 2009 	Happily off the strip	5 star luxury stay. Resort provides a shuttlebus to the main strip, but we found the South Point Casino next to The Grandview suited us better. The apartment was outstanding and came fully equipped and with a jacuzzi. Gardens and buildings well kept and maintained.	
Jul 19 2009 	No Free Shuttle to Strip!	The Grandview is one of the finest timeshares. Clean and no bugs! However they were to have free shuttle service so I did not rent a car. When we arrived they changed the free shuttle to $8.00 each a day. Or the cab was $25 one way to go 3 miles to the strip. At the welcome meeting everyone who was there was very disturbed about the fee. One couple had just purchased their timeshare and after hearing the complaints went right to the office and got his money back!They have a few free shuttle trips to the grocery and the strip twice a week is free. Next door there is South Point which has a great casino and inexpensive eating. They better change their services cause everyone was pissed!The pool is very clean and a real family resort. Everyone well behaved.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great Stay	We stayed here for three days during the Las Vegas Desert Classic professional darts tournament -- for us the location was perfect, just a short straight drive to Mandalay Bay where the tournament was held. Clean. Spacious. Nice. The price we found was right. But if you need internet, it costs extra. We had one problem due to a glitch in the system, but the manager went out of his way to resolve it and was very helpful We would stay there again for next year's tournament.	
Jul 9 2009 	Much Better Than Expected	Thanks to reviewer who suggested staying in the Daisy building and asking for a room that ends in 01. We stayed in 1701A and it was gorgeous! The decor was contemporary and very nicely done, which as my husband said is a rare compliment from me. The kitchen and bath are upgraded with granite and nice floor tiles. The view from the living room was of the pool area at South Point Casino. Bed very comfy with a flat screen tv and a larger one in the living room. Tips: Call ahead to request the room type/building you want, ask for a higher floor, goes up to 20 or 21. Expect to get hit up to attend the 90 minute presentation when the front desk agent sends to over to get your parking voucher. This was the only time we were asked. Wireless internet is $10/day in your room, but you can take your laptop down to media room and get wireless free. They also have free internet access on their computers in the media room for 30 minutes. If you stay in Daisy building, you're closer to parking garage than the other buildings, park in garage and then enter Daisy through the SIDE entrance will save you a lot of walking in the hot sun. Great place...enjoy!	
Jul 8 2009 	Just had 14 nights "Brilliant" not a single problem loved it every day.	Make sure you book the courtesy coach early,Take a drink into town with you,Go on the grocery shop trip(18bucks 2Lt white rum).Take no notice of other negative reviews they are all rubbish.	
Jul 7 2009 	clean	The rooms we had or should I say the condo we had was GREAT. They were very clean ,had everthing you needed (dishes,washer&amp; dryer,hair dryer). The beds were so comfortable &amp; big.The bath room were large,even had a jacuzzi tub. The only area for inprovement is to have more rackes for carrying suite cases. We waited for an hour for one, ask a man that work there how to get one, he said try the other buildings. Never offered to help. All so the walls are very thin, be careful how loud you talk.	
Jul 6 2009 	Very nice home-base close to the strip	If you don't mind being 4 miles south, but still on Las Vegas Blvd. -this is a very nice place to stay! We would go back! There are about 7 or 8 high rise buildings looking out over the desert and mountains- one building is currently under construction (right next to our building - but never a noise issue). Landscaping is very pretty, the buildings themselves are new and attractive. It's an easy drive to all the Vegas attractions, and we found it nice to escape the noise and bustle after a long day, especially with children. Parking was sometimes a challenge after everyone came in to the property at night - but no big deal.The SouthPoint Hotel and Casino is right next door - it is a new large full-service facility with bowling alleys, movie theaters, casino, shows, and a world class equestrian center. Las Vegas' newest full scale hotel/casino, called M, is also less than 2 miles further south - the last building on the strip - and it is incredible - very sophisticated and our favorite property we visited in all of Vegas.The Grandview units are large, attractive, nicely equipped, and very clean. We stayed in the Jasmine building with our 3 kids (ages 13,10,6) and had a 2 bedroom unit - which is really 2 one-bedroom units with a common foyer entry - so you get 2 full kitchens, 2 dens, 2 full baths, and 2 bedrooms - spacious and great for parents being able to stay up after the kids go to sleep. Completely sound proof - never heard another guest. Flat screens, great appliances, garden tubs, and handsomely appointed. Our building had its own small pool, and we also walked across the parking lot to another set of buildings where there are 2 large pools. Like I said, the action on the strip itself is a quick straight drive up the blvd. - about 4 miles - or you can get on I15 and loop behind the strip to save time in traffic. There are groceries, restaurants, a Walmart, etc. within a mile of the property. We rented a car, but Grandview also offers a shuttle.Check-in and check-out was easy and pleasant, and there was no pressure to attend timeshare presentations after a simple no thank you. We did not need to contact the staff for anything while there, so I can't speak to service other than to say our units were immaculate and everyone we encountered was helpful and polite.Things in Vegas with kids that we loved-----Valley of Fire (preferred it over Red Rock Canyon), Hoover Dam, Adventuredome (although CircusCircus is showing its age and does not feel clean - the amusement park was nice), Tournament of Kings dinner show, the Bellagio fountains, the Secret Garden and Dolphin Habitat of Seigfried and Roy, the roller coasters, and July 4th fireworks and dinner at the beautiful M resort. Other than our side trips to see the desert west, Cirque de Soleil's Ka was probably the highlight of our vacation - awesome! Go to tix4tonite (6 locations on the strip) for discounted tickets on many shows and dinners. Not so impressed with - the Sahara (smokey and dirty), Bonnie Springs Ranch (sweetly hokey but not worth the time), the Caesars Palace Atlantis Fountain show - but loved the Forum Shops, the Sirens of TI show - free and very well done, but way too sexy for kids.Food - best buffet, by far, was at the Wynn - and a beautiful property to see. Best burger place - Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay. Best upscale meal - the Italian restaurant at M.Vegas is Vegas - and even more so during July 4th week ! Go and enjoy!	
Jul 6 2009 	Nice Hotel but far from the strip	Very nice hotel that is gated and has security walking around at all times. You have to have your card with you to get onto the grounds. Pretty far off the stip. Almost at the very end of las vegas blvd south, right next to South Point. Also had no shuttle service while we stayed, they told us we could use South Points but we never did because we had our own vehicle. Overall nice hotel, wouldnt stay here though if I was only in Vegas for the weekend, or if it's your first time. You are at least 10km from where everything happens. it was also hard to find parking when you got back late at night.	
Jul 5 2009 	Upscale and modern pad	Clean, modern rooms with nice details and finishes. This suite was one of the nicest we've stayed in recently. The walls are thin, so we appreciated the advice of another traveler to request an end unit. Still, the sound of a midnight shower above us woke both of us up the night before our flight. Valet on the strip was cheap and easy, so we weren't worried about a non-central location. Wi Fi was only available in the conference room area.	
Jul 2 2009 	Comfortable and Clean	I was in Las Vegas for a music festival, and was delighted to find the Grandview. We were able to get two separate rooms with a connecting living area for our group at a very good rate, and the rooms were spotless. Whenever we wanted to go to the Strip, it was easy to catch a shuttle at the casino across the street. It was a great deal!	
Jun 28 2009 	Had a wonderful time and wasn't ready to leave!	My family and I had a wonderful stay at the Grandview at Las Vegas! There were 7 of us - 4 adults and 3 children(7, 9,and 12). I was skeptical due to some of the reviews that I had read but now I'm wondering what all the complaining was about. We did the timeshare presentation because I'm starting to think that we are timeshare resort geeks. We also wanted the discounted show tickets. The lunch (sandwiches, delicious cookies, and lemonade) was good and the conversation was great. During this presentation, I learned more about Las Vegas than I have on all of my previous trips put together (there have been many). We didn't buy, but enjoyed the presentation and received our tickets.We stayed in Daisy, the newest building. We were very pleased with the decorations and furnishings. The mattress and bedding was extremely cozy. We called for more towels on the first day and they were brought immediately. The only thing we felt we were missing out on was a cookie sheet to bake our cookies and a pizza pan for the frozen pizza we tried to bake. Oh yeah, the toaster didn't work either but, toast in the oven was just as good. We had no trouble with the parking considering we were right next to the parking garage. By the way, we were told during the presentation that each new building, will have a parking gargage nearby.My sister and friend exercised at the workout facility several times. We noticed that the equipment was outdated and were wishing for the equipment at our health club at home.There were many children at the resort but there were no kid activities. We didn't have a problem with that considering we had so many plans with the kids and the area (Circus Circus, Excalibur game area, Shark Reef, MGM Lions, M&amp;M factory, free shows, Hoover Dam, etc, etc). After hanging out at the pool several half days, we wouldn't have been able to handle anymore! We had a wonderful time at the Grandview at Las Vegas and can't wait to return!	
Jun 21 2009 	Don't Do the Timeshare Presentation!!!	When we got there, check-in was a breeze. The talked us into listening to &quot;a 90 minute presentation about the property and some of the projects that were going on.&quot; The next morning we did the presentation. We told the person we were assigned to right away that we weren't interested in buying a timeshare, we were just doing it for show tickets. She said, &quot;So you are just here to waste my time?&quot; I thought that was a little rude. The presentation was also to include a free &quot;breakfast.&quot; Turns out it was donuts, muffins, coffee, and lemonade. Not even milk or juice. Two and half hours later the &quot;manager&quot; was giving us his &quot;final&quot; offer and when we declined it and said we just weren't interested in buying at the moment, he said, &quot;Okay, whats the real reason you aren't buying?&quot; Again I thought that was rude and Im not quite sure what he was implying. THREE HOURS later we got our discount Cirque du Soleil tickets and were able to leave. I wish I would have never agreed to do it because it really aggrivated me!!! Anyways, the rooms were nice and clean. The walls were a little thin but we must have had pretty quiet neighbors because we didn't hear them too much. The pool area was very nice, a little cold, but never overly crowded. The only other thing I can complain about was that we ran out of toilet paper one day and called to the front desk to get some. We left, and 10 hours later we got back and still had no toilet paper. My husband called up to the front desk and ripped them apart a little bit. About 15 minutes later we finally got some t.p. Overall, the hotel was nice, a good value, but don't do the timeshare presentation unless you are interested in buying one. Also NOT ENOUGH PARKING!!!	
Jun 11 2009 	Just as Nice as First Time	This was our second stay at the Grandview in less than a year and keep on enjoying the stay there. As before, check-in was 1st rate, very quick and very friendly. I am happy that they ask if you prefer a smoking or non-smoking room. I was also asked if I would like to stay in the newest building (Daisy) which we were happy to stay in. I appreciate the fact that once you say you are not interested in a presentation, you are done—get your parking permit and off you go. The only bad thing is that smoking is allowed (and encouraged by the location of the ashtrays) directly outside the exit door of the building. Rarely did we leave or come back without having to walk through a cloud of cigarette smoke. Maybe this was done to prevent lazy smokers from putting out their “butts” on the ground if ashtrays were further away.Our 11th floor room was wonderful. 2 large LCD TVs, cable TV and DVD players, full kitchen, wonderful bath, dining room and one of the most comfortable bedrooms I have ever stayed in. For me the bed and many pillows were WONDERFUL. The thick drapes allowed me to sleep until 8 and as late as 9—a major accomplishment for me as I get up at 3:30 am for work. Noise was never an issue for us and since last visit (9/08) parking has improved due to a new parking garage. I consider the service excellent. A call to the front desk requesting a sheet pan was responded to within minutes. The common areas were very clean For us, this was once again a very relaxing week. We would not hesitate staying there again.	
Jun 7 2009 	Watch out!	I stayed at this hotel, and the thing that bothers me most is that they put a 100 dollar hold on my debit card. So, of course, 100 dollars was removed from my account. It has been three days, and they still have not released the money back to my account. I have called a number of times, and they keep disconnecting me!While you are there, it may be nice, but after you leave, you become very disposable! I will never stay there again due to just this!	
Jun 4 2009 	Grandview was very nice suprise	My wife, her parents, and I stayed at the Grandview from 5/16/09 to 5/23/09. We used our timeshare exchange through RCI. We stayed in the Sage building rooms 1103 A &amp; B. This building had easy access to the pool and lobby.Check-in was seamless and we were able to check-in a few hours early. The Grandview personnel do try to get you to go on a 90 minutes timeshare tour. They offered us a $100.00 comp at the Southpoint casino. When we told them &quot;no&quot; they then offered us $100.00 cash. My wife and I turned them down because our vacation time is more valuable then any timeshare tour for a $100.00.Our units were very roomy and well stocked with household necessities. There were a few issues with unit 1103A the room safe would not open, the toilet overflowed, and the remote did not work the bedroom TV. We called maintenance and security and they responded in less than 10 minutes. Security opened the safe and maintenance unclogged the toilet and replaced the TV in the bedroom. To me this was great service. The rooms also had a great view of the strip at night. My in-laws enjoyed the whirlpool tub in the room. I have read some other reviews about noise from the tubs at night we did not have this problem, but you could hear people in the hallways at any given time. The only other problem was the sofa in 1103 A needs to be replaced. The cushions are falling into the pull out bed underneath.The pools were nice just like the resort pictures with the waterfalls. We did think the pools were cold in the early afternoons, but they did seem to warm up around 3 PM. The hot tub by the pool was pleasant and relaxing.We ate our breakfast and lunch in the condo. We would walk to the Southpoint Casino for our dinner. The casino has about five restaurants. The buffet was reasonable, and on Wednesday night it was prime rib and Friday night was crab legs (wife loves them).We did rent a car to be able to go to the strip at night. The resort does offer a shuttle to the strip but we like being able to come and go as we pleased. This was the first time for my wife in Las Vegas. So we took in all the free shows such as the pirates at TI, the volcano at the Mirage, Fremont Street light show, the talking statues at Caesars, and the fountains at the BellagioWe stuck to our plan to go to the pool during the day and do the strip at night for entertainment and gambling. We all had a great time. The resort worked well for us and our plans.	
May 27 2009 	Excellent - We loved the place and would go back	I would have to agree with the person below... BUt we did do the timeshare presentation and they were very good with us. We spent a total of 75mins and received two show tickets and 200 cash. Once we told them we were not interested they said have a funtrip and look forward to seeing you again.Everyone on the resort was very nice... The workers would go out of there way to help you.We also stayed in the Daisy and we never heard anyone...	
May 26 2009 	GREAT property!	We stayed there with friends in one of the two-condo, or &quot;two bedroom&quot; units for six days and it was wonderful. We were in the new Daisy building and it was beautiful. We had read reviews that complained extensively of thin walls and noise and were expecting the worst but I have to say that we didn't hear one single thing from any other unit. It was VERY quiet. All the employees were very friendly - very welcoming, accommodating and helpful. We were asked once if we were interested in the presentation about purchasing a timeshare and when we firmly said &quot;no, thank you&quot; they left us alone. Great casino with good restaurants within walking distance and a quick drive to the strip, the new M Resort &amp; Casino and a great outlet mall. We highly recommend this property.	
May 25 2009 	Wonderful experience at the Grandview	My wife and I and my wife's sister and brother-in-law celebrated our anniversarys at the Grandview at Las Vegas. The facilities were beautiful, the large pool area was great, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The Southpoint Casino, next door, was laid back but on par with the hotels and casinos on the Strip. We had the Sunday brunch and it was excellent, unfortunately the casino seemed to like my money!It was an easy trip down Las Vegas Blvd to the strip and parking was easy.I would highly recommend a rental car. We traveled to Hoover Dam and Red Rock Canyon, all within easy driving distance.Although they were constructing a new building behind ours, noise was not an issue.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here.	
May 24 2009 	Great stay. Use these tips to enjoy the most of the Grandview.	We had a very pleasant week long stay at the Grandview and we appreciated the tips from previous reviewers. The weather was great, the pools we never overcrowded, and the rooms in our building were fantastic. Best things:* New units are nicely decorated, and well outfitted.* Great ajoined 1Br units make fantastic 2Br suites for groups. * New parking garage provides plenty of space* South Point Casino next door is a great quick fix for gambling, buffet, etc. * Plenty of pool side space between the 4 pools.Addressing previous comments:* Poor sound-proofing. Yes, this is true. But its overstated. Request an end unit (see tips below) and you'll be fine.* Poor parking. New garage is open. Parking space is plentiful.Here are our my suggestions for making the most of the resort:* Request one of the new buildings (21 floors). We stayed in the newest, Daisy. The condos were impeccable.* Request a unit number 1. Like 701, 801, 901,etc. These are the corner units so you only share common walls with one neighbor. We stayed in 901.* Rent a car. You absolutely need one.* Say no to the Timeshare presentation request at check in, and then unplug your room phone. You'll be left in peace for the rest of the stay.Criticisms:* Gym is outdated and poorly equiped for anyone who regularly exercises.* Smoking areas are immediately outside main entraces to the condo buildings. You have to walk between the smoking benches to enter the buildings.* Wireless signal strength in new building (Daisy) is extremely weak. Unusable, really.	
May 24 2009 	Amazing Resort with everything you need!	Ok so i stayed at this resort with a friend using my parents RCI timeshare.We were a little bit jubious as we wernt to sure what the accomodation would be like, we were literally expecting a 2 bed apartment. What we actually had was TRULY AMAZING.All apartments have a side a and side b, so in reality if you have a 2 bed apartment you have both sides.We each had our own kitchen, living areas, bedrooms, jucuzzi Tubs, and bathrooms, it was phoniminal.The rooms were clean and comfortable and anything anyone could possibly need.Now the resort is quite far away from the strip but please dont let this put you off, the run a shuttle bus from 10am onwards till 12.30am to the excaliber hotel and back. It doesnt take that long to get to the strip maybe 20 minutes, however this 20 mintues probably saves you at least $20 in a taxi so please tip the drivers! my friend and I witnessed so many people not tipping the drivers which i felt was unfair! and most of the poeple who tipped were not American which suprised us even more!They have thier own computer room with about 8 PC's in it, please note that guests are meant to only be on there for 18 minutes at a time but that didnt stop other selfish guests clicking back on to use it even when there was a queue for people to use the internet. However when that isnt happening its a nice area to check emails (they have free wifi in there so you can bring along your own laptop) and they have coffee facilities too which are free of charge.The pool area was nice. plenty of loungers which i have to say are mega un-comfortable, but they provide free towels and there is also a snack bar which serves breakfast lunch and dinner options along with beverages and coffee etc.There was also a fitness room, but we were on holiday so why would we use it!!The south point hotel is located next door and great if you fancy a night close by.They have a huge casino, lovely resturants (breakfast is only $7 - a bargain in my eyes) and the service is good.The mexican resturant is also nice, although order much less that you would, we wasted a lot of food!We were asked to attend a time share presentation at the grandview, which we attended as agreed, the agents in question were friendly and courteous although the lady my friend had showing her around seemed a little rude and blunt in her pitch! realistically why would i want to buy something that i can use of my parents!plus living in the UK, the flights arent cheap throw that in with maintence etc etc and it gets too pricey.....I would def reccomend that others look at what they have to offer cause believe me, the apartments are out of this world.The only 1 issue is, we only had a maid in 1 time in the week we stayed, who made my bed in my suite, and changed my friends towels in hers,,,,we found that a bit bizarre!To sum it up, i would reccomend Grandview to anyone, the value to me to buy an apartment would work out way too expensive with other costs, however for US and Canadian residents your a fool not too!Everyone is friendly and welcoming, any problems we had were sorted immediatley.Great resort, Great People.	
May 24 2009 	Nice Stay but Construction Noise was very Loud!	We used our timeshare to exchange and try out this particular resort. It is on the very south end of the strip but we didn't mind getting away from all the noise and it was smoke-free inside our room. The room we stayed in looked brand new and had everything we needed. If you're here to visit family...it's a great place to stay. Grocery Stores and Shopping Areas are all close by. Even if the airport was just 5 minutes north we didn't here the planes. We had to rent a car for a week but it was only $150 for car and gas and we explored other areas such as Hoover Dam, local restaurants, chocolate factory, gardens, china town area, etc...I liked the points and extras they offered and ended up purchasing a timeshare here. We're planning to go to Europe and only owned 1 week, so with this purchase we're able to invest our money towards future trips instead of the money being gone after one visit to Paris and Italy.After one year since we've been there, we think it was a good deal/investment. Now we can go on vacation 3-4 times a year without throwing our money away.Only negative was that construction workers were very loud so we never slept in. They need to add dark shades/curtains in bedrooms, too!We're planning on returning to this resort in Aug. Since we purchased they gave a us a voucher to go back for free for 3 days and 2 nights. If you're looking to save money and have family with you then consider staying here.We're from Houston TX so a 5 mile commute to the casinos is nothing for us.	
May 16 2009 	We loved it!	My husband and I stayed at the Grandview from 5/9/09-5/13/09. We weren't looking to stay on the Vegas strip this time so that is one of the reasons we were fine with choosing the Grandview. We stayed in the 'Daisy' building which is their newest building right now. I guess they are planning to put up 13 more buildings in the next several years. They have a new parking garage next to the Daisy building so we never had a problem with finding a spot to park when we'd come back late at night. Anyways, the room was really nice, very modern &amp; clean. The only noise we could hear through the walls was when our neighbors used the jacuzzi tub. However they have a courtesy sign next to the tub asking not to use the tub before 8am and after 10pm. So other than than we didn't hear anything. It looked like the maids came around everyday as well. We had a nice view of the Southpoint Casino right across the street. We really liked the Southpoint Casino, it was pretty big, very nice, and had a 24 hour restaurant which was very convenient. Anyways, back to Grandview. I was a little worried about some of the previous posts I'd read on Tripadvisor regarding being hassled with their timeshare presentations. They asked us once when we got their and since they said they'd give us $100 and/or show tickets for going to their 2 hour presentation we signed up for it. The presentation started at 10am and we got out of their at 12pm. Then they gave us our $100 and we were on our way. So if you have a couple hours to spare then this is pretty harmless and you can get some good show tickets or cash. We also did the Tahiti Village timeshare presentation which was 3 hours, however we got 2 Cirque Du Soleil show tickets as well as 2 tickets to the Madam Tussauds celebrity wax museum. So all in all we spent 5 hours for 2 different presentations and saved around $300 so it was worth if for us since we were on a tight budget. We also visited the Green Valley Ranch and ate at the Original House of Pancakes their, in which the food was really good! My husband had the Irish Omelet which was fantastic! They bake their omelets instead of frying them. Anyways, the GVR was nice, I'd probably recommend checking it out at least once. We also drove down to the new 'M' casino. This place is immaculate inside! So modern and swanky, just very nice! I heard they have a fabulous buffet, but I we didn't eat their. They took our $80 bucks on the slots in less than a 1/2 hour so we split. We heard it was a billion dollar casino, in which my hubby and I chuckled a little over that when we stepped on the front grassy area and saw that it was astro-turf. Oh well. Another thing we were trying to find was a casino that had Spanish 21 blackjack tables. I must have called around to 20+ casino's and none of them had it anymore. The Excalibur had 1 table but didn't have the match the dealer side bet option which is basically the only reason my hubby and I love to play that game. Also, we rented our car through Savmor which their name used to be under ACE. They were the cheapest we found and they never had a line like all the other places we saw. So I'd recommend them. So all in all I would definitely recommend staying at the Grandview, but you will want to rent a car if you plan on going further than the South point casino. The Strip is only about a 5-10 minute drive from the Grandview.	
May 11 2009 	Fabulous Place!!!!!!	We arrived May 1st and stayed until May 7th. We were is the Daisy Bldg 9th Fl. Yes there is a little bit of construction for the final Bldg. The old Bldgs are 12 stories tall. The new ones are 21 stories tall. There are 3 pools, a work out room. The garage opened when we were there. I had no problem finding a parking spot. It seems the people who complained are the ones who can't walk or are to lazy to walk 2 or 3 min to there room. (They must park in front of the bldg) Coming from NYC 2 or 3 blocks away is like parking in front of your apartment. There is plent y of handicap parking. The room was a 1 bedroom, larget enough for 4 people, waser &amp; dryer, micro wave, etc all the conviences of home. We ate b'fast &amp; lunch at the resort. Wal-mart is 5 min away on Silverado Blvd, easy to get to. We bought all our food there. The south point casino is right nexr door. about 2 miles up the road the new hotel &quot;M&quot; is open. The time share people did not bother us. The place is clean and new. You do need a car to go to the strip. We had a nice time and I don't have any complaints. I can see after a few months that the place can get worned down. The do have a Free tidy service for people staying 7days or more. Do visit the Valley of the Fire, about 1 hour from the place as well as the red rock canyon. 30 min away. I would go back. As always if you don't like what you get you can always change your room or ask for a freebie for something.	
May 11 2009 	Far from Strip	I stayed in the newer building. The room is very modern and all amenities. However, the strip is far. They have a free shuttle hourly starting at 10am – 11:30pm going to the strip that stops at Excalibur. And going back to the hotel from the Excalibur hourly from 10:30am -12:30am. It you have to list yourself on the shuttles in advance or else you might not get on it the whole days because they get filled up quick. It costs about $40 to get to the strip in taxi. It cost $8 per person to get there by shuttle from/to the airport. I would suggest to stay at the strip and save yourself time and money. It was a hassle to go back and forth from the strip to the hotel unless you rent a car. Southpoint hotel was next door and their buffet was ok but after two days it gets boring.	
May 11 2009 	Clean and Nice place for Families	We went to Grandview for 4 nights in early May. The check in was a breeze. No timeshare harrassment. Room was clean. I agree walls are thin and can hear everything. I would stay there again with family. Not a Vegas party place. Cabs run $30 to get to Harrahs. The hotel next door has good food for reasonable prices.	
May 9 2009 	Nice room but bring your earplugs!	I stayed at the Grandview from the 16th - 20th of April and booked through Hotels.com for £50 a night. We were put in the Jasmine building in room 502B. This stay was part of a 22 night tour and was our last 4 nights in Vegas (our third time here).I booked the Grandview as it was something different from the usual Vegas hotel experience (having stayed previously at the Tropicana/ Ceasers/ Planet Hollywood and Signature), the rest of Vegas was very expensive for these nights and the fact that it had a full kitchen inc washer/ dryer was a big plus.We were aware how far it was from the strip (10 - 15 mins drive in moderate traffic) and that you really need a car to stay here. This didn't bother us and the fact that you can cross a small road to get to SouthPoint in under 5 mins walk is a great plus. The parking was not. Now, I had read that the parking was an issue and thought i'll take the chance. If you park before about 8.30pm at night you won't have any issues - after this you've got about a 10 min walk back to your building. It doesn't sound like much (especially after some of the walks we've had from hotel car parks i.e. Planet Hollywood) but you would think that someone would have factored in the number of rooms + off strip location = most rooms will have 1 car and have appropriate number of spaces available. But sadly no and it is a major pain, especially at 2am when you've come back from a show and are tired.Check in: We arrived 4 hours earlier than set check in time and were told we could have our room right away, the process overall was a bit lengthy but we were happy. We were then told we had to go to someone else to pick up our parking pass. Thankfully many people have mentioned previously this is where they pounce on you, trying to get you to go to the timeshare presentation. I politely declined this but the woman was very pushy and took a while to take the hint.The room itself was immaculately clean and had a good number of plates/ dishes etc. The decor is a bit blah and the paintings on the walls pretty awful but overall we were quite happy with both the bed and living areas. Also, as I mentioned we were away for 22 days so having a washer/ dryer was a great benefit before we headed off to LA and probably what swung us to book this place.So overall the bedroom/ kitchen and bathroom were very pleasant and we had no issues. The pool area was nice enough, pretty basic but clean with a nice view out to the new M Resort across the desert.The main issue we had was the noise. First of all we noticed that we were at the back of the Jasmine building which faces onto a new building being constructed, but when we arrived there was little noise. At 6am the next morning (after being out until 2am) we woke up to beeping/ crashing and clanking - general LOUD construction noise. I was unimpressed. Then came the noise from above and to the sides of us. Someone coughed in the next room, it felt like they were in our room. The people above us were obviously having a game of musical chairs - as they moved them so much (on tile floors) that we could hear every little creak. Also, each room has a jacuzzi, with a sign stating not to use before 8am or after 10pm, evidently there are a lot of people out there who can't read, as the noise from the jacuzzi itself and the water running through the pipes was unbelievable. We were glad only to be here for 4 nights and if the rest of Vegas hadn't been so expensive for the rest of our stay I think we would have moved. It's all just quite a shame as the complex isn't bad, it's very clean and the rooms are nice but it's been ruined due to the poor construction of the rooms and general layout.Obviously I wouldn't recommend staying here and wouldn't go back.	
Apr 28 2009 	RCI Points are a Ripoff!!	Wow! Where do I start except to say that this is a timeshare resort that let greed get in their way. If you go to Las Vegas and want to enjoy it - stay on the strip or downtown not here.Beware of the reviews on this site - most are from the owners of this timeshare.Good things - Very clean and new. Bad things;Located about 6 miles from south edge of the strip ~ Either depend on their shuttle or a $25 minimum Taxi ride each way. Not enough Parking - they are building a parking garage - It is not centrally located - so expect to park a long way from your room.Isolated from the Vegas strip - Paid 25,000 RCI Points for this 3 day stay - Not worth it. They don't make up the room each day. Very thin walls - You can very clearly hear the toilet flush and the shower run from next door. It is so loud that we thought that my son was in the shower. $10/day for internet access.Moral of the story - Do not join a timeshare! They verbally misled us - If there is a class action lawsuit we would like to join in.	
Apr 24 2009 	Wheelchair accessible rooms are TERRIBLE!	First let me say that after 38 years in a wheelchair I have learned what to ask of places before traveling, but this place lies and makes a disabled person feel so much more disabled than before you come here. First, because of an all day fiasco at the airport(unrelated to this review) we arrived at The Grandview at 1am on Saturday April 11th to find that there were no, I mean NO available parking spaces. When people on here said the parking was bad, I way underestimated the problem. It was raining and cold so my husband let me out at our building and went to park...over at Southpoint I think. I waited for him so we went to the room together. I have stayed at some amazing timeshare resorts, but was keeping an open mind since I have never been to Vegas. We were on the 9th floor of the Jasmine building. Upon entering the unit I thought everything was okay, a little small compared to others I have been to, but that was okay. I just wanted to get out of my wheelchair that I had been in since 7am Friday morning. Well, a good nights sleep was not to be had since there was NO WAY to even get into the bed. It was taller than me in my wheelchair so I couldn't transfer and so high that my husband could not lift me either. I called the front desk and was told that there was nothing they could do and the manager would be in at 8am. So the first night in Vegas I spent my night in my wheelchair. On the next day I got no resolution with the manager on duty and decided to call RCI to see if we could be relocated to another resort. Only one could be found available in all of Las Vegas that said they had an accessible unit, so we went to see it. Again, RCI was lied to by the other resort. The doors were not even wide enough to get in the room! We went back to The Grandview where I spent yet another night in my wheelchair. On Easter Sunday the general manager of the resort was there and I got the opportunity to speak to him by phone. All he would say is that they were ADA compliant. I told him that wasn't true because the bed was not accessible and he just said that it was and he had never had any complaints from people in wheelchairs before, which we later found out was another lie. Anyways, my husband told him that he was taking the bed off the frame by any means possible so that the bed would be lower and so I could get some rest. This GM was very disrespectful to me as a guest at his resort. We did get the frame off the bed and it made it lower, but still a little high. Also, I had noticed in the kitchen that all of the lower cabinets were empty. I could not reach a cup, plate or bowl there. When I brought this up while talking to the GM he said that if I would have requested it before I got there they would have moved it down. Maybe he should think about the fact that this was supposed to be a wheelchair accessible unit..........shouldn't access to dishes be a given? Then, the final straw was the roll in shower. It was very small. Although I do understand the need of a disabled person to be able to roll into a shower, usually there is some sort of slope to keep the water inside and help direct waterflow to the drain. Not here! It was all flat. So guess what happened when my husband was helping me out of the shower.....he slipped and I injured my foot trying to get back in my chair. I will say that Vegas is a pretty place with all the mountains and beautiful sunrises, but the people there are not generally friendly to the disabled and have an &quot;I don't care&quot; attitude. The positives(which have nothing to do with The Grandview) are: The folks at Treasure Island are incredible! The valet had my wheelchair put together before my husband reached the trunk to retrieve it, and it is not an easy chair to figure out. Also, when one of my wheels popped off right outside TI, we went in and within 5 minutes, 3 men from the engineering department were fixing my wheel and got me going again. Thank you Treasure Island! At the Mirage, we saw the Secret Garden and the dolphins and it was a wonderful afternoon. Nevada is a pretty place, just don't go to The Grandview if you are in need of an accessible unit or a friendly staff......you will have a more &quot;grand view&quot; if you stay away from this place!	
Apr 22 2009 	Scam to get you into time share junk	They have low rates to lure you into buying their time share junk. The condo was new and nicely furnished with IKEA type furniture but it is not worth the hassle.	
Apr 22 2009 	Be carefull	I used an exchange to stay at the Grandview since I was going there for the national bowling tournament. When we first got there we were 4 hrs early, but they got us in a room right away so we were happy. Our room was really big, we had an A and B room which I liked. But there is 1 huge problem with all the rooms.&quot; yes i said all&quot; even the new ones they show you in the presentation have this problem. It is paper thin walls. If someone goes to the bathroom in the room above you, you can hear it. The wind out side you can hear as if you had no walls, there is a warning about no hot tub after 10 pm and I was woken up to it at 7am in the morning to 1. Loud is an understatement. Next is the location it is 5 miles off the strip. You MUST have a car. People say it is not necessary, they are on crack you MUST have a car. Taxi is up to $40 one way, a total rip off, plus the shuttle is a joke for a multi billion dollar company there should be a shuttle every half an hour, not every 3 hrs. Next is the presentation, we wanted free money so we signed up right away we (me and my friend Jon from college) got 2 show tickets and $200 which was a good deal. After the presentation was the sales pitch my lady was nice and i told her i just bought a condo last month so i had no money to spend on another condo and she left me alone. (this strategy works best if you want to say NO). But my friend who went with another lady was a totally different story. She was nice to him at the beginning but at the sales pitch she sexually harassed him saying he was an 8 out of 10. And when he said he was not going to buy she did a 180 and said he was the gayest person she ever met and called him a virgin and then said he would stay that way forever. I Think we should SUE them but I don't know. That is y they are getting a very low rate.Plus if you are going to Vegas for the national bowling tournament, none of the casino's care that you are there at all. Prepare to be ignored by everyone except &quot;binion's &quot; but that casino was great.The south point casino was great they always had tables open, and it was a close walk to get there. Their food is terrible but the gambling is great so I like it.	
Apr 16 2009 	Pleasant Stay over Easter	My wife, 9-year old son and I stayed at Grandview for 5 nights in a 1-BR suite through RCI exchange over Easter week. Staff was friendly and efficient. There was a separate check-in desk for owners, but we did not have to wait at all.LocationThe resort is located several miles south of The Strip. Depending on your purpose for visiting Las Vegas, that is either a major plus or minus. It is away from the congesting of the casinos. There is Southpoint Casino next door. But you do need a car to get other places, like grocery stores. We planned on and visited Hoover Dam, Death Valley and Red Rock Canyon, so the location was great for our purposes. It is also right next to I-15 so access to the highway is quick and easy.There is a free shuttle from the resort to/from Excalibur. It leaves and picks on every 2-3 hours. But you have to make reservations for specific times and space on the shuttle is limited. Not very convenient unless you know you are going to spend a set number of hours at The Strip. But if you have a car, parking at the casinos is available for free.AccommodationThe resort is made up of several 12-story high-rise buildings. Several taller building are nearly finished. Parking was a bit tight although a parking deck is under construction.The suite design is a bit unusual. Two suites share a small locked foyer. After you unlock the foyer door, you have to use your key again to open your assigned suite. Not sure the benefit of this design over the traditional connecting door between suites. Our neighbor cooked a lot so we got to smell their food which gets trapped in that foyer. We never had a problem, but I can foresee a noisy neighbor coming in late, making a lot of noise in that foyer before entering their own suite.The room itself was very nice. Spacious. Furnishing are up-to-date and comfortable. Cabinets were made of particle board with laminate but adequate. We did not find any problems in the room. Walls are a little thin so we could near people talking from time to time. But because the resort is off The Strip, it probably kept the party crowd away, so we were never really bothered by noise.Wi-fi speed was excellent in the room but there is a fee ($10/day or $50/week). There is free computer use at the main office, but I understand that it can get a bit crowded. And there is no privacy--good to do quick email check or print boarding passes.There is a safe in the room. They ask if you are planning to use it when checking in, so they can charge you $10. We declined because we had not planned to use it. But my son, decided to check it out. We were not charged for its use, so I suppose it is on the honor system.Resort &amp; AmenitiesThere are 2 nice pools, one heated. In April, water was very cold in the unheated pool. Also 2 hot tubs. Poolside towel were provided. A deli is located by the pool for groceries and snacks. There is also an exercise room. Several gas grills are available, if you are so inclined.Timeshare SalesI read many negative reviews about Grandview's timeshare sales pitch so I was a bit weary when I checked-in. I already own lots of timeshare so I was not interested. They politely offered a 90 minute presentation upon check-in which we declined. They did not push it any further and never called our room to try to get us to attend. Only other sales pitch was that we got an &quot;invitation&quot; flier for free stuff if we attend a sales presentation. I suppose the nightmare begins when they do get you trapped. But if you really are not interested in purchasing any timeshare, don't bother going to the presentation just to save $50-100 on tickets. Probably not worth the headaches because it is the sales person's job to sell, sell, and sell!SummaryAll in all, we enjoyed our stay at Grandview. If I go back to Las Vegas, I would not hesitate to stay at Grandview again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great ResortLocation and weather.	This hotel is very nice, clean and I would go back in a heart beat. The location is out of the way so you'll need a car. They do have a courtesy bus to the Luxor. Las Vegas is a great city. We liked the Frozen Magaritas while walking up and down the strip. We took two kids G15 B11. We weren't sure at first however there were a lot of families.The kids wanted to see Chris Angel. To save money we played with the timeshare sellers mind for an hour and half until they got so mad at us that we were given the tickets (25.00 ea, half price) and sent away. They are so much fun to play with, so many final offers. Tell them you are owners so you get a softer pitch. The hotel is close to the airport and strip. The huge Southpoint Casino is next door. Great ice cream shop, bowling and if you want a drink just sit down at the penny slots and they'll bring you a free one. Grandview has a nice pool and snackbar/convieinence store.If you don't want the timeshare pitch just be firm when you go to get your &quot;parking pass&quot;They will call the next morning at 1030 for a second try. Be firm again and they will leave you alone. Not that bad really.Red Rock Canyon, Valley of Fire and Hoover Dam are all great day trips.	
Apr 11 2009 	Nice...but very austere!	Older buildings are 12 stories (newer ones are higher?) and all look alike, very plain. That said, the rooms are very nice, comfortable and quiet. The two bedroom suites are mirror image one bedroom lockout units, actually a very good idea, and quite functional. If you're traveling with friends or family, each party has significant privacy if desired. Unless you have a pool side unit, forget about a view unless you enjoy parking lots and buildings...and a glimpse of the mountains in the very distant background. The main pool area is large, with many lounges and an unlimited supply of very nice pool towels. Again though, everywhere you get the feeling of austerity. There is a small snack shop and grill adjacent to the main pool area (but they only serve soft drinks). Almost forgot, wireless internet is available in your room for a &quot;hefty&quot; $9.95 per day (small weekly discount available), too much $$$ in my opinion. I looked at this as a BIG negative, since you have to pay even in the lobby area. Important note, the elevators are very fast...we experienced no long waits during our stay. We're not fans of high rise condos in general, but this one worked out quite well for us. It is located quite a ways south of the Strip on Las Vegas Blvd., BUT the Strip is very easily accessed via I-15, so location was not a problem for us. Besides, there is a large &quot;kid friendly&quot; casino (SouthPoint) located right next door. Besides having all the usual adult amenities, this casino has a multiplex movie theater, a huge bowling alley, a video arcade and a reasonably priced snack shop for affordable casual eating. It also has the usual offering of restaurants, from a Deli, a Buffet, etc., on up to the very pricey places we generally shy away from. One thing you should be aware of...it is a timeshare and you will be offered the opportunity to take a sales tour (yeah, I know, what a surprise!). This comes right at check in, when you go to get your parking pass. We actually took the tour and got $100 cash two show tickets for 20 bucks, not bad all-in-all. They are persistent, but not high pressure...expect three levels of folks with ever increasing offerings. One last thought, the Strip is expanding south and this place will be very well placed in the next few years.	
Apr 4 2009 	Great place to stay	1st the postive--great location if you have car on south end of town near 215very clean units w/all ammedities,kitchen,etc.front desk helpful,SouthPoint Casino isright across the way &amp; has great buffet,bowling,theater etc.now negative---parking is limited,not enough towels in room,soundproofinglimited between rooms,pool not heated &amp; very cold,computer room decentbut not enough computers.i've stayed here numerous times &amp; would stay again.	
Apr 2 2009 	Off strip location with all the comforts of home PLUS!!	We spent a week here visiting family. Stayed in a 1 bedroom with full kitchen. It was an added bonus for a grandma visiting grandchildren. We even got to bake cookies. Very comfortable king size bed and large jacuzzi tub in bathroom. There is a queen size pull-out bed in the living room. The unit was decorated very nicely and basically was very clean. We did notice that the floors could have been cleaner, evidenced by dirty socks from walking around the unit.We were disappointed that WiFi was an extra charge of $50-60 a week. They did have a business center available with only 3 computers and a limit of 15 minutes of use. At times there was a long wait to get to a computer. If you want computer use, plan on paying the extra for it.The off Strip location was nice for us, although there is a Casino next door and you are only minutes from all the activity of the Strip if you want it.Shopping for our needs was very convenient. Lots of stores within a short distance, even a Super Walmart and Starbucks!The staff was very accomodating and friendly. We did attend a sales presentation but were not pressured to purchase. The presentation was not required but did earn us $100.00 for about 1 1/2 hours of our time. We will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 21 2009 	Excellent value. Ideal if you don't want to be living on the Strip	Just back from six lovely days at the Grandview. Our room was very clean and the staff excellent. If you do not want to buy a timeshare then don't go to the presentation! My only small complaint was that they charge to use the wireless internet. Using the free service in the Media Centre can take for ages as some guests do not adhere to the 15 minute rule. Also there is no privacy. Having a car is a must and gives you more fleaxability. Its only a short drive to the strip where you can park easily at any of the hotels. The Interstate is behind the complex. I don't think I will return to Las Vegas but would recommend anyone to stay at the Grandview	
Mar 20 2009 	Worst place everrrrrrr stay away!!!!!!!!	I don't even knoqw where to begin except that this is a place that I will never make a reservation at or recomend to anyone. I made my reservations on the 12th of Feb 2009 for a friends wedding that we were attending. After spending an hour on the phone and put on hold three times all lasting about ten minutes I finally got my reservation confirmed and paid for. I told them that we were not going to be checking in until aout one in the morning because we had a late flight and they reassured me that it would be ok and that we will not have a problem. We finally get there at about 1:45am only to finde out that they did not have our reservation and we were no where on their system. Our name, reservation number, they had no record of none of it. We were furious here we are tired from a long day and did not have a room, Thank God for our frinds that also had the same problem (there were four of us couples) and went ahead and reserved us a room at the South Point right next to this resort. If it had not been for our friends we would have been all over Vegas a two in the morning trying to get a room. They made no appologies for the inconvenience that they caused us, We had to demand our refund back and threatned them with a Lawyer if they did not put back out money. First time in Las Vegas and had to experience this. So please if you are going to stay somewhere stay at the SOUTH POINT THEY WERE EXCELLENT AND TRIED TO MAKE UP FOR WHAT THE GRANDVIEW HAD DONE.	
Mar 19 2009 	Great for Families	We just spent a week at Grandview and had a wonderful time. We had two rooms and our group had 5 adults and 3 children under 14 yrs. This was not our first trip to Vegas and didn't need to stay near the main strip area (been there, done that). This place is close to grocery stores, outlet malls, and easy freeway access. Easy walk to South Point Casino next door. Grownups went to play in casino and kids played in bowling alley and arcade. Good breakfast and lunch buffett.Parking area was busy, but no worse than other time shares we have visited of this size. Recommend you have a car if staying here. Great place to stay if you are planning on doing more than just visiting strip area.	
Mar 17 2009 	First week wonderful! Second week - not so good.....	We stayed at the Grandview Suites for two weeks in early February. The room was quite nice and we wanted to be off the strip so this hotel was perfect. The staff at the hotel were quite accommodating and friendly and did their utmost to ensure that our stay was enjoyable. But things changed a bit the second week. On the first evening of the second week, we noticed quite an unpleasant odour in the bedroom which became worse and permeated the whole room by the second evening. On the morning of the third day, we spoke with hotel staff and were told that it was probably due to the fact that the hotel room had been vacant for quite a while and it was probably standing water in the pipes. They suggested that we run the taps which we had been doing the whole time that we had been there. It was so bad that I could not sleep in the bedroom at night and we bought room deodorizer to try and get rid of it. When we mentioned it during our checkout, we were given a small credit on our bill and were told that one of the managers would call us the next day. We never heard from the hotel again and this was disappointing. I would definitely go to Vegas again but I don't believe that I would stay there. The hotel displays signs that say if a guest cannot rate their stay at the hotel 5 of out 5 to let them know and they will do everything within their power to rectify that. Unfortunately, we did not give them a five and would probably not stay there again.	
Mar 14 2009 	Loved this place	Stayed for one week here. Used the one bedroom unit. Super clean, furniture was clean, bedding was crisp. Have nothing negative to say about this Condo, will definately be back here on my next trip to Vegas. Entire staff was super friendly and helpful. What I really enjoyed was the internet room~it had 4 computers to use to help do your research on Vegas or to get your airline passes.	
Mar 14 2009 	Nice place away from the strip	Just returned from Las Vegas and a stay at the Grandview. Our experience was good to great. I would say the high pressure sales of the timeshare presentation is true that you read from others. But just keep saying no, if you decide to go. Our view was okay, the one nice thing was the new &quot;M&quot; opened the day after we arrived and we got to enjoy the fireworks from our unit. Other than that we got to see construction next door. The staff I have to say was beyond excellent! The day we were leaving our flight wasn't until 10 pm. We assummed we could check our luggage with the airline, so we returned our car and went to the airport. However you can't check your bags until 6 hours before your flight. So we called the Grandview back, they held our bags, let us use the shuttle back to the strip, and then back to the resort. We still had time to waste, they let us use the computers to waste some time and just bent over backwards to make our bad starting day finish off good. The Grandview is located a way down from the strip, but with the shuttle they run, you would be fine with no car. They are located in an up and coming location. Don't hesitate to stay here!!!!	
Mar 13 2009 	Everyone was very nice and so helpful	I had read a few reviews, and was a little scared. Let me tell you. I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms were great, one minor problem with a bathroom fan. The one elevator quit for 2 days, but there was another. We called for Towels, as we didn't want maid service and blankets and each time, they were there in a matter of seconds. The pools and hot tubs, and area. VERY CLEAN and VERY NICE. A Towel guy there for you, very clean bathrooms. Great Fitness Center. The shuttle was very nice and easy, and accomadated with no problems. We did have a car so if all of us (18) in total wanted to go somewhere we did but if we wanted to split up we took the shuttle and it worked great. Very clean, They turn the rooms upside down after people leave and clean, we seen them while we stayed doing it to other rooms. If you want a little downtime it is great!!! If you want downtime and a little more nightlife The South Point Casino is there. If you want LOTS OF ACTION, stay on the STRIP!!!!!Don't consider this beautiful place. There was construction going on, we never heard it.	
Mar 3 2009 	Great Place - Despite the Bad Reviews	First of all, I decided to stay here for two reasons (1) We are time share owners and (2)there were only two places featured for Las Vegas and this was one of them. I was hesitant at first after reading a couple of negative reviews but was pleasantly surprised at how friendly and accomodating the staff were. Of course when I arrived and informed the staff that I was an owner they directed me to the &quot;VIP&quot; check in, the hostess was pleasant and tried to offer me some tickets if we &quot;toured&quot; the resort and I politely declined. During our stay there was no phone calls or pressure to attend one of their seminars which was a pleasant surprise since I have been to other time share resorts and they bombard you with calls from the moment you arrive but no, not here not at the Grandview. We were put in the Jasmine building which is what I was going to request for anyway since I had read that the building was the newest one. We were put in the 11th floor overlooking the construction of their newest building, which concerned me at first but since this was a long weekend (February 13-17) there was no construction going on as I was assured when I checked in. It was a great room, very very clean, the bed (a king-sized bed) was VERY comfy and cozy. The jacuzzi was a great treat especially after walking all day on the Strip or after our return from a beautiful day the Grand Canyon (we drove, highly recommend). The only one minor complaint is that the walls are thin so if you plan on partying you need to either be considerate of the other guests or you need to take your partying back to the strip. We could hear full conversations late at night but they did not last for long. This resort is located just minutes away from the Strip, literally right down the street (but not in walking distance). If you are going to stay here I recommend renting a car in order to fully enjoy the area. We will definitely be staying there next time we go to Vegas and we will definitely be recommending this resort to family and friends.	
Feb 17 2009 	Good Out-Of-The-Way-Location	Stayed at the Grandview for 4 nights in July 2008. The room was decent, but nothing spectacular. Did have a full kitchen and dining area. I liked the location because it was on the strip, but away from the main area of the strip. About a 5 minute drive to the action area of the strip.The biggest issue with this resort is parking. It gets pretty difficult to find a spot at night when people start to settle in (but that was almost a year ago and the issue may have been addressed since then). There is a Casino right across the street. Nothing like the bigones further down the strip, but you can hang out there if the larger casinos seem too crowded.	
Feb 13 2009	This was the first...	This was our first trip and our last trip to the Grandview. Upon check in we were given a room in the Lily building. When we first walked in the room it looked a little worn and the furniture was stained, but that was fine. Not what you would have thought for a resort but it was OK. The first night of our stay our the sheets were so worn out the elastic would not hold the sheet on the mattress,so I called for a replacement the next morning. They delivered the sheets, but that was it.. they delivered them, I put them on. But none of these small details prepared us for what was in our future. The very following morning we woke up to have live roaches in our bed and running across the living area floor. Upon calling the main desk they offered to come up and exterminate. I told them that was unacceptable. I then was told they would move us to another building, but they could not give a refund. We did accept the room in a newer building but the vacation was already ruined. We have traveled a great deal in the last 35 years and this was the first of ever having creatures in any of our rooms, let alone our bed. Vegas is a great place to visit, but I would definately say, if you are planning a visit I would stay any place else but the Grandview..	
Feb 9 2009	Avoid the Time Share Presentation!!!	WATCH OUT!!My husband and I just wanted to buy tickets to a show and we were told about this great offer regarding cheap tickets if we &quot;just&quot; went on a tour of the Grandview resort for a couple of hours one day. We didn't see the harm. The cheap tickets were appealing, along with free dining vouchers and gaming chips so we thought why not, but DON'T BE FOOLED!! Even at this stage, there was an abnormal amount of questions regarding our income, occupations etc which did unnerve us. We were told on the coach on the way over that we were going to have our own individual tour guides for the duration of the &quot;tour&quot; and we were under no obligation to buy anything. When we entered the property we were shortly called by our &quot; Tour Guide&quot;. He showed us to some &quot;free&quot; breakfast where he waited impatiently for us to grab some food/drinks. He then led us to a table where we proceeded to sit for approx three hours and listen to a spiel on time sharing. We were annoyed as we were totally disillusioned by the whole thing. He claimed there was no obligation to buy but this was so far from the truth. Throughout his rant, he was extremely pushy and ignorant. He ignored and dismissed all of our questions and when we said no, he continued to push and push us, whilst at the same time insulting our lifestyle of which he knew nothing about. His starting asking price was $41,000 which he could not seem to understand when we explained that this was a huge amount of money and there was no way we could make a decision like this investment in the space of a few hours. We were pushed into a corner and it was absolutely horrible. It felt like we were targeted for superfiical reasons and in his mind, we were a sure thing. We both have a lot of patience and when we complimented the whole idea, informing him for the fifth or so time that were saving for a house as we are just married and there was no way we could afford this investment at this time, he turned nasty. At this time I insisted I didn't want to hear anymore. He then proceeded to bring over the manager who continued. I was fuming, although funnily enough the price was brought down to $13, 999 with again the crippling interest rate of 17.6%. Again we claimed we were not interested and got up to leave. Whilst collecting the free gifts, another attempt was made. This time it was brought down to $5000. I felt the whole experience was horrible. The sales manager was manipulative and sly and I would definitely warn people against going on this &quot;tour&quot;. All we could think of was that some poor people get sucked into buying the shares at the original price of $41,000, which is just daylight robbery. The whole thing appears to be a SCAM!!! If these are the kind of people who run the Grandview resort, I would say avoid like the plague!!!	
Jan 27 2009 	Great base for a week in Vegas	Spent a week at the Grandview in Vegas with 5 other guys. I booked our stay thru a military vacation club and the guy on the phone recommended the place. So for less than a hundred bucks per man, we had our digs for the week. We got twin units side by side on the 10th floor, each had a king size bed with a vast bathroom, with shower AND a jacuzzi tub, which we all used over the course of the week, and we found it to be very soothing. Also each unit had a living room with a couch with pull-out sleeper queen-size bed. Finally, there was a nice kitchen fully equipped for cooking, and several days, we saved money and ate in for breakfast, or dinner. On-site, there is a large pool which was open, but only a few hearty souls were really using it, as the temperature was in the 50s for most of our visit, although some attractive ladies were out sunbathing, which we appreciated and may have gawked a time or two. There is also a really nice large hot tub out in the pool area which we got to use, and found it to be very relaxing.They have a nice info center in the reception, and you can get some great tickets and advice on shows from the very helpful people there. Word to the wise, though, if you do any of this stuff, you are EXPECTED to attend one of their incredibly high-pressure sales briefings, in which they all but force you to sign your life away to buy one of these timeshare properties. It was my first experience, and I was totally bewildered at how intense it was, but I didn't make any purchases, despite their best efforts. If you use the tickets they give you for any shows, just go, nod your head, but don't sign anything. All in all, the Grandview was a great vacation spot, and would be good for just about anybody to visit. I would go back again in a heartbeat to take in another week or so in Las Vegas!	
Jan 20 2009 	The Grandview was Awesome!	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Grandview with another couple who booked it through their timeshare. It is located off the strip but within a 5 minute drive of the strip. It is a grouping of high rise apartments with a couple of pools &amp; hot tubs located around the property. There was some construction going on next door but we didn't really notice it. Our friends had booked a 2 bedroom condo &amp; what we got was 2 x 1 bedroom condos....it was amazing...we each had our own self-contained 1 br suite complete with fully equiped kitchen, entertainment area, separte bedroom, 2 person jacuzzi tub, spa like bathroom with corner shower &amp; double sinks &amp; washer/dryer. It was impeccably clean &amp; very new. Absolutely no complaints. The staff were friendly &amp; helpful. The pool areas were clean &amp; well maintained. It is located besdie the South Point Casino that is a new casino. There is a coffee shop, restaurants (&amp; reasonably priced buffet), horse shows, stage shows, concerts, etc. in the casino - 2 minute walk. We thouroughly enjoyed our stay with no complaints.	
Jan 8 2009 	Great Time at the Grandview!	We had a great time at the Grandview!! It was so nice to have a full kitchen and washer/dryer during our long stay in Vegas. We rented a car (as is advised) and it was worth it to have the ease. We parked for free at the casinos and spent the day (and/or evening) walking from place to place. It was nice to easily get back to rest and change in between day activities and night activities. There are several grocery options nearby (Walmart, Target, etc) with a car. We also easily rode out to the Hoover Dam...great side trip and really easy.We loved the SouthPoint and gambled there a bit. Friendly staff and fun tables, had good luck at the slots too. There are movies, bowling and a spa there but we did not have time to take advantage of these things.We wished for a few things: a fan in the bathroom...it got very steamy and hot; curtains (or darker blinds) in the bedroom...it was VERY bright VERY early each day; a heated or indoor pool...too cold outside (even if there were some folks who dared).We did not pay for the Internet as we have acccess on our PDA's but we did rent the safe ($10 for the week). Easy to use and gave us a feeling of safety. Please make sure to pull your unit doors shut when you go out as they ARE heavy but did not always seem to shut the whole way by themselves.We WERE able to hear (and smell the cooking of ) the neighbors right next door (there is a common keyed entrance for every two units into a foyer of sorts, then another keyed entrance to the individual unit entrance). This could have been a concern, but it was a weekend rental, not the whole week we were there.We would come back here and would reccomend it to others...	
Jan 3 2009 	2008/2009 New Year's in VEGAS	Hello, My wife and I stayed at The Grandview in Las Vegas for a week to spend New Year's in Vegas. We had a GREAT time and a GREAT stay at this Resort. We were in the brand new Jasmine building, we had a one bedroom suite with a family room and full kitchen. The resort exceeded all our expectations. The only one negative was the fee of $10 a day for the internet. We used it one day to plan our outings. Other than that our week vacation was a nice break from the Net and all other technology devices. The Resort had a welcome breakfast and we did the quick tour, it was painless, and we were given two show tickets and $50 in gaming at the Excalibur. We paid $20 dollars out of pocket to secure the tickets. Not bad for two show tickets and $50 dollars in gaming. The resort is on the South end of the Strip Blvd. The Resort/Casino right next door was Amazing. The South Point had everything, definitely check it out. I guess that is about it, definitely a Great Resort and we thoroughly enjoyed our vacation. THREE MUST SEE's while in VEGAS, #1 The Valley Of Fire, #2 The Hoover Dam, #3 Mt. Charleston.	
Dec 15 2008	yes nice place!	I read the prior 7 reveiws and they were all consistent and right on. Most all the reviews are 4 or 5 stars historically so you are getting very dependable reivews on this property and consistent results. yes, the extras tend to cost $ (internet $10) and you don't get as many freebies but if you are expecting a mid level time share you will be pleased. rooms are large suites, very nice, fully equiped just not high end, i.e: full kitchen w laminate cabinets and countertops South Point casino next door is a plusthey do a lot of cleaning, staff always cleaning something, chemical smell in the elevatordidn't have a grandview from our room fitness center is small and undersized for this many rooms	
Dec 12 2008 	Nice place to stay	Nice place, with perfect amenity for a family vacation. However, all side services are very expensive. Internet is $10/day. ...	
Dec 1 2008	Nice Place	Stayed at the Grandview from Friday Nov 21 to Nov 28. We arrived early and was able to check in with no problem. They sent us to the next desk for the parking pass and when they asked if we owned at Grandview, my husband responded yes, no further questions were asked and they gave us our parking pass (we do not own here). We stayed in the Jasmine building on the 11th floor. The view was of the desert and mountains and we were able to watch the sun rise most mornings as we had problems adjusting to the 3 hour time change. The one bedroom condo was supplied with everything one would need for the week. We enjoyed the location as you were only minutes from the strip, Walmart, grocery stores and right next door to South Point if you needed your Casino fix. They provided soap to wash clothes and when they came to clean mid week, they left another pack of soap and we were able to wash our clothes again before we left. Check out was a breeze as we just called them and left the keys in the room since we left at 4:30 a.m. I would recommend the Grandview if you are looking for a great condo with a good location close to the airport, and close to the strip. Parking is a problem if you return late and when they complete the rest of the buildings problem will be a big issue. Some people were parking on the street.	
Nov 26 2008	Wonderful Stay	Stayed for the weekend. Hotel is located off the strip so you will need a car. Rooms were immaculate, bigger than the average apartment. Jacuzzi tub in bedroom and separate shower. South Point Casino is located next door and is within walking distance. Casino is nice, has a movie theater and bowling alley, and a number of good restaurants to choose from. When you check in they will tell you to go to the next area for a parking pass, the rep will try to talk you into going on a tour of the property (timeshare purposes), but just nicely decline. If this is your first time in Vegas, i recommend staying on the strip. If it's not, and you want a nice quiet location with relatively easy access to the strip, stay here.	
Nov 9 2008 	Has its pros and cons	We chose the Grandview as a time share trade. Normally we stay at the Venetian for a yearly trade show as it is very convenient and beautiful so have mixed feelings about our experience at the Grandview. As strictly a time share experience was quite disappointed in the following - There are about 6 large buildings, about 10 stories high making the surroundings look like an huge apartment complex. Many buildings with parking spots (and not nearly enough of them). It's still a work in progress as there are more buildings being built, with little effort to make the surroundings appealing. We were in the Jasmine building and while the suite was very clean, it was the smallest of any time share we have had with pretty cheap amenities (e.g. tv, dishwasher did a lousy and very noisy job; please put covers on the duvets as I doubt highly the duvets above the flat sheets are also washed after each new guest). This was also the first time share we had with no balcony. Not that there were any nice views. The pool area was sad to say the least. The photo on their site is only one pool area. The others were far from luxurious. Their mid week clean up is limited to change of towels. We have had real clean ups mid week in other places. For us it worked out ok since we have been to Vegas many times and this time enjoyed the convenience of having a kitchen for breakfasts and lunches. There are many grocery stores not far from the Grandview (including a Trader Joes which we love). Rosati's has excellent chicago style and other pizza that will deliver. The area is very quiet and away from the crowds. It was nice to have hotel and casino right next door (they have a great movie theatre) and pretty good deli fast food counter. But if you want the true Vegas experience this is not the place to have it. I must admit I did miss the excitement of staying on the strip, lounging at beautiful pools, and wandering the hotels. The Grandview is about a 15 minutes drive to the strip on the highway (depending on the traffic) but driving there is a lot different than staying there.	
Nov 8 2008 	Grandview Vacation	We own a timeshare through Hilton Vacations but were unable to use the points, so we transferred them to RCI and planned our trip. The check in was ok, the staff at the front desk was not very helpful, but the time to check in was about 5 minutes. We were then told to go over to get our parking pass, which I wondered why we could not do this at the same time we checked in, but then I found out why.They wanted us to sign up for a presentation (we already own so I was a little confused) and were very pushy. The &quot;shows&quot; they had tickets for I had already been to so I decided to opt for the $$ for gambling.We went to the presentation, which was not really pleasant, but got through it and even though they really did not want to give is the vouchers for gambling they did. (I actually made 65.00 off the vouchers.)The rooms are nice and I love the full kitchen and washer and dryer. The beds are comfortable, the only thing that was not great was that our room keys kept expiring every day. We had to keep calling to get new keys. By the third set of keys they finally got things right.South Point is right across the street, and we have stayed there a few times so I know that the place is great.Other than the room key issue, pushy sales people, and very noisy housekeeping staff at 7:30am in the nextdoor unit, I will come back again.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great Place For Those Who Want To Be Away from the Strip	AccommodationsThe suite was great! We had a very clean one-bedroom suite, which was a little smaller than some of the condos we've stayed elsewhere but larger than a hotel suite (such as Residence Inn or Homewood). The suite had a sofa-sleeper, a full kitchen and a washer and dryer. There was a safe in the bedroom ($10 to rent). In-suite wireless Internet access was $49.99 for the week. The noise level was only a problem when the people above us chose to use their Jacuzzi at 3:30AM (it clearly states in your arrival documents as well as on a place by the tub to be conscientious of your neighbors and use it between 8am and 10pm). We had two large TVs, one with a DVD player.LocationIf you are staying for a week, this is the way to go. I loved NOT being on the trip, particularly during Halloween! The South Point casino was right next door and offered everything the strip casinos offered – nice restaurants, plenty of space for gambling (no waiting for machines!) and entertainment. The resort offered shuttle service to get to the Strip, which is only 5 miles away. We rented a car so we could shop (malls and groceries, including Wal-Mart market nearby) and didn’t have trouble with parking.Check In We arrived at the resort at noon yet they had our suite ready for us. I asked for a room with a view and they gave us one facing the Strip (which is 5 miles away). We were directed to another person to get our parking pass. That person asked if we were interested in seeing a show. I said yes - she then said they would provide us with two tickets for the show we wanted for only $20 (the tickets would have cost us about $250) plus 2 $25 certificates for gambling. I told them emphatically that, if this was a timeshare presentation, we were NOT interested as we already have a timeshare. She insisted they just wanted to show us around the facility in hopes we'd tell our friends to come to their resort. We met for lunch (which was sandwiches, dessert and beverages) the next afternoon. It was supposed to take 90 minutes but took 3 hours! The young lady who took us around was very nice and we were very upfront with her about NOT being interested in purchasing another timeshare (although I will admit, that, had we NOT already owned one, we would have made the purchase). She said she understood but still wanted to show us around. Afterwards, it was the same as with any timeshare presentation - you say NO, they get their manager. After we said NO for the 3rd time, they said okay and directed to a man to give us our tickets. When we sat down with him, he gave us ANOTHER pitch! This is where my husband almost lost it! He said we just want our tickets! He directed us to another room where there were several &quot;We All Said No&quot; couples also waiting for their tickets. We finally got to someone, told them what date and show we wanted to see and had to wait for 15 minutes for confirmation that our tickets were available for that day. After approval, we were told to show up early that day to make sure we got the tickets we wanted (Criss Angel at the Luxor at 7PM on Tuesday). We got to the Luxor at noon on Tuesday and they told us no tickets were available. We had to go for Thursday and the tickets were for the furthest row of the theater (and we couldn't pay the difference to get better seats!) We took the tickets and certificates.DiningWe were tired when we arrived so decided to try room service from Scotty’s Bean, which was on-site. We ordered chicken wings – got 4 for $5.00 and they weren’t fully cooked. We ended up spending $40 for 8 wings, a cheeseburger with fries and small salad and a Cobb salad and some smoothies (which were DELICIOUS!). For most dining after that, we opted for the South Point- very good restaurants with reasonable rates.OverallWe would definitely stay here again! We just would make sure we didn't attend the presentation!	
Nov 3 2008 	Perfect accomodation	A week at the Grandview was given to us as a gift to celebrate our 50th wedding anniversary. We have been to Las Vegas many times and always stayed on or near the strip. No more!! We were welcomed graciously, and made to feel at home. Our suite was very beautiful and convenient. A great surprise was the closeness to the South Point Casino. Just a close walk across the side street, and we did that often. The pool was great, and warm. We mixed our own cocktails and small lunch and sat by the pool to enjoy. Parking was never a problem. We had a unit overlooking the pool on the back side of Sage. We always found a spot in the back making it very convenient to enter to our room. The grounds were very clean, as was the building. After the congestion and noise of &quot;the Strip&quot; it was so welcoming to return to the peace and quiet of the Grandview.	
Oct 28 2008 	FANTASTIC Experience	Grandview @ Las VegasWe exchanged our Timeshare with RCI for a 2 Bedroom 2 Bath unit, at the Grandview at Las Vegas, as there was another couple traveling with us. We were given a 2 Bed A-B unit. The 2 units that make up a 2 Bed “A-B unit are the equivalent of two 1 Bedroom units. Each unit is huge with a TV in the living room and another in the Bedroom. Large Jacuzzi Tub, large shower and a 2-sink bathroom. Oodles of closet space and lost of drawers. The Grandview was equal to or exceeded all of our expectations.Check-In: When we arrived at Grandview, we discovered that Check-In was a breeze. (Don’t forget to pickup the “PARKING PERMIT’ during check in.) We were in the “Jasmine” building which is the newest building of the 5 or 6 buildings that make up Grandview. There are two more buildings under construction.Maintenance: On Sunday morning, we had a problem with the TV reception in the “A” unit on the Living Room TV, and called Maintenance. A man was at the door within 10 minutes and worked on the problem. Even though he had to make a few trips for parts he was determined. We left for our day’s activities before he had completed his repairs, but gave him permission to enter and make his repairs. We left around 11 AM and returned around 9 PM and discovered that not only did the Living Room TV not work, but neither did the TV in the Bedroom, and the Bedroom Lights did not work. I again called Maintenance and again a man was there in short order. He worked on the electricity and called in another man to assist. It took them about an hour, but when they left the TV’s in the Living Room, Bedroom, and all the Lights were working properly. On Monday morning around 8 AM another crew showed up to make the repairs. We advised them the repairs were made the night before. My thoughts are that Grandview responds promptly. Our electrical problem was out of the ordinary but they stayed on it until it was repaired properly and everything operated normally. We had no further problems of any kind.Parking I had read bad reviews of the Grandview regarding inadequate parking. Our experience was that there was not a parking problem. I reasoned that it was because we were in the end building, next to the new buildings under construction. All of the paving and parking areas are completed, but security fences block some of them off. We found that around our building there were always vacant parking spots, regardless of the time of day. I imagine that if I were staying in one of the buildings in the middle of the complex that there could be parking issues.Room service In the information packets we were given at check-in, we were informed that on the 4th day there would be room service. We were gone on the fourth day during the daytime, and it was obvious that there had been some cleaning, (garbage baskets, dishwasher, new towels, etc.) but the bedding was not changed. We rather expected that the bedding to be changed sometime during the week, but this was not the case. We ended up washing them in the Washer/Dryer in our unit.NO Pressure to attend sales meeting: During Check-In we were asked to attend a free breakfast to explain the future plans for Grandview. We were told this was not a sales presentation, but rather to have us come back to Grandview on our next visit to Las Vegas. We told them that we would decide later as for right now we just wanted to get settled. There was a flyer stuck in our door one day offering a free breakfast to attend an information session, but we never acknowledged it. There was NO pressure for us to attend anything of any kind whatsoever	
Oct 28 2008 	Great Place to Stay in Las Vegas	It is just south of the strip but only took five minutes or less to get to the &quot;Welcome to Las Vegas&quot; sign. The staff was very friendly. They allowed us to pre-check in since we arrived so early in the morning and then followed through with a call to let us know our room was ready. The rooms were clean and the bed was comfortable. I did not participate in the resort activities as I was so busy elsewhere, but they posted activites calendar in the elevators. I was not pushed to do a timeshare sales-walk either. While it is best to have a car, I drove to the nearest &quot;Duece&quot; bus stop (1 minute from resort) and parked and rode the bus around the strip. $5 for 24 hours, get on, get off when you like up and down the strip. You can catch the bus from in front of the resort but you will need to go to the change station. Bottom line is don't get stressed if you don't want to drive. There is a huge Town Square AND Outlet Center on Las Vegas Blvd. I WOULD DEFINITELY CHOOSE TO STAY HERE again without reservation.	
Oct 27 2008 	Good stay!	My husband and I got married in Vegas and decided to stay here for a week while we were in town. The room was absolutely wonderful! We had a great time here. Only one of the two pools were heated and the hot tub was constantly crowded. The only complaint I had was the timeshare presentation. When we signed in, the person at the desk had told us to sign up for one and we can get discounted tickets to a show. We signed up for a meeting on Wednesday late-morning, 10:30 A.M.. They showed us around the property and the new models. We told them in the beginning we were not interested in getting a time share but it was suggested to us to take the presentation. They were really insulting towards the end of the meeting. They implied were both work-a-holics and my husband didn't treat me right (excuse me?!?!). I was highly offended from that but moved on. The South Pointe is located across the street and has a ton of places for you to eat, movie theatre, gambling, bowling. The walls were thin, but I didn't have any problems with neighbors/water running. The parking wasn't terrible and it was a short walk if you couldn't get a spot in front of your building. All in all, if I came back to Las Vegas, I would stay at the Grandview again.	
Oct 25 2008 	"LOVED IT"	I just returned from a great girls get away.On a previous trip to Las Vegas my husband and purchased a time share through Grand view, and I could not wait to go back and stay,so for my birthday I took a few friends.We absolutley loved it. There's nothing negative about it .The room was very very very clean ,the grounds well maintained,sevice was great . South point was a definate winner I've never won anywhere,but South Point changed all that, and it's right next door.The pool and jucuzzi was lovely.The only problem was returning to the room and finding no parking near our building, so just stay parked and use their shuttle. You can't go wrong here you'll love it too.I highly recommend Grand view to all.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great Place to stay	We just returned from a full week in Las Vegas staying at the Grandview. We had a wonderful time and we would definitely return to the Grandview again and again. Our trip was focused on my husband’s birthday with friends flying in to meet us. The Grandview was able to give me an identical suite right next to ours for just an additional $200+. We had so much room between the two rooms for ourselves and another couple. We hosted two parties while we were there and the setup was more than perfect. The front desk staff was always helpful and the place was extremely clean. We saw some rooms being cleaned after checkout and they even moved all the furniture to make sure the floors were cleaned everywhere. It was so nice to have a living room, dining area, kitchen, separate bedroom and a large bathroom. We loved the pool area which really made us feel that we were on vacation and not in downtown Vegas. The outdoor hot tub was awesome. We rented a car, however, the complex provided shuttle service to town all day long. The drive to town was also easy. Taking the highway was only a 10 minute drive to the strip or just staying on Las Vegas Blvd took only 15 minutes. We were back and forth a few times a day. The Southpoint Casino is right next door and only a 2 minute walk. Odds of winning seemed better here than on the strip. Great buffets!!! You can’t possibly go wrong when booking the Grandview. You will love it.	
Oct 16 2008 	Nice Place	This was a very nice comfortable place to stay, especially if you plan on being in Vegas for a week or more. We had all of the comforts of home. It was nice that the bedroom is private from the rest of the condo since we had our daughter with us. There was a pull-out sofa bed in the living room, a full-sized kitchen, a dining room, and a laundry area! The pool area was very pretty but they use salt to keep the water clean and it looked a little dirty. My only complaint was regarding the hotel's itenerary of activities going on... it states that some of them are free and some cost. I decided to try out the &quot;complimentary facials&quot; one day and was severely disappointed when I was ushered into a Mary Kay party! There was no turning back once I got in there. The sales lady was extremely pushy and I felt jipped. I thought that was false advertising and very unprofessional for them to call it a &quot;complimentary facial&quot;. Just be aware that nothing is free there! Not even the game room. It costs 75 cents to play any of the games. Othere than that it was a nice place and the casino next door is nice too.	
Oct 8 2008 	Beware: Don't make any credit card or collect calls from the room!	The Resort is very clean and neat, the pools are kept up and there are plenty of towels. We have two kids and other than the pool there was nothing for them. The resort said there was a game room, but it was empty...There are no on site ammenities, other than the kitchen and laundry machines in each room, (which were nice). So don't think you can run down to the loby and grab some laundry soap or soda. The resort is a glorified hotel, and the colors are bright and agitating.Beware: Don't make any calls from the room unless they are local! No credit card calls or collect calls. The charges are absolutely outlandish. $20.00 flat rate per call. There are no notices, or recordings to warn you. Just a fat bill on your credit card or home phone bill if you use the services. I placed a call for less than 3 minutes and got the $20.00 charge on my credit card as a suprise when I returned home. And don't plan on getting any adjustments from the phone company they contract with or with the resort!	
Oct 7 2008 	Nothing special	We have just returned from a weeks stay using one of our RCI exchange weeks at Grandview and could not find anything special or stunning about this place , it was just about that maybe what is expected .In general the standards were good , the buildings and rooms very clean and equiped to for anything you wanted with a kitchenette , washing machine / tumbler dryer , dishwasher , large fridge/freezer ,fully air conditioned , the only problem was no shop to buy food !We spotted one across the main highway but it seemed a mission to reach and got the impression this was a tatic to get you in the south point casino next door .Depending where you are allocated can be a problem with ongoing building work and car parking seemed an issue , they run a very good and reliable shuttle bus to the strip if needed . Our initial allocation was in Iris building on floor 4 but was moved after protest to the top 12th floor as this place must have been built on a budget because to can hear everything around , above &amp; next to you , especially when baths are being run , the noise of this and the water pipes about is incredible !! the walls and floor are so thin with certain areas ceramic tiled , this just makes for a ear-numbing racket .Bear in mind this is a timeshare resort so you will be steered in the direction of a 90 minute session but if you take this up you can get free show/dinner or gaming vouchers , at least they are not too bad , kept to their word and leave you alone afterwards , we managed to get $100 food vouchers for the Luxor which come in handy .If you are considering staying here , it is miles out of the way with not much around at the moment and unless you are hard of hearing , take some earplugs - oh and leave the kids behind - unless they are keep open air swimmers , there is not much else for them.Sorry , i know loads of people like this place but Would only return if desperate, short on money or given an all expensives paid week , it just isn&quot;t spectular .	
Sep 29 2008 	WOW and a whole lot more!	We just had our first Las Vegas experiance and we had an unbelievable trip. And it all started with the Grandview at Las Vegas. Our flight arrived in the early moring but we went right to the Grandview anyway just to see if we could check in early. Our room wasn't ready yet but they did call as soon as it was and let us check in early without any hassle at all. Staff was extremely friendly and had a ton to offer. The Grandview is a vacation club as we already knew and of course they offered a presentaion, which we went to without hesitation and we were offered show tickets to a show of our choice at a great discounted rate. We saved $125 and got great seats at Mystere. Now, we were already owners of another timeshare and that is how we ended up at The Grandview, but after sitting through their presentation, we loved it so much we bought into their club as well. It was definately an offer we couldn't refuse! As for the rooms, outstanding! A full suite with jaquzzi and full kitchen. Well kept and not outdated like other places we have stayed at. Overall a 10, and we cant wait to come back and stay here again!	
Sep 22 2008 	Nice but Average Resort	Overall, Grandview is a nice resort. Really just average to tell the truth. Nothing about this resort stood out to me. The timeshare people were not pushy. We decided to go on the tour to get the $100 in gambling chips that we cashed. Easy $100 made. We constantly heard the people above us moving the chairs. That was very annoying. We heard our neighbors next door talking. People were using the jacuzzi's outside of the posted times. That's bad when your trying to sleep in the morning. There is no sound insulation in the rooms.Our room was clean except for the snails on the bathroom counter. I bought some Clorox and took care of that problem. The blinds didn't work so they stayed shut the whole week.We got back to the resort around 1 am every morning and there was parking (we stayed in the Iris building). We were afraid of that after reading the other reviews.Make sure you rent a car since your about 5-10 minutes from all the action. We liked being in control of what we wanted to do instead of depending on a shuttle or bus. Silverado Ranch Blvd will take you to Walmart, Target and any other stores you have at home.The Southpoint Casino buffet is only good at breakfast!!! The dinner buffet is disgusting.The only casinos we won money at were on Fremont Street. Make sure you go there if you plan on gambling. The odds are better.We own a timeshare through RCI and we will not stay here again unless everything else is booked. There are much nicer places than this one. Next time we'll plan our vegas vacation at least 6 months in advance and book at the Wyndham.	
Sep 20 2008	Nice experience	Just returned from the Grand View where we had a very enjoyable experience. Were able to book both an A and B condo so elderly family was just next door. Next door to the South Point Casino where we were able to see the Jerry Lewis Labor Day Telethon, a highlight of our trip. Staff very friendly, no sales pressure on time shares. Pool great, some weekend problems with parking but not weekday. This is due to construction. No noise from that. $50 weekly charge for Wi-Fi was our only concern. Public computers (3) in lobby, a nice touch. Snack bar, poolside was great for snacks and souvenirs. We got a rental car, but the resort has a shuttle to the strip and was reliable.	
Sep 4 2008	Excellent stay	We stayed in a 2-bedroom unit in the Jasmine building. Tons of room for a group of 3 adults and 3 kids.Given this is a timeshare property we were never once approached about sitting through the timeshare spiel.There was/is a ton of construction going on but we never heard a thing.You need a car!!! IF you intend on travelling to the main part of the strip. The highway access is but seconds from the Grandview and from there the strip is literally about a 8-10 minute highway drive.Great place, great stay...will do so again.	
Sep 3 2008 	Undecided	Myself, Wife &amp; 2 kids love the Grandview. An apartment, with a pool &amp; a Casino, bowling &amp; movie theatre across the road suits our needs while in Vegas. Check in was friendly with no hassles from timeshare sales when I got my parking pass. Never had a problem getting a park all week. Nice to have a choice of 3 pools &amp; the 1 on its own was a lot quieter.The reason I'm undecided about staying again is because the walls are thin. If you had noisey neighbours it would be a nightmare, on the last day I could hear next door just talking in their bedroom. Every time someone moves their chairs in the unit above you hear it loud &amp; clear.	
Sep 1 2008 	Nice Place	I booked this exchange through RCI and was a bit concerened by the distance to the strip. Although it wasn't a terrible commute, I would have rathered being closer to the action. The distance necessitated us getting a rental car, a first for me in 5 trips to Vegas.That being said, the rooms were large, clean and comfortable. Had it not been for the South Point Casino next door I would have hated my stay, but the casino was in walking distance, had resturants, buffets, a cinema and a bowling alley. Which worked out well for my family which included my two boys 12 &amp; 14, and my mother in law.We reserved two units and experienced rather small correctable problems. We did not attend a presentation, and did not feel pressured to do so.Overall we did alot of outlet shopping, visited the Hoover Dam, and Freemont Street, and had an enjoyable trip.	
Aug 28 2008 	Great staff!	The staff at the Grandview was very helpful and friendly. At the last minute, we had to book another room and were immediately given another suite with only a $50 additional charge for maid service. It's relatively new, and we enjoyed it very much. It felt like we were living back in our condo with the fridge, roman tub, washer and dryer. And I like the fact it was away from the strip. It was close to the Primm Outlets, which saved me tons of money since there were many great deals.	
Aug 27 2008 	Great Place Bad Service	This is a great place to stay if heading to Vegas. Really great prices, large clean rooms, lots nearby. The only complaint I have about this resort is the service and people working there! No one was friendly, even when checking in. I didn't get one smile or hello from anyone there! The housekeeping and janitors seemed to use the elevators more than the guests, so it slowed us down alot...Another problem I had is when checking in, I signed for the set rate for the rental for the week...THEY made a mistake in charging me, then charged my credit card for additional charges without even advising me. I am still trying to get it sorted out...even after trying to get it sorted out before leaving the resort!! So check your credit card statements BEFORE you leave the resort!!!	
Aug 25 2008	super time!!!	My stepson,who is a RCI member gave us a week at the Grandview for our 50th birthdays we had such a GREAT time we got a timeshare and are going back May 09	
Aug 20 2008 	!!!Totally surpassed all my expectations!!	I was quite nervous about where I was going to end up when I booked this through my time share, for there weren't that many pictures on the website. However, RCI stated that this place would be a gold crown property. I read up on trip advisor and there were some good and some bad but I decided to stick with it and take my chances. Afterall it costed $360 for the week and it was a 800 sq. ft. room with full kitchen, king bedroom with jacuzzi and queen sofa pull out.I went down with 6 of my girlfriends and was so happy when we walked in the room, or suite, I should say. It was huge, as I had anticipated, with a big kitchen, bathroom and two tvs! Beautiful and clean! I have absolutely no complaints at all about the room.10 mins (for real, not 20 like they say) from the strip which was nice cause it wasn't too far and we didn't get caught up in the hustle and bustle of the vegas strip. Payless car rental has super cheap cars so it gave us a chance to go to the outlet malls and stuff without getting stuck in the strip traffic, which is insane.Service was great. They did want me to attend a meeting ($25 deposit for show tickets i would get if i went), which i forgot to go to (not on purpose). But they were cool, they refunded me my money back without a hassle.The 2 pools were big and beautiful with plenty of chairs for everyone. Daily activities throughout the day for all patrons.It was wonderful and I definitely would stay there again and I refer it to you all as long as you don't mind not staying on the strip.	
Aug 13 2008 	Don't attend sales pitch unless you have 4+ hours	My wife and I got talked into a sales presentation on our last afternoon in Vegas for our Wedding Annversary with the promise it wouldn't take longer then 2 hours and we get free gifts. So we bit and went on the sales tour. Long story short tour took 4 hours, rep wouldn't take NO. They have you 20 min south of town so you can't walk back. Every one there probably 30 couples were pissed off. Got our free package of vouchers too late to use the show or exhibit tickets that night. Went to the Stratosphere and buffet. The gambling $ were a joke - limited machines jackpot payout only. What a way to screw up your last night in Vegas Price started at 33,000 and last offer was 3x the days for 11000. Interest rate was 17.9% which almost doubled the total cost. Do the math before you buy	
Aug 13 2008 	So - so	This is a timeshare located quite aways from the Strip, or almost anything else. None of the rooms appeared to have a view. Ours was of the side of the casino next door.Compared to other timeshares, the rooms are SMALL. We had a sleep four unit with one bedroom and found it cramped with two couples. Since there was only one bedroom, the second bed is a fold out sofa. The mattress is very thin, comparable with a dog bed. There was a separate shower in the bathroom and a jacuzzi tub that was nice.The staff was friendly and the security staff was very professional as we found out after an accident. We did not get a chance to try too many of he amenities.We did find our keys would suddenly stop working and had to make numerous trips to the front desk to have them recoded.We smelled the breakfast being cooked every morning by the unit next to ours. We also heard the chairs being moved in the unit above us. Loud and smelly would describe it. Fortunately we weren't there much.As it is quite far from the strip, you will probably prefer a car. They do offer a shuttle that seats 35 and leaves every two hours starting at 10am and you do have to reserve a space. Trips back are first come first and are also every two hours on the return.If you get a car, plan on parking on the street or at the casino next door if you get in later. We were told they were building a parking structure. If you do get a parking space, it appearred they were smaller than average. Our rental G6 barely fit in one.There are numerous tours of the property as they are building and selling more units. If you do stay, try to get a unit facing away from the construction.They do offer activities on some days for the kids that change from day to day.They did try to get us to come in for a sales tour. The rewards they offer are less than the average being offered by other timeshares in Las Vegas..	
Aug 12 2008 	great time again	Just returned from our week in Las Vegas at the Grandview. Once again, we had a wonderful time. It is a bit off the main strip, but that is what is appealing. We have been to Las Vegas 10+ times in the past 10 years. We love to come back to a quite area...it is very peaceful. The strip is not that far down the road...yes, we do rent a car...park at the Tropicana and walk the strip. If we were new visitors to Las Vegas, than staying on the strip would be the place to be...you want to be right in the middle of the action. But, like I said, as regular visitors, we now enjoy the quite of the Grandview area....which in a few years will be built up, tooThe South Point is right next door and there is an excellant restaurant across the street...The Boulevard...great food!!!!! Make sure to check it out.We had a few small issues, called the front desk and within minutes it was taken care of. We have noticed a difference in staff in the past few visits. Much improved....very friendly and helpful. Like with any new venture it takes time to iron things out.	
Aug 11 2008 	Enjoyed Our Stay at The Grandview	My husband, my 7 year old daughter, and I stayed at the Grandview for seven nights from August 1 – 8, 2008. We stayed there through a timeshare exchange that my mother-in-law arranged. Our room was in the Lily Building, Room 902B. Our one bedroom suite had a King size bed, two night stands, a TV in a stand/dresser, a closet with a laundry basket, safe, ironing board &amp; iron. The dining area has a table for four. The living room has a full size sofa bed, 2 side tables, TV with shelves, a closet area, DVD player, 2 arm chairs and a coffee table. The kitchen is fully equipped with a toaster, coffee maker, blender, stove, microwave, dishwasher, and a full size refrigerator. There is a sunken Jacuzzi tub. The bathroom is roomy with two sinks and a shower. Toiletries include conditioning shampoo, lotion, and two bars of soap. There’s also a closet with a washer &amp; dryer. We loved our room.You are provided with liquid dish soap, soap for the dishwasher, and one box of laundry detergent for one load of laundry. You are also provided with one regular coffee and one decaf coffee; both make a pot of coffee. If you want more, it will cost you extra. So I recommend bringing extra coffee &amp; sugar, and extra laundry detergent if you are going to do more laundry and not want to pay extra.Parking is free. Local and toll free calls are free. Reservations of 7 nights or longer will receive a midweek cleaning service the 4th day after your scheduled check in. Fresh coffee is available in the lobby every morning. High speed wireless internet access is available in the rooms for $9.95 for one day, $24.95 for 3 days, or $49.95 for 7 days. There’s also complimentary internet access in the lobby. In the lobby, you can also check out board games for free.The pool area is great! And it was never too crowded. There’s two outdoor pools, a jacuzzi, and fitness room. One pool features a rock waterfall.We had our own car, so transportation was not a problem. Everything was within 15 minutes away.We did decide to go to a 90 minute timeshare tour, but we didn’t feel super pressure like the people approached on the strip did. And we didn’t come across any rude salespeople. We thought that the various timeshare offers were a good deal, but it was a bad time for us to make such a purchase. For our time, we chose to receive three tickets to the Tournament of Kings Dinner Show at Excalibur for a total of $69 and it included a $50 dining credit at the MGM Grand. The Dinner Show was fabulous and we used our dining credit at the MGM Grand Buffet for lunch.We really enjoyed staying at The Grandview and would stay here again.	
Aug 7 2008 	We loved Grandview	We stayed at Grandview in May. We are owners at Wyndham - had points banked at RCI. We thought the resort was beautiful and clean. I think we stayed in the Jasmine building. You need a car, but this time we did some site seeing which was nice for a change. Parking on the stripe is free, so no problem when we wanted to go to the strip. We went to South Pointe to eat and found it very nice--even saw a movie one afternoon. We did go to the Time Share event and they are a little pushie but you got to expect that. Our room was great --I would go back again it was nice being away from the strip. Must go to Ellis Island --Steak, Baked Pot, Salad and Beer for $6.99. Went to see the LOVE Beatle show --excellent. Also, Carrott Top --excellent. Can't wait to go again. We still have points left at RCI and we are going to stay at Grandview.	
Jul 31 2008 	vacation from hell	the place has NO service...NO anything...it was so bad that i spent 2days of my 7 day trip there and left......paid to stay at another hotel...the cost to get around from that hotel would have cost upward of $600. for the week...they have a shuttle but it runs on a book by the day to use, first come first serve..the staff could have cared less with helping guests..the most important thing is to sell the time share..don't worry about the guest...they are already here....again the place is in the middle of nowhere..with no stores no restruants...they don't even help with airport runs when you leave.....it is a shame....when i left after only 2 days they didn't even want to know why...but i told them..... colleen santostaunton ,ma 02780c02780@aol.comfeel free to contact me if you have any questions	
Jul 23 2008 	Not on a give away!	I cannot begin to tell you how horrible Grandview is! If you havent been to Grandview....DO NOT GO! The free gifts and &quot;sucker packages&quot; arent worth the headache, disrespect and overall attitude you will deal with from their staff and sales people. Remember people, there is NO SUCH THING as a free lunch!My husband and I were approached during our recent trip to Las Vegas by a very sweet lady offering free shows, dining credit or free gaming she explained that if we were willing to spend 2-3 hours touring a timeshare opportunity, we would, upon complimention be handsomely rewareded with upto $175.00 in free gaming, dining, or show credits...all we had to do was hand over $40.00 bucks cash and board a shuttle...Upon arriving at the Grandview Sales Center, we were ushered into a small room for a &quot;short&quot; presentation. They started off explaining that Grandview DID NOT participate in &quot;high pressure sales&quot; and that we were all under no pressure to purchase the timeshare...they were simply &quot;educating&quot; us for our own good. Although many things that the sales staff showed us made sense...my husband and I opted to not make an impulse purchase and enter into debt without spending time talking it over and looking further into things. Like many people, my husband and I never considered buying into a timeshare before arriving at Grandview...and weren't prepared to plop down $33,000 on a whim after spending only a brief amount of time on the actual property. Our decision was final...in our minds, at least. However, in complete contridiction to what they intially said, the Grandview Sales staff did not take &quot;NO&quot; for an answer. We tried, several times, to explain that we liked what was offered, however, we arent impluse purchase people...and wanted to mull it over. That we were not comfortable saying &quot;Yes, we'll pay $874.00 a month for the next three years....&quot;. They kept pushing and pushing. Finally, after explaining no less than 4 times that we were not buying a timeshare &quot;RIGHT NOW&quot; we were ushered into a final room which is where things got really out of hand....Up until this point, I can go along with the whole thing. The staff was doing their job, and I was standing my ground...they remained friendly and ergo I was doing my best to stay sweet and explain our position the best I could....The last man we met, however, was the rudest most imcompetent man I have ever come in contact with. While he pitched us one last time, I went to say something...he stopped, looked at me and said &quot;Are you interupting me?&quot;I was flabberghasted. Interupted him? I was telling him no...and because thats not what he wanted to hear, he got [-] and offended me in such a way that words will never do it justice. My husband, who is genuinely a kind man and has the patience of a saint, really bristled at this out of line comment. The sales man asked &quot;if he had ruffled my feathers&quot; to which my husband said &quot;this is over...we're leaving&quot;. As you can probably imagine, it was shocking, embarassing, and absolutely uncalled for. When you're considering or being asked to make a huge purchase (which I would absolutely consider a timeshare with a price tag in excess of $30,000 to be)...I think that you should be treated with kid gloves. On top of the incident above, when I tried to explain to him that we just purchased a house, and a car...we went on say that &quot;I understand, you don't have the money&quot;....which was an assumption on his part...and a wrong one to boot. Just because I choose not to spend money with him there doesn't mean I don't have it to spend elsewhere...Walking out of Grandview I was sick to my stomach. And I can promise you, if I decide to purchase a timeshare for my family...it will not be thru Grandview....	
Jul 14 2008 	Great Time	We stayed at the Grandview 7/5/08 - 7/12/08 Our room was in the Iris Building. Room was beautiful ! Clean, and comfortable. Not sure why there are bad reviews. We were not pressured into timeshare sales. Pressure was seen more from sales people on the strip. The pool was just opened at this building so the water was cold but I am sure after it is there awhile it will warm up. But the hot tub was nice at the pool. Never had any problems parking or with much noise. Could hear water from another room but not real often. I have heard worse in a hotel. You just have to remember you are still in a &quot;hotel&quot; setting. We loved our Jacuzzi in our room. It wasn't a problem to not be in it after 10pm. South Point was not as great as some reviews. Liked the buffets better on the strip. The Steak place in South Point was good. We rented a car, I do think that is a must here. We took day trips to the Hoover dam 40mins away and worth the drive, then we also visited the Grand Canyon a bit farther maybe 4 1/2 hours but well worth it also. I would stay here again. Everyone was nice and helpful.Don't let the bad reviews scare you !! Go and enjoy yourself !	
Jul 3 2008 	Pleasant Stay but far from the action	We just returned from a week at the Grandview and by and large it is a great value. We paid $71/nt for a full size one bedroom unit, this is less then half the price for simular units located on the strip. The condo itself had a full kitchen a large bathroom and a jacuzzi tub built for two next to the king sized bed. Everything in the unit was clean and worked fine. We did not notice any of the noise problems listed by other reviewers, maybe we just had quiet neighbors but we never heard anything other then running water from above us in the bathroom. Now the parking situation is tight. We always found a spot but the lot was always full and finding a spot was never easy. The resort is building another tower and if they do not add more parking things will go from tough to impossible as far as parking your car is concerned.All of our contacts with the staff were fine, everyone was friendly and helpful both the front desk as well as the maintenance and security people who worked the grounds. We were asked about taking a time share tour but when we declined we were not pressured at all.My only problem with the stay at Grandview is that if you are used to staying on the strip and being in the action this is not your place. The resort is a good fifteen minute interstate ride from the parking lot to the Strip and Flamingo intersection, only if there is no traffic problems, and in Vegas no traffic problem is a real gamble. We vacation in Las Vegas frequently and this was our first off the strip stay, while it was a great value and nice place to stay the distance to the strip can be a problem if you want to stay close to the action.If you want a nice place to stay at a good price Grandview qualifies, The next door Southpoint casino is a nice locals casino with lower table stakes and good food for the money available. Just keep in mind you are not getting the full Las Vegas experience this far from the Strip.	
Jul 3 2008 	No Parking	We are owners of another resort. We stayed at the Grandview as there were no rooms available at ours. I was appalled that there was such difficulty finding parking. I have a disabled mother who was with me. There were far too few handicapped spaces and virtually NO spaces of any kind if we got back after 10 PM. I would have to let her out and make her stand there by the door until I parked wqay in the back and came back to help her to our room. What is worse is that they are expanding. This means an even bigger parking problem This needs to be fixed!	
Jun 26 2008	The perfect vacation	For the third year we have had a GREAT experience at Grandview.Each year we stay longer. This year we stayed 2 weeks at Grandview and one week at the Palazzo. Next year it will be 3 weeks at Grandview. Always clean, always accomodating, always plenty of parking for our car. The couch was a little uncomfortable but sufficient. The closeness to South Point is a HUGE plus. The restaurants are our favorites around expecially Primarily Prime!! This place is just GREAT!!!!!!	
Jun 24 2008 	excellent place to stay!	our stay at the grandview was quite a very pleasant surprise! after reading several reviews re the &quot;paper-thin&quot; walls, service, etc., we found no problems with the unit. it was clean, comfortable, &amp; spacious. it was like having an apartment of our own in las vegas. the staff were friendly, helpful, accommodating, &amp; most gracious all-around. while it was off the strip, it was still close enough to be able to get to all attractions, shows, etc. this is one place we'll definitely be going back to---hopefully soon.	
Jun 24 2008	Enjoyed our stay.	We stayed at the Grandview for a week and loved it. We stayed at the Iris building. We never had a problem with the construction next door. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the room was very clean with plenty of space. I like the fact that we were not on the strip. The room and the location made us feel like we were at home. It was very easy to get to the strip. You could just drive down Las Vegas Blv or take I-15 north and take just about any exit. If we ever come back to Vegas this is where we will be staying.	
Jun 23 2008	Do Not Purchase a Time Share at this hotel	We were roped into a sales pitch because of the free gifts that were offered. I have never experienced a hard sell of this intensity before. If you do the math -- and you need a good memory for that because if you don't bite, you can't take the paperwork with you -- the special offer is very misleading -- the monthly payment comparison is a three year payment schedule versus an eight year payment schedule. The interest rate is 17 percent, which is insane. If you go with their special offer, with lower monthly payments over a longer time, we figured you would pay an additional $20,000 over the asking price. Once you have had the hard sell, you get the soft sell before you leave -- $33,000 goes down to $5,000 -- there are only 11 of the cheaper packages left. But I later learned that they make the soft sell offer at the end to everyone. Enjoy the place as a hotel, but don't buy from these crooks. We did get our show tickets and $75.00 vouchers for food or gaming. Avoid the time share pitch like the plague, it is a very bad deal.	
Jun 21 2008 	We loved it!	we stayed here for a week. our daughter (3 year old) and we loved it. we stayed in jasmine (bldg name), and that is brand new! the big pool was great and the jaccuzzi noise that everyone is complaining about was not a distraction at all for us. there are grocery stores within 2 miles, so you can almost get anything. nobody bothered us for the timeshare, but we took it anyways for gambling 125$, that was fun. very well appointed units, we loved it!parking was an issue if you reach after 10pm or so, but you can find something always. they are ok with you parking on the streets outside and do monitor them.the wireless internet worked fine, but has a 10$ fee everyday. the dialup internet did not work somehow. the staff there was always willing to help in any ways possible. we had some electrical issue with the first unit, they changed us the next day.	
Jun 11 2008 	First Stay at Our Home Resort	My husband and I visited Las Vegas last September for our Anniversary, and while visiting the Golden Nugget were talked into attending a presentation at the Grandview. Long story short, we liked what we saw and I returned May 30-June 6 with my mother and aunt to check out what we bought into.We arrived in Vegas around midnight and upon check in, it turned out that it was in my husbands name (although I had booked the reservation). They asked if they could contact him, which would have been 3 AM at home! The night manager was able to look up our ownership and everything was OK, except that the clerk helping me commented that my &quot;husband&quot; should really add me on....I OWN IT AS MUCH AS HIM!!! A little discriminatory, I thought.On to our room, it was exactly as the model suite had been. We had a ground floor room in Sage, at our request. Very close to the front desk, the pool, and the walkway to South Pointe. We were supplied with all of the amenities of home, which was great. I found the bed clean and comfortable, the apartment clean and well furnished, and the tub in the bedroom is a nice touch. My only complaint is the floors were dirty...I am not sure that it was the ceramic, I suspect it was the carpet, which looked in need of a good cleaning, or even replacement.I loved having a washer and dryer in my room, I went home with a suitcase of clean clothes! We didn't take great advantage of the kitchen, but if I was to return with my husband and children, I am sure that I would.Housekeeping came in mid week and changed the towels and garbage, you can have daily housekeeping at a charge.I found the pool area beautiful, and not packed like the strip hotel pools. My hope is that as they continue to build, they also build additional pool areas, because pools this size will not accomodate the projected growth of Grandview.I have read that parking is an issue, we didn't have a car, so I can't comment. I did inquire though, for future visits, and the gentleman at the desk that day told me that a parking garage is being built at the back of the property in the near future. We used the bus system (did not know about the South Point shuttle), and for $5 a day it is unlimited. Being so far from the strip, it is 45 mins - 1 hour to reach the strip.South Point - WONDERFUL. I left money in many strip casinos that week, but loved South Point. We could come home at a decent time and walk across the street to enjoy slots or bingo. They also have movies and bowling, which is great for families. I enjoyed both the lunch and dinner buffets, and also ate at the Coronado Cafe and the Sandwich shop, and all was good.I will definitely return to the Grandview.	
Jun 9 2008 	A Solid Value...	I have read previous reviews that stated that the Grandview hassled their guests with efforts to sell them timeshares. That was not my experience. I was asked once, I declined and that was the end of it...So far as the room goes, it was not elaborate but it was everything that our family wanted. It was very, very clean and had every product you would need including dishwasher soap, razors, coffee etc... All included in the room price.It was fully furnished. All the comforts of home. It was a very comfortable home type atmosphere. It never felt like a hotel. The South Point Casino is next door and for my money its one of the best in Las Vegas. The pit bosses still actually comp the players!The Grandview is for a certain type of Vegas person. You cannot want to be on the &quot;Strip&quot;. If thats the kind of action you want, go there because its definitely not at the Grandview. For those of us that try and avoid the &quot;Strip&quot; it is ideal. Very peaceful and very relaxing.You need a rental car to get around but I think a rental car is desirable anyway, particulariy if you want to go to the outlet mall, avoid taxi fares or go to the dam. We always make a pilgramage to the &quot;Strip&quot; once or twice and need the rental for that too.Its a great value. Just don' t expect a 5 star hotel. You will have to do a few things for yourself.... like carry your luggage from the parking lot to your room. However, once settled in, you will love it so long as you are not a &quot;strip&quot; junkie. It has, in my judgement, 5 star value and comfort.Loved my stay and would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Jun 8 2008 	Mistreated	Let me tell you. I called on the 29 to confirm my reservations and was greeted with a major attitude. I called and the person who answered the phone said &quot;what do you want&quot; I asked about my reservations which were confirmed then had the phone slammed down. I don't even know who the person was. Once there we checked in and were quickly sent to a &quot;oweners meeting where they tried to sell us a different time share option. They would not take no for an answer. We left telling them we are on vaction and do not plan on spending the whole day with the sales staff. To continue with this annoying visit. We tried to use the washer and stove, both were broke and I was told some one will be up to fix them &quot;NEVER HAPPENED!!!&quot; We were also told since we are owners we are no longer entitled to a welcome gift. Fine but when we asked for an extra wash cloth we were informed that it is 2 per room and we got ours &quot;TWO MY BUTT&quot; I have been to the grandview before and had a nice stay but will not go back again. I prefer the CLIFFS at PEACE CANYON. The staff is more concerned about your visit not their personal life while at work	
Jun 5 2008	Fantastic Staff Accomodations and Hospitality! Don't believe the reviews	We have a timeshare and originaly booked at the Summer Bay Resort off Las Vegas Blvd. After reading the terrible reviews we re-booked (free through RCI) at the Grandview at RCI's Recommendation. We were pleasantly pleased with the re-booking. This place is a Jewel in the Desert. We checked in around 12pm May 24th by Cynthia who quickly became a great friend. We told her we were there for our 10th wedding Anniversary and she never even bothered us about the time share presentation, since we own 4 weeks and are Gold Crown owners there was really no point we can not upgrade any furhter, we own the highest you can get. She was gracious enough to send us an Anniversary basket complete with Champagne, Glasses and various Las Vegas gifts. We never heard any noise from constuction. We did hear a few chairs being moved from the floor above us. We stayed in Lily Bldg. unit 901 A&amp;B. Cynthia also out of her own pocket bought us a gift for our Anniversary. I made a point of complimenting her to her boss who was very nice.CONS: Floors were dirty! Seems as though they wash with cleaners instead of just plain water on those floors which attracts dirt like a magnet.Parking was at a minimum and we frequently parked on the street running between the Sout Point and The Grandview, actually made it easier to get to our unit.Blinds in the bedroom did not close all the way making it very bright in the room. We were so tired every nite we never had a hard time falling asleep.The WalMart was very close so we bought groceries. We rented a car and found it very easy to park at the casinos free and walk to where we wanted. The Southpoint does have a shuttle but only goes to the Mandalay Bay and you have to walk from there. Grandview has one running only on saturday. The Southpoint was great. Buffets were awesome. Sunday brunch was pricey but still cheaper then in town. We made the mistake of going to the Colorodo Grill while there, food was terrible and service was worse. We ended up getting 1/2 our bill taken off. The Primarily Prime rest. was fabulous! Food was cheap (for Vegas) 6 of us for $200 eating Prime Rib that was as large as an average dinner plate and about 3 inches thick! We told someone one day we were org. booked into the Summer Bay Resort and they said that place was a dive, they heard horrible things about it. Told them we were at the Grandview and they said it was one of the nicest timeshares in Las Vegas so we were glad we re-booked!all in all we were very pleased with the service and rooms we got.	
May 27 2008 	This place was FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I first started getting on Trip Advisor about 8 months ago. I would read the reviews everyday, and was getting very, very scared and nervous about staying at the Grandview....Everyone was talking about how thin the walls are, outside noise, parking, and rude customer service people.....What a load of crock!!!!!!!! When we first checked in, the gentleman was very nice and sent us over to get our parking permit, and the other service rep asked us ONE time if we would be interested and we said no, we will let u know if we are and that was that...No pressure at all....The Bell hop was nice and gave us great insider tips for parking, which was never an issue at all...We got home around 11 most nights and almost always found parking...On the nights we didnt we just parked on the side road, not a big deal people....A little excersice never hurt anyone....The room was beautiful, big, and felt like home...If we needed something like extra pillows or more garbage bags we called housekeeping and they were there within 5 minutes everytime, with a smile on there face..We never heard noise coming from any other room, and construction,,,,,never heard that either....By the way we stayed in the Lily bldg...We had our two kids with us....One is 16 and the other is 13...They loved it, as did we...We would highly reccomend this place to anyone who wants to visit Vegas..We will be staying there again next year.....	
May 26 2008 	Great Clean Comfortable Option if you have a Car	My husband and I found the Grandview to be an exceptional option in Vegas, especially if you have a car. We couldn't believe we found a brand new, one bedroom, nicely furnished, clean, spacious, modern condo for just $70 a night. We are used to staying on the strip (Ceasar's, Bellagio) but now that we know about Grandview, I think we'd stay there from now on. Despite other reviews that described difficulties at check in, we had no problems. Per others' reviews, we were prepared to have to sit in on the timeshare schpiel, but no one ever approached us about that. We even got the free parking pass with no problem. We checked in within 10 minutes and got a room immediately. Positives: big space, modern furnishings, clean, big glass shower, two sinks and lots of bathroom storage space, jetted tub, washer and dryer with detergent, full kitchen, full living room with dining table, king-size bed in separate bedroom. Also, we found the casino across the street, South Point, to be terrific! It's got a great deli with fresh bagels, hot grill and fresh pizzas, open early a.m. to 10-11pm. And, jaded as we are about expensive tables on the strip, South Point had $5 tables all the time, plus no crowds, and it's brand new and clean (the croupiers were a little rough under the collar, but it provided lots of color to our gambling). That casino also has a bowling alley, movie theater. Negatives: all the reviewers who spoke of the hot tubs being used in the middle of the night were absolutely right: sure enough, our first night at around 3 a.m., we were woken up by banging, clanking and sounds of water and jets from one of our neighbors using their hot tub. The walls are very thin, and obviously, no one obeys the signs requesting hot tub use only from 10 am - 8 pm. Also, the bed was not the most comfortable, but not terrible; the sheets and blankets are polyester. No one came in to clean daily, so either ask for more bath towels at check in or use the 4 you're given sparingly. Last negative: parking. Arriving back at the hotel around 11pm-12am, you'd find zero parking spots. Cars were nudged into any space they could find. Another warning: there's a whole new condo building under construction now, so once that's populated, the parking will really be a nightmare. There are also pools and scheduled activities/parties, but we didn't get to attend those. We liked this place because it gave us a relaxing, quiet and very comfortable feeling away from the hubub and crowds (and prices) on the strip. FYI, a cab ride from the strip to the Grandview cost $30 (w/ tip, and on I-15. DO NOT take Las Vegas Blvd South to anywhere from the Grandview).	
May 25 2008 	Not bad at all !	We have just returned from spending a week at this establishment.Was aware that getting the parking pass is really a ruse to get you to sign up for the timeshare talk so told them we were not interested in any of the shows and were just there on business. It worked and we received no hassles.Stayed in the Sage, which I think is one of the first bldgs built so we knew that things would not be brand new. Yes there is normal wear on some of the furniture but none of it looked ratty. It was quite nice. We had all the amenities needed. Only had to ask for more towels. Knew from reading this before hand that parking could be a problem, but we found plenty in the back of the building so never had an issue. Also from reading previous reviews we were aware that running the water in the jacuzzi is loud, it is!. and that moving the dining room chairs across the floor can be pretty noisy. Being on the top floor because we smoke, we had no problems with any noise above us and were careful to just lift the chair or move it quietly so as not to cause to much noise for anyone below us. I was worried that the blinds in the bedroom would not be dark enough for us to fall asleep at night, but we were always so tired that it did not matter! Renting a car is a good idea, and we had no problems driving up or down the strip. I just was not too happy with the poor lighting on the south strip at night. Never have had good night vision and it was a challenge at times to figure out the right lane would suddenly become a right turn only lane! I would say that if you are a first timer to Vegas, staying on the strip is a real treat. But having been before it did not bother us and we actually did spend more time at the SouthPoint. Although not the fanciest casino, it is not too bad. Ate quick sandwiches at the Del Mar Deli which were very good. The desert selection looked very yummy as well. Also had a couple of meals at the Cafe Coronado there and the food was quite good. Excellent Chinese food there!We had the lunch buffet at the Bellagio. I think the buffet at Paris is better. Spent way too much on dinner at Stacks in the Mirage, did not impress us, to me they were trying too hard to be &quot;the Place&quot;. Just costs you more! But if anyone is the least bit a Beatles fan, Love is soooo worth going to. You will hear things in their music you have never heard before. Visually entertaining as well. I would stay here again. Clean and a nice layout.	
May 23 2008 	Loved the Grandview	We were at the Grandview for a week earlier this month. We booked through RCI using points we have. We knew the location was not in the middle of the strip and we had read about parking problems. We never had a problem parking the car ...always found a spot even later at night...might have to walk a little bit but not far. We loved the fact that the South Point Casino was next door. They had a great breakfast buffet for 5.95 ..can't beat that and their evening buffet was 12.95 which was not bad either...they also have other restaurants to eat at which aren't too expensive. We were offered the timeshare tour at Grandview and decided not to do it...no pressure. All timeshares try to get you to tour their facility..they are in the business of selling units. This was our first timeshare stay in the US....we usually go to St. Maarten or Aruba. We were surprised that no one came into the room the entire week. You could call to get a change of towels or wash your own. Each unit has a washer and dryer. The one bedroom was about the size of a studio in Aruba...but how much time do you spend in your unit anyway? We use it as a place to sleep! The beds were very comfortable and so were the pillows. You do need a car to stay at the Grandview...but I feel anyone that does not rent a car in Vegas is cheating themselves out of seeing Hoover Dam, Red Rock Canyon, and Valley of Fire which are all spectacular and well worth driving to see. They were the highlight of the week and not the man-made hotels trying to outdo the other.	
May 23 2008	Unexceptable Behavior ! ! !	My family stayed at the Grand View in January 2008. It was a complete disaster! During that stay the entire hotel floor we stayed in flooded with dirty, smelly water. OUR SON WAS NEARLY ELECTRICUTED ! ! ! All of our electronics and some other items were completely ruined. To make matters worse, no one offered us any help at all. Their were people crying over an intercom system for help. It was completely awful and horrible. I will NEVER go to this hotel again and I would certainly NOT recommend that any one else stay there either. It is now almost June and no one from that hotel has called me back to apologize, let us know if the water was hazardous or not, or any thing. They did not offer us one simple apology for our ordeal. If anyone else stayed at the hotel during January and had a simular experience please contact me to talk about it because this behavior from the hotel is completely UNSATISFACTORY and UNEXCEPTABLE ! ! !	
May 19 2008 	Not okay	This property leaves a lot to be desired. Very much like a cheap apartment not a gold crown condominium. The two bedroomswould be like 2 one bedroom studios. Our unit had no complimentary shampoos, bubble bath, nor a facility guide likeamenities. They recommend a rental car (good idea) but parkingis scarce. If you are parking after 6 p.m. you'll be parking at the casino next door. the laundry room door in our unit was repaired poorly and the doors would barely close. The TV wouldn't work on the cable box and the unit was just not ready for occupancy. There are blackout drapes in the living room but not the bedrooms. I don't sleep in the living room. We did the time sharepresentation, but I told them I wouldn't buy it for $500.00 let alone the $24,000. I would stay at a strip hotel before I would stay here again. I've stayed at the Jockey Club, Grand Vacations at the Hilton, Harbour Lites, Portofino, and several other Blue Green properties and this one just don't cut it. We are doubtful of hearing back from management even though we left a summaryof the shortcomings upon check out. Stay here and form your own opinion and beware.	
May 19 2008 	A very nice place to stay!	We had a very nice time here. Yes it is away form the &quot;strip&quot; but for us that was a plus ( just be sure to rent a car). And if you gamble South Point Casino is just across the street. This is a time share resort (I didn't realize that until we got there), but unlike the other time share resorts we have stayed at, these people were very freindly and not pushy at all. I was asked about attending a presentation, I declined, and that was that. The rooms were very nice and very comfortable. The pool area was beautiful! The only thing I seen that needed improving was the parking. If you come back late you better be prepared to park somewhere away from your building. Don't take this wrong it wasn't that bad! If we go back, I would stay here again!!	
May 12 2008 	No Parking	We traded into Grandview from RCI through Wynfham for very few points, which should have warned us. Don't get me wrong, the accomodation was fine but the other problems preclude us from returning.We had decided to try staying off of the strip for the first time.And when I say off of the strip I mean off of the strip.The problem is that we like to visit strip casinos at night. Imagine. and when we return after midnight, there was no parking. The last night I think we parked three blocks away from our unit. With the construction going on it will only get worse.I seems to be a nice resort for a place to stay. My wif e says the pool area is lovely. But who goes to Vegas for the pool.We were very disappointed in the casino as well. It lacks variety and I think the slots are very tight.Also the $10 charge for use of the safe is BS. What happens if you don't pay the charge. Rob this room the safes not being used?Anyway, we will be staying on the strip from now on.	
May 6 2008 	horrible	Booked exchange through RCIThe room had cheap furniture and was not clean we stayed in a smoking room and couldn't beleive the smell.We during our stay never found a parking spot near our 12 story building had to walk about 1000 feet from parking at night with a room key that wouldn't allow us to cut through the pool thus the walk was quite a bit longer.Speaking of keys we went to the front desk 3 times to get keys to the gated pool and finally gave up, one morning after a late show the key did not work on the room.We were awakened to the sound of now 16 floor buildings going up before 8 am every day.The customer service sucked, they just pushed you out of the way so they could have the space for timeshare tours that they took in and out of our building 4 (lily) all day.Once at the pool (2 small pools for hundreds of units currently 9 buildings with 12 floors each) you can be stared at by thousands of timeshare tourers.I never complain and this is my first reveiw stayed at many timeshares never this bad.	
May 2 2008 	Horrible service!	When we arrived there they sent us to the &quot;VIP&quot; check in. I believe they thought we were suckers. That is where they tried to make us sign up for a 3 hour ordeal to sell us more time shares in this hotel and in the end they'll give us discounted tickets to local shows. After telling us all this we find out that there was a mix up in our reservations. They put us in their waiting room so they could fix it.I ended up falling asleep in there because we waited so long.Turns out that they forgot about us. We had to find someone to remind them that they left us in the freezing waiting room.Finally they gave us our room key, but only one of our rooms was ready for check in.At first glance the rooms are nice, but the closer you look things get ugly.The shower was disgusting. There was mildew all over the bottom, on the tiles and shower door. The shower head was tiny and the water pressure was way too low. Mind you they give you a shower large enough to fit 3 people in it.Our bed was absolutely disgusting. I couldn't believe it. There was hair all over one of the blankets. I didn't discover this until about 2 days before our check out. I know for a fact that they weren't my hairs and we certainly didn't have anyone else in the room.I LOVED the lights shining so brightly in our room all through the night. The blinds did a terrible job of blocking out light in the bedroom, but in the living room they had heavy curtains that made it dark constantly.The parking! You would think with all the rooms that they had there that they would provide at least one spot per room. It was horrible. 12 am and parking on the streets. The parking was the worst part of our stay.	
Apr 21 2008 	Long Time Owner...First Time Stay	We got this timeshare on our honeymoon in Vegas in '04. We didn't get a chance to stay there until 2007. It was a bit of a hassle actually booking our room, but we finally got it on a date sometime around our aniversary. We had to bring our son, but fortunately my mom came along to watch him, so my hubby and i could have some time alone. My first impression of the room was that it was better than i remembered it from '04. I was very impressed. but as the week went on i started noticing little things, like the wear on the furniture and the scuff marks on the bed spread. Also, when we ran the jacuzzi tub some gook came out of the jets. Still I tried to make the most of it. What I really wasn't feeling was some of the noise. The first night we got there the radio in the room next door just came on full blast in the middle of the night. it took a good hour to get someone from the staff to come up and go in the empty room to turn it off. turns out some jackcrack had set the radio alarm to go off with the volume full blast. what jerks. then off course there were the folks above us, who seemed to be moving furniture everynight between 11pm and 2 am. that even annoyed my hubby, who is usually pretty laid back. and of course there was the not really, but pretty much manditory meeting they had you go to so they could try to upsale to the owners. we were there for most of a whole day and, even though we did end up upgrading, it was mostly a waste of time to me. all in all the &quot;resort&quot; was pretty decent. i mean there's no way you could stay in an equivalent hotel in vegas for that amount for 4 people for a week. plus i liked that the south point casino is right across the street, so a couple nights we didn't even have to drive all the way down vegas blvd to the strip, we just walked across the street. also the restaraunt across the stree was really good and they give a 20% discount for those staying at the grandview. so all in all it was worth it.	
Apr 19 2008 	Excellent Place to Stay	My husband and I stayed at the Grandview for a week, Friday to Friday using an exchange week through RCI. I read with interest all previous reviews, keeping in mind complaints such as noise from construction, whirlpool tubs, scraping of chairs, noisy neighbours, lack of parking at various bldg. and pushy time share agents. We booked into the Iris Bldg, adjacent to the main registration bldg. Highly recommended. Units recently renovated, steps from Casino opposite and lots of parking (never had a problem finding space). Ask for unit overlooking the front as construction is at the back of the bldg. We did hear the occasional scraping of chairs, but floor is tiled and some noise can't be helped. People around us were very considerate re the whirlpool tub - Grandview has rules re usage (8 a.m. - 10 p.m only). Had no problem with time share agents. Just told them we were not interested and they left us alone.Overall: Definitely recommend renting a car for your stay. We never used bus service (we rented a car) but heard it was inconvenient and costly if you have a family. Really liked the location off The Strip, but only steps away from a really great Casino, South Pointe. We ate in two of the Casino restaurants (Garden Buffet and The Coronado) - both excellent value for money. Suggest you check them out. If you have a car, grocery shopping is only minutes from the Grandview. There is a Food 4 Less en-route from the airport and an Albertsons and Walmart close by.Facilities: Our one-bed unit was excellent. Very large with separate bedroom. Huge bathroom and shower - definitely built for wheelchair access. Kitchen is fully equipped and stocked with dish washing/dishwasher/laundry supplies. Tip: bring a universal sink plug (dollar store) as there is no plug in the bathroom sink. Pool at our bldg. was closed due to on-going, construction, but main pool was open with loads of sun loungers available. There are 2 pools - 1 used by children, the other by adults. There is also a small work-out room, quite adequate for a short stay (we did not use it). On-site grocery/cafe: There is a small grocery/cafe by main pool. They make salads/other small meals for take out at reasonable prices.	
Apr 17 2008 	Loved it.	Had a 2 bedroom for 6 people. That gave us 2 condo's, and it worked out great. Having 2 kitchens, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms gave us room to spread out. The condo was well equipped, beautifully furnished, and immaculate. Being across the street from the South Point Casino was a big bonus. We liked gambling there, and the casino appealed to everyone in the group. It also gave us flexibility to come and go as we pleased and to not have to always be there as a group.We had a rental car, so it was easy to visit the Strip or to run out to grab a bite to eat. If you are going to stay off the Strip, definitely recommend getting a car. Not sure how cost compares - we used RCI points to book. The only negative is the construction that is going on as part of the complex - the noise started at 7:00 am each day, so this would be frustrating if you're not an early riser.	
Apr 13 2008 	Not a great situation	The suite was great when walking through the door. Everything was clean and we were set for a great vacation...However, before 6:00 a.m. EVERY day, the loud construction started on the building next door. You deinitely couldn't sleep once this started.You could hear the hot tub in surrounding rooms during the &quot;quiet times&quot; of the night. It definiitely is loud enough to wake you from a solid sleep.There is NO shuttle service to the downtown strip so if you want to go, you pay over $30 for a cab (according to staff) or you ride the city bus (which was recommended by staff) So, took the city bus, took between 1 to 1 &amp; 1/2 hours every time we went to the strip. It was very very scary at night. I would not recommend taking the bus after dark. Plus who wants to waste 2 - 3 hours roundtrip in a nasty bus?If you like to sleep in a dark room, sleep in the livingroom. The bedroom has blinds which are useless.I feel bad for anyone who is on the way to the Grandview. Well, if you plan on staying at the hotel and swimming at the pool and not going into town it's not bad.....but if you're there for the strip, go elsewhere!	
Apr 11 2008	Great vacation !	My husband and I spent a week at the Grandview (Mar 28 - Apr 4, 2008). Overall acommodations were above average. Our unit was a 1 bedrm in the Primrose Bldg. Unit offered all that was needed.....bed linens could have been upgraded somewhat. Enjoyed the pool area. South Point Casino across the street was great. Good food, lots of gambling options, movie theatre and shows. We rented a car for the week so we picked up Groceries at Albertson's which is about a 3-4 minute drive East on Silverado Drive. Strip is about 6-7 miles from the Grandview. Not sure about the bus system as we didn't have to use it.....however we heard good and not so good reviews.Staff at the Grandview were very helpful and friendly. We were not pressured into a time share presentation, we were asked if we would like to sign up for a &quot;complementary breakfast / time share presentation&quot; for the next moring after we arrived. We politely declined and told them that if we decided that we wanted to do a time share pres we would be in touch with them .... that took care of that.The business center in the main bldg leaves a little to be desired as the room is shared with a childrens craft center. There are only 3 computers and always a line of people waiting to use them....room tends to be noisy. However, having said that we did use the computers and managed to get our work done....not a hugh problem.If you return back to the Grandview late in the evenings you may have to park out on the street as there are not enough parking spaces around the buildings...Parking in the street was not a problem for us, car was safe enough.Overall, we had a great vacation in Las Vegas and would return to the Grandview again.	
Apr 8 2008 	5 Year Anniversary	In celebration of our 5 years of marriage my wife and I decided to stay at the Grandview Las Vegas. We stayed the first week of April. Let me first start by saying we will definitely be coming back. The room was great! Felt like home away from home. We decided to hit the grocery store around the corner to stock up on a couple of things, so we did not have to eat out every meal. A great location right down from the strip, but if you want to gamble the South Point meets all your needs and is a stone thows away. I loved the low limit tables, along with the variety of slots. (Something for everyone) I did use the work out room, it is not that big, so I suggest getting in early. The pool was a little cold to swim in but it was nice to just lay out. The property is having some work done but it did not interfere with our stay at all. All and all we had a great trip and look forward to a return trip.	
Mar 29 2008 	First Family Vacation	So our first family vacation was in Las Vegas. Not a typical vacation spot for a 6 month old baby girl, but nevertheless, she did enjoy herself.The Grandview offered great accomodations and beautiful suites. I did read some negative reviews about the early morning construction and parking difficulties, but we did not encounter any such problems. The staff was efficient and friendly, the rooms were clean and well stocked. Our middle of the night arrival was met with friendly faces and no pressure to purchase a time share. We needed a play pen at 4 am for our little darling, and it was brought up to our room in about 10 minutes. It was great to have a full kitchen when you didn't want to go out, because let's face it, it gets tiring! The outlet mall was very close to the Grandview and we enjoyed a couple shopping days during our stay. We did rent a car, which made it easier to get around, so we did not experience any shuttle rides. If you're travelling with a family, I do recommend renting a car and reserving (in advance) a child car seat. Most car rental companies offer car seats on a first come, first serve basis.I would definately recommend the Grandview to young families travelling to Vegas. The amenities offered made it so much easier to travel with a baby.	
Mar 28 2008 	Pretty good place to stay if you want to stay off the strip :)	Let me begin by saying that I really trust the people who are taking the time to write reviews of the places they have stayed....I rely on them quite a bit when making travel plans...so I take it very seriously and want to provide as objective feedback as I can...We stayed for a whole week at the Grandview (they are a Vacation Village property and it was funny when i realized we actually stayed at a sister property in orlando a couple of years ago-this resort really reminded me of that one!).Our villa (a 1 bedroom) was very spacious and everything was NEW-in fact the guy who checked us in said the building was only 2 months old! The villas are very nice...we did a timeshare exchange within RCI to book this place and it is rated a Gold Crown resort-and i think it is a doing a pretty good job of that...although we also own a Westin timeshare that is really what i would consider 5 star!Overall our experience was good but there were a few things that could have made it even better...-children's activities list was not updated and there was confusion day to day as to what was going on and when-the resort claims to have an RCI office on site and they do have a space with an RCI sign on it but no one from RCI was ever there (not a big deal if you are not an RCI member but i was hoping to get to talk to someone just to ask some questions)-the complaints about parking on some of the other reviews were not experienced by us...we actually found no problem with the parking-there was construction going on right next to us-while this did not affect us during the weekends, mon-fri, we were awakened to the sounds of construction.-this is really picky i know but their towels were awful-they kinted all over the place...very annoying when you wear anything black!-the livingroom curtains has the &quot;hotel&quot; shades so that even when it is daylight you can make it feel like night...for some reason, they didn't put these in for the bedroom and alot of light comes through-because all they have are blinds in the room...we were facing the I-15 freeway and there is a huge neon sign advertising the casino next door that we just could't block the light....it was fine for me but my husband needs complete darkness to sleep!All the kitchen stuff is new and in good shape. There are grocery stores within minutes (driving). The buffets at the South point Casino next door are pretty good for the price...although i doubt you would want to go more than twice! :) The resort does try to get you to come in for a timeshare presentation and when we declined they were fine about it....they tried one more time but that was it.The pool area is nice and for this time of year it accomodated everyone that wanted to be there...as it gets warmer--i think it may seem a little small. it would have been nice if the little market next to the pool would allow you to put things on your room bill-same thing with the kids activities...they all want you to pay separately...just need to make sure you always have money with you!Again...I think this is a pretty good place to stay...it is away from the strip and it is good for families for sure...away from all the hub bub of the strip. It is also conveniently located a minute away from the I-15. I hope this was helpful!	
Mar 26 2008 	Great Place !!!.......Enjoyed our stay!	We stayed at the Grandview in Mid-March and did not experience any of the issues that past reviews had talked about. We stayed in &quot;Iris&quot; and had a great 1 bedroom unit that appeared to be very new and seemed to be very clean. The first night we had a little noise from some kids in the whirlpool tub next door, but as the sign asked, they were quite by 10:00pm. The rest of our stay we didn't return until midnight or later and we had no problem finding a parking space. Granted, we didn't get the front row, but we found parking in our building's lot. Since, we had a car we had no problem that Grandview is a few miles from the Strip. It is so convenient to jump onto I-15 and go to the Strip or Downtown. All of the Casino's have free parking. We didn't want to deal with Valet, so we just parked in the &quot;self parking&quot; ramps or lots that each casino had. Never had a problem and it was quick and easy. I would recommend not dealing with Las Vegas Blvd. The best way is I-15 to the cross street you need, such as Tropicana or Flamigo. If you go Downtown, just follow the signs. The casino next door was great. It's new, spacious and the food was good. The only complaints about our unit were; the hot water was too hot! If we had kids along it would have been dangerous. Also, we would have liked to have seen some efforts in recycling. No indication of a place to recycle cans, bottles, etc..... We had a great stay and would stay there again.	
Mar 24 2008 	Cheap Stay Large Rooms No Parking Several Problems	I found the Grandview to be an incredible value and was willing to accept many of the limitations that I had found from researching it. I was able to book it for $52/night (with a 4 or 5 night minimum), directly through the hotel. &quot;It was about 6 miles south of the strip.&quot; No problem, I had a rental car. It took 10-15 minutes to get just about anywhere on The Strip. &quot;It didn't include daily housekeeping.&quot; No problem. &quot;Parking might be a problem.&quot; What an understatement!When I booked, I was supposed to get 500 AA miles per night. I entered the code provided and my AA#. The miles never posted, and so far I haven't been able to get them.The suites were large and functional (with a full kitchen). We didn't utilize the kitchen much. The suites are 800 sq. ft., which is huge for almost anywhere but Vegas. In Vegas, they're just &quot;big&quot;. Many rooms in &quot;normal&quot; Vegas hotels are in the 400-650 sq. ft. range, so it's not that much bigger. It was far more &quot;plain&quot; than most Vegas hotels.Parking was a problem, particularly after about 10pm. On most nights, I had to park quite a ways from the building I was in. On one night, I circled the entire complex for almost an hour (and there were probably a dozen others doing the same thing). There were NO parking places anywhere. An RV was parked, taking up FIVE spots. Many were parked on the street or illegally. I wasn't going to park on the street. I wasn't going to park at the hotel/casino next door. I wasn't going to park illegally or in a &quot;check-in&quot; spot. Nothing opened up. I parked at &quot;check-in&quot; and went in to the lobby to complain. I told them about the RV. They said it shouldn't be there and that they would take care of it. I continued to circle. Nothing. I finally squeezed into a partial spot next to the RV (which was taking up about 1/3 of the spot). The next morning, the RV was still there. They never did anything about it. It was in the same spot for several days.The Jacuzzi tub in the room would have been nice, but there were signs up saying not to use them after 10pm. Who's in the room by 10pm?On checkout day, about 15 minutes before checkout time, I was just finishing packing. I was waiting to put my clothes on until the last thing so I wouldn't wrinkle my clothes. The housekeeper barged in, without even knocking!!! How totally unprofessional!I will still consider The Grandview on future stays in Las Vegas, but only if I can't find anything else for even close to the same price.	
Mar 22 2008 	Fantastic spot! But...	Could not ask for a nicer spot But...... the only two things that drag this resort down is:1) After 11pm good luck in finding a parking spot! You will probably have to park at the South Point Casino next doorif you get back after 11pm! And guess what this is Vegas baby! You won't get back until afterward 11pm if you are under 55yo.2) Do not expect quick response from management if you e-mail them with any questions you will probably have to e-mail twice. I feel everyone is much too busy through the day trying to sell tell shares. If you are up early you can watch all the mercedes rolling in taking up precious spots at the front near the office and &quot;Sage&quot; building. They appear to me to be the time share closers. Do not take me wrong, other than parking and response time by e-mail it is a great spot to stay if you have a rental car or your own. (about 15 min from the action on the strip). Scott L	
Mar 20 2008 	Off the Beaten Track	This property would not have been my first choice in Las Vegas. It's about 6-7 miles from the southern-most strip hotels (Mandalay Bay, Tropicana). But, I was amazed to see the growth out there. My stay was for business and the rooms served well for our small group meetings. We definitely needed a car for evening dinners, etc. The beds, pillows, linens were not what I would expect of a timeshare. My expectation was higher than what was found in my room. Marriott vacation properties provide much higher quality appointments all the way around. Overall, it seemed as though The Grandview was built quickly, cheaply, and was appointed with economy/low moderate furnishings, beds, and linens. Renovations, then, will need to happen sooner, if to remain competitive and attractive.Taxi service is hard to come by. I needed a cab to the airport and was told to go next door to the neighboring casino hotel. Following their advice I went next door and waited 35 minutes for a cab.Will I stay here again? Hmm--not sure. I'd opt to stay in other locations first, but I might consider it, if the rates are suitable.	
Mar 14 2008 	Easy problem free beautiful place to stay.	I recently stayed at the Grandview for a 4 day &quot;Girls weekend&quot;.3 of us shared a 1 bedroom suite and have no complaints about the facility. The rooms were amazingly clean and well stocked with anything we might need.Since we were 3 girls, noone even approached us for a sales pitch.One of our parties flight was significantly delayed and the staff was very accomodating with her next day check in into our suite.Coffee was supplied to us for free for room use, and there is also a continental breakfast type layout in the lobby in the mornings.We loved the tub, and even with 3 girls at the bathroom mirrors, we did not feel crowded.We spent a fair amount of time next door at the southpoint casino and can find nothing bad to say about it. it was nice to be able to walk back to our room in a few moments at 5am after a significant amount of alcohol.So the downside.... the pull out couch is completely uncomfortable. however the couch when put together is more comfortable than my bed at home.City provided shuttle service is not as reliable as it is made to sound, but we were happy to pay $20-25 for a taxi to the strip to get there fast. And we decided that we had still saved money with the low cost of our room at the Grandview. (we would have spent an extra $300 to stay in one of the &quot;strip hotels&quot; and did not spend that much in taxi fare)Overall, we were impressed with our stay.So much so infact, that I have a trip with my husband and children planned in the near future and have already booked our Grandview stay!	
Mar 13 2008 	Great Stay in Vegas	The Grandview provides nice condo style accomodations(off strip) with just the right level of activity/privacy. We used the resort through an exchange deal with our timeshare. I read the reveiws posted in advance and was prepared for a few problems with check in but found everyone very willing to accomodate all requests. The rooms were decorated quite nicley and the kitchen had most everything one needs to fix a quick meal for vacation dining. We called the service desk when we couldn't get the TV to work and within ten minutes a great young man had us all fixed up---he simply put the right remote into my husband's hand! The bathrooms had whirlpool tubs which was one of the real pleasures of this trip for me. The resort is located across the street from a new casino which has several nice dining choices. Resort pools were clean and nicly appointed but a bit cold for our stay in February. No problem, we really took advantage of the hot tubs (two) and enjoyed visiting with the other guests. I think there are shuttle services available for the shoppoing areas and to the casino strip but we just never connected with them. We had rented a car and used this for our trips about town. Cabs from downtown to the resort run about $25 one way which seemed a bit steep for the short trip but this was Vegas after all. I was not aware there were no houskeeping services offerred in general and so you have to call for fresh towels or linens as needed. But this was no big problem unless you are pretty spoiled by true resort services. The Grandview has a big parking problem. There is simply not enough resort parking for the guests who have cars to park. They know this and have started a major expansion for their guests. A few RV's took up 15 spaces alone and should have been made to park in the trailer area. The resort is secure with key entry only. Lots of nice shopping malls and outlet style complexes. And there were two grocery stores just down the road with a nice variety of produce as well as typical fridge and cupboard stock. Yes, we were asked to accept a timeshare presentation. We accepted just to hear more about the resort and all the building going on around the place. We had a very nice tour guide, breakfast, and got to see Mama Mia in the mix. Aside from the resort...if you are going to Vegas and have a chance to see Terry Fator at the Hilton GO! This is the guy who won America's Got Talent. He providede an hour and forty-five minutes of constant top notch entertainment. I am not a big Las Vegas fan in general, I don't gamble. I like the shows and the sites. But the Grandview was worth the trip and we hope to visit it again. Sincerely, Dixie	
Mar 9 2008 	Customer Service? Safety issues? Parking spots? Follow-up?	Our family flew to Las Vegas, NV last week to attend my oldest son’s Wedding. We arrived on February 24, 2008 and registered at the Grandview Las Vegas. There were no pickup courtesy vehicles, shuttles or vans for the Grandview at the airport like other hotels were providing for arriving guests. Upon arrival, the couteous cab driver dropped us off and our luggage at the door, we paid him, and my son saw that there were two 20 - 22 year old bell captains, in the doorway of the registration building using luggage carts. He proceeded to ask one of them where we could get one of the carts to place our luggage. In a very irritable tone of voice one of them stated that “this is mine and you can’t have it”. They then just kept on talking with each other and walking through the parking area. I wish one of them could tell us where we could go to secure one. We just wanted to use a cart to place our luggage on for the purpose of checking into the resort. I am disabled and requested a room for the handicap. The young lady who greeted us from behind the counter at about 7:00 P.M. stated that “all of the rooms in the building are the same there is no need for that type of room”. My son wandered around and found a cart, pushed it towards the entrance door of our building, we saw no helpful disabibilty type ramps on the way. We rode the elevator up to the 7th floor, checked out our facilities for our week long stay. Clean enough, no problems. We noticed that the shower stall step which is low enough to get in/out of but we also saw that there is no safety type of grab bar (a violation of the ADA), no type of sitting stools in the stall, no shelves to hold shampoo, hair conditioner, shaving equipment, or soap. Everything has to be placed on the floor. Thank God, the floor wasn’t slippery when wet. Later that evening, my son and his future wife had to take a cab back to the airport to rent a van for transporting all of us for the week long stay. The first night, he had to park the van in front of the lobby where we checked in because there were no parking spots anywhere near our building. The next morning we noticed just about three parking spaces for the handicapped in the doorway of our building. I am the only person attending that brought along my handicap display card from Wisconsin. There are approximately 12 floors with at least 10 or more rooms on each floor per building, with five such buildings. The construction noise was apparent because they are in the midst of expanding for more buildings on the grounds. We were given a guest card upon check-in to be placed on our rented vehicle windshield for security purposes. On one day alone, I counted at least six vehicles, taking up valuable parking spaces for paying guests at the resort. I was with the Wedding party most of the time in the van, my wife, son and future daughter-in-law never got a handicap space all the time we were there.  During our week stay we had the opportunity to speak with other guests we had invited to my son’s Wedding. At least seven other families and some individuals stayed at the same location and in different buildings. Everyone of them had the same type of comments concerning the shower stalls, noise, the lack of handicap parking spots in the facilities. Many of us had seen the abuse of automobiles, trucks and vans without the guest cards on the dashboards throughout the week. Where’s the security? Unauthorized vehicles should have been towed away to make room for those paying guests. Some of the employees were very nice people and offered help whenever we requested. I feel that there is a need for the lack of safety measures to be looked at and disabled parking spots should be increased in number. As I stated, I never did see any type of ramp for wheelchairs on the grounds.  After calling RCI on 3/7/08 to register my comments, I got the name of the contact person who is Tamara Valerio – Administrator of the resort. I called her on 3/8/08 at just about 10:15 a.m. – CST. As of yet – 3/9/08 at 11::00 a.m.- I have received no reply. This is a true review of our stay.	
Mar 9 2008 	Not impressed	My husband and I stayed at the Grandview from Feb 28 - Mar 7, 2008. We had booked at the Grandview by exchanging a week with RCI. Check in was done efficiently even though it was 2am. The receptionist was super-friendly and helpful. The next morning our phone rang and we were asked to come down to the main desk. We were greeted by a young man who wanted to invite us to an introductory breakfast and for that he would give us a $100 coupon for a meal in Vegas. We were immediately suspicious and asked if this was a time-share presentation. He said no just an overview of what was going on in Vegas. As we were unfamiliar with Vegas, we finally agreed to go. We asked several times &quot;Is it a presentation?&quot;. Several times we were told no. When we showed up for the &quot;breakfast&quot; we were met by a representative who was about to take us on a tour of the property. We said we thought we were attending a breakfast meeting. She informed us that it was a time-share presentation. At that point we said thank you but no and walked away with a bad taste in our mouths. Our 1 bed suite was mainly acceptable, although not up to the standard of our ownership resort. My major complaint was the dirty bedroom carpet - not fit to walk around on in bare feet.After paying $25 for the taxi ride from the airport (we had been told by the Grandview staff before we arrived that there would be a shuttle available - not true) we decided to rent a car. There was rarely any parking at our building, but we were fortunate to be close to the main office and so parked there.The closest grocery store is a couple of miles away and as we were attending a conference and time was tight, we just walked across the street to the South Point Casino complex and ate breakfast at the Buffet there. It was cheap ($6 a person) and there was a good variety of food.Before leaving we spoke to the Guest Services Manager and explained what had happened about the mis-represented time-share presentation. He had us fill in a customer satisfaction report and finally gave us back the deposit my husband had given for the 'breakfast' we didn't get. We also returned the 'free' bottle of wine we had been given. We loved Vegas and would go back there, even though we are not gamblers, but would NOT stay at the Grandview.	
Feb 29 2008 	Great Resort the Price!! A Definite Keeper!!	Arrived at the hotel on Saturday evening. Check-in went smoothly. No harrassment about a resort/timeshare presentation, so I guess the trick to avoiding that is a late check-in. Room accommodations were more that expected for the price. Priceline was a great value at under $80 bucks a night!! Keep checking back if you don't initial price first time. Hotel had come up unavailable on several prior searches but got online on a Saturday morning and there it was for a great price....could not believe my eyes!Living room/kitchen well equipped. Jaccuzzi tub was heavenly. The bedding could have been a little more comfortable for a resort. I am a Starwood owner and I guess I have been spoiled by the Heavenly Beds that they have at their properties.Parking was fine each night we arrived back to our room and most nights we got back to the resort not earlier than 10 pm. The only problem we had while there was our circuit breaker kept going out a couple of times. So we would have to call maintenance to come reset.All in all, a wonderful stay. Would definitely stay again! I have already recommended it to everyone that I know. SO, believe all the good reviews and take the bad ones with a grain of salt.	
Feb 23 2008 	Do Not Stay Here If You Want To Park Your Car	We booked this hotel through my mom's RCI time share network. It was free for us for a week.The room was a nicely decorated 1 bedroom with a jacuzzi tub and sleeper sofa with full kitchen and washer/dryer in unit. That is the positive side of things.Upon check in they make you go to a 2nd staff member(salesperson) for a &quot;parking pass.&quot; Here they try to get you to sign up for the time share breakfast presentation under the ruse they will give you 1/2 off tickets to certain shows. When I told her we were set for our show tickets she turned nasty and rude to me. We were out to Las Vegas with our 2 young children to visit friends and the area. Every night we returned to our building there was not 1 parking space in the ENTIRE complex of approx. 6 high-rise buildings. My husband would have to drop me and my sleeping kids off at our building and walk in approx. 1/4 mile from the closest parking spot. My kids were upset and crying that he had to walk so far and alone in the dark. I truly believe they are too worried about selling time shares than accomodating the guests that they have. The location of this resort makes it nearly a necessity to have a car to get anywhere. The resort takes an occasional trip to 1 specified place daily, but no shuttle other than that. I also phoned in ahead to make sure the pool was heated as i was told it was. When my excited kids got to the pool, it was frigid, dirty and had tree branches lying in the bottom of it. My best part of our entire trip was when we left the resort for 2 days and drove to San Diego and stayed in wonderful accomodations. The staff here just stared at everyone when you went in to complain about the parking situation. It was every single night, not just one exceptionally busy time. Our unit also overlooked the construction site where even more building is taking place where they can't accomodate parking. Upon checkout, no one asks you how your stay was-they truly don't want to know. I did read the reviews ahead ot time and should have listened- I figured how bad could it be for free? STAY AWAY- I would have much rather paid top dollar and stayed somewhere that was concerned for you and your family's comfort!	
Feb 19 2008 	Vegas with a baby? It CAN be done!!	This is the second trip to Vegas for my wife and myself in as many years, and this time around we brought our 6 month old daughter with us. Last time we stayed in The Cliffs at Peace Canyon via an RCI exchange, this time we figured we'd try its newer sister resort, Grandview at Las Vegas. We were not disappointed.Check in was quite easy. However, we weren't impressed with the immediate attempt to get you to attend a presentation. With our situation, we had gotten there later, we were tired from the flights, we were hungry and had grocery shopping ahead of us yet (so we would have something in the condo to eat the next morning), our luggage didn't make the connection and hadn't arrived yet, and we had a screaming, exhausted baby to boot. They should really wait at least a day until people are settled in properly to try their pitch. It's only courteous.They try to lure you in with a free bottle of wine. Take it at your own risk. They're pretty good once you say no; they don't twist your arm like most places do. Even if you're owners at another resort, they'll still try to upgrade you somehow from what you already own. It doesn't matter to them one way or another.The condo itself was very nice. The TV didn't work properly; they were on it. The DVD player didn't read our DVD's at all; they got us a new one in 15 minutes. They have a crew of people around the resort with walkie-talkies, like cops on the beat, that respond to problem calls around the clock. Now THAT'S service!The other problems we experienced were minor. There is not exactly a lack of parking. Rather, it's just other guests parking in front of your building. At night when you get back from your activities, you may have to drive a little further from your building to find parking, and then walk a little, be it through the pool area or wherever to get between the buildings to get to your building. There is still enough parking for everyone, it's just spread out everywhere. We thought the kitchen could have used more utensils - if you have a larger family, you will not have enough bowls, plates, utensils, etc. to get you through the day without having to hand wash them once (and we go on vacation to try to get away from doing that if at all possible). And there were no balconies on these buildings. We missed having a balcony. This is a big thing that the Cliffs at Peace Canyon has over this place.The accounts of the units and pictures are accurate - this is a very nice place to stay. South Point next door is very handy - the buffets were half the price than anything you'll find on the Strip, and they were better (made the Grand Buffet at the MGM a total rip-off! Stay off the Strip if you want value for your dining!!).And yes, we were very impressed with our daughter on her very first trip. She travelled very well and sat through the shows extremely well. She even looked like she was enjoying them!! I generally wouldn't recommend bringing young kids to Vegas, but if you do, there are many shows and attractions that they will enjoy. Las Vegas does have a little something for everyone.	
Feb 11 2008	Very clean off the main strip	Very nice hotel. We stayed there for a week and the only true complaint we had was that our DVD player didn't work. One quick call to the front desk and it was fixed within 10 minutes. The room was very open and had everything we needed. It is a bit of a distance from the main strip, so if you have a car you should be OK, free parking at most of the casino's, I'd recommend the Paris, pretty easy to get in and out of and right in the middle. The Southpoint casino is also right across the street. Not a bad casino, the slots seem to be a little tight and I didn't have the best of luck on the tables, but I did see some people do quite well. I would definitely stay at the Grandview again.	
Feb 10 2008 	A Great Deal	We stayed a week at the Grandview Las Vegas because of the great package price we found on Hotdeal. Many reviewers mentioned a high pressure sales presentation to sell you a time share. We avoided this by saying up front the trip was a business trip and wearing a business logo shirt. This made the entire check-in very fast and friendly with no-hassle. The unit has a fully equipped kitchen including frying pans and dishes. Food can be purchased nearby at the 'Food 4 Less' store North of the location. Earlier reviews mentioned free DVD borrowing at the front desk or from guest services. This has been discontinued. There is a DVD player on the main TV in the living room, a Blockbuster is about two miles East of the location. Also several area McDonald's now have a red box DVD vending machine with $1 rentals. The pool area (two pools) is secure and has a nice waterfall. A large round in ground hot tub is also available to use.SouthPoint casino is just across the road to the North of the complex. They have maybe six places to eat including an oyster bar.  For cheap eats try the Golden Gate 99 cent shrimp cocktail downtown (validate parking at the Golden Nugget), or try the great $6.99 steak dinner (ask for it , not on menu) at Ellis Island (behind Ballys on Koval), these deals can't be beat 24/7. We loved the Grandview hotel for it's value and location, and hope this deal is still availabe next time we travel to Vegas. The photo's everyone else has posted are accurate, room was very clean.	
Jan 25 2008	Awesome place!!!	I love this place! and so did the rest of my family! We rented 2 side by side 1-bdrm units (using RCI points) and it was well worth my RCI points. The place is far enough away from the craziness of the strip, but yet, close enough for us to go there everyday to walk and look around. The only problem, very minor, we had was lack of parking space, especially at night. But I'm sure that will be resolved once the other buildings go up and more parking lots created. I can't wait to go back in the summer when they have the swimming pool and playground installed in the back. We stayed in the &quot;Jasmine&quot; building, which I was told, had only been opened like 3 weeks!	
Jan 19 2008 	Great Stay	We just got back from a week at the Grandview and it was an amazing stay. Check in was a breeze with no hassle about the time share presentation ( It probably helped that we checked in at midnight). We had a top floor room in the Lily building with a view of the pool and, beyond that, a view of construction in progress. The room itself was clean and well appointed, great big tub for two, double shower and tasteful decoration. As for noise from neighboring units, there was none. We did the time share presentation midweek and it was worth it for the freebies. They do a hard sell so be prepared but be polite. Transportation turned out to be no big deal, we caught a CLS shuttle at the airport for eight bucks a piece round trip and made it to the Grandview in 15 minutes. We set out the next day on the CAT, Vegas' mass transit system. Caught the 117 between Grandview and South Point and rode to the South Transfer Station. It takes about 45 minutes to get there but there are ample opportunities along the way to pick up groceries, liquor and it stops at the Vegas Outlet Mall. From the transfer station it's a short ride on the Deuce, the double decker busses, to the strip. We traversed the entire strip from Mandalay Bay to Fremont Street over the course of the week. The Deuce stops at every attraction along the way and a five dollar day pass covers all mass transit throughout the city. We used the CAT system to hit the Zappos outlet on Maryland and rode that route to the downtown station to catch the Deuce back again. We ended up catching the bus to the airport which is a ten minute ride on the109 from the south transit station. The staff at the Grandview were very cordial and helpful, security was always visible and maintenence was quick and helpful with a malfunctioning lock. We will definitely stay at the Grandview again.	
Jan 17 2008 	A great place to stay in Vegas yet away from the crowds.	My wife and I stayed at the Grandview from Jan 5 to 12 in 2008; we traded one of our RCI weeks for this location, and we glad we did. In general, it was a great place to stay.The resort is composed of several high-rise towers (about 13 stories high). Most of the the rooms are lockout connecting rooms, so if you are two families, you can stay next to each other. At the time we stayed there, there were 4 towers in operation, and another was being built. I understand more are to be built in the future. We stayed in room 708A of the Sage building, which overlooked the pool area and which is the closest building to the main desk building. While some people have commented on paper thin walls, we did not hear anything from any nearby rooms. However, because of the tiled floors in the dining and kitchen areas, the movement of chairs on the floor above us could be heard at times, and was rather loud. But since we spent most of the time outside the resort, it was not a real problem for us. I would recommend taking along one of those white noise generators for sleeping - we have one an take it with us on every trip; it completely blocks out all external noises and allows us to get a good night's sleep.The resort is relatively new and clean. We were very pleased with our accommodation. The staff were friendly, but not that helpful when it came to assisting with outside events.. for example, we had wanted to see 'the bone yard', which required advance reservations, and the staff refused to get involved for us. There appeared to be a lot of staff in the main lobby, however, most were sales people, aggressively trying to sell us a unit. And I do mean aggressively! If you have no intention of buying, avoid them at all costs. Vegas, like other real estate in the country, is on the downswing, thanks in part the subprime mortgage crisis. While there is a lot of expansion in Vegas, property values are low right now, and it is difficult to unload a timeshare there.Speaking of expansion, my GPS was practically useless there.. many of the newly developed areas were not on my GPS maps. Gives you an idea how fast Vegas is growing.The living room has a large TV, although it is a CRT, not the newer flat panel screens. Same in the bedroom. Lots of cable channels to choose from. The kitchen is well equipped with all the expected appliances and utensils. There is even a garburator in the sink. The resort supplied complimentary coffee for our coffee machine. The main bedroom is also large, with a good firm queen size bed, and lots of storage space. Just off the bedroom, and between the washroom, is a Jacuzzi tub. Lots of hot water was available. The washroom is large, with two wash sinks and lots of counter top space. Also storage drawers and cupboards under the sinks. A hairdryer is included on the wall. The shower stall was large, almost twice the size of a normal shower stall, and had glass walls and door. All lights in the unit were compact fluorescents that even worked in 3-level intensity. Unfortunately, the worst lit room was the kitchen, which has rather dim pot lamps in the ceiling. Each unit has individual heating and air-conditioning controls. And each unit also has a clothes washer and dryer – very handy!Although we were told the resort was fully occupied for the week, we saw very few people. The temperatures were low.. about 2C at night, and 10C during the day - so it was definitively not the type of weather to sit out by the pool. They did have two hot tubs outside in the pool area, but the water was more luke warm than hot. We chose to use the hot tub in the room instead. At poolside, there is a small deli/convenience store, which is open most of the day. There is also an indoor gym/workout room next to the deli, however I have nothing to say about it since we did not use it.The resort is located about 6 miles south of the main strip. A car is highly recommended. They did have a shuttle bus that could take you up to the strip, but it cost about $8 per person per day,. There is also a city bus that runs down to the resort area, but you need to transfer to another bus once you get to the strip area. There is also a shuttle running to and from the strip from the SouthPoint Casino across the street.Speaking of car rentals, there is a new central car rental area for the airport, and it is run very efficiently. A common shuttle bus runs from it to the airport and back. All the major car rental companies are in the same building, which is located south of the airport away from the heavy traffic of the strip. Renting a car there and driving down to the Grandview is just a few minutes. Between the airport and the Grandview on Las Vegas Boulevard, there are a number of places to eat, as well as a large Food For Less store for groceries and other items, as well as a well stocked Discount Liquor store.There is a Las Vegas information building directly across the street from the new car rental building. However, it appeared to have very little 'information', and seemed to be more of a sales agent building to get you to buy timeshares. Anytime they ask if you are married or how long you are in town, beware! Our friends came up the answer, &quot;Yes, we are married, but not to each other.&quot; That seemed to turn off the sales agents! The best information building I found in Vegas is across the street from the Convention Centre (at Paradise and Convention Drive), located on the west side under the walkway over Paradise.The whole area around the Grandview is newly built up, including the large SouthPoint Casino/Hotel directly across the street. It is about a one minute walk from the Grandview.. great for gambling and loading up on the free drinks, since you don't have to drive back. And being a casino off the main strip, the minimum bet on most tables is just $5.. not 15 or 25 like many of the large casinos on the strip. The SouthPoint also has a great breakfast and dinner buffet at very reasonable prices.While the Grandview advertises wireless internet in every room, there is a charge, and it is not cheap. About $8 a day, or $50 for the week. They do have free internet terminals in the activity room off the main lobby, but there are only 3 terminals and they tend to be rather busy most of the time, despite a timer on each one that limits usage to 20 minutes per session. There are also a couple of Ethernet jacks in this room, so you can bring your notebook down there and connect for free (bring an Ethernet cable with you!)The resort complex appears to be fairly secure; at night the buildings are well lit and locked down, and your need your room key to enter the building. I saw security personnel patrolling the grounds. Despite this, I saw one incident of a car break-in one morning - the car window was smashed and the police were taking a statement from the owner. I decided to not keep my GPS or anything of value in the car overnight.In summary, we found our stay at the Grandview very pleasant. It was away from the main strip, yet close enough for us to get to easily. I would definitely return there and would recommend it.	
Jan 17 2008	Loved it - going back in May	We stayed at the Grandview during the CES convention Jan 4 - 11, 2008. We had a suite overlooking the pool area. The furnishings were new, the bathroom is huge - there is a separate area for the whirpool tub, and the bathroom has a shower, toliet and double sink. The kitchen is a nice feature, and we used the washer and dryer. The hot tub outside was very nice and we used it a few times late at night. The pool was open - but too cold for us to get in. A great thing is that it is just a few minutes walk over to South point. We had several meals there and also could gamble at night and just walk &quot;home.&quot; I've booked again for May for a girls week.	
Jan 13 2008 	The Grandview was awesome!!	There was 6 of us who stayed at The Grandview at Las Vegas for 6 nights and we were all very impressed with our suites. We stayed in the Iris Tower on the 12th floor. The suites are clean, roomy, comfortable, the whirlpool tub is fabulous, the bed is awesome, and the kitchen is handy to have, same with the washer/dryer!! The only thing was that the maid did not come daily, and when she did it was a fast clean, but the suites were very clean anyways and they do supply you with enough soap, towels etc for a few days. I was amazed that the outdoor pool and hot tub was open till midnight, and very warm!! There was construction beside us, but it wasn't to bad at all. You don't go to Vegas for a relaxing holiday anyways. There is a free shuttle across the street at South Point Casino and that will take you to Mandalay Bay Hotel, from there you can get on the free Tram that will take you to New York or Luxor Hotels, then there's the Deuce bus that's on the strip for $2.00. We used that and rented a car as well. The restaurants in the South Point Casino were very good, you must try the buffett, and be hungry!!!! Huge selection of food!! It was an awesome trip and I didn't think I would go back to Vegas for a long while, but we will be planning it again in about 3 years. Lots to do and see!!!!	
Jan 9 2008 	I like the Grandview a lot!	With some minor exceptions, I always enjoy my stay at the Grandview, and I've stayed there 3 times so far. They are all newer buildings with very nice one bedroom apartments. The units are in pairs and can be combined into two bedroom units for larger families. The weird thing is that there is one hallway door, then two doors inside a small foyer, each one leading to a unit. If you're utilizing both units, you can leave the inside doors open and only open and close the door to the hallway. However, if you're alone or a small family and are only using one unit as I always do, you have to open two doors with your key to get into your unit each time and it gets old, especially if you're carrying things. The units themselves are large, quiet and clean with brand new furnishings and appliances, nice sized kitchen, and a large jetted tub off the bedroom. The king size beds are firm and comfortable, although the foam pillows are so thick that your neck might hurt in the morning. Maid service is typical for a timeshare - once per week with a midweek towel replacement and trash emptying. Haven't used the pool or hot tub, but I've heard other guests say they were clean and the hot tub was nice and hot. The small food/refreshment store isn't open very late, but it's adequate. I recommend going to the Food 4 Less just a bit north on Las Vegas Blvd. and stocking up your kitchen. Two tips: first, when checking in, they send you to a another counter for your parking pass and to try to sign you up for a sales pitch. I tell them I'm in town on business and then they don't attempt to give me the pitch. Second, don't stay on the west side of building #8 - the early morning construction noise starts early. Overall, I give a big thumbs up to the Grandview.	
Jan 8 2008 	Had A Fabulous Time	My dad and I had a two bedroom condo for the Thanksgiving Holiday. It was extremely spacious and was stocked with more than we needed. We had a wonderful, fabulous time. This place is beautiful, extremely clean and housekeeping is just great. The staff is willing to do whatever they can to make the stay enjoyable. We will be going back for Christmas 2008. If they had a restaurant onsite it would be even better. However, it is right next door to South Point Casino and they have plenty of restarants available. Would recommend Grandview any day of the week.	
Jan 3 2008 	great hotel	our family was there over the Christmas holiday. After reading many reviews about this hotel I was very hesitant about staying, but I had not control of our accomodations as they were may by a friend. Most reviews gripped about the sales people &amp; location of the hotel. The hotel was located about 10 mins from the strip. There are many restaurants within driving distance if you fancy Thai, Japanese or even buffalo wings. There is an Albertsons a couple miles away. When we checked in I noticed the timeshare sales dept was closed for the holidays, so I was very happy about that. The front desk was like a circus, kind of all over the place. But I admit the front desk was very casual, but friendly.We stayed in the Iris building. The room was very nice &amp; the kitchen had all the luxuries of home. A couple negative things about the room were the walls were very small. I couple hear people talking next door at 1am &amp; also when they dragged their chairs across the floor. Also sadly we could smell cigarette smoke on our non-smoking floor. Our neighbors next door were smoking in their room daily &amp; the smoke was seaping into our room. We complained to the staff &amp; the front desk a couple times. Nothing as done. Also the bathroom door, in our suite, wouldnt lock properly. So it was easy for others to walk in when you thought it was locked. There was no turndown or maid service either. You have to throw your own trash away down the trash cute located on each floor. There was plenty to do for the kids within driving distace, like Shark Reef(Mandalay Bay), M&amp;M World &amp; Ethel M Chocolate Factory. Just remember you are in Vegas so there is a LOT Of cigarette smoke so its not good if you have small kids or asthma. One big disappointment was many restaraunts were closed on Christmas Eve &amp; Day on the strip. Over all, a very nice stay.	
Jan 2 2008 	Mixed Reviews	Our flight was delayed and we did arrive at 3am. The agent was very nonchalant. She didnt provide any explanation about the resort and placed a bunch of papers in our handsand sent us to a room that was not cleaned and appeared to either have an occupant, or the person just left. .Thankfully no one was in the room or that would have been a mess. The agent who checked us in seemed annoyed but a guard was accomodating and bought us a new key to our new room.That night was cold and we had no heat or hot water. The room was freezing. Maintenance worked hard to replace a broken heating system which took a considerable amount of time. They offered us no concessions for our trouble and needless to say &quot;WE ARE OWNERS.&quot; The hot water came on afterwards. Just be prepared that you are a distance from the strip and the so-called shuttle is run by vegas.com. It doesn't come regularly and you will have to wait a considerable amount of time. Also, try not to book your tours at the Grandview because they get a big commission for making a phone call that you can do on your own.The room was spacious and can house 4 people comfortably. Any more than that would be crowded. Dont bother going on the free tours that they offer-it is a waste of time if you are limited. They are trying to sell more spots and can become pushy.I think they need more accomodations for guests such as shuttles, info etc...Otherwise the staff was friendly and accomodating.	
Jan 1 2008 	Away from the strip - but a real gem!	Our family of four stayed for 5 days over Christmas 2007. Note, our kids are 20 and 22 and had a real blast but I do not recommend young kids in Las Vegas! The young children we saw (and their parants) looked miserable. If you have young children, go to Disneyland and take them to Las Vegas later. This is a suite property and our room was a one bedroom (King bed) living room (Queen sofa bed), full kitchen (most non- food supplies are provided) and dining area. Price was about $85.00 per night. This is a new hotel with our room in superb condition. It is about a 4 mile drive directly south of the strip essentially on Las Vegas Boulivard. Rent a car to get here to get around or you will be unhappy - parking is free at this hotel, rental cars in vegas are cheap. This hotel is about 10 minutes easy driving time from the airport. Thee is a Food for Less grocery store on las vegas blvd and I suggest you stop in there to stock the fridge in your room. Buy some coffee too. Although there is free coffee at the front desk, that desk is 10 minutes walk time from your room from some locations. There is a coffemaker and micro and stove in your room. It is nice to have a cold beverage waiting for you when you get home from an active Vegas day. Although you are 5-10 min (easy driving) away from the main strip, there is one giant casino next door (Southpoint) which has 16 or so theatres and 50 or so bowling lanes. Bootlegger Bistro is 5 minutes down Las Vegas blvd towards the strip and is a great restaurant find. Prices are reasonable, portions are large and its a bit of old Vegas. Lots of pictures of celebrities - a real nice spot for a family dinner. I highly reccomend the pizza! We used this hotel location to take a one day bus tour to the Grand Canyon (bus picks up from Southpoint, next door). Now, going to the Grand Canyon was the highlight of our trip, but it is one heck of a long bus ride (5 hours each way) and cost about 100.00 each. But the 3 hours on the rim of the canyon is spectacular! Also, the outlet mall in Primm is good (about 40 minutes West on the highway). Very easy to get from this hotel to anywhere in Vegas.	
Nov 27 2007 	Nice hotel clean good for chemically sensitive	Booked this hotel through Hotwire. It was like a 1-bedroom apartment with a nice floor plan. The floors were tiled except for the bedroom.This hotel is great for chemically sensitive individuals since they have all tile floors, do not use air fragrance in the hallways nor the rooms and the bedding does not smell like detergent. The rooms have also out-gassed.There is also a washer/dryer in the room in case if you need to wash the linens with your own fragrance-free detergent.Overall, it was a good place and they did not pressure us into purchasing a timeshare. The only time we were asked was during registration - we kindly declined and they left us alone for the rest of the stay.	
Nov 20 2007 	okay but not great	Big complex, on Las Vegas Blvd. about 7 miles from main strip.Easy access to most things.Check in okay, usual &quot;have to get parking pass “from another clerk who is your time share host - didn’t take too long not as pushy as some.No luggage carts were available when we needed one, found them later after moving all our stuff. People seem to hoard them the night before they check out .Hallways and doors needed repainting, elevators dirty.Heating and cooling worked fine and we had good view of the pool area and mountains. Kitchen was adequate, with usual coffee maker, toaster, dishes etc.Room was okay except for when the people above us started their jetted tub, thought I was on a airport runway listening to a jet take off. Somehow they missed the sign that said no jetted tub after 10:00 PMThe bathroom lighting was way undersized for the vanity area, very dark and hard to see for shaving etc., the shower was a good size but the door didn’t close properly. The towels were motel 6 ish.Overall the place I thought was below average, not terrible but not as good as other timeshares we have stayed at. Especially since it is a relatively new. I would say a blue not a red trade for those familiar with RCI trading.	
Nov 11 2007 	Great Place Out of the Action of the Strip	We have stayed twice at the Grandview, once in November of 2006 and again in October of 2007. While this property is basically an RCI timeshare it is offered on many of the standard travel sites and can be booked just like any other hotel. Which makes me wonder why anyone would pay a large up front price for a timeshare unit and then have the annual maintenance fees only to be locked into the timeshare restrictions of dates and durations of visits? Anyhow the bottom line is that I sort of like this place and I think most people that stay here will also if they are prepared to deal with the location which is about six miles south of the main strip action.The rooms are really the best part of the resort. Each one bedroom unit is a well equipped apartment, in fact they are larger than some one bedroom apartments that I am familiar with in Southern California. Each unit has a well equipped kitchen, a washer and dryer in the unit, a king bed in the bedroom and a queen sized sofa bed in the living room. There is a large bathroom with a shower and a Jacuzzi just off the bedroom. The two bedroom units are an exact duplication of the one bedroom units with all the same equipment and amenities. In fact they are completely separate units with separate entries which is ideal for two couples, but may provide too much isolation for parents wanting to keep a close reign on smaller children – teenagers would love it. There are also two large screen TVs in each unit with a DVD player attached to the living room set. The resort has a selection of DVDs that they lend out at no charge to the guests.There are two nice pools (one heated) and a small deli on site. There is no restaurant; however, there are several options at the South Point casino right next door as well as another restaurant, the Boulevard Grille, across the street.They now have wireless in all the buildings, but I consider it very expensive. They want $10 per day, $25 for 3 days and $50 for the week. They do still have the public computers in the lobby which I was able to use about anytime that I wanted although others have mentioned having a problem with access to these. They no longer have FREE wireless in the lobby as they did in the past.Most people will probably want to rent a car; however, we did not and got along just fine by allowing the extra time required for public transportation. If you drive in from California the new exit ramp from I-15 is now open and is very convenient to The Grandview. Cab fare from the airport will cost you about $25. There is a shuttle service (CLS) that we used for the trip back that will take you to the airport for $8 per person. You have to schedule it 24 hours in advance and allow a couple of hours before your flight and this works out great. We saw several people use this throughout the week. They were right on time and only made one more stop prior to going to the airport. Took us about 25 minutes total. During our stay we used the South Strip Trolley which picks up right at the Grandview and you can transfer to the Main Strip Trolley at Mandalay Bay. This requires planning and allowing extra time as they are not always on schedule, but we got along fine. They have a strange fare schedule that requires you to buy a Day Pass for use between 8:30AM and 5:00PM and a Night Pass to use between 5:00PM and midnight which is sort of screwy if you want to go to the Strip at 3 PM and come back at 8 PM you have to buy 2 passes. But they are only $4.25 each and they allow you unlimited use of the trolleys on all the routes during the time that they are valid. They do have one way passes, but they are only for one trip and do not provide transfers to other trolleys.  Along with the transportation issue there are a couple of other things that you might want to consider about The Grandview. For instance, there is still construction going on not only at Grandview, but also at the casino next door, South Point. This can be noisy, in some locations although during both of our stays we have been fairly close to the construction area and have not been disturbed too much by it. You just have to take your chances and asked to be moved if it is a problem for you. Also some reviews have complained about the exterior lighting being a problem in illuminating the units at night. Again this hasn’t bothered us mainly due to the location of the units that we have stayed in. It appears that the exterior lights that are the culprits are mounted just below the 4th floor and the 4th and 5th floor rooms probably get the worst of it. The buildings do look nice all lit up, but give us a break and turn off the decorative exterior lights at 11PM.There were several planned activities every day, mainly for the kids. While I am a strong proponent of NOT taking kids to Vegas, if you insist then this is a good place. You are away from the strip and there seems to be enough activities to keep the youngest ones entertained. Teenagers will be hopping the trolley to the strip anyway so don’t worry about them they will make there own entertainment. For the smaller children there is also information on child care facilities in the area. So if the kids have to come this resort should work out better than most as you have a lot of room and there are things for them to do either supervised by you or someone you hire.One other thing that we really liked about the Grandview was with the South Point casino right next door we had lots of dining and gambling choices without the hustle and bustle of the strip; so a couple of days we didn’t even leave the area. We ate at the buffet which was not outstanding, but a good variety and inexpensive. The Silverado steakhouse also serves a good meal at about half the price that you would pay on the strip. It was really nice to have your own casino with lots of friendly people and machines that would take your money and you could walk back to your room in 5 minutes – it takes me longer than that in some of the mega resorts on the strip when your room is in the same building.The bottom line is if you don’t have to be in the heart of the action on the strip and want a large comfortable place with lots of amenities and a friendly staff the Grandview should suit your needs just fine.	
Nov 5 2007 	Great Stay	We own a 1 bedroom unit at the Grandview and I must say it's worth every penny. We stayed the week of Oct. 22nd and it was wonderful. We had deposited our Apr. week through RCI and then had to come to Vegas for a reunion so we decided to book here. There we four of us so RCI gave us 2 of the 1 bedroom suites which was really great. We stayed at the IRIS bldg which is the newest one and closest to South Point. WE had very little encounter with their front desk clerks so no complaint there. I called a week before and requested rooms with a nice view and they gave us really great rooms. We had 2 parties in the rooms and we were surprised that no one complained about the noise level so I think this bldg's insulation is better than the others.The trolley stopped at the Grandview which was convenient but having South Point across the street made all the difference. You definitely have to have a car so you can go to the strip and other places.	
Nov 1 2007 	Service with and Attitude	We stayed at Grandview from 10/25/07 until 10/27/07. Our room was outstanding and immaculate. The accomadations we comfortable and convienient to the South Point Casino. We wanted no part of the strip on this trip so it was very beneficial. As I have read in some of the other reviews, their customer service is lacking. We went to the front desk to get extra laundry soap to wash a few clothes before our return trip home, and were told to go to another desk to get it. When we went to the other desk, we were told by an associate that we had to wait in the line that had formed while we were waiting, so we left. They were rather rude about it, so we got laundry soap from a housekeeping attendant. We were not pushed on the time share. We arrived exhausted from a day of excursion, and had plans for our following eveing, they never mentioned the time share. Overall, the visit was wonderful. Be sure to check out the pool area, they have 2 pools located there. One was warm, one wasn't.....	
Oct 28 2007 	front desk personnel	they should teach their front desk representative how to communicate people,some of them were rude.first day of staying already have problem,when we called up the front desk they put me on hold for a long time and never answered the phone.	
Oct 24 2007 	Great Place	We stayed there 5 de mayo weekend, so needless to say, Vegas was packed with the Oscar match going on that weekend. We are owners at the Grandview. They got us last Nov. We really liked how it looked and since my husband and I like to get away to Vegas w/o the kids, it seemed like a great place to come to. (I'm 23 and my husband is 27).We bought a 1 bdrm and it's great. The only complaint I have is that the housekeeping does not come, but once a week. You have to request that they come any other time and I believe, pay a fee. That was a negative, but everything else is really nice. The decor is very nice and it comes with a full kitchen and a dining room and living room. We really like the jetted tub. It has a washer and dryer, too. We didn't get to enjoy the pool, but definitely will next time. The Southpointe Casino is next door, so I heard the food is good there. It is about 8 min. from the main casinos, but it's not bad at all. Plus, they are already going to start building other casinos next door. Soon, it will be part of the strip.We didn't have any safety issues there. There were guards outside at night. Considering how packed Vegas was that weekend and even the resort was packed, but no break-ins or vehicle thefts that we heard of. There are timeshare people around, but that's to be expected when it is so new and more phases are being built. We personally liked it a lot and can't wait to go back. We were going in Sept for Labor Day weekend, but couldn't make it, so we rented it out and there were no complaints. I hope this helps!	
Oct 20 2007 	Wonderful stay	Been back in England for a day now and already looking into booking into the Grandview for next time. Clean rooms, good equipment and friendly staff. Saw security guards posted at the car park entrances all night long.. Pools are nice though the shop could sell more (groceries) - staff in there were very friendly. This place is recommended for the car driving tourist to vegas.. Don't go on timeshare tour if you don't want to - but if you do prepare for a 2 hour hard sell.. Overall Grandview is a great place to stay.	
Oct 16 2007 	Beware of smokey rooms	We have stayed at the Grandview twice in the last 3 months. Our first time we were greeted with ants in one of our units and missing silverware and dishes in both rooms. Housekeeping was called and they did not respond to our request.. The next time we stayed here we were given 2 non smoking rooms. One of the rooms had been used as a smoking room. Since our previous experience was not up to the Grandview's standards we were given the hotel managers card to call if we had any problems. I called and let them know that smoke smell was very noticable in the unit, there were cigarette burns on the carpet and it also came complete with a clean ashtray in the cabinet. The hotel manager never called back to discuss our problem. When I checked out I was given a comment card to express my concerns about my non- smoking room (I did check and it was still listed as a non smoking room). These are the things that bother you about staying at the Grandview. It appears that if you have a problem that you would have to directly confront the managers at the front desk and wait until they do something for you. The normal channels do not work. The rooms are nice, staff is friendly on check in, yes- the elevators can be a problem and the tubs running late at night can be noisy. You just have to have a relaxed attitude coming here- since the management seems to have that attitude.	
Oct 14 2007	A nice stay in Vegas	My wife and I stayed for a week in September at the Grandview and really enjoyed it. The place is almost new, so the rooms and grounds were in great shape. The staff was friendly. We didn't want to hear their timeshare pitch, and there was no further pressure once we said &quot;no&quot;. The 2 rooms were well furnished with washer/dryer in room, full nice kitchen, jacuzzi tub and separate shower, confortable bed, and two TV's. You have to pay for wireless Internet service which was a bit of a downer, but it worked fine.Location was fine for us because we had a car. It's right on Las Vegas Blvd., 4 miles from the strip. We went to the South Point Casino next door, but didn't like the place, so we did all of our gambling and entertainment on the strip and one night downtown. The South Point looks pretty nice from the outside, but inside it's nowhere near as nice as any of the main casinos on the strip.There is no restaurant on the premises aside from a small sandwich/&quot;pizza&quot; place, where the service could not be any slower and &quot;pizza&quot; needs to be in quotes.Overall, if you have a car and don't need a restaurant or huge pool on location (the pool is nice but relatively small), this is a great place to stay.	
Oct 13 2007 	Fine resort	Stayed at the Grandview as part of a timeshare swap. Staff friendly, if you ignore the timeshare sell. Easy to get to the strip (left out of the resort, drive straight for 7 miles!). Rooms clean and well kept. South Point casino is right next door if you need a quick fix. Overall excellent base off-strip.	
Oct 10 2007 	Stolen vehicle vehicle break- ins Do not Recommend!	We are owners here, visited 9/2007. Our car was stolen the first night. Reported to security, they said this was the first incident, it's never happened before. Our 3 year old daughter was with us and her car seat was in the stolen vehicle. We asked front desk about a car rental or taxi, so we can go purchase a new car seat, they sent us across the street to South Point Hotel &amp; Casino. They did nothing for us! We went back first week of 10/2007, our car was brokern into the first night. Again, reported the incident, but did a little more investigating this time. We found, there have been many incidents happening here. I was very angry, spoke with property manager. I was told he would take to corporate office and someone would contact me. I asked Grandview to pay for my damages. I still have not heard anything from them. Do not recommend! They are still trying to sell timeshares, but they do not disclose the security problems. People need to be aware of the security problems going on at this place. Please contact me if I can be of any help csrfletes@yahoo.com.	
Oct 8 2007	Grandview - great value	A great placet to stay - almost new so in very good shape - very nice pool area. The South Point Casino across the street offers some great values on meals, cheaper than cooking; and the casino has very loose slots. The trolly to the strip works OK, as the hotel is about 3 miles south of the airport, a long way from the stip. The only negative with the Grandview is that the rooms are not well soundproofed - we had quiet neighbours so it was OK, but this could be a big negative.	
Oct 6 2007 	It's okay BUT........	Just got back today from the Grand view (Saturday 56 October)Its not bad, but poorly named, there isnt a grandview (unless you have binoculars)Good for kids to stay at, but the small shop is poorly stocked and staffed, food 4 less is about a mile away to get provisions, and there is a shuttle bus laid onPools are fine, but one is solar heated and it was freezingIts about 4 miles from the strip, so a car is essential, unlesss you want to wait for the tramCheck in ws really good and the staff helpfull, The oom is pretty standard for a time shgare, nothing outstanding, even though it is sold or rented as luxury unitThe activities listed each day just never happenedPC and internet access was limited as PC's went down on a regular basis, there was one working when I leftThe time share presentation went on a bit long (all we wanted was the free tickets) they go through the whole speil, then just as you think you are at the end, they hit you with a final offer, and WOW does the attitude kick in, they just vant wait to get rid of you, talk about the bums rush, still we got our free tickets(IF you want to buy a timeshere I'd recommend the NEW planet Hollywood, now this is an outstanding and LUXURY TS, worth a visit)All in all, its not a bad place, but not outstanding in anyway, but ideal if you like to stay away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and dont mind being 4 miles awayThe South pointe next door does a really good buffet for breakfast lunch and dinner, and it beats doing your own cookingThe South Pointe has a great bowling alley and cinema and all the usual gambling tables and slots, so its worth a visit	
Oct 3 2007 	Loved the Grandview at Las Vegas! Very roomy and with a full kitchen no less.	We spent 3 nights at the Grandview at Las Vegas, and our accommodation was excellent....we had a 1 bedroom with a full kitchen. Across the courtyard was the fitness center and swimming pools and spas. The only negative I saw was the pool was too cool to really enjoy....the weather was warm, mid 80's, but when you got into the pool, it was cold. Perhaps the heat could be turned up a few degrees so you can float and enjoy the water. Maybe next time it will be warmer. The South Pointe casino/hotel is next door, and the Coronado Cafe has very reasonable prices, and the food was very delicious. We ate there for all our meals. Inside are 6 restaurants, so there is something for everyone there. Grandview does not have any restaurants on site, so you need to have a car to really go anywhere besides South Pointe. We walked at least 1 mile before we got to a bus stop, but we were able to take the Trolley to the strip for $4.25 for a 6 hour pass. I loved that the refrigerator had its own ice maker. Though we did not eat in the unit, we basically wanted to stay at this resort as we are an every other year owner of 1 week now, and having spent time there, we will now know what to bring when we come and stay for a week.	
Oct 2 2007 	Great room 	As a whole the place is convenient (we rented a car) to everything. It's our 4th time in Vegas so we also traveled to the Hoover Dam, Red Canyon, Rafting on the Colorado, Etc.The resort’s staff was not very helpful with information so we went to the local AAA for that. The supposedly concierge service is given by the sales people &amp; I heard information only when a salesperson passed by with potential costumers. Otherwise you don’t get all the needed tips about the grounds, the nearby Casino etc.. When you ask they mostly - don’t know or don’t have much patient for you. You feel as if you are disturbing them. But - to be fair - some of the staff where very nice.The most annoying part - Computer Availability - Stinks!!! Yes they have Wireless service to the rooms - $9.95/day. (as most hotels have today.) But - No free wireless service whatsoever !!! Not next to the business center or around pool. On top of that for such a large place they had 5 computers available (15 min. max use) at the beginning of week. At the end only 3 !!!! What's the reason for being so tight fisted?I wanted to use the pool but as a lap swimmer it kidney shaped and that was annoying.For those who like pools, the weather was chilly and one pool was heated - that was a pleasant surprise. As a whole - for an exchange price you will not get an spacious apartment in Vegas as a time share. I don’t know how the other timeshare units are but heard that they are great. Especially the Hilton	
Oct 1 2007 	No Noise just a great suite	Just finished staying at the Grandview for the September long weekend. Nice new clean suite with all the kitchen you need.My wife and I stayed in the bedroom and her cousin and husband on the sofa bed. They were a bit concerned about the pullout bed but they found it to be supportive and comfortable.We never really heard any of the noise that most people did complain about. We actually thought we didnt have any neighbors but we did see them a few times in the hall and they had a small child with them and grandparents.If you are concerned about the noise just bring a pair of earplugs to sleep with, we did but never used them.Renting a car is a must, and much easier to get around than we thought. All the casinos have valet parking which is quick and free and saves your feet. Just tip $2-$3 when your car is brought back safe and sound.The fastest way to the strip is ti just take the I-15 around the back of the casinos and then just turn on to the connecting street that you want. On the Memorial day long weekend it only took us 5-7 minutes to the strip and about 10-15 to downtown.The southpoint casino is very nice next door. It has lower limits and is less crowded than the strip casinos. Dont miss the graveyard specials at the restaurant there. My wife took in a hot stone massage at the spa there and was quite pleased.Anyway, we have stayed at the Bellagio, Mirage, MGM, and Ny Ny before and this stay was just as good. The full kitchen allowed us to keep some leftovers and make breakfast or have drinks or snacks available. The key to making this stay as good as the strip is the renting of a car, fast and easy to the strip and can relax away from it if you want.Remember to have positive expectations and thats what you will find. If you look for the negative thats what you will find.Only negative was that we did not receive a wake up call we requested, luckily we always use the alarm as a back up.Have fun and enjoy.	
Sep 24 2007 	Great Accommodations	Just returned from spending a week at the Grandview for my husband's birthday and enjoyed every minute of it. We went with 7 friends and booked one 2 bedroom suite and a single 1 bedroom suite. We stayed in the Iris tower and everything was clean and new. The only unfortunate part of our stay was the cost of getting to the strip or downtown. We rented a car for three days, but should have kept it longer. And the other reviews that talk about using the South Point's free shuttle have obviously not been recently. A friend in our group asked the South Point about their shuttle and was told that in order to ride for free, you must present your South Point hotel key to the driver. So instead, we rode the trolley which wasn't bad at $2.50 a trip. There were salesmen trying to get you to buy a condo, but my husband said we simply weren't interested and we were never approached again. Yes, the walls are thin, but we didn't experience any loud noises or disturbances. Although, that might have been because we usually left the room early and didn't return until late at night. After all, you're not in Vegas to stay indoors all day long! The front desk and bell desk service was friendly, cheerful, and very helpful!! We would definitely stay here again...but would rent a car for the entire week next time.	
Sep 20 2007 	Grandview is great	We own a unit at the Grandview and have just finished our 3rd visit during the Labor Day week. The unit was just being cleaned when we were given the keys so we had to lock up valuables and go elswhere for a while. This was the first time the RCI representative attempted to coerce us into watching her sales pitch after we had politely refused. I hope this NEVER happens again.I love the place. We have always been in the Primrose building and were given a pool view unit on request. We have never had a problem with noise from other guests. Some things were missing from the unit but a call to housekeeping got most of them replaced immediately.Information was received for any questions at the desk. The pools and hot tubs are wonderful. The only problems were the parties consuming copius amounts of alcohol (much beer on the table with several quart bottles of rum and Jack Daniels)and getting loud . Children 6-13 went unsupervised. They were playing rough with no supervision-bumping into swimmers.The location is great with the SouthPoint Cassino next door for gambling. entertainment, and dining. Just hop in the car to go on trips around Nevada, go downtown by interstate highway, or go to the strip by shuttle, taxi or bus.Thanks for the good time.	
Sep 18 2007	Just OK	The one bedroom unit was comfortable, nice bathroom. The check-in guy told us this was a new property, but parts of the building were already showing signs of age.If you have a noisy neighbor like we did-- moving furniture around in the middle of the night-- it will be very distracting.I wanted to check my email but you have to pay $10 a day or $50 a week for the privilege of wireless in your room. They have a tiny &quot;computer room&quot; in the lobby of the main building, but the three times I trekked there, all four stations were in use and the folks were not budging. Wireless access in the lobby is being discontinued-- in fact they turned it off right in the midst of me sending an email.Location was not fantastic, about 4 to 5 miles from the strip, but the hotel/casino next door (South Point) is great- movie theatres, bowling lanes, lots of activities for families.All in all, compared to other places I have stayed, I would not choose this place for my next visit.	
Sep 11 2007 	No rest at this inn	I was surprised at just how little rest I could get.I actually had to move rooms on the third night due to the neighbors being so loud- thinking it was a once in a million irritation, I was moved.This time I was bothered by the people above.Anything on the tile floor is incredibly loud- and anyone running water, dishwasher, or clothes washer can be heard.The rules on the noise, well they have none.Kids can use the pool till midnight, giving no rest for those on the first floor-but, you are asked not to use the jacuzzi tub after ten pm.Having to take a bath before 10 pm? that isn't a hotel that is grandma's house.Vegas isn't a city to rest in, so I suppose this won't matter to most.But if you desire to sleep at all, go somewhere else	
Sep 4 2007 	Wonderful Stay	Bought this timeshare 2 years ago and made our first visit from 8/25/07-8/31/07. The resort is quite beautiful with a very nice pool and plenty of parking. The room was unexpectedly nice (much nicer than rooms we have had at MGM and Luxor) and the full kitchen was a treat. We had no problems with elevators or noise in the room as other reviewers have mentioned. It is about a 10 minute drive to the strip which was no big deal. The South Point Casino next door is also very nice. I would recommend this to anyone not requiring a room on the strip (i.e. not on their first visit to Vegas).	
Aug 29 2007	GREAT EXPERIENCE	Have just come back from Grandview having bought a timeshare last year (one bedroom unit). The facilities were great but it was nice and quiet. We stayed at the Iris building which has just opened. You need a car as it is about 4 miles from the strip but things were easy to find one you became familiar with the roads and all the hotels seem to have free car parking. Would definately come back here again. Liked it so much we bought another one bedroom suite.	
Aug 28 2007 	Fantastic place to stay; don't listen to the negative reviews!	We used our timeshare points to book at Grandview about a month or so before our trip. I won't lie; I was a bit bothered with all the negative reviews and was almost thinking of cancelling and paying for a stay someplace else. The supposed loud noises with the hot tub when a neighbor uses it and the moving of chairs in other units were non-existent for us. I was seriously expecting so much worse than what we experienced, but I have absolutely nothing but good things to say about this place and the staff. We never bothered with any timeshare tours; in fact, we never even came into contact with any staff except at check-in. We got to choose the newest tower (Iris building) and had a unit on the 12th floor. The lady who checked us in said if we weren't happy with the room, we could gladly check into another one without a problem. We never did move as again, we didn't experience any of that crazy noise that was mentioned in some reviews. Yes, walls may be a little thin but given that the parking lot was always so full, the building was still so quiet even though we always bumped into a lot of people in the elevators. And speaking of elevators, even though there were only 2, the longest we ever had to wait for one was a minute. The washer/dryer is perfect and the pool was a nice place to cool off in that hot oven weather. If there was a fitness center, we didn't try it. You can bring your laptop and sit in the lobby while you surf the net or you can use the free PC's they have in their internet room. If you do decide to stay here, as many have mentioned, it is quite a ways to the Strip so rent a car if the Strip is more your thing. Otherwise, South Point is perfect for your gambling, bowling, arcade, movies, eating needs -- all of that just a few steps away!Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 25 2007 	A Great Week At The Grandview	My wife and I stayed at the Grandview 8/17/2007 to 8/24/2007. It was one of the most relaxing vacations we have ever experienced. Check in was a breeze. The units have a living room with a TV and a DVD player, a small but adequate dinning room, a fully equipped kitchen, and a bedroom with a comfortable king size bed and a TV in the room. Next to the bedroom is a jacuzzi next to the bathroom. There is also a washer and dryer tucked into its own closet. There is a slight noise when people in another unit run their jacuzzi. Other reviewing have described this noise as intrusive to their enjoyment of the unit. My wife and I hardly noticed it.You can check out DVD's free of charge from the main desk. The pool is very nice with a snack bar between the pool and the fitness center. The Southpoint Casino is next door. The Southpoint has gambling, many restaurants, a movie theater and a bowling alley and a kid's play area. Between midnight and 9am the Coronado Cafe has a graveyard special with a very cheap breakfast.The Southpoint food is good, but very good food reasonably priced can be found across the street at the Boulevard Bar &amp; Grill. Flori one of he co-owner, along with other family members, work in the restaurant and provide warm, friendly, service to go along with large portions of excellent food reasonably price.Because the Grandview is four miles south of the McCarran International airport that is just South of the strip, I recommend renting a car. With a car you can shop for food nearby to cook in your unit if you so desire, and you can visit the strip where there is plenty of free parking.My wife and I went to the Valley of Fire, the first state park in Nevada, where there are magnificent geological sandstone structures.From now on my wife and I are going to stay at the Grandview instead of a hotel.	
Aug 24 2007 	Comfortable Stay - Beautiful Rooms	Beautiful condo like setting near the Las Vegas Airport.This was a great family place off of the strip. The pools were a lot of fun. The full kitchen and big bathroom was a thrill for the kids.I was impressed by the other guests. Everyone was nice and polite and friendly (a rare quality to find these days).The front desk was always helpful. I received a Fed-X package and they called me as soon as it arrived (not all hotels will do that).The only bad thing is that there is no internet connection in the rooms - but we found a comfortable couch in the lobby where my daughter and I could get a fast wireless connection (and coffee).	
Aug 24 2007 	Grandview is great	stayed 1 wk. at the Grandview. or first RCI exchange. wow what a nice place. approx 4 miles south of the airport next to the new South Point Casino. stayed on the 8th floor overlooking the pool area. had the &quot;A&quot; side suite approx 850 sq ft. very roomy for 4 people. master bedroom has king bed &amp; jacuzzi tub. huge bathroom with large shower &amp; his &amp; hers sinks. 32&quot; tv in living room &amp; 27&quot; tv in bedroom. fully furnished including stacking washer &amp; dryer. put that to good use.(nice to have with kids) very clean &amp; new looking.2 large pools &amp; hot tubs. vegas in july is very hot ( 107'F) but dry heat. pools &amp; pool area very clean. also has a arcade for kids and a snack bar for drinks &amp; food. very nice and fully equipped gym.there is 6 free internet computers for the complex in the internet room. it gets pretty busy so if you have a laptop with wi fi bring it along.( i wish we would have thought of it ) great to check up on your emails.outlet mall shopping is close by and SouthPoint Casino is next door but if you want to go to the Strip on Las Vegas Blvd. it&quot;s best to have your own car or rent one. the start of the south strip is about 6 miles away.overall we were very impressed with the Grandview at LasVegas.i would stay there again for sure.	
Aug 22 2007 	very enjoyable	We stayed at the Grandview from the 10th through to the 17th of August and found it to be everything we had hoped for. We stayed in the new Iris Tower where everything looked practically brand new. The apartment was clean, very spacious and well appointed, with no problems at all with noise or lift availability.The bed was extremely confrotable, the large jaccuzzi tub was glorious after days spent walking up and down the strip, and the kitchen had absolutely everythng we needed.We made frequent use of the Strip trolley which never let us down time wise and made travelling to the Outlet Centre for shopping and to the Strip for sightseeing extremely convenient.Southpoint next door gave us an option of not having to go far at all if we wanted a meal out or a 'gambling flutter' close to our home base.We will definitely be visiting again, and would recommend this hotel to anybody. We went without our 3 children this time, but when we return we will will take them with us, as the activities we saw planned at the Grandview each day as well as the pool area would keep them very happily entertained.	
Aug 10 2007 	It was great!	We were there from 8/4 to 8/9/07. We were in Vegas in 2004 when we bought this time share. We were unable to stay in it until now. We loved it. The place was immaculate. We stayed in a one bedroom and it was very spacious for us. The pool was beautiful. We went on a time share upgrade tour. No pressure at all and we got to see Carrot Top and got $50 in meal coupons at the Lexor. Can't beat that. We booked from Friday to Friday. We got there at 10:00 am on Saturday morning and our room was waiting. We left late Thursday afternoon so we had the room and pool all day too since we really didn't have to check out until Friday morning. The staff was great. One downfall is that some of the staff did not understand /speak English very well, but that seems to happen everywhere now-a-days. We will go back every year and stay here. We had our portable GPS with us so we were able to go anywhere we wanted to eat. We weren't tied to the strip to eat. If no one told us there was construction going on, we would have never known it. I would recommend this to anyone! We had a blast!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 6 2007 	More Than You Can Ask For!	I arrived early and check-in time is at 4pm but they were very pleasant and got me in a room early.the front desk is very friendly. I was very pleased with my stay and would come back again. In fact they even had a private laundry in your room.Very comfortable and it had a feeling of home to it.(THEY EVEN HAVE DISHES FOR YOU TO USE....EVEN POTS AND PANS) oh i did have a problem with finding the remote control in the bedroom but i called the front desk and about two minutes later i heard a knock on the door..seriously!The resort is very nice and very well maintained. I DON'T THINK I WILL EVER STAY IN AN EXPENSIVE HOTEL EVER AGAIN! You will not be disappointed with your stay because it's not just a room it's a little apartment with the feeling of home to it!	
Aug 3 2007	Extremely satisfying stay	We couldn't have gone at a hotter time, but the hotel was marvelous. We liked the fact it was miles off the Strip, the rooms were cozy, frig, washer and dryer, TV, free DVD's to view. The noise level was picking up just as we were leaving due to construction on a new tower, but while we were there, it was quiet. The South Point was fantastic for food, the buffet and other places to dine were great. I used my mothers time share, we were approached on check in to go a seminar, which we canceled, and we were not bothered about it again. I can't say enough about what a pleasant experience we had.	
Jul 24 2007 	Nice hotel far out location	I stayed at the Grandview for a couple of days earlier this month. I thought the room was great. The kitchen supplied everything we needed, the bathroom was spacious with a nice shower area. The jacuzzi tub was basically in the bedroom but convenient to relax in and watch tv if you so desire. I stayed in the new tower and had no problems at all. There were two elevators but I never waited long to be lifted or dropped. I would recommend this place to people with kids in tow.I would say that the good thing for me was when I got there, I didn't have to see all the gambling. If I wanted to gamble, I could go across the street to South Point. I really regret doing that as I am a prior resident of Las Vegas. Their machines had no mercy on me and I only went there for the convenience. After leaving South Point, my hotel room was a great place for me to take a breather and relax. I would stay there again but most likely would stay at the Orleans or Gold Coast where the gambling is better for a gambler like me.	
Jul 23 2007 	When Your Neighbor Loves the Jacuzzi Tub.....	You know there's a problem when you see a sign posted on the tub stating it should be used only between 8:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m. The neighbor's tub might as well be in your own room when it's turned on, and oh boy did our neighbors turn it on... at 6:15 a.m, at 11:30 p.m., and at various times in between. There's no sleeping once a tub is on, the water rushing through the pipes creates a noise unlike any other hotel noise I've ever heard. Also, the chairs need some sort of sliders on the bottom because when the neighbors drag several chairs across the floor for several hours (as our neighbors did while partying one night) the noise of chair legs scraping across tile floors travels right into the room next door. I've never called a front desk to complain before, but we ended up having to call the front desk three times. Bottom line....bad neighbors but the issues could have been prevented with adequate plumbing and with 50 cent sliders on the bottom of the chair legs. We left a written complaint with the front desk clerk upon check out and her lack of interest indicated we probably won't have a response. We won't be back.	
Jul 20 2007	great place to stay.	I read the reviews before booking. Am always a bit reluctant with some bad reviews. I'm amazed on how many people are so dissatified with just about anything. My experience was great. The units are very clean. Very well equipped. Couldn't think of anything that was not supplied. The workers were all pleasent and helpful. The location is ideal with a car rental. Without it I would have found it difficult. The pools and exercise room were fine. Daily coffee in the morning, free internet and activities for the kids. Was not approached once regarding timeshares. Yes the elevator had problems. Big deal. It was fixed. Would rebook here without any reservations at all.....	
Jul 16 2007 	Thin walls and broken elevators	Stayed July 8-15th,. the rooms are really nice but but the walls are extremely thin. you can hear every noise the people above you make, moving chairs, filling the bath tub, having sex.. it was really disturbing. not to mention the whole time i was there, there was only one elevator working.. was quite frustrating to sometimes have to wait a 1/2 hour for an elevator.no wireless internet from the room, gotta goto the main lobby and computer room for that (the computer room is nice though, nice laser printer etc..)there is a large casino next door (South Point) that has cheap food and an ok buffet. but you are 4 miles south of the strip if you ant to have a real good time.overall, it was easy to find and to travel back and forth from the strip (we had a rental car)but with the elevator issues and the thin walls, cant say I would go back and cant say I can really recommend the place.	
Jul 11 2007	Locked out in Vegas	Bottom line,we booked a week at this resort.And during the entire time there are door codes were in opperable on a daily basis.We planned day trips to Grand Canyon and AZ.and when we arrived the next mornings,are suites and resort were unable to enter.We even spoke to the resort Mgr Ms.Valerio who stated that she would contact us and address the situation ..To date our calls and e mails were un returned.Too,there is no true wireless connection there,you have to use the public lobby to do so,but while there you can here the staff be little thier customers...a great experience!	
Jul 4 2007	nice place to stay	Stayed at the Grandview from June 23rd through the 26th. The room we stayed in was very nice and very clean. The room was spacious including the bathroom. The staff was very accommodating with any of our requests. They gave us a room near the pool so it was very convenient. I was not disappointed in the Grandview at all. I would stay there again.  We took the trolley from the South Point Casino next door to the Grandview to the Mandalay Bay Casino. From that point another trolley took us to the Strip. We found out that there is a free shuttle at the South Point Casino that takes you to Mandalay Bay. There, you can board a tram to the Excaliber and walk to New York New York and other casinos. We also rode a bus one evening and they are very nice, air conditioned and cheap. $2.00. The buses run on a very good schedule. Taxis are readily available if you need one. The drivers are very amiable and knowledgable about Las Vegas. We ate at the South Point Casino and enjoyed our meals, especially the Graveyard Special. It was $1.25 for a delicious breakfast. Their $9.99 prime rib special was wonderful for dinner. If you buy meals on the strip, expect to pay a great deal more than that!!! A great experience and hope to go back again.	
Jul 3 2007	New and Cool	I enjoyed my stay here. The locations is 10-15 minutes away from the strip near the las vegas outlet mall, grocery store (which is great because of the fully equipped kitchen) and many restaraunts. The jacuzzi tub is an excellent feature in the room along with the DVD and CD players and washer and dryer. The site offers free DVD rentals and a shuttle to and from the strip. I got an excellent rate through hotwire. Since this place is a timeshare resort, if you arent interested in purchasing a timeshare dont waste your time attending the timeshare presentation, but if you do attend they offer cool comp. gifts.	
Jul 2 2007 	Loved it!	We had to book at the last minute, our son and daughter-in-law welcomed their first child. We travel to Las Vegas 4 or 5 times a year and always stay at the SouthPoint. Well this time their room prices were outrageous ($140 per night) for a Wednesday &amp; Thursday. Someone told us that the Grandview, which is just steps from the Southpoint, rents their condos/timeshares by the night as hotel rooms. We were very pleased, the price ($65 per night) was the lowest in Las Vegas for a 3 star property, and the unit is spacious, well furnished, and very comfortable. We had no noise problems with other guests, in fact we never saw anyone else in our building!!! The refrigerator is very noisy though, and the a/c could be quieter. But overall the unit is great, and we will stay here again.	
Jun 25 2007 	Never judge a book by it's cover.	I can’t really say that I hated the Grandview, although… I didn’t love it all that much. I stayed there for 5 days, and six nights. The beds were horrible, and the pillows lacked luster. The shower and Jacuzzi were nice as they were large enough to fit two comfortably. The washer and dryer unit worked well, but were small. Although, it wasn’t all that frequent – Noise was an issue. The pipes would moan whenever water would be used, and the walls we so entirely thin that you could the television of your neighbor. For those who prefer to stay in the room, the kitchen was well stocked, and the televisions had many channels. The pools are small, shallow, and only the upper one is heated - However, they to aid in beating the heat of Southern Nevada. WARNING – Do not attempt to eat at the café by the pool. You will regret it.I took my laptop thinking that like any other modern establishment in this world at least The Grandview would have Wi-Fi, but it didn’t. I didn’t even bother using the computer room as I heard from other guests that the computers there were heavily firewalled and blocked most sites. Transportation is a biggie as the Grandview is so far from the strip. There is only other grocery shuttle that travels once per day at noon. However, there is a The Las Vegas Strip trolley that faithfully comes every 30 minutes, and only costs $4.25 for a day, or night pass. There is also a new-ish bus called “the deuce” but it only goes as far south as the Outlet mall. It costs $2.00 one way, or $5.00 for a 24 hour pass. Both the trolley and the Deuce go Downtown. We decided that it was best to get on the trolley until the MGM. It drops off right beside a huge store called “the grand canyon experience” from there you can walk to most places. Do most of your souvenir shopping at the Grand Canyon Experience – they’re fair priced and offer a great variety. The South Point – Hotel &amp; Casino is right across the way complete with bowling alley, cinema, arcade, child care and a great buffet. I highly doubt the Grandview would still be above ground without the South Point around to pick up its slack. Overall – It’s a nice place to stay if you don’t really care where you are. I wouldn’t buy the timeshare if I was serious about my investment, and had already seen many presentations. Just because it’s the cheapest doesn’t mean you’re getting anything special.	
Jun 19 2007	Lacks Customer Service	The front desk staff at the Grandview could use some lessons in &quot;Customer Service&quot; AND courtesy. They will not link group rooms or assign your room until check in. We had reserved 5 rooms for 5 nightsand ended up on the smoking floor because that was all that was left by the time we checked in. Since we made the reservations for our family trip weeks in advance, I was furious. It is doubtful we will stay at the Grandview again. Too many places in Vegas value their customers and treat you with the respect you deserve. I'd rather staysomwhere that cares if you are there, whether you are an &quot;owner&quot; or not.	
Jun 19 2007 	Beautiful clean and close to the strip but beware....	Recently had a very last minute trip to Vegas come my way it was on a 3 day weekend so knowing time was short I was really wary of last minute prices as they can be high! Found the Grandview to be rated exceptionally high with very low rates (suspicious...) I booked it and took a chance and was very glad we did, the room was fantastic so new we were the first to ever stay in it, clean all modern full kitchen, laundry in your room, a mini suite in pristine condition. However these are timeshares and this is why I say beware as a renter (non-Owner) your are greeted warmly and well but then enticed into taking the tour they dangle Free show tickets at you, Free dining credits you name it and for 90 minutes of you time its a good deal if you want to save some money, but we were held in a room and handled by 2-3 people for well over 2 hours because they didnt seem to understand No Thank You! and this is why I say beware, its well worth the money to have such fine accomadations just know what comes along with the wonderful price of admission.	
Jun 18 2007 	Nice Place	The Grandview is a great place to stay if you are going to be in Vegas for more than a few days. If you get tired of being on the strip, then you can just relax by the beautiful pool. The jacuzzi tub in the room is very nice, especially after a long day of walking on the strip, and the bathroom is HUGE!!! One tip for those going....use the bus system to get to the strip if you don't have a rental car. The bus is easy to use, and picks you up very close to Grandview. Just be sure to give yourself at least an hour on the bus to get to the strip.	
Jun 11 2007	Stayed twice now want to own	This is the second time that we have stayed at the grand view, and this time we also stayed at the bellagio as well, it was nice to compare life off and on the strip, We love it at the grand view, the rooms are simple yet luxurious, having a kitchen is so perfect being able to buy drinks and have constant ice on tap and the option to eat in if you fancy it is delightful, and a sad thing to confess on our honeymoon is that we actually came back with every item of clothing in our suitcase was clean and dry thanks to the super efficient washer dryers, The rooms are clean and loads of towels and nice touches, the jacuzzi is a lovely touch however is quite noisy and you feel you ought not be in there too long for the sake of the neighbours, the swimming pools out side are lovely and the two spas are also very enjoyable i feel they will need to expand on the outside area as more buildings go up, yes we did que for the parking permit and did go for the presentation it took 2 hours but we walked away with 2 show tickets for 70 bucks so we considered it worth whileyou do need to hire a car here as it is far from the strip and the trolley bus is annoying (we did that last year and got very tedious) its nice to be able to be on the strip when you want to be and be away when you do, we spent every evening in the south point which is a really friendly casino and you get to know the waitresses and the dealers lots of free drinks on tap, we went to see spamalot Superb!! and also Ka i didnt really enjoy it! all in all it is a great place to stay i would agree with the noise issues with neighbours partially i could hear coins dropping on the floor and on the last night at 3am all i could here was an inconsidereate idiot using the hot tub for an 1hour we intend to go back asap and as soon as we can afford it will be buying time share here it really is a great place to stay	
May 16 2007 	Love our place	We are owners here at the Grand View and have stayed here twice already. Check in is always quick and easy, the rooms are very nice and I don't know why someone is complaining about the bed, I had the best nights sleep on it. The people are always friendly..and folks if you don't want to go on the upgrade &quot;tour&quot; DON'T GO! It's optional...not the resorts fault you decided to go and didn't like it. We went the first year, we did not go the second. There is never any obligation to go. We enjoy the activities they have, the food run shuttle, and the new deli/pizza place. The only issues we have are the chairs. When people slide them across the floor it is very noisy and we had a group of people above us that I swear sat in the chair and scooted themselves around the entire room. I also think that the shuttle service to the tropicana should come back..that was very convenient for us our first year out. All in all I'm glad we own here and look forward to going back in November.	
May 4 2007 	Beware of the Sales pitch	We were hoping our first time there as official timeshare owners would be painless but that was short lived when they duped us into spending almost 2 hours attending an upgrade sales pitch. Anyone not expecting the sales pitch should beware.The second night there we lost power to half of the 1 bedroom unit. They blamed it on a light bulb burning out causing the circuit breaker to kick out. (huh....?) We didn't realize until the next day after they fixed the breaker that 3 of the outlets also didn't work. We reported that on Wed. and they still didn't have that fixed when we left the following Sat.Although the sales person trying to sell us the upgrade told us there was Wi-Fi in all the rooms we found that not to be true and the only place there was, was in the main lobby.Excluding all the above, staying there was tolerable.As the resort is still relatively new all was clean and tidy. Hopefully that will still be the case when they complete the additional 20 buildings/towers that are in the works.	
May 4 2007 	- A Great Location Super Service 	What a great trip to Las Vegas - Grandview. Check-in was fast but when you go to get your &quot;parking pass” or any other items at guest services be expected to go through a quick sales pitch about the resort and taking a tour. There is a brunette there and her name is Janey... she is so over sold on the timeshare tours that she will make you feel bad if you don’t take a tour. It’s best to say you’re tired and that you will get back to them. We never did and they never called us either. Using the internet was a pain because it was only in the lobby... but it’s nice to have and it is FREE to use. The room was exactly represented by other guests as ALL rooms in this resort are exactly the same. A two bedroom is just two, one bedrooms. The room at times could be VERY LOUD because of other guest using their jetted tub. The doors are hallow, so you can hear exactly what goes on in the next room. And when you stay here make sure you close the interior door every time. It does not close automatically. With the not closed it could allow guest from the other unit into your unit. Also there is a $10 surcharge to use the IN-ROOM SAFE. Have YOU ever heard of that? The rooms are well decorated and have DVD players and LARGE TV’s. The activities they offer are ALL geared toward KIDS and they ALL cost MONEY (starting at $1). When staying here makes sure you rent a CAR. I saw the Trolly Twice during my one weeks of vacation. The car rental rate is about $150 per week and is much worth it.. The resort is under construction but it’s not loud or annoying. If you have any questions ask the people in the Orange Shirts and White Pants. These people are really more the restaurant and tour experts.. BOB is awesome and is so smart – he knows every good restaurant and tour. Tamara is awesome at the front desk. If you have any problems please go see her. She can fix anything. Also if you ask for the Lily building you can see all the concerts at South Point.. Overall, the stay went FINE and is not as bad as some have described it. We stayed in the oldest building (built in 2004) and had no problems. I forgot to mention the new airport car rental center is about 2 miles away from the resort.	
Apr 30 2007	Great Las Vegas Location	We spent four nights at the Grandview and I was pleasantly surprised at how comfortable it was. I had read the reviews about how thin the walls were and was worried I would have four sleepless nights. Not the case at all. We had people on either side of us and didn't hear them, their TVs or their showers. We did hear a sound that was much like running water, but this sound was constant, it never stopped. After a while it was like white noise and we didn't notice it any longer. The bed was comfortable. The faux wood blinds weren't room darkening blinds, so it did get quite bright in the bedroom at 6:00 AM. (we had an east facing room) The kitchen was well equipped and the bathroom was huge. We didn't use the Jacuzzi tub, but but it was a nice option to have. Being right next door to the South Point Hotel and Casino was nice. We walked over and had lunch and dinner a few times. We hopped on the freeway to get to the strip, it's so much faster than driving down Las Vegas Blvd. It took us about 10 minutes to get to Tropicana Ave. We used the guest computers and they all worked fine. I printed out our boarding passes and the printer was the fastest printer I had ever used. The resort is also close to the airport. Took us 10 minutes to get to the rental car return location on the day we left. This resort already has three large buildings open and they are in the process of building three more. It's a large resort and they strive to keep their guests happy. I felt that they took good care of us and would definitely stay at the Grandview again. It's nice to be close, but not too close to the crowds and craziness of the strip.	
Apr 7 2007 	Worked for us...	We stayed at the Grandview from March 24-31st and had a great time. The unit was roomy and we loved the big jacuzzi tub. It was so nice to be able to see mountains from our window (we live in Manhattan and are used to seeing traffic and buildings). The bed was comfy and we didn't have any problems with noise. The barbeque area outside was great, we used it a lot, although it seemed like there could have been more outside space given the intended size of the resort. The pools were fine. For the first few days only one was open and so it was pretty crowded and noisy, but after the other one opened all the adults sort of gravitated towards one pool and the children were in the other, so that worked out well.The casino across the street was great! It is really RIGHT across the street, I thought we were going to have to cross Las Vegas Blvd. to get to it, but it's just across a small side road. It was fun to go over there and not have to go all the way to the strip.The only problem we really had with the resort was our own fault, we went to the timeshare presentation. It was over TWO hours and the guy trying to sell to us was overly aggressive and insulting. We received good tickets for enduring the presentation, but honestly, it was such a waste of time and a negative experience that I don't think it was worth it. My advice would be to avoid putting yourself through this.A couple other little things, first, you had to pay cash for everything, at the front desk and at the deli by the pool, which was annoying, but I guess to be expected since it's not a hotel. The room furniture was SUPER heavy and not the most comfortable to actually use. The table was a big round sheet of glass that wasn't connected to the base and I was constantly afraid of breaking it. The staff was odd. They were really friendly most of the time, but there were a couple of times when it was difficult to deal with them. We were trying to find out about the trolley and we asked someone at the front desk about it, he laughed and then said, yeah, I'd get a cab. Umm, okay, thanks buddy. I had to repeatedly ask him until he finally, grudgingly, gave me a schedule. The deal with the trolley, by the way, is that it doesn't always stop at the Grandview, but it does always stop at the South Point Casino next door, so you just need to walk over there. Now, was that so hard to explain???Sounds like I have lots of complaints, but really these are just minor things. We had a great time and I would definitely stay here again. It was great being away from the strip.	
Apr 3 2007 	It's not a Marriott!!!	Stayed there the last week of March. We didn't know what to expect after reading the mixed reviews. Check in was prompt , everyone very courteous with no problems. The unit was clean and neat but carpet in unit and hallways needed cleaning. This building is fairly new but very cheaply built, when opening kitchen cupboard door it hit a ceiling light, another light was hanging out of celing over tub, cheap shower head and no shelves in shower, bed ok but sheets very worn, cooking utensils missing and I called housekeeping for a skillet etc. They were prompt but only had one little skillet and said that is all there was!! Very noisy when water turned on in other units. Unable to use wireless laptop in units, had to go to lobby to use. We were told no plans to do so in all additional buildings going up!! Nicest part was having South Point Casino, buffet, etc next door. We have stayed at many Marriott time shares and believe me, this is no Marriott, they need to take lessons from them!!	
Mar 15 2007 	Not the best lacked service 	Our stay at the Grandview was free due to a change made to our timeshare points - a bonus week. We were never told about going on a tour and since we were owners at one of their resorts in Florida, we were not required to take one - however, we had to fight with the &quot;customer service&quot; people there about it, who claimed they would charge us for the room if we did not take a tour. They eventually figured it out and we did not go &amp; did not pay. We arrived on a VERY windy night and after taking a great while checking in (after paying $25 for a cab since there is no airport shuttle), the person who checked us in did not correctly access our entrance cards, so after hauling all our luggage ourselves to an entirely different building, against the wind, we got to the building and couldn't get in. One of us had to go back to get correct access to the cards. The rooms were nice, not the most comfy furntiture, but it sufficed. The lighting in the bathroom stinks and there were no shelves in the shower for shampoo or anything. The jacuzzi tub was nice, but very loud. We had questions about transportation and were assured no problems before our arrival. Trying to get information from any of the people at the front desk was a complete joke. None of them have a clue about anything! When I called to ask about the Trolley schedule, a lady asked me if I had the schedule. DUH! It is supposed to run every 30 minutes but it doesn't &amp; instead of being picked up at the front, the Trolley stop is in front of a different building without shelter &amp; in the middle of a parking lot. The bus only runs out there once per hour, &amp; although there are plenty of bus stops getting to it from the strip, there aren't any for a long way going towards the strip. We did a LOT of walking. If you think you don't need a car - you're wrong! We ended up renting one on the 3rd day we were there. They boast how convenient that is as the front desk - just call and they'll be there. We requested a rental and were told it would be there at 10:00 AM. Well, they forgot to call, so at 11:00, someone was there to pick us up to take us to a rental place. We got back with the car at 3:00 PM - totally wasting half a day. Rent one from the airport and all will be fine!The people at the front desk didn't even know about restaurants in the next casino or where a grocery store was. FYI - there is a 7-11 and some other little grocery store about 1 mile north, &amp; a larger one further north &amp; only one restaurant is open next door late. The buffet there was fabulous though (the Southpoint Casino) - so much to choose from &amp; cheaper than those on the strip.If you stay at the Grandview - it is nice and they certainly leave you alone because there is no service there, but be prepared with your own transportation. And make sure your entry cards are given correct access the first time!	
Mar 12 2007 	Inadequate security measures	As owners of at this timeshare we were eagerly awaiting our first trip. we were pulled into a further timeshare presentation in order to secure tickets to one of the shows at discounted prices. The presentation went on and on, at one stage they stated the week (47) we purchased had no buying power to secure holidays in the RCI Brochure elsewhere. When we returned to our rooms and tried to access our safe the safe had been blocked. I managed to access my safe using a default code. The management told me I couldnt possibly have done this. I asked for my roomlock to be interrogated and discovered that an engineer had accessed my room unlawfully. I had 150 Dollars missing from my safe. The same story unfolded in the next room they had 200 Dollars missing. I recall on the same evening the On Call engineer being sent from room to room unlocking safes. The Management stated they had never had any similar incidents, however on an other occasion an engineer entered our Condo on the basis of changing Bulbs. The mangement have failed to answer our concerns and appears not to have any Complaints Procedure which is Tangible and transparent. They have simply brushed it under the carpet.	
Feb 28 2007	Excellent Value	If you're smart, you can steal this place for a few bucks a night. It has all the comforts of a nice little apartment. Way more amenities then you'd get on the strip for 4x's the loot. I enjoyed partying on the crowded strip, then retiring to the quiet retreat of the Grandview. You need a rental car to get around but it's a 10 minute drive to the strip w/o traffic, or a 3 hour drive if traffic is heavy. Walls are thin...plumbing is a bit noisy, but for $68 a night...shut up! I booked this place online and prepaid, so...I never had to deal with any timeshare salesmen at all. Boulevard Bar and Grill across the street is open 24hrs. Quality food. Reasonable prices. Tommy is an AWESOME bartender. Take care of him. Next door to the South Point Casino. Pleasantly nice, loose slots..tons of stuff to do, movies theaters , bowling..shows. I will stay here again for sure.	
Feb 25 2007 	Horrible Beds No comfort!!	The grandview is great but the beds are extremely uncomfortable. They need to update the matress is all of the rooms. The other amenities are great. Overall very good stay. Friendly staff, extremely clean rooms and spacious. Affordable prices.	
Feb 6 2007 	Rooms ok the rest isn't...	I stayed here over the Super Bowl weekend and got an awesome deal thru Orbitz but that's where the good ends. Check in was extremely slow even though there was no line. The man at the service desk took fifteen minutes looking at his screen. Then instead of just giving us the piece of paper that is the so-called &quot;parking pass&quot;, he sent us five steps over to the concierge. This is where they try to hawk the timeshare part but if you're not interested, then they stop. They gave us the wrong directions to our rooms (for those who will stay here, you will know why this matter. You go outside and drive to one of the next buildings if you have a car, walk if you don't) Even though the building is fairly new, probably less than 5-6 years old, it is already showing wear and tear. Our cabinet door in our room fell off the hinge. The area around the bathroom sink had water damage. The blinds in the room does not move to flip to the other direction to block out the sunlight. The room was ok but the walls are not paper thin, they're paper tissue thin! I stayed in places where you can hear the noises next door but this place is ridiculous. Everytime the unit next door turn on their water(shower, toilet, tub), it is like a tsunami going through your room. This is the main reason I will never stay at this place again. It was so loud, unnecessary loud. They charge for daily housekeeping which I wonder if they ever change the sheets b/c it looks so used and old. I looked at the housekeeping cart and noticed there were only a few set of sheets in her cart. That really makes me wonder. You need a car to stay here if you want to visit the strip which is less than 15 minutes away. My overall experience was not too good except for the price i paid. I go to Vegas quite a bit and have stayed at MGM, Aladdin, Monte Carlo, NYNY, Stratosphere, Excaliber, The Residence Inn, Fairfield Inn, and others. The price wasn't worth it in the end.	
Feb 1 2007 	Beautiful Resort	This was my husbands and my first trip to Las Vegas and WOW!The Grandview was the perfect place to stay, not only was our unit clean, well maintained, spacious, and beautifully decorated it was the perfect distance from all the hustle and bustle of the strip without being too far out! A car ride takes about 15 minutes with no traffic, but had taken us as long as 45 minutes to get to the Aladdin with traffic. The staff was very accomodating, from allowing us to check in around noon to use of the corpoprate center well after midnight, to check out. The service never waivered!Though we did not take advantage of the pool(s) area, or the BBQ area, they too were clean, and inviting. The onsite snack bar was well stocked with just about anything you could need and the game room would have been tops had our teenagers come along with us. The jacuzzi tub in the room was great after a long day or evening walking the strip, however it is requested you do not use during the hours of 10 pm to 8 am, which is a bit inconvenient, but it is so you dont disturb your neighbors. The only complaint I had were the walls (and ceilings) are very thin and you can hear the ongoings in the adjacent apartment(s). We would reccommend this resort to anyone, whether you are young or old, single, married with or without children. We will definitely stay again!	
Feb 1 2007 	Perfect for our party of 8	We stayed at the Grandview the week of Jan 6-Jan 13th and had a great stay! The place was absolutely spotless. We were a party of 8--2 parents and 6 college kids. We had a 2 bedroom suite connected by a common foyer. We put all the kids on one side, and my husband and I had the other half which worked out perfectly. We did a hugh Costco run on Sunday &amp; because of the kitchens, we were able to eat the bulk of our meals at the condo. This is a hugh plus not eating out every meal, especially when you're traveling with 8 people. We used pretty much everything that the place offered. We did laundry on a daily basis, cooked out at the gas grills by the pool, and the kids loved the jacuzzi. South point hotel across the street was a big plus. The kids could get the city bus in front of the hotel to go to the strip. They offered a real cheap breakfast after midnight along with .99 bowling. Make sure you take a drive to the Grand Canyons. Because it was off peak, we were able to book the mule ride which was an absolute experience of a lifetime! Would definately stay there again!	
Jan 31 2007 	Beautiful Rooms	We had a great stay here, we had two units right next to each other. Our children stayed in one and my hubby and I in the other. We stayed in the newer of the buildings, It was great. Although it is a little further down the strip it is still close to shops, and a Casino right next door. The casino has a great bowling alley with over 50 lanes so the kids loved it.The service was great but I must admit that the front office staff are a little up tight and they really dont seem to know much about anything. The computers went down in the internet room and no one could tell me what happened or when they would be back on.Overall it was a great stay and in the holidays they do have a childrens workshop which we found very good.The walls are very thin, and if your planning of having a spa bath later in the evening after a big night of gambling or a show, forget it there are time limits on when you can have them because the walls are so thin.	
Jan 22 2007	Very nice off the strip stay	We spent a week here ,Jan. 6th thru 13th, for our parents 50th anniversary. 6 of us stayed quite comfortably in a two bedroom suite. Both fully equipped. The Southpointe next door was wonderful!! We ate meals there very cheaply and meals were excellent. Steak,eggs, hash browns and toast Monday thru Fri. Until 9 a.m. for 2.95. Do not take trolley!! Double decker buses way to go with pass for week very cheap and they run all day up and down strip. Just be aware they only run til midnight to Grandview. Don't get caught sitting at bus stop after midnight or no ride back!! Grandview was clean and staff friendly and willing to give info for golf, etc.Would definitely stay again!! Enjoy your stay! Lorrie P. Delaware, Ohio	
Jan 5 2007	Fabulous Grandview at Fabulous Las Vegas!	We actually stayed at the Grandview Resort by trading a timeshare week we own. We had stayed at the Mirage hotel 5 years ago, and I must say the Grandview was much more worth the money!! Partly because the rooms are all suites and have full kitchens, but also because it's just far enough off the strip to be quiet all the time.  It is a few miles from the strip, which means you need to rent a car or take a cab, but there is also a shuttle service which comes to the hotel periodically. The staff was also very helpful &amp; extremely friendly the entire time we were there. This is definitely a wonderful place to stay!	
Jan 1 2007 	So so mediocre	Went there as part of a family trip -- not my choice and not my taste. A bleak and desolate place once you leave your rooms. While the apartment itself is clean, nicely equipped and spacious, almost everything else is awful. There is permanent construction noise (starting incredibly early -- around 7:30/8) -- there are currently 2 buildings in the complex and they are planning 10, so be prepared for ongoing work. The walls are paper thin and the sound of water running in the surrounding apartments is so loud that you can't hear anything else. The location is incredibly isolated from the Strip and, while we had a car, the drive to the Strip takes awhile and there is literally nothing around in walking distance except for the Southpoint Casino, which pales after a while. The common spaces are jammed full of timeshare tours, at all hours of the day and into the night. The &quot;internet room&quot; has only 3 computers and children using them constantly. The pool looks nice but it's much too cold to use it at this time of year.	
Dec 11 2006 	Best spot and Price if u rent a car	The Grandview at Las vegas is fairly new , i believe it was built in 2003, so everything still looks and feels new. The 1 bedroom suite has more room then any of the on strip hotels and for half the price.( King size Bed and Jet Tub too) plus full kitchen with all the utensils). Yes u are about a 10 minute drive south of the strip, but the money u save in staying here covers the cost of a compact car rental for the week, PLUS u are right next door to the south coast casino which is only opened in Nov 05. This casino has excellent prices and food selections at their resturants. They also have a bowling alley and theatre inside ! U can't go wrong staying here, as i for 1 enjoyed the use of the car to drive to the strip hotels(Their parking is free)and having 2 outdoor pools and a hot tub to enjoy that wasnt ever crowded.Also the peace and quiet away from the strip is nice.Quick directions from airport is go south on paradise rd (Airport exit) to 215 west, 215 west to Las Vegas Blvd exit, then south about 10 minutes to the Grandview on your right side right beside the large South coast casino. ( no way u can miss it) It wasour 1st time in Vegas and we enjoyed it so much we are returning in Mar07. pS: GO to the Grand Canyon, it is worth the drive(4-5 hrs each way) We left at 7 got there at noon and the left at 4pm and was back at the room by 9pm. $45 in gas gets u there and back ! But Fill up in Boulder city as no gas stations for miles after that! . I t is truely a site ! of a lifetime not to be Missed! The most amazing natural site ive ever seen! Dont pay for someone else to drive u in a overloaded uncomfortable van that will cost u $125 each! unless u have lots of money to burn, Ps: if u do then send some my way! . Enjoy your trip!	
Dec 5 2006 	Timeshare folks too pushy!	Hey Folks,Just got in from Vegas yesterday. We had a blast. We spent 4days &amp; 3 nights (Fri-Mon). We stayed at the Grandview Resort. The accomodations were ok, nothing too spectacular for a timeshare. Everytime the water was turned on for a shower or bath either from the room next to or above us the sound of the running water was extremely loud, as if the water was running in our room. The room also had an odor about it. We asked for a air freshener or something to make the room smell clean. no one ever accomodated us. The Grandview can't compare to Fairfields Grand Desert. The RCI salesperson was much too pushy. To be nice I could say he was on the passionate side when it came to RCI timeshares. But his passion turned into just plain rude and inconsiderate. The new South Point Casino is adjacent to the Grandview. The South Point was very well equipped for everyone. It has accomodations for the kids. A movie theatre, bowling alley, and gameroom. I say if you've got kids just stay at the South Point Casino rather than at the Grandview.	
Nov 22 2006 	quiet relaxation	We booked the Granview through RCI and spent a week there. It was a wonderfully relaxing week. Of course, we were expecting the requisite timeshare pitch, but they didn't push it when we declined, like many other places. We had a one bedroom unit. It was spacious. We used the kitchen for many of our meals. We also had a few friends come to stay with us for a few days, and there was still plenty of room. We loved relaxing by the pools and dipping in the hottub. We rented a car, because we hate having to rely on other people for transportation. It was a quick 5-10 minute drive up to the strip. There is free parking at every casino, so there were no worries there. And if you just wanted to play a few games, without seeing the sights, the South Coast was next door and a very nice casino with LOTS to do inside.We HIGHLY RECOMMEND the Grandview if you really want to relax between trips to the casinos.	
Nov 14 2006 	Great Pool	We all justed loved our time at Grandview. The pool was great, the unit was clean and pretty. The staff was nice, and helpful. The only thing I could say that I did not like was there was no schuttle service to and from the strip. We were told by RCI and the hotel that there was but when we arrived the front desk let us know they no longer had a shuttle service. They do have a taxi stand the cost is about twenty dollars to and from the strip. There is a casino right next door to the Grandview and that is nice, because you have a place to go eat or get coffee etc. My friends and I will stay here again. Thank you	
Nov 8 2006 	Nice Place but no shuttle	The Grandview is a nice place to stay, however, they use to provide a shuttle to the strip on a frequent basis. I was told by the administrative staff that they will no longer provide a shuttle at all, you will have to get a rental car or catch a trolley for $2.50 each way or $6.50 per day round trip. That sucks!	
Oct 29 2006 	Pros and Cons...	OK, here's the list..PROS: 1) Beautiful units! New, tile floors, Pottery Barn-ish decor and furnishings. Kitchen was fantastic.2) Swimming pools were fabulous! Lots of deck space and great hot tubs. Waterfall was not operating, but still enjoyable.3) Located away from strip...lets you get away from the hustle and bustle4) South Coast is next door. If this casino were not here, I would not have enjoyed the stay at all.CONS:1) With the tile floors comes noise from dining chairs next to, above and below the room. 2) Not alot of insulation between rooms. Could hear people on both sides when talking on phones. Could hear water running, but that's not a really big deal.3) Muzak in lobby and around pool is SO loud! I don't understand why...4) Shuttle situation is poor! This is perhaps the worst part of the place. There is a grocery shuttle 1 time per day and they only let 1 person per room go unless there is room. There is no shuttle from airport. It is approximately $20 from the Grandview to Mandalay Bay, so getting the trolley pass is best bet. HOWEVER, the trolley is supposed to run on the 1/2 hour, but was late almost every time we took it. Sometimes people had waited an hour to get it. A place of this caliber and price should have shuttles to the grocery store more than once a day (and at noon, at that!) and should have some other options.IF YOU GO:Rent a car...if nothing else, just to get you around the grocery store, outlet center and to the strip. However the lot is totally full and then some in the evenings. Cab from airport is about $20-25.Bring a fan or something for white noise if you are a light sleeper.Overall, I give my trip a 7. The property is beautiful, but again, for this caliber of place, more amenities w/ regard to shuttles should be provided.I'd stay again, but rent a car and bring fan to drown out noise from other units.	
Oct 28 2006 	Good if you're not looking for quality!!!!!!	We stayed here for 7 days and spent most of it in our unit because it just felt that homelike. Night time in the units are a different story. The walls are paper thin and you can hear every little step the neighbors next to you are doing. In our case, we had a crying child. The curtains are fairly thin, so all the security lights from outside shined right into our windows. We also had the most uncomfortable bed ever. We actually found that the pull out bed was more comfortable. Although, this may just be an opinion. As far as the unit's amenities, I was quite upset to find that there was no ashtrays (even though we're not smokers), no batteries in the remotes, no coffee pot, and the washing machine and blender were broken. Even with several calls to the front desk, the only thing that was resolved was a coffee pot arriving days later by a gentleman that didn't speak English and couldn't answer any other questions I had. There was a very strange setup with the dressers as well. We found ourselves hanging things in the family/living room next to the television because the entertainment unit is also part of a 6-drawer dresser and closet...very bizarre if you ask me. There is only one place to get food on site - it is a little cafe next to the pool. The food there was horrible...absolutely horrible. I ordered a sandwich one day - terrible. Later in the week, I was SO hungry, I broke down, went over there, and ordered a salad. Who can screw up a salad? They can...trust me. Even the front desk recommended not going there.We didn't feel being on the strip was necessary, but to get there, you should get a car. Although trolleys are supplied pretty frequently, we didn't use them. Cabs are pretty expensive to get to the main strip - mainly because of heavy traffic. However, even renting a car found us looking for places to park - which most hotels have free valet. However, right next door is 'South Coast'. They have unbelievable restaurants and personnel (although somewhat expensive). All their slots were between a penny and quarter slots. Their high roller room was between $1 and $20 slots. I don't know about you, but this hit my budget just perfectly.The last thing I can say about this place was how I couldn't get internet in the rooms. They say you can, but I had to go down the front desk area to get any sort of signal. I was so cramped, I actually ended up spilling my soda on my laptop and ended up having to use their computers anyway. Please make sure you don't need to do any sort of work that involves anything sort of concentration or lengthy attention because the computers are set to restart every 15 minutes along with the fact that you have tours going on every 20 seconds. It was quite disturbing to hear 'And this is our internet room, but who works on vacation' 500 times in a matter of a few minutes...not to mention the fact that I basically became a tour staple. I am going to leave you with the fact that although all these things didn't make me the happiest, I wasn't miserable. I enjoyed staying there - mainly because of South Coast being next door. Without them, the Grandview would be nothing.	
Oct 23 2006 	Great stay in Las Vegas!	This hotel-time share is worthy of the &quot;Gold Crown&quot;..check in went great..everyone was very helpful and went out of their way to may sure we had a great stay!The main attraction for this place is the fact that the &quot;South Coast Casino&quot; was across the street....a very short walk! At this casino..everything you would like...great breakfast buffet...slots...theaters...bowling lanes, etc.!Easy drive to the &quot;strip&quot; on Las Vegas Blvd!!	
Oct 8 2006 	so convenient	We are owners of a timeshare at the Grandview and this was our first time to visit. We arrived on Sep 8th and departed on the 15th. We rented a car although we had heard of the shuttle service and the trolley car transportation. We had several people flying in from different parts of the country, and felt we needed the freedom and room of our own vehicle. We were very pleased with the check in service---fast and informative. We had a two bedroom, which accommodated six of us very well. We went to a nearby grocery store (about 2 miles) and purchased items for breakfasts and snacking. We prepared breakfast each day as we planned our outings. We were relaxed and leisurely. Our biggest pleasure was the convenience of the South Coast casino right next door. Those who wanted to gamble or eat at different times could do so easily by just walking across the street. We found the buffet pretty much like most of them in the casinos on the strip and the Silverado Steakhouse was excellent!! We ate there twice. The pools were beautiful and not crowded at all, although we only walked through the pool area, and never actually went swimming. There was a lot of construction going on, but we were never bothered by any of it. The only noise that was a little bothersome was the running water in the room next door. When they used the shower or bath, it sounded like it was in our room. One of the complaints I had read about in other reviews was the light coming in the windows early in the morning. Evidently, that has been addressed, because our rooms had beautiful wooden blinds beneath our sheers. It is nice to see they are trying to take care of the complaints that they are getting.The kitchen was very well furnished. There wasn't a thing we needed that wasn't there, except some storage bowls for opened or uneaten items--like cheese, sliced tomatoes, etc. Next time I will know to buy ziplock bags or glad throw away containers. All in all, everything was more than we had anticipated and we were very happy with our stay.	
Oct 3 2006 	Fine Condo Hotel But Not a Resort	We stayed here on a $150 week coupon from RCI. While the resort is almost new, it already shows wear and tear and the common areas could use a good scrubbing e.g. scuff marks everywhere and we noticed small items on the hallway carpet that were there all week. The pool area is not luxurious and the position of the buildings had it in shadow by 3 pm. It's 7miles to the strip but the new but bland South Coast Casino is next door. The retaurants are OK (the Mexican is the best) The time share tour was not hard sell but we've been through enough of them to recognize the sales puffery and that the Grandview would be a very poor investment ($12,000) to say the least.All in all a fine place if you are just looking for someplace to relax between trips to the strip or for sightseeing in the desert.	
Sep 20 2006 	Very pleased with the Grandview	We are timeshare owners at the Grandview and this was our first stay here. We were really very pleased with the apartment and the facilities overall and the staff at reception were polite and helpful. Having the south coast next door was great, good place to eat and meant that you didn't always have to go up to the strip.Our only minor negative point was that the trolley bus and the free shuttle up to the strip were not all that regular and we ended up hiring a car. We enjoyed our holiday and would not hesitate to recommend the Grandview and we will most definitely be coming back.	
Sep 6 2006	Nice but not great	We stayed at the Grandview for 5 days in August. It was okay. We had a nice one bedroom suite that was nicely appointed. We did not have any of the noise problems that the previous reviewers had mentioned. We did have some &quot;smells&quot; that came from the unit next door when they were cooking, but it really wasn't particularly unpleasant. The accommodations were nice and clean and the bed was comfortable. We used the gym 3 days and it was fine. A few treadmills, 2 ellipticals and a couple bikes and weight machines. Would have been nice to have some dumbbells/free weights. My husband and I own at the Fairfield Grand Desert and the Grandview is certainly not as nice. If you considered the Fairfield as a Marriott or comparable, the Grandview would be like a Holiday Inn. I would recommend the Grandview to families with kids. Their resort activities seem more geared towards kids. And not if you were planning to spend a lot of time at the &quot;Strip.&quot; (We didn't use it at all, but) the shuttle looked like it was way too small for the lines of people that were waiting. I would rent a car because you are at least 10 minutes from the south end of the Strip.The best thing was that the South Coast Hotel &amp; Casino was right next door. We ate there every day and the Big Sur Oyster Bar has great food! If you are going to stay that far south of the Strip you may as well stay at the South Coast.	
Sep 4 2006 	Grand time at the Grandview	My father, sister, and I stayed at the Grandview near the end of August. We had a great time at this new timeshare. We also had never been to Vegas before, so we didn't know exactly what to expect. The rooms were great, very modern decorating, tile floors, etc. You could tell how new the property really was. The only noise we encountered was running water from the room above as well as the chairs on the floors. Nothing really to complain about. There are two small pools with more than enough chairs for sunbathing. On Mondays there is a welcome meeting with free juice, coffee, and breakfast goodies. The internet room was usually always full, but people respected the 15 minute limit on the computers. The shuttle was great, there really was no need to rent a car. Even though there are two shuttles as it gets later into the night, we found that they were full and people went to wait in line almost 1/2 hour ahead of time. This was frustrating but it is very easy to pick up a cab to bring you back. Always keep some extra money handy in case this problem occurs. On a tight budget, we bought our tickets to shows at the 1/2 price ticket store. The first one on the strip is in a giant coke bottle. We went to a magic show and to the show called Splash. Splash was a good variety show and highly recommended. Check out was easy, and we booked a cab to bring us to the airport and he was already waiting for us with his trunk open when we got to the lobby. Cab fare to/from the airport is about $22. All in all, a great find, a bit further away from all the hustle and bustle, but in a relaxing and new setting which will definitely be buzzing with business very shortly.	
Sep 4 2006	Over promised under delivered	We needed to go to Las Vegas for the MAGIC tradeshow for a week and I saw some great rates. My main concern before booking was internet access and transportation as the Grandview is ALL THE WAY DOWN AT THE END OF THE STRIP - soooo NOT close. I called TWICE - the first to ask and the second time to confirm - and I was told the following:1) Internet - Dial up is available in the rooms ( ugh!) But you can use wireless downstairs in the main lobby or use their computer room (for 15 minutes MAX before the systems boots you out). 2) Shuttle Service - They have a shuttle that runs all the time.Point number 1 was correct and managable. Point number 2 was a blatant LIE. They DO have a shuttle, but it doesn't start until 10am. (Our tradeshow started at 8am). Also, there is some quirky hour at 8:30pm that they just don't pick up. So anyone looking to come back to the hotel from the strip (between 7:35pm and 9:25pmwould have to wait until the 9:30pm shuttle. That sucked and they don't point it out to you. Needlesstosay, I was not HONESTLY informed of the shuttle's limitations until AFTER I was checking in. I was furious - what's the use in calling ahead if you're going to be lied to?? ALSO, keep in mind that they tell you on the printed sheet with the shuttle times that the return ride picks you up at the REGISTRATION area of the Tropicana. LIE. You have to go around to the back where the buses drop off - they don't tell you this at the Grandview OR at the Tropicana - they just assume you'll figure it out.Other issues: When we got in, we had tons of luggage and we arrived a little late - around 12:30am as our flight was delayed. The guy who checked us in, CHRIS, informed us that we would have to lug all our stuff to the room (which took him 20 minutes to find our reservation as they are completely disorganized) without a rolling cart. He even said he'd go look for one and then told us there weren't any. While my husband and I were struggling to get our bags to the room at the far end of the complex, we encountered SEVERAL rolling carts which further exemplified the staff's either laziness or lack of care for the guests.Maid service - We were there for a week. They say that housekeeping will come in the middle of the week to clean up a little. NEVER HAPPENED.Pool towels - If you get to the pool later in the evening, better bring your own towel b/c they will not replenish them throughout the day.Taxi to the strip - Be prepared to rent a car or find other means of transportation to get around. To the convention center, we spent $35 one way or $25 to the edge of the strip. TOO EXPENSIVE.South Coast Casino - Pretty nice as its right next door. Get the fun book - it's pretty valuable and you can save a little money. Their shuttle starts at 8am - take it if you don't want to have to wait 2 more hours for the Grandview's.Food - There's a little convenience store up the street at the Shell gas station and a little further on the opposite side (Jay's) for small groceries. In the mini mall with the Shell station, there's a great liquor store - they have a good selection for reasonable pricing. Also, across the street from the Grandview and the South Coast is a little 24hr restaurant called the Boulevard. The food's good and a less expensive than the South Coast's place. Try the spinach/bacon pizza and the ceasar salad - we enjoyed it!Construction - We were in the far building of the complex. The SAGE building is right across from the new wing they constructing. They start early and there's probably some noise related. See if you can get a room in one of the other buildings.All in all, the hotel rooms at the Grandview were nice. I would go back only if I was completely on vacation and wasn't expecting to go to the strip a lot. You need a car there and a lot of money to travel. Don't expect the staff to be very accomodating or competent.	
Aug 13 2006 	I FELL IN LOVE	I just LOVED,LOVED,LOVED, my stay at the GRANDVIEW AT LAS VEGAS. Everything was wonderful. The units are beautiful and the view I had was awesome. The resort as a package was really outstanding. I cannot forget to say the staff from top to bottom was so pleasant,just great all around.I did not want for anything.I cannot wait to return,hopefully I will be there again before the year is out. I AM IN LOVE.	
Aug 12 2006 	Our week at the Grandview	We stayed at the Grandview for a week 7/27 on by using our RCI points. I wanted to originally stay closer to the action but knew I was renting a car so I booked Grandview. I was pleased! I read a lot of the reviews on TA and I was unsure if I was going to ever get any sleep since a lot of reviews talked about the construction noise. I heard nothing. We stayed on the 5th floor in the Sage Building. The room was very clean except for the carpet which had a few stains but I only looked at them 1 time while I was there. The couch however is HARD AS A ROCK so be prepared. Our internet worked fine and for printing I went over to the computer room and used the free computers there. No one ever called or approached us about any timeshare presentations. I bet it was because we already had a timeshare with RCI. I will say though that we stayed in NYC using our points and were hounded everyday to attend a presentation. The room like I said was very clean and the kitchen was nice so we did not have to eat out for every meal. The bed was comfortable and the AC worked great! One tip with the sleeping, in the bedroom there are only blinds no curtains so the sun shines in which is a drag. Luckily I read that information from another review writer so I asked for another blanket and hung the blanket over the window with some binder clips I brought with me. LOL! It worked like a charm and we slept like Kings!! I will give you another tip which other reviewers were so right about. The noise from other rooms, I swear there has to be no insulation between the floors of these rooms as I heard the neighbor above us every time they got up from the kitchen table. I was prepared for that while we were sleeping as I brought a fan to drown out all of that noise. There are no ceiling fans so if you like a fan...take one with you. Any time we needed towels I just called and they were brought over within 20 mins with the exception of 1 time that they never came but I had enough anyways. The parking is tough at night. You can never park close to your building. As far as the strip, yes it was about a 7-8 min drive but as long as you have a car you have nothing to worry about. Valet the car at one of the central casinos and you are in the heart of it all. I would recommend Grandview as it was a good experience overall and I would stay there again. We went to see the show KA and it was pretty good. You have to keep up or you can not tell what is going on. As far as food... we went to Mesa Grill which is the Bobby Flay restaurant in Caesar’s it was wonderful. Roy's off the strip was amazing as well! We also went to Envy to dine which was in the Renaissance Hotel which is just off the strip, which was so fantastic as well!!!Besides being hot as haydee’s in July my 31st birthday was a great time!!	
Jul 30 2006 	Grand Time at the Grandview	I stayed at the Grandview with my family in May of 2006. We found it to be very clean, roomy and comfortable. We had a one bedroom suite with a pull-out couch in the living room where the kids slept. The kitchen was fully stocked with everything we needed and the washer and dryer were very handy too. They also have a very nice pool area with a waterfall that the kids enjoyed. The staff were all very friendly.The Grandview is on the extreme South end of the Strip so we rented a car and it worked out quite well. We liked being able to go the the Strip and then be able to get away from it when we were ready. Righ next door is the newly built South Coast Casino the has all tha gambling you want as well as cheap meals.The walk in shower is huge and our only complaint (and it's a minor one) is there are no shelves or anywhere to set anything in the shower.Next trip to Vegas we would surely stay at the Grandview again! This is way better than a hotel room on the Strip!	
Jul 17 2006	NICE PLACE!	Well, I read the reviews here before I left. I am EXTREMELY pleased about the resort overall. The rooms were VERY nice and had plenty of amenities. I stayed at the Fairfield last time.. and this is nicer in my opinion.The negative things--which aren't that big of a deal: computer room needs more computers. One morning I was woken by someone's running water. The biggest thing for me was in the bedroom there are no curtains to shut out the lights.. just blinds. once the sun comes out, it makes it much harder to sleep as the sun comes in the room.Get the SouthCoast fun book... best fun book I've seenOh, if they try to have you take a tour or a presentation, they might try to give you a &quot;Casino Royale&quot; $50 free slot play... the lady told me you basically get $50 of slot play and keep the winnings... this is NOT true. Went to the casino royale.. and it's &quot;promotional slots&quot;.. and a COMPLETE JOKE!!!!!!!!!!! It's complete bait and switch/ fraud... do NOT go there EVER!Still, this is a nice place.. not perfect... but very nice... I'd go again in a heartbeat	
Jul 11 2006	Glas I did not invest	I was just in Las Vegas and was solisited to attend a presentation for a time share. it turned out to be the &quot;Grandview At Las Vegas&quot;. I was told at the presentation that this resort is strictly for time sharing only. When we were given a tour of the resort, I asked the question in reference to the people staying at the resort and I was told that these are people on a timeshare trade. Wow here it is being advertise as a hotel by &quot;expedia, orbitz, cheap tickets and hotels&quot; I just realized on why should I invest in this time share (and it wasn't cheap) plus paying a $560 fee a year for upkeeps so I can only use it (as permitted) a week a year when alI I have to do is book the same resort through the above mentioned '.com' web sites.I am glad that I walked out of the presentation without spending over $31000 where I can have this resort for a lot less simply by using it as a hotel when I please.The resort is quite a ways from the strip and if you are in Vegas to enjoy the strip you can do a lot better by staying in one of the hotels on the strip for the same price or less.	
Jun 27 2006	Great Place	We just returned from a great visit at The Grandview. We have stayed in many hotels from The Bellagio to The Lady Luck and found this hotel to be excellent. The room was extremely clean, quiet and full of many amenities. We went to the Gold Coast for most of our meals, but you wouldn't have to if you preferred to cook in the room. We didn't notice the noise that some visitors have complained about. We rented a car prior to coming and were thankful for that. The hotel is pretty far away from anything else you might want to see or visit. We recommend this hotel very highly.	
Jun 26 2006	Not worth it	Wow!!! So, I thought I was getting a great deal because I was able to get a suite for $129.00 a night over the weekend which is unheard of in Vegas. Thursday night I had stayed at the Venetian and then came to the Grandview in the afternoon. I am not a timeshare owner, simply stayed as a guest through an orbitz reservation. I found it quite suprising to find a timeshare on there renting out like a hotel, but I think I understand why now. - Check-in was great, I checked in early at 2pm and they accomidated me without delay and got me in the room, sent me over to the timeshare area where I decided to sign up for the &quot;lecture&quot; and get a free stay in the future. I regret to say this was the highligh of my stay. - Decoration: I do not know who did the decorating but the paint is horrible. It is this dark mustard color and there are no curtains around the windows or any other decorations. I felt like i was at a motel 6 or something. When we entered the room it was nice and clean. - The Pool: Around 3pm we decided to go down to the pool. Before going down we phoned the front desk to inquire whether or not we needed to bring towels and we were informed there were towels down there. When we arrived no towels to be found. When we asked a nice lady who was taking around Otter Pops to all the guests in the pool we were told you had to come down by 2pm to get a towel because the man with the towels leaves after that. That is quite inconvienent since the pool is open from 8am-12midnight. It was quite a ways back to our room so we decided to forget the towels. The pools were rather small and shallow, deepest part 4ft. But lets address the real problem the WATER. The water was as salty as the ocean from all the body sweat and not a trace of chlorine. We were so discusted we decided to get out and return to our room to shower. - The Room:The walls are VERY thin and if you are a light sleeper like myself forget getting in a nap during the day. Also the beds were quite hard and the pillows uncomfortable. It would also be nice if the toilet were more private. Other than those problems no complaints with the room itself - The Timeshare: So we went to the timeshare presentation which for anyone who has gone to one you know how it is. After we explained that we were not interested in purchasing the timeshare for various reasons, mostly we just weren't impressed with the property, they cont. to try to win us over by lowering the price to less than $5000, which I will come back to later. - Problems: there are only 2 elevators in each tower one of the 2 in our tower broke so there was one elevator for 12 floors of guests and no stairs to be found anywhere. Supposedly there are 2 shuttles to go two and fro the strip, one of which broke down so now you could only go once an hour instead of every 30 minutes and most of the time it ran 10-30 late some more like once every 90 minutes. A cab ride will cost you about $20. The handicap doors came off the hindge and was not accessable.Well as I said before I did attend the timeshare presentation and did receive an invite to come back and stay for free for 2 nights. I will be forfieting this offer as I do not wish to return to this resort even for freeAs for those thinking about purchasing this Timeshare, please, PLEASE try it out to make sure this is what you want. As for myself, there were too many things that were quite suspicious:1. offered like a regular hotel through the internet2. Sales must be hurting if they will lower the price by half in order to make a sale after prviously telling you the resort is selling so well they only have 8 units left that they can offer.3. This is a brand new resort and equipment should not be breaking so soon4. If they cannot transport people efficently to and from the strip they will loose a lot of business from people.Again to each his/her own, but for me this place is definetly a disappointment to timeshares.	
Jun 25 2006	Very Nice...Too Far from the Strip	The wife and I went out for a quick, three night stay at the Grandview in June. The rooms were very nice and quiet.(Typical for a new resort) Pool seemed a little small, and very cold. It was the first time I have experienced a 108 degree ambient temp, to my surprise when I was in the pool I thought I would freeze.  We sit through the timeshare pitch, just for the free stuff. It was a little dragged out for us, we sit through those from time to time and this one went for 2.5hrs. The comp wasn't that good either, we had to pay $20 to get the Carrot Top show tickets. And the true Vegas shows were buy one get one free. The shuttles work well, if you don't mind planning your day around them. There are 3 to choose from: the Grandview runs to Tropicana every 1/2 hour til 5or6 then every hour til 2am, The South Coast runs to the BArbary Coast which is a good deal because it's in the center of the strip next to Ballys and the South Strip Trolly runs to the South end of the Strip (didnt experience it). All in all a very nice resort, although point values are over-rated. Cost me 28k points to exchange there for three nights (includes a Saturday)	
Jun 19 2006	Peaceful	We arrived on Friday night and left on Thursday morning; we were scheduled for 2007 rather than 2006. They quickly worked this out! We received wine and coupons for restaurants, etc. The casino next door is new and awesome--the only place where we didn't just throw money away. My husband and I enjoyed sitting at the picnic table early in the morning and late at night; next year we will cook outside. The breeze and clean air are refreshing. The suite is supplied with all necessities one can imagine; we loved having an in-suite washer, dryer, dishwasher, jacuzzi tub (wonderful), and shower. According to our guests, the sofa bed was very uncomfortable, but the regular bed was fine. We will return at least once/year.	
Jun 16 2006	Married In Vegas 	I was married in Las Vegas on May 14, 2006. I chose to stay at the Grandview because I bought a time-share there two years ago. At the time I bought the time-share, it was still being built, so I had no idea of what the real place was going to look like. I was nervous about how everything would look, but I ended up having a fabulous time! The rooms were fantastic! They were particularly great for a honeymoon suite [the jacuzzi tub--wink, wink]. They put all of our guests right next to each other. We cooked and hung out; plenty of room for everyone. We did have two rental cars, which was nice because it is a few miles down from all the main action, but I loved being out of the busy part of the strip. The resort was much more relaxing than being right in the middle of the strip, I thought. I'm young, but the Strip wipes me out, and it was nice to have a relaxing place to go back to. The hotel staff was very accomodating and very fun. We were in good spirits and they joked along right with us. We checked in very quickly and they were always helpful if we needed anything. The shuttle was also fine. My husband and I want to go back every year! All of my friends had a fantastic time, as well. My brother became very interested in looking into a timeshare and asked a bunch of questions; I think it was clear he really liked the place. We planned everything in 4 weeks and I'm so glad the resort was so accomodating. I can't stress enough how wonderful of a time we had there. And, everyone made money at the South Coast, right next door! Even though the South Coast wasn't as crazy as some of the other busy casinos, there again, it was nice to have some space, and just have fun gambling in a cozy environment. There were a lot of things to do at the South Coast that we didn't have time to check out. People were content to just go next door rather than go to the busy strip. The whole experience was great and I recommend the Grandview to anyone! Please let me know if I can answer any questions!	
Jun 14 2006	Nice inside but a hike from anything	Overall I'd recommend the Grandview. My biggest complaints were: the distance from the strip (5 miles from Mandalay Bay), the lack of wireless in the room and the horrible parking.As much as it is nice to be away from the crowds around the strip, it is very far away from anything. You definitely need a car to get to and fro. They do have a shuttle but we didn't want to get stuck late after the bus stopped running or be faced with a full bus and have to take a taxi back to the hotel.We stayed Memorial Day weekend and the strip was a zoo. Friends at a strip hotel complained about the noise there. I was happy to return to the very quiet Grandview.The parking is terrible. They didn't plan enough spots and it's hard to find a spot near the building. It wasn’t just the holiday weekend as I ended up back there for a day 2 weeks later and the parking was no better.It may be petty but you would think that in new construction you would put wifi in the rooms. There was wifi in the hotel lobby (which didn't work one day) and a computer room off the lobby but I would rather not check email or do business in a crowded room like a lobby which always seemed to be teeming with loud and bubbly timeshare salespeople and their prey.The positives:QUIET!No casino. If you want a casino there is a big casino hotel right next door. The buffet here is good and cheap (no, not an oxymoron)Big rooms. Comfortable bed.Great glass shower.Even better Jacuzzi tub.Typically well equipped timeshare kitchen and in-room laundry.The pool looked nice but we didn’t use it.I’ve stayed in 2 other timeshare properties in Vegas recently (Hilton and Shell) and this is by far the best, even if it is in the middle of nowhere.	
Jun 11 2006	I'd love to go back!	We just returned from the Grandview at Las Vegas this morning following a stay June 4-10/06 arrranged by my timeshare exchange company RCI. It was further from the centre of the Las Vegas strip than I anticipated, but with a rental car there was no problem.It is a beautiful, well kept resort which has an active sales team but there was no obligation to take &quot;the tour.&quot; The 1-bedroom unit was perfect for 2 people with a full kitchen, king-sized bed, living room, full kitchen, washer/dryer, 2 TVs, jacuzzi tub and shower stall. The pool area was picturesque, especially at night but it was so hot, I didn't understand how the guests could bath in the sun during the day. There is a nice fitness centre which sometimes had a short wait. The resort had free DVDs that could be borrowed, including recently released movies. There was also a complimentary shuttle that I took to the Tropicana one day with no problems. The internet room was popular and each guest was limited to use for 15 min. A real plus for the resort is the easy access next door to the South Coast Casino and hotel. It is a huge and is complete with restaurants, theatres, bowling alley and equestriancentre. We tried the reasonably priced buffet a few times and the food was quite good.I would not hesitate to return!	
Jun 10 2006	Wonderful experience	Stayed at The Grandview for four days in June and we enjoyed ourselves. Yes, there is major construction in front of the buildings but it was not a nuisance or a distraction. This area south of The Strip is building up rapidly with new resorts, restaurants, stores and its about 5 miles from the Mandalay Bay Casino. The new casino next door is beautiful and the buffet is great.Grandview staff was wonderful. One older gentleman driving the shuttle was especially nice and helpful.Only negative experience was at the small store near the pool. Lady in charge was downright rude and did not seem to want to be bothered by customers. Oh, and the prices were outrageous. A $3 bottle of 6 Advils was priced at $9!Besides this rude person, everyone else we met was pleasant and extremely helpful.	
Jun 9 2006	We Had A Wonderful Experience!	My husband and I just returned from a long (4 night) weekend at the Grandview Resort. As owners, who bought 2 years ago, and had never stayed at a timeshare we didn't know what to expect, but everything was most pleasant. The reviews you have published helped us so much in planning our trip! We requested that our unit be away from any ongoing construction, and have a view. The staff was most accomodating. Our unit was on the 7th floor of the Primrose building overlooking the pool area. The view was outstanding at night with the lights of the surrounding area visable. Our unit was quiet and the only time we even knew someone was next to us was when the common door was shut, but this was infrequent. The layout was very comfortable and we enjoyed the tub in the bedroom, and the large bathroom. We didn't do any cooking, but the kitchen was fully stocked (even had a corkscrew which we did use!) We spent our late afternoons by the hot tub in the pool area and found it to be most relaxing.We rented a car, so we were able to drive to all the areas we wanted to see (we usually stay on the strip and use cabs). Boy, is Las Vegas growing, we didn't even recognize the drives to Boulder Dam and Red Rocks. The Grandview won't be considered a long way from the strip for long. All the hotels and casinos have valet parking so we took advantage of that perk, and with only small tips saved our money for gambling and shopping and our feet for walking the sights. One small complaint we have would be that the map the front desk gives out needs to be updated, as many of the streets are not completed, but show to be on the map. We did get lost a couple of times, but Las Vegas is an easy town to navigate. Also, be sure and ask for your parking permit from the front desk, as the clerk forgot to give us one, and we got a warning notice the first night we were there.We would highly recommend the restaurant across from the South Coast. It was most enjoyable with a very friendly staff and good affordable cusine.All in all we had a wonderful time and hope to visit again soon.	
Jun 1 2006	Nice Place	Stayed at Grandview end of May 06, nice facilities, large rooms, full kitchen, large TV,a bit of noise between rooms but not bad. 2 pools, shuttle, South Coast Casino right acrossstreet easy walk in morn. Seattle Best Coffee shop, decent gaming, nice buffet, &amp; several other resturants. A car is helpful but not necessary, enjoyed the stay, staff was good, security on site 7/24, all areas were clean and well kept. some construction noise sinceaddit. bldgs are planned.	
May 18 2006	Grandview visit and review	Wes stayed at the Grandview the week of May 5-11th. The accomodations were excellent and would reccomend them. The condo was very clean and very comfortable. I have read about in previous commnets that the walls are thin and it is noisy. Believe me it is. We did not have a car for the first few days and got by on the shuttle bus to the Tropicana or the trolley to the outlet mall and the strip. We found the front desk VERY helpful in getting us a better rate for the car and with directions. The only draw backs I could find on this resort are as follows. There is starting MAJOR construction around the towers. Currently there are three towers in their complex. The plan is for 8-10. When we were leaving they were getting ready to start digging 2 new towers. Also we found SOME (not all) the shuttle bus drivers to be rude. They would routinely show up at Tropicana or at the office late. They would claim that they had been in the pick up areas but that we were the one's at fault for being late. I would avoid the shuttles if possible as they are not as relaible as the trolley. Do cab it from the airport and then rent the car from the resort. They have a special deal worked out with Budget rent a car and they pick you up right at the lobby. There is a small store kitty-corner to South Coast where you can pick up snacks and suds. Be careful around the pool areas as it sometimes gets suddenly windy and the pool chairs and tables go move into the pool. The South Coast casino is right next door and has a great buffet. When you go into the South Coast make sure you sign up for their players card. They give you a coupon book that gives you 2 for 1 breakfast or lunch.	
May 15 2006	Good ol' Grandview	We stayed at the Grandview for the second year in a row. We go every year for the Kentucky Derby partys. We love the Grandview because it's always clean and the people are friendly. The great thing this year is that the Southcoast Casino opened up right next door. We were able to walk to the casino and back in about 3 minutes. No car, no cab! The Southcoast is really nice and they have some good resturants. We had another great year at the Grandview!!	
May 13 2006	Pleasant Surprise	5/13/2006My wife and I and friends just returned from a week at the Grandview at Las Vegas. We had a 2 bedroom located on the 9th floor. The resort was a pleasant surprise! Check-in was smooth and directions to the resort were clear and precise. Only drawback was the need for additional help at the front desk. The rooms were huge and both were equipped with full kitchens. This was a novelty since most resorts that offer and A and B unit usually offer a mini kitchen in the other unit. One noticeable drawback was the lack of a balcony to sit out on and enjoy coffee in the mornings enjoying the mountain views. The pool area was nice but with the strong winds in the afternoon, umbrellas became quite unstable. The pool was quite cool; even though air temperature in the upper nineties. A car is definitely a must since you are located approximately six to seven miles from the strip, although the resort did offer transportation to and from the strip. One caveat if you utilize this transportation is that seating is limited on bus and first and last boarding came be filled over capacity. There is a grocery store about a mile north of the resort, and food prices are decent. The resort did a good job at scheduling tours and events on and off the strip, but due to the lack of help, gives you time if crowds are large. The South Coast Casino next door is open and new. It sports a large bowling alley and a fairly open casino that wasn’t overly crowded and smoky even during peak weekend hours. I would definitely recommend this resort to others and will visit again myself.	
Apr 21 2006	Grandview	My husband &amp; I have just come back from staying at the Grandview at Las Vegas. We checked in very quickly &amp; the staff were very helpful &amp; polite. When we got to our hotel room we were pleasantly surprised at the size of the room all I can descibe it as was a 1b/room apartment. Everything you would need was there a fully fitted kitchen.B?room faultless as was the rest of the room. Swimming pol &amp; spa areas were very clean &amp; tidy and the landscape was very pleasing to the eye. The hotel had its own shuttle service (free) and another shuttle service which you pay.It dropped you off at the Tropicana Resort &amp; Casino &amp; picked you up ftom there to. Even though there is a !st Class shuttle service you really do need a car to get around. Some of the other reviews mentioned a smell we had the same thing but after a couple of days it was gone we think it might have been the bin shute located at the end off the corridor. There were Timeshare Reps there showing people around as it is a Time Share Hotel but we were never approached by them and it didnt bother us. There is also a caino called the SouthCoast right next door to the Grandviewwe thought that it was a added bonus as yoou might not want to go to the stip and just stay locally it is ideal. As they also have about 6 restuarants which offers a wide range of food and some are open all night to. All in All my Husband &amp; I had a 1st rate holiday in a 1st rate hotel &amp; we would love to go back and stay at the Grandview Hotel again. 5 Stars for them.	
Apr 18 2006	Our Stay Was Enjoyable	I read many of the reviews posted for the Grandview to get some idea of what to expect. I kept an open mind and wanted to see how my experience compared to some previous reviews. When I read some negative reviews such as those about the noise level and service at this resort, I took them with a grain of salt, but I must agree with the noise level comments. When someone was using the shower, it seemed to be magnified throughout our unit. There was also a note posted near the Jacuzzi requesting that as a courtesy to others not to use it between 10 pm and 8 am, so the noise level for bathroom time is a problem. I didn't notice noise from other people. We were on the 12th floor of the Sage building so there may not have been anybody near us. As for the service, my only dissatifaction was with requesting fresh towels. I called housekeeping on Tuesday about 11:30 am and did not receive them until the next morning. I didn't ask how long it would take, because I &quot;assumed&quot; the towels would be delivered sometimes the same day. The person in housekeeping was very courteous and asked if I wanted two sets, so I thought this was going to be something handled promptly. The next morning I located a housekeeper to get some towels since I hadn't received the sets requested the previous day. She was pleasant, but did not speak English, so I tried to ask as best as I could for small wash cloths. She called someone, and he immediately brought some up to me. I took them back to the room, and got some washing detergent (each unit is provided a complimentary box, thereafter, they have to be purchased) from the housekeeper's cart, and washed our dirty towels because I thought I would never get any delivered. The fresh towels were finally delivered when the housekeeper for our area arrived about 11:00 am. For future stays, I'll just wash our towels for convenience. Now that I have gotten my two concerns out of the way, I still enjoyed staying at the Grandview. Check in was good, about ten minutes, and the bellman who got our bags as we got out of the taxi was very friendly and informative on tidbits of information about the resort. He left us a card with his name and number. We never got back to him, but it was nice being offered that courtesy. We didn't use the shuttle, but elected to rent a car and parked at the casinos. It was more convenience with the car. South Coast was great to have nearby. Our son enjoyed all the kid stuff they offered. It was great to go next door to eat and enjoy some entertainment. We never had that secluded feeling that others experienced before South Coast was completed.We went on the resort's presentation Sunday morning. It was not high pressured, but it took longer than I thought it would, about an hour and a half. They put us through the paces and kept trying to get the absolute final offer to us before they let us go. They provided finger foods and sodas, plus we got Lance Burton tickets for $10 each. We've been on many of these things, and this one was not bad compared to others.All in all, I liked the Grandview and would stay there again if RCI with it's timeshare maze will have units to exchange. We rented our unit through RCI this trip because they didn't have any for exchange. I still don't understand how they have the unit to rent, but not to exchange. It's part of what I call the timeshare shuffle. Also, at the presentation we were told that in the future to exchange to Vegas, all resorts will be on the points system and not the weeks system. Yet again, another way to get more money out of the consumers. What's next after points?These business people are constantly thinking of ways to get more money from the masses. Thumbs Up to the Grandview. I hope it will only get better when all twelve of the buildings are completed.	
Apr 14 2006	Wish it were closer to the strip	A friend at I stayed at the Grandview Feb 17-21 (I exchanged a week but we stayed only 5 days). We had a 1-bed unit that was very large. We were in the first building, across from the reception building. Our unit had a good size living room that doubled as the other sleeping area. The fold out bed, my friend said, was not too bad. There was a huge tv across from the sofa in a built in cabinet and next to that was a closet area. That was handy for if you have someone using that area aside from the bedroom. The living room also had a DVD player. The small dining room was an open area between the living and kitchen. In this area was a credenza that had a small cd boombox that we used a lot. The kitchen was great (except for electric cooking) and was stocked well. The bathroom was huge and had 2 sinks on a huge vanity that made it easy for 2 girls to get ready at once. The shower was huge but did not have shelves or a seat or anything, it was not conducive for girls showering with their toiletries or trying to shave legs. The master bedroom was very large and had it's own tv. The bed was comfy. There was also a huge jetted tub in the master butting up to the bathroom. There was a large closet space in the bedroom.We didn't notice a lot of noise from the lock-off that was next to us but you knew when they were coming and going just by hearing doors open and close. We had a view of the pool but it was cold and windy during our stay so we didn't see many people there. I did get a sandwich at the deli and it was ok. I wanted pizza but they were out and then I wanted the cheese sticks but they were out.Reception was very nice and helpful. They even gave us passes to some of the new nightclubs in town. They have an internet room down there but I had my laptop and had to use dial up in the room. I later found out you could bring your laptop down to reception and get their wireless. We did use the shuttle service ONCE. It was horrible. First of all, it's a van thing that seats like 9 or 10 people with tiny butts. We had 7 in there seated ok and he wanted to cram more in we were like &quot;no way&quot;. And our driver was literally crazy. He was trying to be funny and make jokes and a passenger was being sarcastic and the driver didn't like that and pulled off the road on the way to the strip and then we couldn't get back on the road due to heavy traffic and had to go the back way through the barrio. His name was Billy. If you get in the shuttle and the driver is Billy, GET OUT! AFter that we relied on taxi's and the Strip Trolly. A taxi will put you back about $15-$20 to get to the strip. So, for that fact, I would have to really consider Grandview again, too far from the strip. But everything else was very nice.I would recommend a car when you come to this resort just so you can get to a grocery store and go shopping. But if you are going to the strip, don't drive unless you valet all day at a hotel. But if you are drinking then do the trolley or taxi. Next door is a brand new hotel/casino and we went in but it was somber and dull compared to the livliness of the strip casinos.	
Apr 9 2006	Beautiful but noisy!	The Grandview is beautiful. We stayed in a 2 bedroom lockout unit which gave us two one bedroom units each with its own kitchen, jacuzzi, washer &amp; dryer and living room. The 1600 sq feet for the two rooms was more than enough.The furniture and decor is gorgeous and perfectly fitting to the desert location. There are tile floors and area rugs in the living room and dining room while the bedroom has wall-to-wall carpet. The jacuzzi tubs could easily fit two people.The pools were simply beautiful. There were two pools and one large jacuzzi. One of the pools has a free form rock formation complete with waterfall. Music is piped into the pool area adding to the peaceful environment.We requested a handicapped room at time of booking but even though they had it in the notes they had not saved one for us. We checked in on Sunday and had to wait until Tuesday to get the handicapped room. That was both inconvenient and hard on our handicapped person. The day we switched rooms they tried to get us to vacate the room we were in before the other one was ready. We, of course, refused.While there is no on site restaurant, the South Coast Casino is next door and has several restaurants including a breakfast at the cafe for less than two bucks if you go before 7 a.m..The location is 5 miles from the start of the mega resorts on the strip. They offer a free shuttle but if you don't mind driving a rental car it seems to be a better option since valet parking is free at every hotel. However, beware that you may have to park very far away from your building’s entrance (not good for if you returning late at night). The parking lot design was not done very wisely and handicapped parking is very limited.The insulation between the rooms does not seem to exist. You can hear everything! Thanks to reading previous reviews some of our party came prepared with enough ear plugs for the entire party. It really was weird how loud everything was at this property.The decor is and layout is very upscale. The noise, if you are prepared, is easily managed. Even with the negatives, we really enjoyed our stay here and would come again.	
Apr 1 2006	Great Experience	We did an exchange and felt the accommodations at the Grandview were excellent. We had a spacious room with a nice jacuzzi right off the bed room. The kitchen and dining areas were a nice size. The room we stayed was at the Lilly building. I believe we were the first guests in the room. This was the first time we didn't rent a car. I'm glad we didn't. Driving in Las Vegas especially along the strip is impossible. The resort provides a free shuttle every 1/2 hour and every hour in the evening to and from the Tropicana. There is also a trolley ($2). From the Tropicana you can take the Duce (double decker buses) for $2, or $5 for 24 hours. The bus will take you up to Fremont Street and if you are in Las Vegas you have to see Fremont Street. A 4 mile cab trip from the airport is about $25, forget about getting around using a cab. The South Coast Casino is right next door. The food there is so reasonable we didn't even do any grocery shopping, also opened 24/7. It was too cold to use the pools but some people braved the cold and use the hot tubs. On site deli is convenient for some room supplies. I would recommend the Grandview, presently it is off the strip but with all the construction that soon will not be the case.	
Mar 2 2006	Housekeeping not acceptable	Grandview, Las Vegas We arrived on Friday, February 24,2006 and thank goodness we are leaving tomorrow, March 4.  Staff has been friendly, at least the few that speak english..None of housekeeping speaks or understands English. We understood we would get a complimentary room cleaning once during our stay. That did not happen even after 2 phone calls requesting it. Instead we were brought sheets and towels that were handed to us at the door. Now I have no problem making up the room but I do expect to get what I pay for...Needless to say this will be our only stay at this timeshare.	
Feb 15 2006	More Than Adequate	Stayed the week of the Superbowl. More than adequate. Unit slept four. Clean and generally roomy.Walking distance to the South Coast casino next door. It itself is brand new (opened December 2005) and pretty nice.Exercise facilites were nice. However, it does not accomodate more than 8-10 people.Did not use pool or hot tub, but they looked nice.Downsides:- Common door shared with neighboring unit is very loud.- You do need to rent a car to see more than the South Coast.- Same complaint as a previous poster regarding lack of decent internet service. I will not stay at hotels without free service in my room. The same should apply to timeshare units, especially brand new ones.	
Feb 11 2006	Absolutely outstanding	My husband and I stayed at the Grandview the first week of Feb 2006. We are owners. This was our first trip there. The staff was very professional and very friendly. The units were immaculate. A nice quiet place to stay. You do not need a car. You can take a taxi to and from the airport. The Grandview has a free shuttle to town every hour--until 2am. It takes less than 15 minutes to go from the Grandview to town. The shuttle leaves you off at the Tropicana. From there you can catch the bus for $2 that takes you anywhere down the strip. Or you can cross the street and get on the monarail. We preferred walking. We were told that the shuttle back to the hotel at 10pm can be full. One person from each unit can sign up to go to the grocery store. This shuttle leaves from Grandview every day at 2:00 oclock. The grocery store is 2 minutes away.The best part about the Grandview is the amazing Casino that opened up next door called South Coast--Look it up on the internet. It is right next door. We can't say enough about staying about 100 feet from a beautiful hotel/casino. It has several restaurants. It is bigger than the Showboat casino in Atlantic City. What a great time.	
Feb 3 2006	Pros and Cons	The resort itself is very nice. Clean and extremeply spacious. More like an apartment than a room. Separate baster bedroom with jacuzzi, large bath, and full kitchen. Washer, dryer, dishwasher, all the amenities.......Pool area clean and spacious, fitness facility, game room okay.No on site restaurants, but the South Coast Casino with restaurants, etc. (even Starbucks)is a minute walking.Definitely need to rent a car. Not close to anything yet. Transportation is sporatic, so do the rental.Staff was courteous although we had to beg for a phone book...we were told &quot;you people steal them&quot;. Whoever &quot;you people are&quot;? I have no need for it unless I'm there.Four hours for pizza delivery (that was not a faux paux-FOUR HOURS).The only real irritating things are there is not enough parking. Had to park two buildings over and this wasn't even the really busy season.Shlepping groceries for a block or two gets tiring!!! And at 3 AM, if your neighbor anywhere around you decides to shower (this is Vegas ya know, 3 AM is early), or go to the bathroom at 3 AM, you hear the water running...and LOUD...no insulation) So bring your earplugs.Otherwise, kudos!!! Would recommend. Also, great for those with kids!!!	
Jan 10 2006	Superbowl every year!!	My husband and I and several of our closets friends have gone to the Grandview for the last 2 years, for our annual Superbowl Party. We love it. The rooms are perfect for a get together with several people. We usually get a 2 bedrm condo, which is really 2 one bedrooms. And with the new casino accross the Parking lot it will be even more convient. We like being off the strip, but a rental car is recommended. We have never had a problem and will be there again this year!	
Jan 9 2006 	Top class time share (but please remove sales animals and give decent internet)	We really enjoyed our stay at the Grand View over New Year's Eve. Vegas was very windy over this period (which got better when we moved to another location later in the week) so we couldn't make use of pool but it looked great. Pros: Very nice resort and the arrangement of units sleeping 4 that can be joined for 8 works extremely well. The gym was very adequate with good quality equipment. Local supermarket also handy. We couldn't experience the activities as they were closed during the New Year period but they had this great clown come in who did the most amazing balloon art and kept kids and adults enthralled for a couple of hours. Cons: Definitely need transport - not as close to Vegas Strip as it seems (yes, its on the strip but about a 25 minute drive from the main attractions) even if using the new Deuce bus. The main desk staff were not very good or helpful. We were quite frustated at their responses and lack of helpfulness. They really need some training to represent their resort well - there are about 10 people all standing at the desks but they just look at you blankly and if you go to one of them - they direct you to somebody else. Also - the constant flow of sales people showing people around does make you feel a bit like a guinea pig - they do need to make this less obvious to people who have either already purchased or are staying on an exchange as this does spoil the experience and will go on for along time given the large expansion plans (8 more buildings short term to 28 long term). The worst - which I say to all of these timeshare resorts - is please catch up with the times and provide decent internet services. The tiny, overheated internet room in the main building was constantly full and very uncomfortable to work in. At the very least - they should provide a wireless network for the main building so people can sit comfortably if they have their own computers but for such a new resort that is still being constructed - why don't they provide fast internet to the rooms (even at a cost) so people can be with their friends/families even if they do need to do some work on vacation. This is something that needs to be addressed by all RCI resorts AND QUICKLY. Why a resort like this would be constructed without this capability just baffles me.	
Dec 17 2005	A Great Time	We had a wonderful time. When we purchased our unit, we had no idea if the pictures would live up to the actual. We were more than thrilled and completely enjoyed our accomodations. I personally loved the tub, what a relaxing way to the end the day. This is a little paradise for my husband and I. This is our reward for working hard all year long. They were outfitted, with all the things we needed. If we had a service problem, there was no problem getting the help we needed. If there was a negative it would be these things. I will not attend another sales meeting again, this was on the sunniest day that we had there. (It rained 75% of the time of our visit.) A record breaker for the area. This year we plan to drive there over a week and stay. There is so much to see a do, that I cannot see the time going slowly. We are excited to see the new Casino across the road, and ultimately the new mall that will be built.I felt the service staff at the front desk were helpful and responsive to our needs. And I imagine over the years we will make good friends.Little Town Ontario, Canada	
Dec 8 2005	Another RCI Gem!!	The first thing I have to say is I wondered if I stayed at the same place as the people who wrote negative reviews about the Grandview. I just gor back from a 5 night stay. I own a time share from RCI and I was lucky enough that RCI has space here. This place was excellent!! Allow me to break it down in categories:Check In: The check in was fast, no lines, and dont beleive the feedback about them hounding you. Nobody tryed to sell us anything. The first line they check you in, then they direct you to a line where you receive your welcome stuff and parking pass. I checked in on a Saturday at 3:30 p.m. (Early) and was in my room by 4:00 p.m.Rooms: We had a 2 bedroom unit, this was like no other 2 bedroom timeshare, allow me to explain. There is 1 door that opens to a foyer then there are 2 doors in the foyer. Each room has it's own kitchen, dining room, master bedroom, living room, huge bathroom, and a jacuzzi!! Usually a 2 bedroom at other timeshares have 1 kitchen and 2 bedrooms in 1 room, this was a great suprise.Amenities: The activities at the resort are not that good, then again I stayed there in December which is a slow season. I'm sure they have more stuff in the prime season. There is 2 beautiful pools with waterfalls, and hot tubs outside. The exercise room was ok. There was 3 treadmills and 2 bikes and 2 ellepitcal machines. There was also weights and other equipment. Here is a tip: if you are serious about your workout use the treadmill next to the scale that is the only treadmill calibrated to correct speeds.Location: The resort is at the end of the strip, we had a rental car (Recommended), but the resort does have a free shuttle which brings you to the action. It is about 5 miles to the Mandalay Bay. If you have never been to Vegas, Mandalay Bay is at the top of the strip. Even though it wwas 5 miles it was a easy 5 miles as the road is 2-3 lanes and no heavy traffic. Here is a tip: As you may or may not know you could walk faster than the cars move on the strip ( lol, serious though). Park you car at one of the first hotels you come to, like MGM Grand, New york New York, etc. From there you can either walk, take trams, or the monorail, bus etc. That way you are not stuck in traffic and it is faster to get back to resort.Finally, dont beleive the negative reviews you read, this place is spotless, totally clean you will love it!! If you have any questions please email me I would love to answer them.	
Dec 8 2005	Absolutely devine!	We will be staying again in May 2006! We are owners and after having stayed in many LV hotels (Excaliber among them) we are just amazed at the helpful staff and perfect rooms! The staff even had some wonderful suggestions regarding ethnic food stores we were searching for!! We were provided with plenty of linens and towels and even some coffee, tea and detergent.We heard NO construction while there yet there was construction on site and next door with the new casino going up. Although the hotel is far down the strip there was shuttle service provided. They should be using the larger bus at all times as some people would get left behind. This did not happen to us, but I could see where this would raise someone's ire! They are even really good about having children's activities which is quite generous as children should be a big no-no with all of the adult vendors and people handing out material EVERYWHERE on the strip. Las Vegas is great for couples and groups but not very child friendly. I just cannot say enough great things about this place!	
Nov 29 2005	Grandview is Just Fine	The Grandview is right next to the South Coast Hotel and Casino which is opening January 2006. This will make it an absolutely perfect location. We had no problems at this hotel. The staff was friendly, the rooms were spacious (we were in one bedroom lockout unit)and clean. We needed more clean towels and called twice to housekeeping. They did not respond so we called the front desk and told them we'd be there in five minutes to pick up our towels. Within two minutes housekeeping knocked on our door to deliver the towels!The pool area is very nice and there is a small, but adequate exercise room. I would absolutely go back. I've stayed on the strip several times and was more than happy to not be in the traffic and noise.	
Nov 28 2005	The Good and Bad	We are owners here at the Resort and had our first stay at the Grandview. Everything was really clean, spacious and nice. They have a few activities for kids and family such as Craft time, ceramics, magic show, balloon artist, movie night and a hot dog sale of course for a small fee. they also have free movie rentals (small collection), a internet room that kids mostly occupied! and wouldn't let working adults use to catch up on their jobs or school! I couldn't believe that they let these kids sit there and play solitare and go to kid websites and just mess around, maybe they should have the computers for kids in the activities room. It's nicely equipped with towels, coffee maker, toaster, dishwasher (that -----), wahser and dryer (I liked alot), pots and pans (cheap ones), utensils, plates, cups for 4, nice big tv in the living room, a smaller one for the room, spa tub, big shower, his and hers sinks in bathroom, nice decorations and a cheap venting system. When we made food the smell would stay in the little entrance way that leads you to the two doors. It was gross! All the sales people walking around is very annoying. They should do something about that. It didn't bother me at first but then we were trying to BBQ outside and every salesperson that passed by at to show off that we were BBQ-ing and we felt like guniea pigs and part of the show to sell a timeshare. Then my husband started to get really annoyed with them and would just give them no response cause they were interferring in our family time. And everytime we ran into a salesperson and people they would ask if we were owners and try to &quot;sell&quot; these people. We also went to a timeshare presentation for some free Shark Reef tickets and the man was really nice in the beginning and was full of compliments and before you know it when we were saying no that we didn't want anything he had a fit and started acting really dumb with us. The resort would be 100% better if those snakes of sales people would be off the premises. I had a really positive experience with the workers till the day before we left I went up to a housekeeping lady and asked her for some trash bags and she gave me attitude. She rolled her eyes and made a grunting noise. She runied my whole day, then later my family member went to ask for towels and she did the same to him, I didn't want trouble so I didn't say anything back to her. Now that I think about it, I should have reported her! I never heard construction work going on and maybe on our 3rd day there a construction worker fell off a scafle (spelling?) and died. That was really horrible. Also the exit of the resort going towards the strip is very dangerous, we almost got hit 3 times trying to exit and we seen about 2 accidents at that corner while there. The cars speed up when they see you trying to pass and that is very dangerous. It's really far from the strip and they have a shuttle that will take you every 1/2 hour but we couldn't use it cause it wasn't kid friendly!! can you believe they said I would have to take my daughters carseat with me to the strip if I wanted her to ride, I don't understand why they couldn't hold it in the back of the shuttle? or have a time when they would do that, you know maybe in the day and in the evenings maybe save the shuttle for adults, you know anything would work. Theres a Food 4 Less down the street and very close, a resturant across the street and lots of little shops and fast food joints on the way to the strip.	
Oct 31 2005	Great Rooms!	We used an RCI bonus week for this vacation and had a great time! Our room (406B Sage building)was one of the nicest we've ever had! For those of you who want to be pampered - this is NOT an all-inclusive type of facility as there is no restaurant, no casino, very few activities, the lobby is fairly sparse and so are the hallways leading to the room but once you get there - wow! Very large, nice apartment-style room with jacuzzi, large bathroom, dining room table, living room with pull-out couch, FULL kitchen and master bedroom with a very comfortable king sized bed. I have read a couple of negative reviews about the rooms and I honestly wonder if they actually stayed at the same place as we did!The lack of a restaurant was no not a problem because the restaurant/bar directly across the street has GREAT food, breakfast lunch and dinner - try the Fortattas for breakfast.Regarding the room service - they usually clean the rooms once a week which was fine with us. On check-in, they provided us with plenty of towels and linens. I have, however, read some reviews that complained about getting more towels/service. What whiners! There was a maid cart (full of towels, soap, laundry detergent etc.) parked in our hallway near the elevator and we just helped ourselves to what we needed whenever we need it. It was fine. No problems.This is a very quiet, comfortable place to stay, a few miles south of all the Strip action. I recommend you do what we did - rent a car and drive to the action spots on the strip. All of the big Hotel/Casinos (we visited 15!) have free self parking garages. Also it is handy to park by a monorail station and ride it up and down the strip to save walking (it's NOT free).The new (very large) SouthCoast Hotel/Casino is being built right next door (we heard NO contruction noise). It's almost finished and should be done next year. It looks very nice and will provide more action right next door.	
Oct 30 2005	Nothing grand about the Grandviiew	What a disapointment this hotel is. While the rooms are small but pretty, the staff and the services are just terrible. As an example, when we checked in, it was a 45-minute procedure. No line, as we checked in late. But the staff people are so slow, so uncaring about the guest, they just drag the whole thing on. You must go to a second line for the &quot;parking pass&quot; which is issued at the hotel's guest services desk, where they try to sell you show tickets or timeshare sales. After getting our room key and hauling luggage to the tenth floor, we found that another family (upset at our interruption) already had the room occupied! What an embarrasment, for us and for them. It took the hotel staff forever to fix this, while we are out in the hallway waiting. The promised &quot;grand view&quot; didn't appear at the Grandview. We saw a parking lot and a lot of dirt (this is as far out as you can get from the strip, although on the same road. All in all, we'd call this place another RCI disaster. RCI has this habit of high-rating places like this which are good at selling RCI memberships -- but the quality of the experience is VERY poor. My advice - avoid the Grandview if at all possible. We left word about our check-in experience with the front desk manager, the GM, but she didn't even bother to call us back. We left after two nights, leaving our other pre-paid five nights to go to waste. What a Grand Disappointment.	
Oct 7 2005	Disappointed at this new Resort	We just spent a week at the Grandview, a trade, and we were not very impressed with this &quot;new&quot; resort. Check in was with a trainee of no personality to boot. For what we pay in timeshare prices and maintenance fees this was a big disappointment indeed. The sheets were very old and put on shabbily and inside out, so were they changed and clean, yuck! Shudder. The room counters and floors were filthy. Wear white socks for 10 mins. The DVD player didn't work. Mid week &quot;maid service&quot;, well they took the extra box and tissues and left no toilet paper. Can you imagine having to call the front desk to ask for that and then find out we had no dish rags or towels. They took out the dirty towls and didn't replace the floor mats. The shower is so cheap. No where to place ones leg to shave. And the soap dish for which the soap slides on, (on an angle). Shower floor is sloped toward the back so it hurts the feet to &quot;dig in&quot;. Thin walls. Dishwasher needs jet dry, so our dishes always appeared dirty. Whose brillant idea was it to have a foyer with 2 doors so every night your neighbor cooks their &quot;smells&quot; drift in to your room. What a stink. We're there for vacation. Not to have an &quot;apartment&quot; feel. The couch was not opened and cleaned so our guests were very uncomfortable to say the least. We were very embarrassed! We will not recommend this resort to anyone!	
Sep 21 2005	Everything We Expected Thanks to the Reviews!	We stayed at the hotel from 5 Aug thru 12 Aug 2005. It was a really nice time. I am glad that I was able to read the reviews here before we went. We almost didn’t make reservations there because of what some of you had to say, but we are glad we did. It was really helpful to know about asking to stay in the Primrose bldg, instead of the Sage bldg. We barley heard any of the construction on the 6th floor. We enjoyed using the gym area; you just need to get there early around 0630 to get on any of the machines. They had 3 treadmills, 2 bikes, 2 elliptical trainers, and some various weight machines. The pool area was really nice, but every time that we wanted to go it was a little crowded, so get there early. I recommend that you have a car. All the hotel/casinos have free parking so that was a plus. Also a lady was not too happy with the shuttle service, I believe she didn’t like the fact that they were never on time. The rooms are really nice! Full kitchen to include dishwasher, stove, large fridge, Jacuzzi tub, and 5 piece master bath. It was great! I knew that the Grandview was a timeshare condo and we never got harassed to sign up for or buy anything. Service was nice and pleasant. But keep this in mind… if you need more towels, dish soap, or coffee, you probably should call room service well in advance. Because they are not real speedy on towel and TP service. I had to call 3 times!Now the Internet room… Waiting for hours to get on the computers was ridiculous! I was told that there was a time limit per session, but no one was keeping them, it was frustrating to see kids playing games like solitaire... 'for goodness sakes!&quot;. We would definitely stay there again; actually we are already planning on it when the new casino next door opens 2006. ~The Plummer Family	
Aug 28 2005	Will be great next June 06 when South Coast casino opens	Parking just closeby to buildings which is great if you ever driven and self park casinos hotels are long walk to reg and roomslike a 1 br rm condo nice inside except the water noise from jacuzzi above and if people moving furniture above on the tile floor besides that otherwise very quiet, they asked you not to use jucuzzi after 10pm, maybe I'm late sleeper since I stay out, too bad no high speed internet in rooms and they close the computer room at midnight. might have to talk to them about getting in after midnight. Shuttle runs every half a hour to Flamingo only till 1am. It will get better next june 06 when South Coast Casino opens up, there will be resturants, it has a bowling alley and Century Theaters. If you can get a deal and rent a car cheap, its great. I know how to drive around strip and downtown now, There are more stores if you drive down first right at light going toward town. I have check all the timeshares in town, to get a deal bargain, There so many programs they can sell to you. I should be a paid advisor to people who want to buy a timsehare in Las vegas	
Aug 1 2005	Grandview 07/23 to 07/30 - Consider other's first	If you want ammenities, this is not the place to stay. The Grandview has nice rooms (although lacks the upscale interiors of many of the other Vegas timeshares) but a complete lack of ammenities within the resort. When we arrived, each question was answered with an &quot;I'm sorry, we don't have that although they are thinking about putting that in.&quot; Questions such as where is the snack bar/deli?, where are the pool towels? No outdoor bar at the pool? high speed internet in the room? bellhops? There is a definite lack of customer service on behalf of the hotel personnel and their salespeople lack any kind of professionalism. We found the following lacking at Grandview....No internet service in our room unless you brought your own cables. When we called they indicated that you had high speed internet available in rooms. They don't...it's dial up. Do have a room off main lobby that has high speed computers that cut you off after 15 minutes but it was always taken up by kids playing games. No deli, no snack bar, no towels at the pool (you bring your own from your room) no cleaning service mid week. They claim they do but when she arrived late in the afternoon she made the bed (replaced sheets at our request as they say in their book in the room they only make the bed, not replace sheets) and replaced 4 of the regular towels. No shampoos, no beach towels even though we had turned them in. No trash was taken, no wipe down of the kitchen counters. No cleaning of the coffee maker (which by the way does not turn itself off - found that out the second morning when I went to make coffee again. What they consider mid week cleaning for all of those that frequent time shares was nothing compared to what other more upscale such as Hilton, Embassy, Marriott, Fairfield do as part of their mid week cleaning. What we did find from the Grandview is that they use the cheapest products to furnish their interiors. The shower in the master bedroom had a fiberglass bottom which never got clean and had mold growing around it, cheapest soaps and shampoos (least of my worries though). They don't provide any lotions, shower caps, etc. like other facilities do. I also found their timeshare salespeople made completely false statements to the people touring. I wanted to correct them several times but have enough social skills not to embarrass them in front of their clients. The equipment in the gym was broken the entire time we were there. No towels are provided in the gym either. When we reported the treadmill problems (2 out of 3 were broken) it was reported that they had called it in. Never did get fixed a week later when we left. There are no bellhops to assist you with luggage. In discussing the facility with several people, all had the same concensus. This place looks nice from the outside but has absolutely nothing to offer on the inside. Our advice would be to stay at a Hilton, Embassy, Fairfield or Marriott Time Share before ever considering this place. You'll get a much better product. We've done all the others and will not make this mistake again!	
Jul 25 2005	Great Place To Stay	The GrandView was a great place to stay. Our trip was from 7/15-7/22 got a great deal at an auction site for $1 plus taxes for the week. Stayed in the PrimRose Building 6th floor, be careful on the bottom floors lots of crikets and i saw a small snake in the exercise room. The only complaint i would have is the hot water heater in the room was very noisy, sounded like running water next door. But i will stay there again...	
Jul 23 2005	Love It	Me and my wife visited the resort july 16 thru july 23. reading the reviews earlier i rented a car, a good choice.i love the resort everything about the room. the service was first class with us. the only problem i had was when i went to get my parking pass. they kept trying to get me to take the tour to buy a timeshare there. grandview is my home resort.	
Jul 21 2005	Resort is nice service needs help	The Grandview is a relatively new resort, so the rooms reflect this. However, there are some issues with this resort. First, the walls are extremely thin, which was mentioned by some previous reviewers. The first morning, we were awakened by people in the next room running bath water. It sounded like they running water in our tub. Luckily, they must have checked out that day because we did not hear that the rest of the week.More importantly, the Grandview could use some lessons in service. I travel often for business, and I am very protective of my time, and have come to expect good service in places I stay. The woman that checked us in was helpful in finding us a room that did not face the construction, but seemed to be bothered that we were asking. We also had problems with bugs in our room, which is understandable for that time of year. We asked someone to come spray three times. The first time, we are not sure if they ever showed up. The second and third times, we know that they did not show up.There is a shuttle that runs from the resort to the strip, and that was convenient. However, there were a couple of times on the change of driver shifts that the shuttle left later than it was supposed to leave (once was about 5 minutes late, the second time it was about 30 minutes late). And the second time, when the front desk was asked about it, they showed no initiative or concern that the bus was sitting out in front of the resort loaded but with no driver. They even got annoyed with one of the residents for asking the front desk about it. So if you going to use the shuttle, make sure you allow for enough time if you are on a time shcedule and have some place to be.All in all, the resort is nice, but needs to work on service levels. It will be interesting to see the condition of the resorts in a few years.	
Jul 8 2005	Use your dead bolt door locks otherwise okay timeshare condo	We stayed June 24-July1st. At 3am on our first night, we had a couple burst into our room, having used an electronic key card to unlock the exterior foyer door, and our room door lock. They were standing next to my son sleeping on the fold out couch. They scared us to death. We had rented 2 one bedroom units to accomodate my elderly dad and our family, so I had not locked the deadbolts. This was really unacceptable, and the front desk only said --oh so sorry when I confronted them. Customer service??? The grand view is 5 miles or so south of the action on the strip, you need a car. It's quiet- other than the casino construction next door, and pretty new still. There are 2 pools- one is ice cold the other heavily used by kids- and good for kids, shallow. Bring sun screen there isn't much shade. There are very few resort activities.Warning: when you check in they will send you to the &quot;concierge&quot; who is only a timeshare sales person. Don't go. We signed up then cancelled after our unwelcome visitors. Other guests told me they were very hard sell, and even insulted them when they said no to buying a timeshare. We got a steal of a deal through the military to stay there, otherwise I would not do it again.The walls are very very thin. Good luck.	
Jun 21 2005	New Construction = Early Wake Up Call	We arived 2 days late and checked out a day early with no problems. It was a timeshare swap and we felt that we were given one of the less desirable rooms facing the new construction because of that. Make sure you ask in advance where the room is located!Construction begins at 5:00 AM and is not great for a Vegas resort where nightlife surrounds you. The resort is beautiful as are the 2 pools. You need to rent a car to get there and get around when and where you want to.	
Jun 6 2005	Love it love it love it!!!!!	My sister and I stayed at the Grandview June 3rd through the 5th. This hotel was spactacular!! Itwas so nice...it had a full kitchen with dishes full dining room.42'' tv in front room....it just goes on and on....we will be staying here again soon!!	
Jun 4 2005	Excellent Accommodation	Check-in was fast and informative but we were a bit disappointed that there were no bellmen to assist with bags. We had suitcases and golf clubs that we had to drag to our building. Luckily it wasn't too far away.We were very impressed with our 1 bedroom suite. It was very spacious and tastefully decorated. The jaccuzzi next to the bed was great.This hotel is perfect if you are looking for a 'homely&quot; type hotel. With no restaurant expect to eat out or prepare your own meals. It is far enough from the strip that you can get some peace and quite. The shuttle is available if you want to go to the strip.The construction was not a problem. When is hotel is fully completed it will be fantastic. We'll definitely be back - just for the room.P.S If you need a cab call at least half an hour ahead. They are very slow in getting there.	
May 24 2005	Stay at Grandview at Las Vegas	We had an experience while staying at Grandview at Las Vegas Friday night May 13th. It was reported to the front desk when checking out Saturday morning and noted on the comment cards. We were told by the manager at the front desk we would get a call on Sunday. Here it is Thursday, and we have heard nothing. I in fact called out twice on Tuesday to talk to the manager and was told she was in a meeting, but took my phone number and was told that a call would be coming. We are owners at Grandview at Las Vegas and was very impressed with our experience. But about 10:30 p.m.I was woke up by a knocking on the door. It stunned me, as there is supposed to be a double lock on the entrances to the rooms. I looked out and saw a family standing in the foyer of the 2 rooms. I really did not get to concerned, as I assumed they were trying the wrong room and would figure it out, so I returned to bed. My husband by this time was awake and had turned on TV in the living room when he heard something, and went to check it out. At this time, a tool of some sort came in under the door and turned right up and quickly unlocked the door from the inside. He startled them and they took off. He called for Security. Nothing happened. Then called the front desk, and talked to the manager on duty, and they stated that the maintenance man on duty was the one that unlocked the door from the inside.  I want to know how this can happen? The key given them should not have unlocked the outside door if it would not unlock the inside door. Furthermore, the maintenance man should not be going around unlocking doors without checking it out to make sure there was no one in the room. Needless to say what was a real nice stay, was quickly ruined as well as the rest of the night. As an owner, I feel we deserve an explanation. I am sure you would not allow such a statement to be put out on the sights on the web, but we can sure try if you do not respond in a timely manner.	
May 22 2005	Give this one more time to get settled...	Grandview is a nice hotel, but too far off the strip. It's under construction for a long time to come, so it's quite noisy. Expect noise to wake you Mon-Fri at 7am each day. There is very little nearby...a car is a must, as the small shuttle cannot handle the demand. Service is mediocre, at best. Front desk personnel are not well-trained yet. Expect constant push to view their time shares (in exchange for gifts). Elevators are slow, so expect a wait. Nice rooms...new hotel, nicely decorated. Small fitness center. Good sized pool area. No snack bar on site, so you drive for all your restaurant meals. Grocery store and Outlet Mall nearby. There is a hotel/casino under construction next door, to be completed in Spring 2006. I expect the ammenities of the casino (food, gambling, fun) and reduced construction at that time, will make this a nicer destination for Las Vegas.	
May 11 2005	Great Place but a little noisey	Stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of May 2005. Absolutely great rooms with a large kitchen, King size bed, huge bathroom and large TV in living room. All I can say, is I would highly recommend this place if you are going to Vegas for 3 or more nights and if you have a rental car. It is located just down from the Strip, but parking is free at all the hotels. Nice place to relax, they have a great little pool area.Only warning, make sure you get a room facing the pool area, otherwise you will be woken up in the mornings at about 6:45 AM by construction noise from the new building. A great place to stay if you are going to be in Vegas for a week, like living in a beautiful new condo!	
May 3 2005	Now That's Refreshing		
Apr 29 2005	Vacation with friends		
Apr 18 2005	A Few Teething Problems		
Mar 17 2005	GrandView at Las Vegas		
Feb 19 2005	A Gold Crown with lots of Diamonds		
Feb 2 2005	Takes them a long time to respond		
Dec 29 2004	nice stay		
Dec 1 2004	Great Stay outside of Las Vegas at the Grandview at Las Vegas		
Oct 19 2004	Wonderful Stay!; Quiet but good drive from the Strip		
Oct 14 2004	Transportation Issues A Real Drawback...		
Nov 16 2009 	Lusso low cost a pochi kilometri dalla Strip		
Mar 1 2009 	el gran engaño		
Nov 21 2007 	Einfach Spitze		
