	A nice location and	We recently stayed at Excalibur over the Thanksgiving week. Upon entering the hotel we were able to go straight up to check-in, there were plenty of friendly attendents to take care of us. I asked for a view of all things the airport, for a hubby that is more into plane watching than gambling...lol...the request was met easily. We arrived early due to time changes...at about 10am, check in is not til 3pm but we were able to get into our room immediately. The room was one of the older rooms and had not yet been remodeled. It was neat and clean, with the only exception being little finger prints on the window. The beds were comfortable and clean. The casino was bright and active, but the drink service could have been alittle more available. All and all a nice place with a great location.	
	Great spot cheap price!!!	Its location is perfect. The price is great. The time share propaganda was annoying. The $29.95 all you can eat all day buffet was excellent.	
	Beware of Mandatory Charges	I booked a trip through CheapTickets.com and when I went online to print my confirmation, I found an unwelcome surprise - &quot;Mandatory hotel charges will be collected by the hotel at checkout: Resort fee of $20.00USD or Per Night that is taxable - includes fitness center access, free drinks and more.&quot; Had I known about this mandatory charge at the time of booking, I would have been able to compare my options better. As far as I am concerned, this is a dishonest pricing policy - why are they not including this fee as part of their hotel charges? I won't be staying there again and I'll certainly be on the lookout for hotels doing the same in the future.	
	Nice Hotel but full of kids	Not a bad hotel but we found our room on the 23rd floor of tower 2 to be a playground for kids at nighttime as they thought holding up the elevators was funny!!We were hounded upon check in to go and claim a free gift which was only redeemable after giving a $40 deposit and attending a time share meeting at a new resort the next day where we were told to bring our credit card as a form of idendity!!Go figure!!	
	Our Not So Excellent Excalibur Experience	We arrived to a &quot;remodeled widescreen room&quot; only to find a partial remodel. New tv, low-end remodeled bath, and new pillowtop mattresses. Be warned these are thin pillowtops. The sheets were clean, but stained. The blankets were dirty and not double sheeted. However, I requested extra sheets and did it myself. Room furniture appears to be original. On third day, our hall was filled with 8 screaming kids running up and down knocking on doors. Security arrived but we had to contact security manager the 2nd time before things calmed down. Cocktail service in casino is horrible. The pluses we found were excellent maintenance staff; good service in Sherwood Cafe, and the location. Overall, I do not recommend this hotel unless your budget-conscious. It is a step up from Circus Circus, but we will stay elsewhere next visit.	
	Great Time in Las Vegas	We had no problems at all with The Excalibur even though some comments made here have been negative. We booked online and got a great deal on price that included admission to &quot;Defending the Caveman&quot;.The staff were relaxed and friendly at reception, our room, 25th floor, Tower 2, facing the other tower, was clean and quiet. No issues whatsoever.The one thing that was a bit annoying was the fact that people who look like they work in the hotel approach you and offering free show tickets and then it turns out that they are trying to get you to attend a &quot;time-share meeting&quot;. that wasn't the hotel's fault, but it was annoying.	
Nov 25 2009 	Excellent location	It is basically what you expect from a hotel on the Strip. The moment you walk in the bells are ringing and that has nothing to do with the wedding chapel. The reason we chose for this hotel was its location. There are other hotels on either side, so you can virtually walk straight from one into the other. Once you have walked the Strip up and down, you see that there are quite a few parts that offer nothing more than souvenir and tattoos. No, rather enjoy a constant stream of absurd hotels at this end of the strip. The only real	
Nov 25 2009 	Dirty room and no attempt to address issues after notification.	Spent two nights at Excalibur. Stained sheets and brown 'water' spots on the toilet seat lid. Hair dryer either moldy or layered with dampt grey dust. Dirty carpet. I informed the front desk the following early morning but when I returned late the next night nothing had been changed other than the towels were changed. Two sleepless nights and no compensation from Excalibur... because I booked through Expedia. The lack of response to my complaints at the time and a similar lack of response to my recent emails is quite frustrating!	
Nov 25 2009	excalibur hotel lasvegas and its child friendly	i stayed at this hotel recently and it was child friendly and there was so much to do and see and its in the perfect place a few stops away from the outlett mall and the fashion malls etc lovly	
Nov 23 2009 	If your going to Vegas on a budget this is the place to stay	&quot;You get what you pay for&quot; is a saying that is more true in Vegas than anywhere else in the world. This Hotel is very cheap and very central. If you are going to Vegas on a budget and do not mind a walking then I would recommend this hotel. It is acroos the road from NY NY and the MGM. But if you plan on going to see shows in Mirage like we did everynight, then it can be a bit of a task walking up there. Also if you are a fan of the fast foods, there are many on the 2nd floor. Not everyones pick but again if you are in town on a budget. We got a standard room, cheapest, in tower 1. It was grand. Very clean with all the basics you need. Window was looking into center of hotel so no view, but no noise either. Now the Bad.1. Time share people, We go a short taxi from the airport. Striaght as we got in the door we were catch by some time share people who were offering us &quot;free ticket&quot; after 22 hours travelling we were fooled into going to a time share presentation which lasted 3 hours and is the biggest scam in the world. We did get half price show tickets though. Not every hotel has time share people, but the cheap ones do. But ignore them the first time and then tell them that you are booked to go when ever they ask.2. Smokey Bar Casino. As you can still smoke in bars and casinos in Vegas, you may find it hard to take if you are a none smoker and not used to smoke indoors. Excalibur was the most smokeist casino on the strip. Summary, if your going to Vegas on a budget this is the place to stay. Do no stay at Circus Circus, long walk from the main strip and walking with dirt.If I had more cash and wanted a more pleasured stay I would stay at caesars palace.	
Nov 22 2009 	adequate	with so many people staying in such a large hotel, i think its easy to become lost as just another guest. Its probably the same in all Hotels in Vegas. You don't feel at all special. The hotel is adequate. The room is nice. The staff are friendly when you do actually encounter them. The restaurants on site were standard. 	
Nov 21 2009 	Spend more - you'll spend the same!	First - you will come in and they will stop you to give you a timeshare schpeel. They won't quit bugging you each time you walk into the casino/lobby area. If you want a &quot;free&quot; show you can put 40 dollar deposit, then you can show up for the 3 hour schpeel, which they give back to you after you spend 3 hours listening to them only to tell them (hopefully) that you don't want to spend 200 more a month for the rare chance you come back to Vegas (what monthly)... come on now! Yea because who doesn't want to spend 3 hours of vacation listening to ways they can drain you of more cash each month, right?2: If you have a room facing the strip you will be up all night from the sound. Listened to the sound of traffic throughout the night, bands, people, loud noises. Hard to sleep. I got earplugs and took some benadryl. Which helped because it made me drowsy and helped with the allergies. I was getting kinda sick from the allergies and I am not typically one fo those with &quot;allergies&quot;.3: Cleanliness: I got the spa room (130 bucks per night). The &quot;hot tub&quot; was dirty. You can run your finger around the edge and feel the grime. Imagine the dermis hanging around there. Yummy! And there was water pooled in the bottom from the others who probably had a &quot;great&quot; time there. Images cross my mind. Sanitation comes to mind. 4: Customer service: I asked for another room (a standard one) waay from the strip. I didn't care about the tub because those things are nasty (here). So a lady customer hears me complaining and she asks the service desk &quot;Am I facing the strip&quot; the lady confirms she is but she says &quot;this is the only time I have ever heard about these complaints' okay she isn't reading the other reviews! maybe she is deaf and blind (or at least dumb) for making that comment. But I don't care because I won't be coming back. I tell her this as well. The check in people give you that sarcastic &quot;go to hell&quot; smile. And they are stringent on their check in - so I have to wait until noon to get a new room (even after staying up all night)- and they say it with that smile. Awesome so I make up staying up all night (because I am lying obviously - what customer likes to be told that)... I must add here that the decor is pretty shabby. The blinds are worn with holes. The paint is chipped on the doors. It makes it look pretty cheap. This place makes La Quinta look really good. I am actually typing while I sit in my room. I am here. I will leave tomorrow. We went to Cesars Palace, which was fun. We are not gamblers so give us something to do besides blow money in under 4 minutes. This was supposed to be our anniversary. Bummer! Hopefully not an omen.You can also get on the Internet for 13.99 for 24 hours or you can use the business center for $5/10 minutes. $4 room service fee. The cell phone charger costs 5/10mins. It doesn't work.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great Accomodation; Great Location; Great Price!	The Excalibur Hotel provided great accomodation at a very reasonable price.If you want to stay at a location that is at the heart of the action this is it!You have quick access to Tropicana, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, New York New York and MGM.Want to go further or Downtown? Try the Duece (Double Decker Bus).The Excalibur Staff are very friendly and helpful and they provide lessons for mostof the games. I took the Craps lessons and it is now my favourite game; next timeI'll try Poker.If you enjoy the gambling, as I do, the table minimums are lower at theExcalibur so you can stretch your dollar. Also, when you need a break but stillwant to gamble...try the Excalibur Keno Lounge...I think it's the only Hotel at this end of the Strip to still have a Keno Lounge.So in closing, I say, &quot;Unsheath your dollars and come to the Excalibur&quot;If you are lucky You may even become Knight or Damsel of the Realm...Enjoy!	
Nov 19 2009 	LV	Rooms and view were beautiful casino area could have been updated, entertainment was class and situated in prime position	
Nov 18 2009 	Good value hotel	My wife and I stayed here when her parents and brother where there and we had a great time. We had a wide screen tv room and it was clean. The television didn't work, but they fixed that. The hotel is connected to the Luxor and Madalay Bay Casinos by a monorail or walking skyways, so you can easily travel to these upscale hotels and their entertainment. The Excalibur buffet was $29 to eat all day and it was good and tasty.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Hotel	Our stay at Excalibur was great. We booked online at their website and got the Stay and Play package. The money off food coupons really helped with the food costs. The employees were all friendly and helpful with directions. Our room was clean and comfortable. Our TV remote didn't work so someone brought another one no problem. I went to see Criss Angel in Believe, husband went downstairs and had free cocktails thanks to the Stay and Play coupons. An all-around positive experience.	
Nov 17 2009 	You get what you pay for...	It's not the Wynn. It's not the Bellagio. It's not even New York New York. But with the great deals available, it is the most convienent hotel for those of us on a budget. We booked a midweek room at $22 per night through an email promotion from the hotel. The bed was super comforable and for us that's the key in Vegas. We are in Vegas for the city not a resort. We were in Tower I. It was dated and the rooms could use some touch ups but I would rather pay less per night than pay for a tv that I will never turn on. The staff was very friendly and we enjoyed the tables and slots in that casino. For a budget focused trip to Vegas, the Excalibur can not be beat.	
Nov 14 2009 	Why stay anywhere else......... !!!	Unfortunately we couldn't afford to stay at the Wynn or Bellagio so opted for the next best thing of Excalibur. How long are you actually in your room ?? exactly , 8hrs to sleep and 1 hr to get ready to go our for the day. Excalibur is the ideal location to stay on a budget while enjoying all the luxury the strip has to offer.Excalibur offersHuge immaculately clean rooms with lots of red hot powerful water in the walk in shower.A more than adequate pool area ( very quiet in October)Right next to the bus stop for the outlet shopping mall ( $3 )Right next to the monorail at MGMRight next to the Outback restaurant near to m &amp; m shop for a meal to die for So close to the new &quot;city centre &quot; complex due to open in December.You know it makes sense. Spend wisely on your accomodation and spend the rest on slots and sightseeing. Why stay anywhere else.	
Nov 12 2009 	LOW LIMIT GAMBLERS 3 NITE STAY at the EX	The Excalibur is a more budget conscious location. I had been to the Excalibur casino many times on previous trips because I really enjoy the poker rooms low limits. A year or so ago the poker room switched to electronic tables so the Ex was not a spot I played on my trips to Vegas but Live poker started again a few months ago so off I went. I checked in just after 1pm with the $20 trick getting me an upgraded room in tower 2 on the 21st floor overlooking NYNY, MGM, and the rest of what u see in the picture. Really clean room with upgraded bathroom, bedding, carpet and flat screen TV (only 12 channels). The hallways were also recently painted with new carpet and no smokey smell. Pool area very nice with 4 pools to choose from and 2 hot-tubs. Used the very nice gym facilities one morning that are included in the resort fee. I would definitely recommend the Excalibur for those who don't need crazy high end amenities.	
Nov 11 2009 	what a suprise!!	This was our second vegas trip and we wanted to spend less on hotel and more on avin fun.We booked excalibur cus it was a bargain but after reading reviews got a bit worried that soon changed when we arrived though, check in was excellent no waitin,free room upgrade without askin and really helpful staff.The room was clean,comfortable and quiet big the view wasnt any good but not a problem. Room service was fine seem to take days to remove food trolleys though. The pool area has loads of space and a kid free area aswell. The casino has one of the best atmospheres on the strip especially at the wkend the dealers are really friendly and the slots seem to pay out more than any other casino.	
Nov 8 2009 	Worst Place to stay for Business Travelers!	I was in Vegas for a medical convention for 5 Nights, after spending 4 nights at the Mandalay Bay, I checked into Excalibar for one night. As soon as checked in, I knew I made a mistake by booking at this place. The room wasn’t cleaned properly, the bed sheet and bathroom had hairs everywhere (disgusting) – 5 minutes after I got in to my room, I had an “engineer” banging on my door. He had to fix something in the bathroom. Later, I tried to get online and of course it didn’t work. After, calling tech support 3 times, I just finally gave up. For $156 per night, I’m sure I could’ve stayed at a much better place on the strip.	
Nov 8 2009 	perfect in every way and what we expected!	we just returned from a 2 night stay in Vegas. Our goal was to see the Criss Angel Believe show (which is incredible if you are a fan!). My 16 year old daughter and I traveled together and I wanted a comfortable, clean, updated room. The Excalibur provided that for us without a doubt. We stayed in a wide screen remodeled room on the 23rd floor. Beds were VERY comfy-and everything worked. Prices are still quite high Th - Sat., but hey it's Vegas and everyone comes here on the weekends. I've heard the deals are all earlier in the week. Even though we paid $146 per night I feel we got exactly what we expected. I have no room to complain about anything because hey! This is Vegas. I think you need to be prepared for the unexpected or don't go! The staff was helpful, very nice. Dick's Resort was loud - but again, you are in VEGAS! We used the connecting bridges to get to Luxor, NYNY and over to MGM with ease.Ate breakfast in the McDonalds on the upper level of the Excal and it was hot and fresh. took a taxi down to the Venetian to soak in the beauty of it &amp; also walked across to Mirage to see the Volcano and browse through the Ceasers Forum Shops. Taxi home to Excalibur where it was more quite to sleep. I felt completely safe with my 16 year old and we had a very nice time.	
Nov 8 2009 	We don't have kids so not for us	Of all the big hotels I've stayed at in vegas (around 10), this was the worst. The lobby, amenities and grounds are very well kept. All a very carefully constructed maze to keep you from ever finding your way around though. The room was pretty standard for a big hotel. Views were only ok. The temperature was never right. The room service was just awful. In fact all food in this place seemed to be old, bad, or both. The casino has nothing unique or interesting about it as far as i noticed. They did always have cheap table games open though. The pool was ok as far as setup, but man there's a lot of kids there. Not the trendy scene i'm used to in vegas. The location is not great either, you're really at the far end of the strip with access to only one or two other nearby hotels. I question the intelligence and morality of putting a beer pong room in a hotel with so many tweens. (I know, it's vegas, what's with all this morality stuff... but really?).	
Nov 7 2009 	Very enjoyable stay	We very much enjoyed our stay. We especially enjoyed the swimming pools.	
Nov 7 2009 	Worst Hotel in Vegas	Luckily for us, we only stayed 3 nights at the Excalibur prior to leaving Vegas to tour some of the wonders that the South West has to offer. The Excalibur occupies a pretty good spot on The Strip, yet offers little or none of what you might expect. Very average.Rooms: We had one of the 'new' Widescreen Rooms....it's basically a room with widescreen TV. The decor was awful, as was the sound proofing.Casino: Dark and dingly, and a horrible musty smell.Dining: Apart from the usual food hall, it pffers very little in terms of fine, or even just plain good, dining.I personally would nevert use this hotel again!	
Nov 7 2009 	Good Value	We went to the Sema show in Las Vegas and decided to stay at the Excalibur for a number of reasons. It wasn't close to the convention center, but the location of the Excalibur is good because there is so much to do in that area of the Vegas strip. We had an upgraded widescreen room. Our Sema room rate was $61.00 each night, which I found was better than if I had booked the room on the internet where the rate fluctuated from day to day. For the most part, the room was fine. We had a good view of the mountains. My only complaint would be the shower grout which could have used a good dose of bleach. A friend of ours booked the standard room and had to ask for an upgrade because he said the room was really nasty. The hotel had an all day buffet for $29.00. It was a good bargain. There was also a food court with a good variety of places to eat. Access to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay were very convenient because of the tram and walkways. Excalibur could use a facelift. Given the choice I would probably stay at another hotel for our next visit. But the total experience was not bad.	
Nov 6 2009 	Wow - very surprised and pleased!!	We booked our trip with Expedia and got a really good deal for 5 night's staying at the Excalibur. When we arrived we had no problems checking in what so ever, the receptionist was very helpful and friendly. We were in Tower 1 had a Strip View, Room was quite some size, King size bed VERY clean. Bathroom was a good size aswell, huge shower ( No bath ). I couldnt believe how happy i was with the hotel , i was expecting maybe a few problems as the reviews i red wasnt great and the fact we got it so cheap, but wow i cannot explain what a deal your getting. PERFECT location. Nice chinese upstairs i'd recommend. Go in all the hotels, you have to visit them all, so beautiful and so much to see. New York had lovely bars and we ate in there most nights. We didnt eat at the hotel buffet as i didnt see what the point was, your there to experience all sorts of food and restaurants so in my opinion i wouldnt bother. Round the pool was great, loads of sun loungers, weather was lovely, not too hot. Go on the Rollarcoaster at New York New York Very fun!! We visited downtown to see the lightshow, apart from that there isnt much there, but was on the last night and since we were shattered from all the others nights we'd had out. Las Vegas has some fantastic clubs if you like your partying scene, of all ages aswell so dont be afraid, I'd recommend, The bank at the Belliago, PURE at Caesars Palace, LAX at the Luxor. DONT buy any tickets from people on the street, most of the time you can get them free from workers in the hotel. Also go the Paris hotel up the effiel tower, Me and my fiance went, was very romantic and you get a fantastic view of the Strip. We were there for Halloween and we had the BEST time ever! Very sad to be home. I would definitly stay at the excalibur again, why pay all that money for a top notch hotel if your hardly in it? EXCALIBUR ALL THE WAY!!! Oh and bring comfy shoes, there's a lot of walking!!! Have fun x	
Nov 6 2009 	Agree! This hotel sucked big time!	This review is 4 years late. My apologies. Only now I find time reading other people's review and wanting to give my two cents. This was a hotel I can remember very vividly. It was Hell on Earth!-- We just got off the plane at 9am from a 14-hour flight from Hong Kong via Tokyo, heavily jet-lagged, tired and yes, they refused to give us a room even though they had one available. &quot;Hotel policies&quot; stated it is 3pm check-in time. Then she walked off as if refusing to discuss with us further-- Furnitures were old - chipped, scratched, written on - the table legs were crooked-- noisy outside of the room. The rooms were not very sound-proof-- noisy INSIDE of the room. The damn, old and cranky air conditioner, which was about to break down refused to shut up. And you really don't want to turn it off with the 44 degrees Celsius blistering Summer heat outside. Either you live with the noisy air-con or you live with the noisy corridors, either way, you are screwed!If it wasn't because of the discounted convention price that the organizers offered, we wouldn't have stayed there. Out of a total of 12 days we spent in Las Vegas, we had to stay for 5 nights in this hell hole. The other 7 night we booked at Luxor. We almost cancelled Luxor as well thinking the quality would be much the same because both Excalibur and Luxor were owned by the MGM group.Overall quality of service of this hotel is appalling, not because I was heavily ticked off of the other finer points but rather comparing with other hotels in other major cities around the world, this hotel is shameful to say the least.	
Nov 3 2009 	Nice place to stay. Would stay again.	Stayed here by recommendation by friend. Had room with two queen comfortable beds, with husband &amp; 10yo&amp;7yo. Rooms were very clean. Kids loved pool even tho the pool with slide was closed for the 5 days out of 6 we were there - disappointed in that. Las Vegas Casinos/Hotels should really look into &quot;KIDS CLUB&quot;... Kings of Tournament Show at Excalibur was great too.	
Nov 2 2009 	Decidedly average!	Stayed at the Excalibur for 6 nights. Whilst it was clean and comfy enough, the hotel and casino was very dated in its appearance. The rooms were average - we had no room safe, or refrigerator. Would have been nice to also have a kettle in the room for a morning cuppa. All in all it's pretty basic. I did stay one night in the Hard Rock Hotel and in comparison to the Excalibur, that was very smart. With all the deals around now, I think you can get more for your money elsewhere, but if you are literally just in the room for a few hours sleep and to shower, Excalibur will do the job.	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent value for money	Booked this on line and we were very happy with the whole Excalibur experience. Awesome room, Tower 2 Widescreen room looking out over to the mountain range. Quiet, easy to sleep, comfy beds, very clean rooms, big bathroom, quiet air-con, friendly staff, excellent food hall and eateries, highly recommend the Steakhouse. Great location to other casinos and the Strip. Free monorail to Luxor and Mandalay Bay. No fuss check out and you can even check your motel account on the TV in your room. We would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 29 2009 	Nice hotel mean workers	My aunt and uncle met my dad and I in Las Vegas NV since it is halfway between us. I am not yet 21 and although we knew I couldn't gamble we booked our stay at the Excalibur, believing I would be able to still walk around with them and everything. I guess its a state law you cant even be stopped near the machines if you are not 21. I understand it is a law, and I was ok with that. But everytime I even walked past the machines I got told off for supposedly &quot;stopping&quot;. They were also very rude. 	
Oct 28 2009 	Fabulous hotel rcommended fot children	After reading some of the reviews from other people about this hotel, I was a bit worried about taking my children to Las Vegas but I needn't have worried. We didn't get approached by any holiday reps, and check-in was a breeze! We booked a Widescreen View room in Tower 2 which was excellent. We overlooked the New York hotel which was lovely. My 2 children are aged 6 and 10, and they both loved the Spongebob ride as well as all the games available in the Festive Fayre area. The Food Court was excellent and had a Cold Stone Creamery outlet which was lovely! Access to the Luxor was provided by a covered walkway as well as a regular free monorail, and New York and MGM were connected by a bridge.Las Vegas provided loads of entertainment all day and night with the Bellagio fountains, Mirage volcano, Ceasars shops, Venetian, MGM Lion Habitat, Mirage Secret Garden to name but a few. There is even a huge 4 floored M&amp;M shop!Apart from the many &quot;vendors&quot; pedalling &quot;escorts&quot; as we walked down the strip, there was no issue bringing the children. They did not pass any of these cards once they saw the kids,so even this wasn't an issue.Excalibur is a great base if you have kids and I would recommend it to anyone considering bringing their kids to Vegas. The pools are great and kids friendly.	
Oct 28 2009 	Yep we would stay again	We thought that this hotel wasnt bad at all .The food places were great the service was good ,the room was clean on the downside those people soliciting in every entrance and exit were harrassing and annoying and the Tounament of kings was a BAD waste of money.	
Oct 28 2009 	Perfect Location Great rate	I stayed here for a week and really enjoyed it. the room was large with a huge bathroom and very clean. We were in a smoking room and it did not smell at all. The staff were a bit unfriendly but it didn't really matter as overall my expereince was great. Good location on The Strip and good buffet breakfast. Not the fanciest of casinos but overall I got value for my money.	
Oct 27 2009 	4 seniors from dublin ireland	we stayed at the excalibur hotel for 7 nights . we found the check in very fast and check out the same . hotel rooms clean service excellent plenty of places to eat and drink. very good value for money. close to all the action pools good very clean plenty towels and free. there were some draw backs . there are some people at the entrance and exits of the hotel selling time share they stop at every given chance and can be very annoying. also we wanted to by some tickets for a show and went to the ticket desk in the hotel and were given a price of 140$ per person for ashow in caesars palace and refused to payand went direct to caesars palaceand got them for 50$ each so beware.	
Oct 27 2009 	Loved Excalibur!	I stayed here with my boyfriend for three nights (Wed, Thurs &amp; Friday) and this was my first trip to Vegas. Once we were in our hotel room, I was very happy with it. We booked one of the newer widescreen rooms and asked for a view of the strip. We were told those rooms required an extra $10 a night, so that's what we did.Our room was on the left side of tower 2, and had an incredible view of NYNY and MGM Grand and some of the mountains. And while the TV is nice, there aren't many channels to watch (but who's going to be watching TV in Vegas, right?).The beds were really comfortable, with plenty of pillows, but we later discovered one drawback to having a strip-view room: the sound of traffic is so loud you feel as if you're sleeping right on the street! We fixed this by turning the A/C's fan on to drown the noise out, but those really sensitive to noise might want to avoid these rooms.The room was cleaned, bed made, bathroom supplies restocked each day and the towels were nice and fluffy. The hallways during our stay were kept clean and food carts &amp; trays removed promptly. Our third day there, we discovered that the folder your room key comes in is also a map of the hotel if you unfold it even further, but we'd already figured out the layout by then.For the resort fee of $5, you get 2 free drink credits, 2 free passes to carnival games in the Fantasy Faire Midway and 2 free passes to the fitness center.We didn't use the fitness center or pool area, so can't comment on them.We were approached by the timeshare people and were at first fooled into thinking they were hotel employees trying to help us. As I'd read previous reviews, I quickly figured it out. If you just keep walking, they leave you alone. They are dressed in navy blue suits and are located right next to the tower entrances and the bell desk. We tried the breakfast buffet and was happy with it, but I'm sure there's better elsewhere on the strip. As for location on the strip, I was somewhat happy with this hotel. It is a bit of a hike to the really impressive mid-strip hotels, but a major part of the fun I had in Vegas was exploring the strip. Also, the Deuce bus makes it easy and cheap to get around. We aren't gamblers at all, so while I'd say the casino was dark and smoky, it didn't seem to be that much more so than any other casino we walked through. All in all, we were both very happy with our stay here and felt (at least with the Widescreen view room) it was probably worth more than what we'd paid for and I definitely recommend staying here if you want somewhere nice while sticking to a budget. I'd probably choose somewhere else to stay if we ever visit Vegas again, but that's only for the sake of variety.	
Oct 26 2009 	Some good some bad	Third trip to Vegas in about a year and a half. Have stayed at Ballys, Harrahs and Imperial Palace(twice). Decided to go with Excalibur because I waited too long to book and they had a better deal than any of the HET properties at the time. This trip I decided that I wanted to stay on a weekend night. Flew in on Sat around 3:30 and stayed two nights at Excalibur before moving to my comped nights at Imperial Palace. First thing my opinion about Vegas on a Sat night...basically the same as a weekday night only more people! Got to hotel around 4:30pm, no line for check-in. Front desk lady tried to make me upgrade to widescreen room for $20 extra each night, no thanks paying enough already. Told her that I would like my standard room on a higher floor. She told me that she couldn't give me one if I still wanted a smoking room. Told me it had to be 1st or 2nd floor only in the standard room but if I paid for upgrade I could have one of those rooms higher up. Hmmmm, No thank you again, told I would take 2nd floor...she said we only have 1st floor left. Great! No map of hotel given. Really wished they would have given a map to know what all was in the hotel. Nothing in the room either. Room was in Tower 1, first floor. Didn't need elevator so can't comment on it. Room was next to last room on hall. Had to go all the way to other side of Tower 1 for ice machine. (had to ask directions from security, no map remember?!) Security was usually sitting there by elevator, sign says you need to present room key but no one ever asked. Sales people are completely outta control, they harrass you as soon as you walk in the door for all angles and are always by the entrance to rooms so they get you coming and going! Don't be fooled at first they will make you think they are hotel staff trying to help you check in!!Okay, now to my lovely standard room on the first floor. At first I was completely upset but as it turned out being on the first floor was great!! No waiting for elevators!! Room was quiet, no outside noise, as the view was of a giant wall. There was some space in between and a maintance guy walked by the window one day and scared the crap out of us. Had two double beds, comfortable but only 2 pillows on each. Thank goodness we only used one bed. Got in bed the first night and pulled the covers up to find holes and brown stains....ughhh! Quickly got out and switched beds, that one was better. Room service was good but they did stop me in the hall one day at 11:30 and ask if we were leaving the room at all. Ummm yeah give me a minute lady, I'm on vacation! lol Room had small table and two chairs. Typical small no channel vegas tv. Bathroom was rather large, no tub just shower. Room size for standard room was pretty good size. Went to the pool for about an hour one day. Not packed since it was Oct but nice set up. Pool is located in Tower 2. Didn't do too much gambling here, usually keep on walking out to other hotels. Liked having a base to return to after exploring south end of strip more thorougly. You can walk into Luxor and then into Mandalay Bay without going outside. They also have a free tram connecting them. Liked walking to NYNY, MGM and Tropicana. Bought a 3 day Deuce pass online a head of time and used that to head to the other end of strip and downtown. This hotel has an excellant food court. Loved being able to walk to second floor for quick food options. Ate at McDonalds and Chinese place but they had lots of other stuff to choose from. Also ate at Southwest grill on first floor near Tower 2. Would come back to Excalibur if a good deal came along!!	
Oct 26 2009 	Still value for money!!!	Ok, quick bit of background here. We were heading back to Vegas Oct 12-22, myself, wife, 12yr old son and my folks. We had stayed at the Excalibur same time last year, and this was to be our 5th visit to Vegas in the last 7 years. Got a great deal on Smartervegas.com, $647 for widescreen room for 10 nights. After a long day travelling from Scotland, we hit Vegas at about 2130, grabbed our bags and dived into a taxi. $15 and 10 minutes later, we were at the check in desk!! No lines, served straight away. Tried the $20 trick but check in clerk already rushed through our booking before even asking for ID &amp; CC, so he didn't even get the chance to see the sandwich, lol.... Only upgrade available was view room for extra $15 per night, declined his offer as we knew the rooms booked were good enough. We were on 26th floor, with view of Luxor and Mandalay Bay. Ok, to the rooms....Like i said, we had stayed here the previous year, so knew what to expect. My folks however were at the Ex for the first time, having previously stayed at the Hilton and HGV Club. Everyone was impressed with the rooms, large enough, 2 good sized queen beds in each room, with requested adjoining door. The Excalibur, in my opinion is a great hotel if the price is right, and we certainly got a great deal. We didn't use any of the hotel restaurants, as we had other places we wanted to try, although we did hit Krispy Kreme Doughnuts a few times!!! Service at the hotel was very good from all employees, and this was true when my folks shower had backed up and a maintenance man turned up within 5 minutes of reporting to front desk!!Pool area was good as always, and had 3 out of 4 pools open, and cabana hire for $60 was really good. Tables and slots were pretty tight though, but i felt this was the case at all the casinos this year, not just the Excalibur.Overall, had another great stay at good prices and comfortable rooms.Would recommend to anyone who goes with a realistic expectation. Excalibur is not high end Vegas luxury, but neither is the room rate. If you appreciate you will get good solid 3 star accommodation, good amenities and friendly service, you will have a great time here.	
Oct 25 2009 	Adequate for the money	Stayed for 2 nights in a standard room. Arrived around noon and there was a line of about 30 people to check in. The line moved fairly quickly and I got a non-smoking, 2 bed standard room (no widescreen tv) on the 14th floor. I didn't inquire about any upgrade and wasn't offered any. Got up to the room and it was dated, but clean and functional. Didn't spend that much time in the room or casino. Did not try any of the restaurants here either. Tried to check out via tv, but it said it was unavailable. The location is a detractor. I spent most of my time mid-strip so I wouldn't stay here again unless it was a really good deal. Took the deuce bus up and down the strip. Bought the 3-day pass online and used it to get to Orleans, Rio, Palms. There is a shuttle from Paris to Rio, but I had the 3-day pass and was set on using it. Ate at Bellgio and Wynn buffets and they're both still exceptional. I also took advantage of some coupons online and had a sandwich and soup at Bella Panini in Venetian food court and used the Haagen Daz coupon for ice cream. The meatball sandwich was very good. No complaints about the bed or facilities at Excalibur. I was a bit nervous from reading some negative reviews, but I found everything satisfactory.	
Oct 25 2009 	Cheap and cheerful!	Last year we stayed at the Mirage and the Luxor. This year we wanted somewhere cheaper than the Mirage but did not want to pay too much, so we chose this hotel. Having seen it last year we were prepared for the over-the-top castle theme, but this is Vegas right? You need to get into the spirit of it to enjoy it! We decided to upgrade to a renovated widescreen room and were very happy with it. It was clean, comfy and (despite being told we had not paid for a 'view') had a great outlook over the mountains. Yes the casino was smokey (which casino here is not?) and yes the sales people were annoying (they are in the expensive hotels too and you just have to ignore them) but our room was non-smoking and very quiet. There are, of course, pros and cons of staying here. Pros: connected to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay hotels by free tram good selection of restaurants and food stands cocktails/other drinks much cheaper than the more expensive hotels easier to get a seat on the Deuce bus as it is at the southern end of the stripCons: need to walk a fair distance to get to many of the hotels casino can be quite dark and noisy room service seemed to leave trolleys in corridors for days at a timeAll in all, however, I was very pleasantly surprised by my visit, especially after reading some of the negative comments on this website (I guess people are far more likely to post when they have had a bad experience than a good one) and would certainly consider staying here again. I will also be suggesting this hotel to friends looking for a fun, cheap option when staying in Las Vegas.	
Oct 23 2009 	Wouldn't go back.	My wife and I wanted a cheap vacation and with the rates right now in Vegas it was possible. This was my third time to Vegas. I have previously stayed at Ballys and the Stratosphere. The Excalibur was probably my least favorite because it is old, corny, and just not nice. I upgraded to the Widescreen room, which is a must, and I was still upset with the room. The rooms just feel dirty and old, the casino is dark and dingy and the sales guys are obnoxious. The best thing about this hotel is the pool, there are a few pools, they are clean and it is a fun atmosphere. The food court was great too. I would definitely not return, I would pay double the price to stay somewhere else nicer and more central on the strip. I don’t have any horror stories about this hotel/casino, I guess you get what you pay for and this is a very old hotel and that is why it is so cheap.	
Oct 20 2009 	Pleasant surprise of a older hotel	Despite it's dated look, the property and casino is clean and manageable. Location is perfect, walkways to Luxor and the New York New York and the Tropicana is good perfect. Upkeep on cleaning is tough as troughs of people go through this property easily. Overall it's a good bargain and near to everything. Stay here to enjoy a good night's rest before going back on the tables or slots.	
Oct 20 2009 	Right on the strip!	Getting a little dated now but still got all the bells and whistles and has the basic format of most strip hotels. Ask for a high floor room as they have best views and are quieter.	
Oct 20 2009 	Not true advertising on web	Great with the kids due to the Fantasy Fair. Smoking was a huge issue for us, once out of the lift all you could smell was smoke from the Casino. The kids pool was closed the whole time we were there as it was out of season but this wasn't stated on the web site when booking. Rooms very small, meant to be recently refurbished but the bathroom was already looking very tired. Excellent restaurants and good shops in the hotel.	
Oct 19 2009 	This hotel SUCKS!	This hotel SUCKS. My friends and I flew into Vegas at 9am. We got to our hotel at 10. We were told that we had to wait in till 3:30pm to get into our room. After signing in the hotel charges you a 7.50 resort fee for every night that you stay. The room and holes and dents in the walls, we had a security alarm that went off at 6am and it went off until 6:45am and the toilet was broken. The employees kept bugging us about these shows that we couldn't see because we wornt 25 years old. That really sucked. I would NEVER stay at that hotel again.	
Oct 18 2009 	Nice stay and accomodations	Stayed here for 5 nights while on vacation in Vegas. Was on floor 26 which had a nice view and decent elevator access. The rooms haven't changed much since we were here 1 1/2 years ago but the place is fine. Good service and checkin/out was easy. For the money you can't beat it.	
Oct 18 2009 	Trip w/ kiddos 	Excellent place to stay for lots of fun and great place for kids!	
Oct 17 2009 	Camelot - Ha!	ExcaliburWell I'm a proud Welshman and I could go on forever in letting you know how VERY WRONG they got the King Arthur element here!!! But let's stick to the facts.I've stayed in Vegas quiet a few times and this is a family orientated three star hotel. Obviously below the Bellagio, Wynn, Venetian etc or the MGM &amp; Mirage, on a par with Harrahs and Flamingo, slightly better than Circus, Stratosphere, Tropicana!This hotel has a supposed King Arthur Camelot castle theme with knights in shining armour, fair maidens, fire breathing dragons and......Robin Hood????Having said that I found the check in staff miserable and was pounced on every five minutes by the ticket sellers once i ventured off the casino floor! They seem more evident and annoying here than anywhere else I've stayed on the strip. They are like the roaches that hand out flyers outside Planet Hollywood, just in suits!The casino is typical of any other hotel and not much to write home about. The room, located in one of the lower floors of tower 1 had no view at all but was spacious and adequate with plenty of storage space, table &amp; chairs, shower but a safe that didn't work. This was the first time in three trips here over the past 12 months that I was stung for the $5 a night resort / energy tax!The hotel, clean for the most part but I did notice plates &amp; dishes in our halway which noone collected for over 24 hours! Oh yeah and the moat didn't seem to have water in it for our entire stay....guess the water shortage has finally reached Vegas!There are plenty of food choices from fast food to restaurant but fails to have that exclusive eatery or the big name chef attatched to the 4 or 5 star hotels on the strip.A poor selection of shops here, a couple of souveiner ones and plenty selling kids bits &amp; pieces, nothing suitable for a thirtysomething couple!In my opinion if you want to stay this end of the strip opt for the New York, New York or Luxor or pay that little bit extra for the MGM Grand.This hotel is definately in need of upgrading and a revamp.....Disney if you are reading this, give me the job....I'll do things the right way!	
Oct 17 2009 	Fine for the price	19 year old hotel was fine with us. Elevator wait was really the only negative as how can you complain when you aren't paying much for a room you are never really in?In good proximity to the shops and restaurants New York, New York, Luxor and Mandalay Bay.	
Oct 15 2009 	Good choice for the value.	The Excalibur was a good choice for the value. We got a really good deal and had low expectations. When we arrived we disvovered the hotel was outdated but not at all as bad as some have described in other reviews. There were plenty of families with kids. The location is very good, close to other popular hotels.	
Oct 14 2009 	Excalibur - first time not the last	This was my first time staying at Excalibur and I would definitely stay there again. The service was great and the casino personnel was very polite and helpful. My spouse booked a standard room but were upgraded to a Widescreen room, and were very impressed with the room. I don't think our experience would have been the same with the less modern standard room, maybe it was just the feeling of having an expensive room but not paying $$$ a night for it. Originally we were going to stay at the Stratosphere due to it's low cost, but seeing how we wanted to spend most our time on the strip we then chose the Sahara due to it's Monorail connection. After reading all the horror stories we then chose the Travelodge on the strip, but my spouse had never been to Vegas so we chose Excalibur as the least expensive big casino value. I don't care how little time you plan to stay in your hotel, it does make a difference in the overall vacation experience.	
Oct 14 2009 	Much better than expected .... Great stay.	We stopped at the excalibur from the 24th-29th september and had a great time in vegas as usual. This was our third visit to vegas and we absolutely love the place. We had previously stopped at luxor and mgm and we were slightly concerned with the excalibur from what we had seen on previous visits and reviews etc but it was the complete opposite. On arrival, we asked for an upgrade and got one of the refurbed rooms with the plasma tv and a view of the strip which was brilliant all for nothing (well, a bit of sweet talking and smiles), so that was the best start we could have hoped for !! Room was in tower 2, second floor and was perfect for what you we needed. At the end of the day it is a base and somewhere to sleep and shower. Never see the point of spending a fortune on a luxury room when you wil hardly be in it! So, the view from the room was of the strip, as we looked out the window we faced the side of monte carlo and if we looked slightly right we had the view of the strip, mgm, new york new york etc etc and could see as far down as the venetian. The room had recently been refurbed and looked good and modern, nice plasma, carpets, comfy beds and large bathroom etc. No faults with the room at all. The pool area was nice, no where near the size and quality of mgm's pool area but still nice and always found sunbeds early afternoon. Inside the casiono areas, it does have an old look about the place and probably could do with modernising but the likes of excalibur, new york new york and other older hotels are sometimes what vegas is all about. We walked past the 'party pit' every night back to the room which was a nice view, the casino, slots and tables were always busy, as well as the food areas etc. Overall, we were pleasently surprised by the quality of the hotel, especially the room we had. We love vegas in general and would definately stop at the excalibur again.	
Oct 13 2009 	not for children not for adults.... not for anyone!	we travel to vegas a lot and decided to stay at the excalibur this time since we have had good experiences at other mgm/mirage hotels. I was suprised to see how much upgrading this hotel/casino needed and was shocked that it was an mgm/mirage hotel. It must certainly be the black sheep of the family. reservations and check-in experiences were acceptable. we stayed in tower 2 with the &quot;renovated&quot; rooms (they basically put in a widescreen tv and it is now &quot;renovated.&quot;)the room was in need of new &quot;renovating&quot; already and the shower barely worked.we came with kids.... the pool with the slide was only open for one day out of the three that we stayed, but the kids loved the pool for that one day. the arcade/midway downstairs was the worst i've ever seen. broken games, indifferent employess, not enough staff.... looked a lot like what a carinival museum would look like. this is NOT a hotel for kids, trust me on this one. later in the day, adults will not like all the kids running around, and the families with kids will not like the strippers dancing on the tables. Just who the hotel is catering to is a huge mystery. for those who like to gamble, this is NOT the place to play. This is the only mgm/mirage casino where i was treated badly by the VIP host. they certainly need lessons in customer appreciation.Definitely one of those hotels that need to be replaced since the location is failrly good.	
Oct 12 2009 	Castle on the Strip	Service at Excalibur was kind and courteousHotel room was clean	
Oct 12 2009 	Dirty Old Hotel	Old,dirty, dated hotel, with poor customer service. We love Vegas and usually stay at Bellagio, MGM, and took the kids for the first time and even stayed at Circus Circus and thought is was bad, but the rooms were clean and the kid entertainment was great, but the Excalibur Hotel needs major renovating or it should go up like other hotels of the past. They do have a buffet that wasn't to bad for $15, but everywhere you go you see signs saying the buffet is 29.99 which can confuse people , they also have krispy creme, mc donalds, and a steakhouse and italian resturant which makes eating for all convenient. As a smoker the air filtration system most not have been working because it was so smokey even my eyes where burning. we paid $130/night for three rooms. gross mildewy, shower, someone spilled something in the bathroom before us and I guess they didn't mop it up. the bedspread in another room had so many cigarette burn holes we did ask for another one, find another place to stay.We only need a hotel for the night before heading to lake Powell for some hiking and fishing, so the price was right, but next time I will spend a bit more for cleaniness.	
Oct 12 2009 	LOVED IT	Went to Vegas w/my hubby, his parents, my parents, and his sister and brother-in-law. We all absolutely loved it. It is on the corner across from New York, New York, MGM Grand, and another one whose name escapes me at the moment. Perfect place to stay on the strip because you are at the end. Not a far walk from the Bellagio, Caesar's, etc. The rooms were immaculate, the casino was nice, as was the pool. Staff was all super friendly, and the rates were AWESOME. The eateries left a little to be desired, but you get what you pay for at buffet time. Can't wait to go back again :)	
Oct 12 2009 	Good value hotel - BUT Dont eat the Buffett!	We got a good price for the newly remodeled Tower 2 with widescreen tv for $59 a night, plus 2 all day all you can eat buffett passes--- The room was great for the money. Clean, nice tv, cant complain. Know that there is no tub (only walk in shower) and no coffee maker (which is standard in Vegas these days).... But the beds were comfortable and the room large enough for the 4 of us. No complains.... pool was nearly empty and very nice, 4 large pools, 1 adult only, very nice!HOWEVER, we all got very sick on the Buffett and it was so mediorce when eating it too. Not good food and made all for of us sick. Cant recommend the food. Go somewhere else! (METRO PIZZA delivers and was really good)	
Oct 11 2009 	Kid Friendly for Vegas	We were very careful in selecting a place to stay with our kids in Vegas. We needed a stopover on our way back from San Diego, we had some friends in Vegas, so we decided to stay here. Having children while traveling is always tricky, especially in a place like Vegas. We are lucky because our kids are cute and don't cause trouble. I do have to say that everyone we encountered, both staff and guests, were kind to us. Pros ---Pool - just make sure it is open, and which parts are open. There is a small 18+ pool if you are traveling without kids. My kids enjoyed the waterslide. There are 2, but only 1 was open.--Room - We chose a large deluxe room. It had recently been updated and was very clean considering what we have seen on the strip in Vegas. It was roomy. It had 2 queens and a couch. Shower only, no tub.--Check-in- The line was long, but moved quickly. I was about 10 minutes. The staff members were friendly.--QuietCons- --Parking. Use free Valet. Self-park is far away, and worth a couple of bucks in tip. However, having said that, valet is a little bit of a wait.--Location is okay, but remember that you are on the south end of the strip, so getting anywhere takes some time.	
Oct 10 2009	don't stay in tower 1	i found tower 1 to be very old and still had the motel style AC units. all view are blocked by a wall. it was clean but furnishing need a serious overhaul.	
Oct 9 2009 	Disappointment was rewarded	When checking in the receptionist asked if we still wanted a smoking room. We said yes and were looking at the upgraded room prices. She said she already upgraded us to a room with a view. Wow, great.When we got to the room the view was beautiful and it was very close to the elevator. Upon inspection we noticed no ashtrays and the blowdryer was missing from the wall in the bathroom and the light would not come on. I called the desk and was informed all the smoking rooms were gone for the night, that we needed to push the breaker button on the outlet next to the switch (where the blow dryer is suposed to plug in) and that a technician would come up about the dryer. I also asked if there wasn't a safe in the room. She told me where it was and I hung up. When I went to open the safe it was locked. On my second call to the desk she said a different person would have to be paged to come open the safe for us but we would have to wait in the room for him to come because she had no idea of when he would come. Perhaps it was the sound of suprise in my voice when I realized they didn't want us to go down and gamble that made her offer to move us to another room. She called back within a few minutes and told us her supervisor suggested moving us to a jacuzi room and even though it was still not a smoking room we were able to keep it for the entire stay if we wanted. It was a great room and the jacuzi was a great way to relax after traveling and feeling like we got the run around. It was a nice stay.	
Oct 9 2009 	Staying in Excalibur is great.	We've stayed at Excalibur twice now and it's one of our favorite casinos in relation to price. The casino itself is situated somewhat at the end of the strip, but still easily within walking distance of other major casinos and the monorail. The staff there are normally very friendly and will try to help you with whatever you may need. The atmosphere inside is nice, not overly crowded, high ceilings, and lots of floor space make for a nice non-claustrophobic experience. We've gotten the cheapest rooms both times we stayed and have been perfectly satisfied.One thing that I don't like about the place is the food, their buffet is slightly sub-par when compared to others. The shows that they had going didn't seem to be very entertaining either. And lastly, the time-share hawkers that try and grab you every time you walk in. That is the MOST annoying thing ever.	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent Value	My wife and I were a bit nervous in reserving a &quot;lower-quality&quot; hotel on the strip. However, we were pleasantly surprised. We had no issues throughout the entire trip (3 nights). Table minimums are among the lowest on the strip and the updated &quot;widescreen&quot; rooms are nicer than we expected. If we had kids with us I would not have appreciated the go-go dancers being placed in the middle of the casino as they are. However, since it was just the wife and I, we had absolutely no problem with the eye candy.	
Oct 8 2009 	Last of 3 hotels for week absolutely the WORST..never again	Most bizarre parking situation (should have just done valet) very rude check in employee, there was a extremely long line of people checking in so we decided sure we'll check in also (slightly after 1 :20 pm) Chastized for trying to &quot;check in early&quot; and told that nothing was ready and we would have to come back after 3pm. Told to leave bags with bell service. I decided that I would rather leave than stay where I was going to be given such attitude, what bout all the other peoplee in line the never ending line. So we hiked back to the parking ramp with all our luggage because at this point I would rather have stayed anywhere but here even I had already paid in advance. Left stuff in car and went back in immediately, got back in line, different registration person and no mention of what had just occured and like magic we had a room!!??** Go figure. So not sure what the little witchs problem was, but I am not demanding, a very easy going customer, but certainly to get put off by poor customer service. Room was okay but place is laid out like a rat maze, cocktail service is just about non-existant (and yes I always tip, but can only tip if I receive something) Poor signage to get to NYNY. Tried to sample the flavor of a couple different establishments in one week trip to report to folks back home for future travel plans. Paris - YES , Harrah's - YES, Golden Nugget - YES, Excalibur - NO NO NO &amp; before I forget did the room get vacuumed before we got it, found someone's skanky black socks on floor near edge of bed, weren't ours! Uck!	
Oct 8 2009	Best of the cheapest on strip	The hotel was nice, people were freindly, check out and check in was less than 5 minutes. We did not much in the hotel but those that did found it better than ave. The pool area was clean, large and well organized. Rooms were outdated but clean. Not the Paris or MGM but not near the price either.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful Hotel Excellent Location Unbelievable Price	We just loved it. This was our first trip to Vegas and we first booked Stratosphere and then changed to this one through a friend's suggestion. I now understand what I would have missed I I stayed at Stratosphere or even Circus Circus. Though only those two can match with Excalibur in price. But from location and hotel standpoint it is incomparable. Stratosphere is far far away. And Circus Circus, oh my god, it's a chaos. Stay at excalibur, you would enjoy it. And moreover their buffet is also okay, though I heard a lot bad about it.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good Value for the $$$	Good Value for the money for sure! The all day Buffet is good for a change we went next door to the Luxor and ate there for free on our Comps. The casino was always hopping we stayed in the Tower 1 rooms the room was clean only complaint the bed was too soft. The pool area is nice always chaise loungers available and on our last day we got a cabana for $75 which was great. If you have a late flight you can check out spend the day at the pool and pay the $5 guest fee to use the spa to shower and get ready. Over all I would stay at the Excalibur again as we got a great deal couldn’t beat the price.We had some of the best cocktail waitresses on this casino floor. Went mid strip it was like pulling teeth to get a cocktail this might just be why the casino @ the Excalibur is busy!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great rooms excellent service 	We were upgraded after asking for an upgrade to king widescreen room and explaining we were celebrating our 5 year anniversary. The pools were nice, there were several margarita machines at the bars, food was good at every resteraunt. I was excited there were 2 starbucks and a krispy kreme at the hotel too. I had good luck with the slot machines too. I would for sure stay here again and I just have to add that I was skeptical on coming here because I typically ONLY stay at 5 star (maybe 4 star depending on where we are going). Oh and be sure to visit Casa Di Amore - an Italian resteraunt off the strip. It was really good and they picked us up in a limo (round-trip) for free - if you book in advance.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good Location and Price	Nice clean hotel with a good location right next to New York and the Luxor. Perfect for kids - good size pool (4 pools) and a food court for a quick breakfast or late night snack. Just be mindful of the evening entertainment just like any other Hotel in Vegas. Large portions through room service and up to four of us ate (with leftovers) by ordering just two entrees.	
Oct 8 2009 	Simply a good place to sleep	Excalibur may be down in the far end of the strip but it's still on the strip and for the priceyou can't really beat it. It's close to the luxor and mandalay bay. We didn't get to see the tournament show and the casino is not that bad either.	
Oct 8 2009 	Stinky rooms	What can I say. The hotel is on the strip and the location is good. Vegas is cheap now because of the economic downturn so you should be able to find much better hotels at the same cost. However we did book one day prior to the start of the trip and still got a good deal.Let's see... rooms stank. I'm serious. The people at the hotel were nice as they ugraded our room. But the room stunk. Also watch out for the timeshare people. They give you free show tickets but you literally have to give up half your day. And they're very pushy. My gf was not very happy. Excalibur was only offering free tickets to their shows. If you decide to attend the timeshare, you can switch for other tickets. Some do cost additional funds. I saw KA but paid $110. But that's for (2) tix. So basically buy 1 get 1 free.Overall it is what it is. Don't expect anything close to a 4 or 5 star hotel. But you'll be hotel hopping anyway. Oh, the pool area was somewhat ok but the main pool (they have 3) was closed. And the pool closes at 7pm.	
Oct 8 2009 	Avoid Excalibur if at all possible	No security – no chain or deadbolt lock on door, no checking for access,Pizza delivery leaves menus nightly under door.Access to floor or room is available to all.Additional resort fee of $ 7.50 per night plus tax accessed.Tower wide screen room is most basic and contains no thrillsBath contains shower with hanging doors, non-adjustable head, no tub.If close to elevator bank – noise is constant.No coffee / tea service / refrigerator / or mini bar.No TV guide / hotel service manual / or listing of amenities.Internet charge is $ 13.99 per day for connection.No desk or other work area.Access to pool in through lobby.Inadequate working areas and no reading lights.Furnishings: rug, chairs, tables, etc. well worn even after refurbishing.I would not recommend this property.	
Oct 8 2009 	Value Value Value	The room was very clean and spacious. This hotel is located near other nice hotels and casinos on the strip and a short distance from the airport. There is a very reasonably priced buffet at the hotel which is probably the best buffet on the strip. The night life is good also since there were various bands and singers at the different bars in the casino. We were able to get a bus trip that picked us up at the hotel to go to the Grand Canyon which was also worth the cost.	
Oct 8 2009 	hidden charges...	They gave us 2 &quot;free&quot; drinks and game coupons, but then they charged us for them 11 dollars, even we didn't use them. Towels are old and not clean, no fridge in a room... hotel is far from parking lot. No free Internet.	
Oct 8 2009 	Decent Speedy Check In!	Decent standard rooms. View is decent also. There is a very good thing and that is the speedy check in. From line to counter to check in, it took less than 5 minutes.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good!	For my mom's birthday I thought it would be fun to see las vegas-neither of us are gamblers and have never been there before. That said-I really didn't know what to expect.We spent 350 each for hotel/airfare from east coast for 4 days --a good deal I thought. We get to the hotel--I recommend a cab, they are fast and cheap. and people are walking around with cocktails and smoking and the noise and go-go dancer --wow too much to take in. The line to check in moved quickly and they bumped us up to the nicer room. The room was large, they talk about a big tv, but they don't mention that there are like 10 channels. However who goes to Vegas to watch TV? Ok so my pros and cons:Pro-room was large, comfortable, on the 26th floorCon-a bit worn, no tub and my mother wanted a tub, hotel was smokey. I don't like cigarette smoke but some casinos had better filtration systems. It was a dark hotel and I preferred places like Mandalay bay which is not much more expensive, but like i said it was our first time there. If I was to go to Vegas again I don't think I'd stay there are nicer places competing for your dollar	
Oct 8 2009 	a basic room on the strip but the price is right	If you're looking for a plain ol' place to sleep it off on the strip, this is it... clean rooms, but very basic. Nice, clean pool area - better than what we saw of the New York, New York pools. Hooray for the $5 craps table!	
Oct 7 2009 	Try somewhere else	The reason I say try somewhere else is because with all of the options in Las Vegas there has to be a better hotel for people on a budget. Here is my take on Excalibur to help you with your decison:The room- Sheets and pillowcases had stains on them. Gross. There were used glasses outside our door when we first arrived and for about 24 hours after. Gross. Dust on bedside table. Gross. There is no fridge in the room and it is 20$ a day to rent one. I asked for extra blankets and the person at the front desk said &quot;We'll see what we can do. I'll put it in the computer.&quot; Like that was so much to ask! He was VERY rude to me. I have been to many hotels and have traveled to many cities and I've never been spoken to like that by someone at Guest Services. I simply asked for two extra blankets. I asked for these blankets because they are paper thin and there are no comforters on the beds, just very thin blankets. The pillows are VERY soft. There is a plasma tv in the room with about 5 channels, so what's the point? The bathroom looked slightly updated but still in need of repairs. The beds are very firm. I like firm beds so this didn't bother me as much as the soft pillows, the dirty sheets, and the paper thin blankets.Service- Besides the man at the front desk, every one was very nice. The bell man, the waitresses and waiters, bartenders, etc. Location- good. There are many shops near by and places to eat. Excalibur has a nice buffet where you can eat all day for $29. We also really liked the italian restaurant &quot;Regale.&quot; There is also a chinese take out place, Coldstone, Starbucks, Auntie Anns, McDonalds and other options. I really liked Excalibur's eating options. Excalibur is about a 10$ cab ride from the airport. It is within walking distance to all the big hotels like Bellagio, Ceasers, Venetian, Mirage, Mandalay Bay, MGM, New York. Mirageand Venetian are about a mile away. There are several pools and they are all nice. You can rent a cabana to get out of the heat for $80. The cabanas have plasma tvs in them as well. The spa- wonderful. So relaxing and clean. There is a steam room, sauna, jacuzzi, showers, etc. I got my first massage and it was perfect. Ask for Tricia, she was awesome! Prices are reasonable.Tip: take the bus for $7 all day and see Old Las Vegas and all the wedding chapels and get on and off as much as you like. Go see Love by Cirque Du Soliel. It was amazing and plays at The Mirage.	
Oct 6 2009 	Excalibur is excellent value and has a great location	Out of the hotels on the strip it's obviously not the most glamorous, but definitely worth the money. Room was very nice and clean, and I loved the poolside area. I have no complaints about this hotel.	
Oct 6 2009 	Best Value Clean Rooms Great Staff.	I'm always very hesitant when a great price is offered. We were offered rooms at the Sahara @ $16 per night, but staying at the Excalibur was the best thing we ever did. The room was clean and offered a good view of the southern strip. We stayed on the 11th floor of Tower II. I think the only disappointment was the distance you had to walk to get to the casino from your car.This wasn't my first trip to Vegas, but it was for my two friends and we wanted to take full advantage of the weeks stay. The casino offered free games of chance ($5x2) and two free drinks ($5x2) every day we stayed at the hotel. This was to offset a $5.60 fee we were billed daily in addition to our $38 plus tax nightly room charges. The weeks stay was only $187.38, we received 2 free nights because we stayed the entire week. Considering that many of the other casinos were charging close to or over $100 per night, I think we made a great decision. The casino was packed daily, but got worse on Thursday, Friday and Saturday. There were plenty of comps being thrown around, but not for a group of guys, only for couples. So show/dinner/casino discounts were not offered to us in the casino. The TIX discount show booth is only 1/2 block from the Excalibur, so we didn't miss out getting discounts on shows we wanted to see. There is a 2 for 1 discount for those who stay at the Excalibur to the &quot;Tournament of Kings&quot; dinner show, so don't book this at checking if you are staying a few days. They don't offer the discount until you have stayed a few nights, but go down to the desk everyday! They will offer you comps you didn't receive at check in.The all you can eat &quot;All Day&quot; buffet is a great option for $25, but we didn't take them up on it since we were not willing to come back to the casino for lunch and dinner. They place a daily guide in your room of events that occur in the casino all week, plus there are other specials slipped under the door every morning. I will stay again, especially since we were only in our room to freshen up or sleep. By the end of the week we heard people being offered $189 per night @ the Luxor, but looking at the rooms, we were very happy with our decision to stay at the Excalibur for less than a nights stay at a neighboring casino.	
Oct 5 2009 	Would NEVER stay here again!!!!	The staff was rude and the hotel room was very old and outdated. We were on the bottom floor and had cockroaches(among other bugs) in our room. The excalibur used to be a family-friendly place and now its become very raunchy to say the least. Our room was very dingy and we had to have maintenance come just minutes after we got married because the sink had plugged up and the air conditioner quit working in 106 degree temperatures. The buffet was WAY overpriced and very bland-almost tasteless. The other resturants in the excalibur were horrible.....Dicks last resort is a place where they specialize in being rude to customers and they were just that, they were vulgar, discusting and the food was awful. Pizza hut served us beers that someone didnt finish. they just put the cap back on and charged us 6.00 . This place is a joke!!! Take your money and spend it at a nicer hotel. Also there a lots of people in the lobby trying to get you to go see there timeshare speeches....we counted, in a 7 day stretch that we were there we were confronted over 100 times by them----they wont take NO for an answer. The pool closed at 6pm everyday and they had a little stand by tower 1 that sold coffee, It cost $4.00 for a 12 ounce cup........What a rip off. We contacted management several times and we kept getting the run around and to this day , nothting ever got resolved. Oh and by the way when you check in to your hotel, there are lots of hidden fees, like a 5.00 resort fee per day. Stay away from this hotel its discusting and raunchy. We held our wedding up in the chapel, we had several family members fly to vegas and stayed at the excalibur and none of them would EVER stay there again.....shame on you Excalibur for ripping so many people off.	
Oct 5 2009 	Perfect stay	Location is perfect for Las Vegas... at a great price!! Would go back at any time!!We were booked for normal rooms, but when we got there, we didn't like the rooms on the first floor looking at the garage, so they upgraded the 6 rooms we had for free!! Amazing service!	
Oct 4 2009 	Great value and location	This might not be one of the classiest on the strip but we got an excellent rate $47 a night and it was well worth the money. Had one of the refurbished widescreen view rooms too which was adequate, Only downside was the safe was locked and even though we reported it straight away nobody came and unlocked it for us the whole time we were there. We figured they would rather we had all our money on us so it was easier for us to get our hands on it to spend it in the casino! No fridge, or coffee in your room which was a bit annoying but there again they want you to spend the money downstairs. IThis hotel has a great location and as we werent spending a whole lot of time in the room and for the price we paid we were more than happy there. Parking was plentiful and free too which was good. The facilities in the hotel and the pool were more than adequate tooBeware the time share people though, they bug you and if you dont buy with them watch out!!	
Oct 4 2009 	Showing signs of wear 	Whilst the Excalibur is obviously a more budget friendly option than other hotels &amp; casinos on the strip, it really does feel it. The decor - in an appallingly cheesy Medieval theme - is beginning to fray around the edges and the staff are a little brusque. Despite being in need or a refurb, our room was clean and spacious though.We didn't eat in the hotel so cannot comment on the restaurants or pool, but it was easy and convenient to walk to other places on the strip.	
Oct 3 2009 	The Excaliber has Become a Larger Motel 6	My wife and I checked into the Excaliber and the desk person immediately showed us the &quot;upgrade list&quot;. Why should you have to upgrade when you already have a reservation? We were given keys to a room on the fifith floor overlooking the pool. A fairly clean room that was well worn and used. Not the cleanest but not the dirtiest! The bedspread was torn, the sheets were threadbare, and they also had a hole in them and the bathroom towels were worn and smelled like they were burnt. The hallways were never cleaned in the three days that we stayed there. People bring drinks up from the casino and them put them in front of their room doors where the same four glasses remained throughout our stay. I called housekeeping and alerted them to no avail. The buffet was running a special $25.00 dollars for food all day that they were open, what a deal. OK food but nothing to rave about, if you are a big eater or traveliong with a family what a bargain, three squares and all of the snacks you could want. Bring baggies like everyone else did, Overall a good place for families on a budget, great location, good shows lots of noise and lots of kids running!	
Oct 2 2009 	Good value- just dont be too picky	I stayed here on my first trip to Las Vegas. A friend of mine and I booked last minute through Orbitz.com. We paid $34 a night which is great compared to other hotels on the strip. Our window faced the Luxor. I think that the upgrade to a Strip facing room is $15. The room was ok. The beds were on the hard side, but the room was clean. Obviously the rooms are dated, as it is an older hotel. The hotel stunk of smoke (which is expected) but it was a lot harsher then the newer hotels. Years of smoke and cheap perfume permeated the walls and carpet. For all the gamblers out there, this is the hotel where I won the majority of my money! One great thing about this hotel is the staff. I hurt my foot and needed a wheelchair, the security woman brought me one instantly, and wheeled me right to my bed. I was amazed at that. Very good service. This hotel is on the end of the strip so there is a big walk to all of the fun hotels. I dont think I would stay here again, just because I would rather be at the more exciting, other end of the strip.	
Oct 2 2009 	carnival atmosphere	We have stayed at EXCALIBUR a number of times over the years, but the latest trip may well be the last.............................We arrived on a Sunday night, usually a quiet time to arrive, but the check in queue was rediculous. Some 40 minutes later, we got to the desk and told the room we booked was not ready and to check our bags. An hour later we went to the desk and got our room. We paid a fair price and got the old rooms with the terrible bedding. Dirty towel on the floor, candy wrappers and a total of 18 cents in change. NOT vacuumed then.........The main problem was the kids. It's a casino !!!!!!!!! Smoking, swearing, drinking, dancing girls, etc, NOT an environment for them. They were everywhere !! anytime, anywhere, strollers, screaming, winging, elevators, eating, falling over. C'mon EXCALIBUR, observe the plaques everywhere warning of the &quot;21 ONLY&quot; law and make your casino kid free and bring back the old customers.	
Sep 30 2009 	better than expected	We had a fine stay Sept 12-16. Fortunately we were upgraded to the Tower II rooms ( as per comments from friends and other reviwers Tower I rooms are like dungeons)and over-looking the Tropicana Ave side..7th floor with a great view. the room was very nicely appointed ...clean and spacious. And at $ 33.00 per nite ($ 61.00 for Sat) plus resort fee and taxes a truly unbeatable rate for we got and the location.Only complaint perhaps is that walking through from room to entrance is very noisy...---Dick's and the Party Pit.....and the &quot; Hi...Guys&quot; from the timeshare hustlers is bothersome ...particularly being hassled before even checking-in...	
Sep 30 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Pity about some of the Staff!!!!	My wife and I stayed here in September, and had a great time. It was my third time in Vegas and in this hotel. My last time in Vegas was 1999 and I couldn't believe how much the city had changed!The hotel is in a perfect location on the strip, and great value for money. Great pool and gym/sauna facilites. Good restaurants, (must try the all day buffet for $25!!) Good food court, and outlets.We stayed in one of there widescreen rooms, which was clean and tidy, with a huge bed and massive over the top sized TV!!! Perfect location on the strip, touching diostance from New York New York and Luxor/Mandalay Bay. Only problem we had with the hotel was been bothered by sales staff trying to sell us timeshare at the new hotel!!! Everytime you walked through the hotel, and before we even checked in, trying to ship us off to a new hotel site for a day, for a discount on show tickets!?!? No Thank you!On a similar note about staff, desk staff/Porters were not the most friendliest or helpful, with our few queries during the week. 3 different staff members telling us something different each time we asked about the shuttle buses!?!? But this is a all round great hotel, for your stay in Vegas	
Sep 29 2009 	Excalibur is FUN! :)	The Excalibur hotel was a great part of our stay in Vegas! Very worth the money we paid, the pool and gym were beautiful and the Drenched bar staff were all really nice on the 3 40+ days we were in town. The hotel is among the older ones on the strip but they're working to renovate the rooms and keep up to date, a hard task for any 3000 room hotel! We had a very spacious room with newly appointed features, the bathroom was HUGE! The room was very quiet as well didn't hear anything all night (maybe becuase we were in bed at 4am every day)Front desk staff were all really nice, and quick to check us in and explain our stay perks to us. Housekeeping was really nice too, smiling and chatting with us in the halls. Dicks looked like a really fun restaurant but unfortunately we never had the chance to eat there, stuff to do on the next trip! :D	
Sep 29 2009 	Very good! exellent location	I travel to vegas last week with my family...the hotel was good price, the best location on the strip, good service and i had no complain for anything.....you have everything there...!	
Sep 28 2009 	Great stay at Excalibur!	We stayed at Excalibur for three nights whilst on holiday this September. This was our first time in Vegas and we stayed here and at the Bellagio for the last two nights in Vegas. We really liked both hotels, the Bellagio was obviously much more luxurious but we thought the Excalibur was great for the price and were really pleased we stayed there.We stayed in a widescreen tower view room which was one of the newer rooms in the hotel. Our room was HUGE, really clean, nice bathroom, big plasma TV and great views of new york new york hotel and MGM grand part of the strip. For the price this is a great hotel in terms of quality and location. The casino was also really good and we really liked the Italian restaurant in the hotel. You also get two free drinks vouchers on checking in.Pools were good too although the main one was closed for duration of our stay and none of the staff seemed to know why. A bit annoying when we paid $5 day resort fee! The other two pools were good though.We did a free poker lesson in the casino one moring which was really good and the 1c slots at Excalibur were the best we played on in terms of fun and frequency of wins!! The casino seemed a bit more smokey than other hotels maybe because of the low ceilings - As non smokers this was a bit of a pain. Drink severs came round frequently and were more than happy with a one dollar tip per free drink.Overall I would definatley recommend the Excalibur and would stay there again in future. It seems a lot of the negative reviews on here are from people who stayed in the older rooms so maybe its best to book the newer widescreen tower rooms like ours when staying here if you can.As with most of the hotels you have to put up with the staff trying to get you to go on timeshare tours. We actually went on one of these tours to get free theatre tickets. This might not be for everyone but we were pleased we gave up 3 hours one morning to get 2 full price Cirque du sol theatre tickets for free! Also got breakfast whilst there too! As long as you dont give in to the sales talk and just say no its fine and relativley painless!Great hotel for the money!	
Sep 26 2009 	Excalibur is the definition of "Vegas"	Spent 5 nights at the Exalibur, our first time in Vegas. We were NOT disappointed!. This hotel is exactly what we expected! It's not flashy and modern, it's original outlandish Vegas. The room in Tower 2 was nice. We paid $68/night for 4 people! It is right inbetween Luxor and NewYork NewYork,. In reality, you don't spend any time in your hotel room, too much to do!. We found that the food court in The Excalibur suited us the best (Mc' D's, Pizza Hut, Quizno's, Dunkin Doughnuts. etc). It is located in a great spot. MGM is right across the street. We found the dancing girls in the casino to be exactly what was expected for Vegas. Only spent about 30 minutes in the pool, things to do, places to see! Valet and bellmen very helpful. I'd stay there again or might try NY NY next time. No problems with the room, view of the pool, not noisy, nice bathroom. If you want a true Vegas experience, try the Excalibur and save lots of money since you will spend very little time there anyway.	
Sep 25 2009	Great Value 	I stayed at the Excalibur with my mother for 4 nights. The room was ok nothing spectacular...but we dident plan on staying in the room too much. The room was very clean, and we were stocked up daily with fresh towels. The staff were very helpful and friendly. The Pool's were GREAT. We spent a couple hours a day in the pool &amp; hot tub! We would recommend this hotel to others if your looking to get the best value for your money!	
Sep 25 2009 	good value - happy with our stay	We only had a one night stay at Excalibur but we were very happy with the experience. We were in Vegas for 4 nights and spent the first 3 nights in the MGM which we really enjoyed. We got a fabulous deal at the MGM for Monday to Wednesday but found the price trebled for the Thursday night so we thought we would try the Excalibur which was a fraction of the price. We stayed in a standard room at the Excalibur which was clean, comfortable and spacious although alittle dated. We loved the atmosphere of the hotel and found staff to be very helpful and friendly. Wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Sep 25 2009 	This Hotel is good value!!	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights with my husband and i must admit i was worried after reading other reviews. Check in was easy we stayed in tower 1, room was fine 2 queen beds, everything clean and tidy, view was rubbish but we didn't go to vegas to spend time in our room!! Didn't eat alot at the hotel but what we had was good, staff were friendly and polite. Location is great easy access to all sights and other hotels. Entertainment was good local band who dished out some good ole soul music and more which we really enjoyed. Bar abit pricey but not unusal for hotels. Personally I don't think vegas is child friendly so wouldn't bring my kids but please give this hotel a go its good value for money.	
Sep 23 2009 	Good casino poor room	I had fun in casino but my room was another matter. Upon check in, the room w/ king bed that I booked thru Expedia wasn't available. I was given a room w/ two queens. I go to open the door of room and discover that the previous quest were still in room due to late check out. I guess I surprised them! Carried luggage back to reservation desk and received another room. This time I was given a room w/ king bed and a couch. I carried my luggage to new room. Also, during my stay, I found at least three insects of varying types (not anything small like ants, large beetles?) in my room. I will not be back.	
Sep 23 2009 	+Excalibur not handicapped friendly	Our shuttle bus dropped my handicapped husband, daughter and myself off at the back of the hotel. We had 6 bags of luggage. When we entered the hotel, there was no one to help us with the luggage. We dialed 7241 for help, but no one answered the phone. We were stranded and depressed until my daughter said out loud, isn't there anyone here who can help us?? A security guard heard her and came over to us. We told him that we need a wheelchair for my husband and a cart for all of our luggage. A manager appeared on the scene and he quickly dispatched a wheelchair for my husband and a luggage cart. Security Guard, John &quot;Shrek&quot; came to our rescue and took us to the registration desk where we had an electric scooter waiting for us that we had ordered. He took us to our room and ordered more towels for us and a bath mat for our shower so my husband wouldn't fall getting out. He was really our Guardian Angel and was so personable that we felt so much better with him looking out for our well-being. I want to praise John who is a wonderful asset to Excalibur. They should have more employees like him. He makes the hotel/casino look very good.We bought the &quot;all you can eat&quot; meal ticket, however, we only ate breakfast and dinner there. It was still a good deal.My daughter made arrangements for when we were leaving and everything was done as she requested and also at the time she requested. My suggestion is: Have a security guard near where the people enter the hotel from the shuttle bus. That was completely horrible and so depressing for us not knowing where to turn for help.B. Elick from Pennsylvania	
Sep 23 2009 	mistake to take kids	we read all the reviews about this hotel and where very apprehensive about staying there, however we asked and received a free upgrade with no problem and for the price can not fault the hotel. The 4 pools where great although they do appear to let anybody in as you do not need to show your room key. My kids are 9 and 7 and enjoyed the pool and eating at Denny's and that's all. We have been to Vegas before and felt there where a lot of things for the kids to do but it was to hot outside and to cold inside and they are not interested in looking inside all the Hotels or shopping. Are total spend exc the holiday was approx £1900 for 1 week and we bought very little. Two drinks costing 18 dollers. I would return as I love vegas but I would never take my kids again.	
Sep 23 2009 	EXCELLENT VALUE	Just returned after annual holiday in the USA, and had my 6th visit to LAS VEGAS, this time we stayed 7 nts in The Excalibur and as Vegas goes found it excellent value. We were in Tower 2 on the 24th floor and the room was very clean with a large bathroom with a big walkin shower, the room also had a large LCD tv on the wall and the daily cleaning service was excellent. The hotels casino is vast and the staff very friendly, check in took all off 3 mins. Bars and music are plentiful and the Buffet was excellent value @ $25 for all day if you wanted, there was also a good food court with Mc Donalds etc if you wanted to go for fast food. (Especially with kids) There was also a few restaurants for the more intimate diners. The hotel also has a nightclub and various shows of which we went to TOURNAMENT OF KINGS, which is a Jousting show where you have a meal and eat with your fingers and was good fun and lively. The hotel has joined access to New York New York and Luxor hotels and therfore you have the best off 3 hotels-4 if you count the MGM across the bridge. The only downside is that the wee shops ( CIGS- SWEETS CRISPS, etc) at the base off the lift entrance are very pricey, so its better to buy room snacks and sweets for kids in some off the shops outside. But all in allthat would be my only complaint	
Sep 23 2009 	Dont believe what you read!! It was great!	I and my husband and another couple went to Vegas and stayed at the Excalibur and it was great! It was our 5th anniversary and we had gotten married in Vegas. I had read some reviews on the Excalibur and I was a little worried. Let me tell you there is nothing to worry about. Just be sure to upgrade to the Widescreen view rooms. We were on the 26th floor. The view was unbelieveable!!! The service was great everywhere we went and the bellboy service was outstanding. We were there for a week and I would stay there again. I would recommend this hotel. I would also recommend you to go and see Red Rock Canyon, it was breath taking. Hoover Dam was a little disappointing. Clean rooms and great beds, great service, what else could you ask for? Maybe win a few JACKPOTS!!! GOOD LUCK!!! YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED!	
Sep 22 2009 	My stay at Excalibur Hotel	I stayed at the Excalibur for 6 nights 7 days and it is a decent hotel. No frills and somewhat clean. I ate at the dinner buffett and did not find the food all that good, the prime rib over cooked and dry. I ordered steak and eggs through room service and I ordered around 3am and got a 9:30am slot which was perfect and the food was great. Steak was just the way I wanted it and it was good. I stayed in a widescreen room and it was showing some wear with the table lamp shade had a crack in it and the other shade had some black marks on it and their were other small issues. The one thing I did not like or appreciate was that making the bed correctly is apparently optional. Apparently the maids just pick up whatever is the next set of sheets and if they don't fit they stil make the bed. This happend just about every night I was their. I couldn't be the only person running into this issue. I also had meetings at Mandalay for 3 mornings and the tram was not running in the morning, so I had to hoof it over and almost missed the start of my first meetings for this issue. We surmised that maybe they wanted us to hoof to hopefully spend money or gamble, but what a drag to have to walk then be pretty hot for your first meeting. I certanily could not beat the view of NY NY and MGM for the price. All and all it was liveable for the price. The Excalibur champagne was good not to dry for $9.99 a bottle.	
Sep 22 2009 	Nice casino poor rooms	First off, you get what you pay for and that is definitely the case at Excalibur. We checked in on a Friday and moved in and out of two rooms before finally getting a decent room on the third try. The first room (on the 13th floor of all things) had something that looked like red kool-aid all over the wall, curtains ceiling and floor. The curtains had to be completely removed and the floor shampooed. All of this not to mention that a lamp shade was completely missing from one of the lamps. Not sure how the staff missed all of this when they declared the room ready.Off to room number 2. We were put in a handicap room with a vanity that was approximately 18 inches across. There were other alterations that would be helpful for people that needed it but an inconvenience for someone who didn't. So, off to room number three. That room, thankfully, was clean, mostly. The shade over the window didn't work- we had to tie it up with some string to get a view of the pool. The lamp fixture was broken but otherwise, was okay. One thing about the widescreen rooms-- they are widescreen TV's but there's no HD signal. In fact, there were only about 15 channels on TV to watch. But hey, who goes to Vegas to watch TV?The casino was nice and we liked the food court. It was nice to eat at McDonalds or hit the Starbucks and Krispy Kreme on occasion. I thought the fitness center was clean and outstanding as was the pool. Other than the rooms, the Excalibur is not terrible. The staff was helpful and friendly. However, we will not stay here when we return to Vegas.	
Sep 22 2009 	Cheap Clean Fun	Some Girlfriends and I decided to take our first trip to Vegas and booked the Excalibur through southwestvacations.com after reading I don't know how many different reviews. This hotel ended up being perfect for what we were looking for. When we arrived it was only 12p in the afternoon and check-in wasnt for a few hours...but they allowed to check into our room anyway with no additional charge. We stayed in tower 1 like tower 2 a good distance away from the check-in desk but it really didnt matter to us. When we got up to our room everything was clean including the bathroom. They had a good amount of towels for everyone as well as extra toilet paper. Also what i really liked was since there were 5 of us we were given rooms right next to each other and we could access each others room because there was a door within the room. I am picky when it comes to the beds...but my bed was clean and soft...my only complaint was that the pillows weren't the best. Also just to set the record straight, there are no refridgerators or microwaves....so we ended up buying a styrofoam coolers to keep water, juice, and LIQ cool. Also, there is a tram that will take you from the excalibur into the Luxor and Mandalay bay hotels, which can be accessed within the hotel. If you prefer to walk, just go up to the second floor of the main tower, where the casino is and you can walk right through the hotels. The buffet in excalibur is the greatest, ended up getting the $30 bracelet to eat as many times as we wanted for the day...and they didnt change the lunch..so we ended up eating the same thing for dinner as well. I would recommend the Mandalay buffet which was about the same price, but had a better selection and the food was amazing. If you dont want to buffet there are also restaurants like McDonalds, starbucks, crispy cream, and some others, but for the most part going out to the strip was what we did for the remainder of our trip.Although the strip looks walkable...its not not. Since taxi's weren't the cheapest..we decided to get a 3 day bus pass which was $15(and it was well worth it). The isn't a long wait for buses and it travels right down Las Vegas BLVD, which was perfect, but beware the buses stay at every stop for at least 10 min or more. Even the the buses were cheap....when we went out to the clubs we did end up taking taxi's...and just so everyone knows, there is a line outside every hotel which is extremely only and since we were parties of five we had to wait for the vans.	
Sep 21 2009 	Excalibur - Great Price Great Service	My friend and I spent five nights and six days (Sept 13-18th/09) at The Excalibur. I had read alot of reviews before arriving, some good, some bad. We had a great stay. Our room was on the 24th floor in tower one. Yes, it is an older hotel, but it was clean, our room attendant was awesome and went out of his way to make our stay comfortable. Being also, that when in Vegas, not much time is spent in the room. It was extremely hot during the week and the air conditioner worked perfectly. Our view was ok enough to get some good pictures from the room. Check in was unbelievably fast, and the line up was loooong! Pleasant staff as well. I have nothing negative to say about the hotel other than the elevators could use a bit of better air flow, but a very quick ride I must say, the elevators are also split into sections of the hotel so ours was from the 18th to (I think it was) 27th floors. The service in the casino was great, have to remember how many people are all thirsty all at the same time, if you are THAT thirsty there are other options for beverages and convenient. We went to Thunder from Down Under, now this girls will be up to you, but I would have preferred to spend my money on something else! The men were handsome yes and can dance, and 99% of the time fully clothed. We were lucky to see some &quot;butt cheek&quot; and there was no frontal nudity. There was alot of talk from the host and alot of advertising. Another thing is that the hostess does not check ticket stubs matched with the seats. We had a lady be quite rude and told us to move not realizing there were numbered seats, only to see that lady get the boot from those seats. The highlight was that my friend got pulled up on stage, never saw her smile that big!!! Jello shots helped ease the feeling of wasting my money. We also went to see The Tournament of kings...totally worth it!!! Great show, well done and beautiful costumes. Check out was a breeze as well. Location is good, connecting to New York New York and The MGM. I could write a review about all of Vegas that we saw but the review is for the hotel (and it would be pages long!!!!), my advise is to take a cab everywhere!!!!! They are cheap and plenty and believe me you will regret taking the bus!!!!! The trams and high speed LRT are also good options. DON&quot;T TAKE THE BUS!!! Even the &quot;Deuce&quot;, uh uh! Comfortable shoes are a must and in a pinch you can get some good cheap flip flops at Walgreens....learned that one the hard way! All in all The Excalibur was a great place to stay with good shops and munchie choices. Didn't do the buffet, too much food in a day for me. Was too hot, YES TOO HOT to go to the pool, so no review for that. Easy to fill your days. There were two of us in one room and we only got charged for one person for the $5.00 a day charge. Good times, good times. Fancy no, rasonable yes, and great service. Bed was a little tired but hey, no biggie.	
Sep 21 2009 	overall great hotel if youre looking for a clean comfortable room at a good price	we originally booked a room at circus circus and switched to excalibur after reading terrible reviews on circus circus. i read mixed reviews on excalibur so i was a little nervous but i went ahead and booked my week stay there anyways. i was pleasantly surprised with everything about the hotel. there was a huge check in line when we got there and we were like oh great...but they had almost every window open and the line moved very fast. the man we had at the counter was so nice and gave us a room on the 11th floor with a view of the strip. we had just gotten a regualr room, not one of the widescreen rooms and we were very happy with it! it was definitly basic but it was clean, the bed was sooo comfortable and the bathroom had alot of space, so it was perfect for what we needed it for. there was one bartender, i think his name was vincent who was our favorite he was very nice and helpfull! really i couldnt say there was one person at the excalibur that wasnt willing to help us find our way around or give us tips on the best things to do. the staff was awesome! also the location on the strip was great for us, i feel like the north side of the strip (where circus circus is) was a little trashy and we saw a bunch of hookers and one guy came right up to us and treid to sell us drugs! where the excalibur is its right by our favorite hotel, luxor, and its away from all the commotion in the center of the strip. we just hopped on the tram if we want to go to the center or north end of the strip. i loved the excalibur and ill definitly stay there again if we make it back to vegas! oh and great pool!	
Sep 20 2009 	Good value hotel with lots to do in and around it.	Nice casino, decent restaurant, some good bars and really excellent caring staff, I was in one of the newly renovated rooms with a 42 inch HDTV. Beds were extremely comfortable. This place is not even close to the nicest hotel nor is it the one with the most amenities...but it's clean, has great service and offers very good value.	
Sep 19 2009 	Nice hotel when you don't want to go all-in	I stayed at this hotel when I went to Vegas for the first time. We were 10 mates for a casual weekend without wanting to go all-in. Both the rooms and casino were good value for the money. Unlike Caesar's Palace where it often costs a minimum of $25 per hand of Black Jack you can find some nice table games here to a fair price when in the mood for a bit of casual gambling.	
Sep 18 2009 	Make your own mind up - For the location and price it can't be beaten	Having read many reviews left by previous guests, I arrived at the Excalibur Hotel for my 13 night stay in August full of dread and fear. I had initially chosen this hotel because of the great location and cost (some of my nightly rates were as low as $22 a night), and had decided that all I needed was a base for my stay, after all I had gone to Vegas to experience the fantastic atmosphere not to take root in a hotel room.Over the past 5 years my husband and I have visited Las Vegas 3 times,staying at the Imperial Palace, Flamingo and Luxor and have found the accomodation to be pleasant and more than adequate for our needs.When we checked in to the Excalibur after 14 hours of travelling, the member of staff was very pleasant, and upgraded with out asking us to a widescreen tower room which had recently been refurbished, and gave us some vouchers for 2 free drinks, 2 free spa passes and 2 free games on the fantasy midway.The room was very clean and tastefully decorated, and was more than adequate for our needs. As we explored the hotel we were very impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel, and the helpfulness of the staff who we encountered. The pool was fantastic, and there was always sunbeds available for guests, even over the labour day weekend which saw a massive increase in the number of guests staying at the hotel. The only drawback was that it was a real suntrap, and the pool had very little shade (unless you hired a cabana for $60 - $100 per day) but the shallow pool and hot tub helped to cool you down.The only negative thing about the hotel was the constant badgering by sales staff to get you to attend a presentation for the new city centre resort - they were placed in all key areas in the hotel, and even though they were not persistant, we found ourselves finding alternative routes through the casino to avoid them.Overall I was really suprised at the quality of the accomodation and would definately stay here again. The rates are cheap, there are plenty of options for food, drink and shopping, and is in a prime location for accessing many of the large hotels. The other advantage of staying at the Excalibur is that it is one of the first stops on the deuce route and so normally has loads of room before hitting the really busy bus stops.	
Sep 17 2009 	hard hotel to rate	Everyting in this hotel is either really good or really poor no middle groundStayed for 2 weeks from 29 augCheck in was a night mare flew with thomas cook (who are a joke very strict on luggage weight charged nearly £100) who get you to your hotel at mid day but you cant check in until 3.00 p.m. . unless you pay for a room upgrade so its a bit of a con because the last thing u want to do is wait in recepion for 3 hrs after a 10 hour flight, youl pay anthing to get a roomSo we upgraded to tower 2 room was very nice memory foam bed pillows good air con, but no bath? for a view of the strip ask for tower 2 high floor with an odd low numbered room.Casino is ok but like every one says the vultures that try sellin time share are so annoying and in 2 weeks they drive u up the wall.For brits the tipping does get quite annoying as were not used to it ,as u baically have to tip for everything from buying a bottle of water in the shop to restaurants writing on your bill how much you should tip very annoying.we payed 29 dollars for mon - thur so very good value and the resort is generally only about half full. weekend rate was over 100 dollars per night so not worth that and everything was so busy.This hotel also basically loves americans and hates brits. e.g. americans can smoke and drink alcohol in the pool if our a brit for get it no chance you'l be told to get out , they also love closing the pools, in 14 days the pools where closed 6 times, which was radiculous.This prob makes the hotel sound awful but it really wasnt what I would say is if your paying 29 doallrs a night its great but when your paying 100 dollars you will fell short changed, pay the exta and stay some where else would be my recommenadtion	
Sep 16 2009 	Very good Value For Money. Remodeled Rooms.	We stayed there 2 nights 6th and 7th august, with our two teen kids. We asked for the new remodeled rooms and got it. It was ok, clean, quite spacious and comfortable. Cable internet in the rooms works perfectly (at 14,50 $ a day, it must!). The environment is family friendly; got no problems with kids. The pools were very crowded but good enough for refreshing and relaxing. If you are looking for the upmost luxury, frills and glamorous casino, this is NOT your hotel, but if your need is to have a good standard in a nice place for your family, a good location on the Strip with a good price, this hotel can fit you. I'd recommend.	
Sep 14 2009 	"Excalibur Never Again Never Again"	Never again will I book a room at the Excalibur. Thanks to Excalibur employees; Annie, Jeff and Loretta. I will never again set foot in the Excalibur. I was lied to and scammed out of a free one day buffet coupon and ten bucks. When I checked in, Excalibur employees refused to honor a promotional offer for a free one day all you can eat buffet which was sent to me via email. I brought my concerns to the attention of 2 supervisors.I was lied to and scammed by these supervisors at the front desk. They assured me that they would correct the problem. Wrong. All I got from them was an apologize.The problem was never corrected. I never received my one free all day buffet coupon ordid I get a discounted room rate that was promised to me by Loretta (on the front desk).Loretta, Annie and Jeff at the front desk are the reason why I will never again set foot in the Excalibur. I got ripped off at the front desk and not the casino floor. How can that happen? Loretta, Annie and Jeff get your hands out of my pocket. Enter the Excalibur at your own risk.Bigbus6903@verizon.net	
Sep 14 2009 	good value for the money	Checked in on 9-9-9, checked out 9-11-9; received room on 13th floor, tower 2, room 13... you'd think it was some sort of omen! Check in was smooth. Upgraded to the widescreen room. Totally worth it. Had a wonderful view of NYNY and MGM, along with the rest of the strip in the distance. Traveled from the airport and back via city bus, using our 24 hour passes we purchased for $7pp knowing we'd be using them alot for the Deuce the next day. It was very very easy! Spent the first night gambling at the Excalibur casino. Cocktail service was once about every 20 minutes.. not bad. Didn't win but was able to gamble on their penny keno machines for about 4 hours on only $20. Woke up the next day ready to hit up their all you can eat buffet for $25. I'll tell you right now.. the reviews are true! It sucks!!! DON'T DO IT!!! Go next door to the Luxor and do their all you can eat buffet for the few extra dollars; or even at the MGM which I believe just started theirs. ANYTHING has got to be better than the Excalibur buffet. I read reviews of it before going and I took it all with a grain of salt, as we wanted to do a cheap Vegas trip and not worry about the cost of spending money on food for one day while there. Yeah.. won't be doing that again. Anyway.. about the room.. no amenities in the room. There was a hair dryer, a magnifying mirror in the bathroom, fabulous towels, COLD a/c, and comfy mattress and bedding. Elevators were quick, even on the day of check out at 1059am (check out is at 11am, by the way). Walking to the neighbor hotels were no problem at all. There's an indoor walkway to the Luxor, which links (indoor!) to Mandalay Bay. Going to NYNY, MGM, and Tropicana you do need to walk outdoors. There is no street crossing to these hotels as they have bridge walkways that take you over the streets. Elevators and escalators (when working) are provided for ease as no one wants to walk outside when it's 100+ degrees outside. It was a great budget trip overall. I will stay there again, but will not eat there. There's too many other food places to try out in Vegas to settle for blah! Oh.. one other note.. there's these people between the entrance and the check-in desk, and again located near the walkway to the hotel rooms that ask you if you want free show tickets. They're trying to get you to pre-book your next Vegas trip. Just an FYI. They got VERY annoying after the 2nd time trying to make a sale to us. They need to G-E-T!!!!!	
Sep 13 2009 	Never Again	I was not at all pleased with my room's condition and the lack of customer service the front desk clerk showed me regarding my concerns of the mold growing in the bathroom of my room.She showed no remorse and acted as if I was inconveniencing her ! I asked what can be done to rectify this matter,her response..If they up-graded me, I would be charged extra money ( like this inconvenience was my fault) or be moved to another room just like the one I had. I was not going to come out of my pocket anymore than I already had so I just went along with the lateral move. FIRST IMPRESSIONS ARE LASTING ONES...	
Sep 12 2009 	If the rate stays low I will show up....	Here's a rundown:Pros:- Location!- Price - Sandwiches by pool (at Drenched) were pricey but good- Slide at the pool was a good addition and it wasn't too hard to find chairs- Rooms are pretty spacious - Bathrooms are very large with a lot of counter spaceCons:- Windows/Doors in casino area need to be cleaned.- Room not cleaned so well before arrival so we never got service while we were there. - $5.60/day resort fee for things we did not use (i.e. fitness center, local calls, etc.)- The bed did not have a fitted sheet which caused the mattress to become exposed on numerous occasions.- The vultures who kept attacking you to see time shares, or &quot;free shows&quot;. EVERY hotel had at least 3 different people bother everyone that passed, particularly couples. It got VERY annoying.- I' m not sure if the people at the register were just the slowest people alive but there was always a line at the buffet. The food there is OK but they could stand to lower the price a bit.I would definitely stay again as long as they don't raise the price.	
Sep 12 2009 	Would never come back even if room was upgraded for FREE	Check-in staff (Jeff) was very unpleasant! After asking if there were at least 5 rooms on the same floor, (answered yes) he still split us up in different towers. Sister &amp; son were split up, had to go down and speak with another clerk. Finally, they got a room not just on the same floor but right a cross from each other! My room, on the other hand, had many problems. Hole in the blanket! There was this weird odor when first stepped in. The blinds on the window was broken. The bathroom... hair dryer was burned out, didn't work. Shower door handle broken. Sink had problems, water took forever to drain. After getting house-keeping regarding the odor, we saw a red stain in the centre of the room! What WAS THAT?!!!!!? called reception, they said i couldn't do anything until 12pm next day!I would never come back here even if it was cheap or was given a free upgrade.	
Sep 11 2009 	Remodel was done right.	This is my third stay at the Excalibur in recent years. I was invited back after their remodel because of a terrible stay previous (the springs were poking through the beds and the linens were thread bare.)This time, however, the rooms were nice. The beds were new and the linens as well. It had a flat screen T.V. and a decent view as most of the strip does. The casino is quite large and can be a bit confusing. There are kids and I personally go to Vegas in an adult mode. The restaurants are usually crowded and check in always gives a bit of a wait. But it is Vegas and lines are part of the bigger casinos.If you don't mind kids, a bit of an older place and what I consider large casino, this is for you.	
Sep 11 2009 	Budget friendly but not "family" oriented	Confusing check-in, had to walk to the casino floor to get to the towers where the rooms are located. My sons got an &quot;eyeful&quot;! Glad they are a bit older. The pool area was nice, unfortunately the pool with the slides was closed during our stay.	
Sep 10 2009 	Best Bang for your Buck	When I was reading the reviews I was a little taken back from all the bad reviews. Don't believe them, me and my Boyfriend stayed over the Labour Day weekend and had a blast! Yes the rooms are a bit outdated but they're suppose to be, it's a medevil themed hotel. They do have really nice upgraded rooms if you wish but for us we we're only in our room to sleep so it didn't matter much. The maids cleaned everyday and the size of the rooms are quite decent. Everyone at the Hotel is extremly friendly and are willing to answer any questions that you have. Yes the Time share people are quite annoying and are dressed in blue blazers which makes you believe that they're part of the Hotel Staff, but all you have to say is No or just walk right past them. The hotel is in a pretty decent location connected to the Luxor, New york New york and MGM Grand. The pool is really nice but don't be fooled by the water slide advertisment as it's more like a regular kiddy pool slide. As for entertainmant there's always something to do, the Tournament of Kings dinner show was awesome, we had a great time and you can find cheap tickets for this at the same day ticket booth right beside M&amp;M world on the strip. if you like Nightlife then Coyote Uglys and Studio 54 is right beside the hotel in New york, New york. For the Price this Hotel is Fantastic!!!	
Sep 10 2009 	good value place to stay	yes the trolleys do get left in the hall for ages but apart from that it was fine, nice big room, clean and comfy, air con a bit noisy but works. good location deuce bus pass all day pass to go up n down the strip saves long walks. loved it would go back	
Sep 9 2009 	Good value	I stayed at this resort a couple of days....must say that for the price it was a good deal.Excellent swimming pool, good rooms and quiet (but perhaps that had to do with the period of the year.I had to book one night more because of flight delays, which unfortunately cost me the as much as the 3 days before!! Don´t forget to ask for the free vouchers!	
Sep 9 2009 	Fairy Tale Land??	Let me just list a couple of things I love here:Outside look--You will really feel like being at a fairy tale land.Bedrooom--big and clean with a comfortable bed. The one we got was a king.TV--huge 42&quot; LCD. (BTW, you can do television check-out. That is fun!)Parking is free but internet access is NOT. $13.99 for one-day internet access, which is not cheap to me. The hotel has small rooms with 26&quot; TV, but the front desk lady was very nice and upgraded us to a better room for free, which would have otherwise cost us $20. The hotel is located right on strip, where you can go anywhere by the monorail ($13 for 24 hours) Anyway, this is a very good hotel and I will fully recommend it.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great value hotel	My husband and I went to Las Vegas to get married and spent a week at the Excalibur. The rooms were spacious and clean with great views of the strip (if you pay extra). We upgraded to a spa room, which was well worth the extra too. We only had 10 coat hangers between us, so asked for more and received them pretty quickly. The Excalibur has a good location although it's at the bottom of the strip, there is a frequent bus service which is cheap and reliable. The staff were very helpful.The only thing that was really bad, was upon arrival at the hotel, we were approached by a member of staff who asked if we were checking in. We said yes, but he took us to a 'promotions' desk for trips and shows. We had been travelling for over 12 hours and had 4 suitcases, this was the last thing we wanted!! We eventually checked in and had a great holiday.TIP - don't but drinks from the bars in the casino, buy them from the mini-market on level 2 and these can be drunk in the casino and on the strip.. P.S the alcoholic slush puppies are fantastic!!	
Sep 6 2009	Great stay once we got our room changed.	My mom and I stayed at the Excalibur for 6 nights in April. I got a fantastic package deal on Expedia that included Cirque tickets. When we first arrived we were assigned a handicap accessible room on the 6th floor. When we opened the door to the room it had a foul odor as if someone had just used the bathroom-a turnoff to say the least. The windows opened up to a wall because we didn't have a room with view (fair enough, we weren't paying for a view.) And unless you have a disability and require it, you don't want a room designed to be handicap accessible. There was virtually no counter space in the bathroom. Us ladies like our counter space. By the next morning, when we couldn't turn on the TV I was over it and went down and requested another room. Our second room was on the 27th floor and things were great from that point. It was so high up it had a view anyway. I thought the pool area and workout area were great. I do wish the Excalibur was more centrally located on the strip-makes the transportation quicker if you want to go downtown. The Cirque Show &quot;Ka&quot; at MGM was amazing. I had never seen a Cirque show, and was blown away. Overall a great stay.	
Aug 31 2009 	Excalibur ehh	Stayed at the Excalibur for a weekend in July (24-27) to celebrate my 25th birthday. Tried to upgrade and couldn't. The decor is very dated and lame. TV was missing the power button. We saw 1 too many roaches this was probably due to housekeeping letting trays sit out on the floor in the hallway for HOURS before taking them away!! The hotel was nothing special at all. The pool area was over crowded one day we couldn't find chairs at all. The connecting hotels (luxor and Mandalay bay) are much nicer + they have night clubs and shopping! Make sure you check LAX out (inside Luxor)! Next time I will be staying at luxor or Mandalay!	
Aug 31 2009 	Great stay but overbaring security	The only problem I had at the Hotel was with security. I have Rheumatoid Arthritis so I use my cane to get around and use jackets and scarfs against the air conditioning. I and my wife were headed out to the pool area to see what renovations were done as advertised. Well! Because I was using my jacket I had to undergo 10 minutes of interrogations by security so I could take a 30 second look at the pool area. Even after discussing my medical problems he still did not get it. Nice place to stay in general but not very accommodating to disabled people. I did not use the pool area while there. I did not feel welcome.	
Aug 29 2009 	We love the Excalibur!!!!!	We stayed at the Excalibur last August and got married in their Gorgeous Chapel. We returned to the Excalibur thisAugust again for our 1st wedding anniversary...We love the location, the slots seem looser then some of the more expensive casinos. It has easy access to many other casinos and you can literally walkout of the casino and start walking the strip with lots to do...Be sure to check your comps as we never paid for any food and we even went to the tournament of kings show at the hotel and it was awesome!Great service and a great hotel...I highly recommend this huge casino!	
Aug 27 2009 	Great times!	We went for UFC, which was being held at Mandalay Bay. Excalibur was quick on check-in, on the four corners with NYNY, MGM and Tropicana, so they are right on the strip and convenient. Dicks Last Resort is a pub style restaurant (a little raunchy) and the staff are SO much fun..we had one guy sing Harry Connick Jr to us because we asked what he had to do for an interview for his job and he sang exactly the same as Jr. The staff are great and the food was what you expect from any pub style restaurant - you can even leave a bra behind and hang it on the bar!! There is a &quot;fair&quot; downstairs for kids with arcades but its a little cheezy, although I dont recommend Circus Circus, they have far better rides etc.There is a food area up the escalator which is really convenient as well as a store to buy booze! Cheap, bring the booze to your room and dont waste your time waiting for waitresses at the slots...although the waitresses at this hotel were really nice and very quick.The pool was nice and they have a no kids zone which was nice and We were there to party and we did. You could hear people in the next room, but we were rarely there.Alot of people seemed to come from Luxor and Mandalay Bay to play at Excalibur and you could play for quite a while.We paid under five hundred for four nights, flight and hotel from Ottawa and it was worth every penny!	
Aug 27 2009 	Noisy dirty crowdy	This hotel is not expensive during summer (except week-ends), but you don’t get much more for your money. Never ending lines at check-in, crowd everywhere, and, most of all, the omni present casino noise. We booked the more expensive &quot;renovated rooms&quot; that did not look renovated at all. Cleanliness is perfectible. If you can spend more, go to the Bellagio!	
Aug 26 2009 	Try other hotels	We were stopped 3 times by the staff on arrival with lies of &quot;welcome pack, meal coupons, discount book&quot; between the entrance to the reception table to the tower lift. They were trying to sell us shows but the lies and hardsell was a complete turn off. We stayed at another hotel along the strip the week before and we were given welcome pack, various freebies, meal coupons at check in impromtu with no gimmick, lies no hardsell. Foyer was a bit funny, you need to go around the casino to get to the reception or to the tower and on more than one occassion we saw dads with their 9-10 yo sons watching exotic dance (the dance was in the foyer, open for everyone to see). We checked in at 10 PM and found the corridor to our room was littered with trays, plates, room service trolleys and plastic wrappers. They were still there the following night.We got a room which has been renovated with huge LCD TV and faced New York New York. Room was clean, spacious, and nicely furnished. Housekeeping was good. We like the room very much.We also liked Tournament of the Kings too but agreed without the 2 for 1 ticket it was not worth the price.We'll try different hotels the next time.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Value	Although my husband and I have been to Las Vegas a number of times, this was the first time we stayed at the Excalibur. We were both pleasantly surprised with the value, the service and the quality of the room. Our three night stay cost us just over $100. We were given a complimentary upgrade at check-in. Although we didn't get a view, we did get an upgraded room and a wide screen TV. When we checked into the room, one of the light bulbs was missing on the desk lamp. We called housekeeping and someone was up to replace the bulb within 10 minutes. The exercise room was very nice and included a large selection of cardio equipment, weight machines and a number of wide screen TVs. The use of the exercise room is included in the resort fee, however, if you want to use the showers, sauna, etc. there is an extra $5/day charge. The exercise room looked out onto the pool area. Can't comment on the pool because we never used it but it looked okay from our view point. Check out was a breeze as we used the kiosks where all you have to do is swipe your credit card and you're able to review your bill and print it out on the spot. Excalibur has the all you can eat buffet for $25 but we went to the Mandalay Bay ($35/person) and MGM ($30/person) buffets instead. For the extra $5 we would definitely recommend the Mandalay Bay Buffet. They had fresh blueberries, black berries, great dessert and main meal selection.Not having free wireless was a little disappointing for our teenagers but they were kept busy doing other things. Internet access is available in the room but at a charge of about $14/day. We would definitely stay at the Excalibur again on our next trip to Las Vegas.	
Aug 26 2009 	a good start	We started our trip here for the first two nights..we flew into vagas and met with friends who were staying at the mandalay bay.This hotel was roomy, comfortable and clean.I find it bizaare that the lobby is nowhere near that car park entrance or the lifts to the rooms.I heard mixed reports about this hotel, but was pleasantly surprised.We had a nice view of the pool too, even though we didn't get a chance to use it.	
Aug 26 2009 	awesome place:D	Not so expensive...on the Strip..close to everyhing..all-you-can-eat service:)..casino..bars	
Aug 25 2009 	Not bad at all...	Just got back today from spending 3 nights at the Excalibur in Las Vegas. Checked in around 3pm on a Saturday. Only spent about 10 minutes in line. Our room was on the 2nd floor of Tower 2. Wished we would have gotten a higher floor or better view but we didn't spend that much time in the room. We booked a widescreen room and it was a decent size. Clean, lights worked, etc. The dresser was a little worn but didn't care... plumbing was okay except the sink took a little long to drain.The casino is a good size and I loved that they had low minimum bet tables. Played roulette and came out even after 3 days which is nice. Dealers were fairly friendly as were the pit bosses. The pool was pretty good, went yesterday morning (Monday) around 11 am and had no problem getting a lounge chair. The music was Top 40 and wasn't too loud.The location is decent- next to NYNY and Luxor- across from MGM Grand. We took the Deuce bus ($7 for 24 hours) after the first night of walking. Didn't sample too much food except the $2.50 hot dog and beer was a steal (for Players Club members only). The only show we saw at Excalibur was the Tournament of Kings, which was entertaining but we wouldn't have paid to see it (not worth the $65ish it costs) if we didn't have a 2 for 1 coupon. We saw Penn &amp; Teller at the Rio which I strong recommend!There were kids around... but I saw them all over Vegas. Still boggles my mind, why would anyone bring a child to Vegas?! But on Sunday afternoon to this morning, only saw a few.Overall, the Excalibur is a good value for the price. I paid an average of $74 a night and I didn't have any major complaints at all. No noise in the room, decent housekeeping, and overall a nice casino. I would go back if I was going on a budget again... but I'd like to keep testing out other hotel/casinos.	
Aug 25 2009 	You get what you pay for people!	Seems people complain and compain about this hotel - what do you expect for $30-$50 rooms - royalty?We reserved a widescreen deluxe room and paid $46 for the night. It is not great - but it does the trick, and worth what you pay for it. If you are looking for an amazing hotel - stay somewhere else. But if you are looking for something cheap and clean -try one of the remodeled rooms.	
Aug 25 2009	Excalibur is horrible!!!	Filthy swimming pools; old, ugly rooms; elevators that get stuck; no coffee in room; poor customer service. The buffet was the only plus and it was pretty good.	
Aug 25 2009 	No Frills but with good location and great value!!!	I was surprised that you can book nights at Excalibur for less than Motel 6 (which is not even on the strip!). Excalibur has the best deals on the strip!!! Sure it is not the classiest hotel, but it beats Circus Circus.I booked a non-smoking room on the 6th floor with a king bed. We had a nice view of a cinder-block wall that was probably 10 stories high.The room was kept clean (turn down service every day) and the housekeeping were nice people. I do not have many complaints about my stay. I only wish that they would have had a DVD player connected to the TV.I would recommend this hotel to anyone trying to stay on the strip cheap!!! I was not planning on staying in my room long (most of my time was spent on the strip) so I did not care if it had a basic setup.	
Aug 24 2009 	There are plenty of places to stay on the strip. Say NO to the Excalibur	We read the reviews for the Excalibur, and for the most part it was a mixed bag. I just want you all to know, the Excalibur is not what it's cracked up to be. The room we stayed in was well used - really well used. It was reminiscent of 1977 (a good year - but also 32 years ago). Some of the furniture (plural) were broken. The beds were relics left over from the mid 70's - you could feel the springs in both of the beds. I'm pretty sure there was black mold in the bathroom - which can be a health concern (and is pretty amazing since Vegas is the driest place you can find). The hotel &amp; Casino is a smoking establishment (like all the hotels on the strip), but because of its age, it has a &quot;special funk&quot; about it. The positives were that it was closely located to the MGM, the Luxor, and New York New York. It had a pretty decent arcade for kids. There's a family friendly show with knights, horses, jousting, while eating with your fingers. There's a food fair on the 2nd level that has a McDonald's, Quiznos, and a few other places. There are 3 or 4 pools (some with water slides), and a bunch of deck reclining chairs - perfect to soak up the Vegas sun.Overall, though, I'd say you could do better. We stayed at New York New York, for a couple of nights, before the Excalibur. It was a considerably better hotel.	
Aug 24 2009 	Cheap -- and it shows	Stayed here for less than 24 hours and that was plenty. There was a food trolley and stray plates with leftover room service food outside our door when we checked in about 5 p.m. It was still there the next day when we checked out at 11. The bedspread on one of the beds was ripped. The elevators were horribly slow. Since we were on the fourth floor, we decided to walk down -- but the entrance to the first floor is emergency exit only, so there is no option besides the slow elevators -- I'm not exaggerating when I say we waited more than five minutes sometimes for them. This place is advertised as one of the more family friendly places on the Strip, but there were exotic dancers on a stage in the lobby -- impossible to get from our room to the outside without passing within a few feet of them. We paid $50 for the four of us, and it was just barely worth it.	
Aug 24 2009 	Decent For A Night's Rest	Excalibur probably seen better days. Definitely not the most luxurious place to stay on the strip but if your idea of a good time in Vegas consist of hopping to several casinos in the day time and several clubs in the night time without actually spending all that much time in your hotel room, then this would be a good value for you. However it is pretty far from all the happening places. We did just about everything outside of the hotel. For a little extra moola, you can get a decent place right smack in the middle of the strip with much more exciting clubs and restaurants.There wasn't anything outstanding about the place but the staff was friendly and the rooms were clean. That's all we needed. The place was booked by a friend so I probably never would have consider it otherwise.I probably would not go back but I would recommend it as an alternative for budget accommodation.	
Aug 24 2009 	Dark casino and hotel that is in need of an upgrade.	We just returned from a weekend in Las Vegas, staying at the Excalibur. We took the shuttle from the airport and were dropped off in the back of the hotel. We had to drag our luggage through the casino trying to find the registration desk. The clerk at the registration desk was friendly and helpful. We were given a room in Tower 1 on the sixth floor. The hallways were dark and smelled funny; several light bulbs were out and needed replacing.Our room probably has not been updated since the Excalibur was built. Wall paper was peeling off of the wall in our room and the bathroom shower had mold in the caulk. Our view was a beautiful block wall probably ten stories high.The casino is very dark and in desperate need of an upgrade. We did not appreciate the women dancing in their underwear in the &quot;Party Pit' of the casino. Isn't the Excalibur more family oriented? We ate breakfast and lunch at Sherwood Cafe. Food was excellent and staff friendly/efficient.There are several far better hotels in Las Vegas for people on a budget. Look elsewhere.	
Aug 23 2009 	Family Friendly Hotel - NOT!	We've stayed at Excalibur several years ago and the place has really gone down hill. Some of the problems:- A food cart sat a in the hall a room down from us for our entire 4 day stay, getting more and more ripe as each day progressed. On the last day, someone covered the plates on top with a napkin. I simply shouldn't have to call food service to request their cart be removed from the hall. Housekeeping had to walk past it every day to clean the rooms. Definite &quot;not my job&quot; syndrome here.- For a &quot;family friendly&quot; hotel, the pools all closed at 7pm. Huh?!?!?!?!- Scantily clad and suggestive dancers between registration and the rooms. I know it's vegas, but really, this doesn't belong along the main walk between registration/front door and the rooms in Tower II.- Arcade downstairs feature many broken games, taped over coin slots, working whack-a-mole missing a mole while the broken one next to it had the full set...- If you visit the arcade in the afternoon, don't expect any of the change machines to work. One of the attendants I asked about the machines said the morning crowd empties the machines so that's why they were all empty. And the same person didn't have any change. A nice guest changed one of my $1 bills for 4 quarters. I'm dismayed that they can't schedule a few more refills on the machines.- My wife was nearly knocked down by two bellmen taking luggage to the rooms. Going from the Tower II elevators into the rest of the property, there's an incline ramp. The bellmen take FULL baggage carts down this, barely under control, disregarding guests that are milling around. The 2nd guy was clearly out of control and no sign of apology from him after he side-swiped my wife with the cart. Thankfully no injuries.- Sleeping guards at the elevator rooms. There's a sign as you go into the elevator area that you should show your room key to the guard. Yeah, right. Not sure what purpose these guys served. They definitely were not preventing anyone from going up the elevators. Guess they were just waiting for people to come in and announce that they were up to no good to stop them. And yes, one morning, I'm pretty sure one of the guards was sleeping.- No coffee maker in the rooms. Heard a number of guests complaining about this.- Inconsistent housekeeping - seemed the linens in the bathroom kept decreasing in qty during our stay and they did not do a good job cleaning the room, inconsistently wiping down surfaces.- Reservation system that didn't confirm our online booked reservation. I had to call them after completing the reservation to make sure it really did go through. I received a thank-you for your reservation and up-coming trip AFTER our trip.	
Aug 23 2009 	If I could do it all again I wouldnt bother	We arived later in the afternoon, and were immediately struck by rows and rows of slot machines. Before we could even find the reservation desk, we were hijacked by timeshare people trying to get us to go to one of their presentations. Once we sucessfully pulled out of that one, we finally saw the reservation desk, and a huge que. My first impressions l eft me wanting to walk out of there. It had the smell of cigarette smoke, dark lighting and looked very dated.The reservation person was just basically processing us and showed no interest in us as humans, other than to let us know that the room we booked was gone so they upgraded us.Our room was clean, but very dated. The air conditioner...while effective, was extremely noisy and would often wake me at night.The hotel staff did come every day and clean the room so that was nice. They offer all you can eat all day for around $25 but the ques are enormous and I can only describe it as a chow hall.If we come back to Vegas, I think we will choose to pay more and get a much better hotel. You get what you pay for I guess	
Aug 23 2009 	Decent	I stay there before at the standard room and it was so-so. This time I upgraded to the widescreen room and it was much better. The room is still small but the decor was more modern with a decent bed and clean room and bath. I recommend to upgrade the room, it is worth the extra $20/night.	
Aug 21 2009 	Superb budget option	The rooms we booked over the internet were really cheap ($40 USD) so we werent expecting anything great, but it was absolutely fantastic! Check in was pretty quick - they didnt have any rooms left of the type we had booked so they upgraded us to a better room with flat screen tv, 2 giant beds and big bathroom. All the staff were really helpful with any questions we had, pool area was good, room service was quick and we didn't find it noisy at all despite the large amount of drunk people up late.The location was at the end of the strip so to get up and down if you want to have a look at the other casinos further along it takes a while, but it wasnt a problem because there are plenty around that you can walk to. We found getting the deuce bus a nightmare, it was SO slow. Thought it was a great hotel for the rock bottom price, would definitely stay there again if we went back.	
Aug 19 2009 	Excalibur is not a Kids Place- Aug 19th	My girls and I spent five nights at the Exalibur and it was awful. Too crowded, not appropriate for kids as it was smokey, dark and dancers in the lobby. It also smelled bad in several locations. We went to Dick Last Resort in the hotel at around 2pm and the waiters actually made fun of the kids, it was horrifying. We a went to the pool and one of the slides wasn't working as well as one of the pools was closed, so very crowded. Plus something was spilled on the deck and it was like walking through sticky soda. The price was cheap but you get what you pay for, cheap, cheap! The only nice part of the hotel was the fitness center and spa. Next time we go, we will pay a bit more and stay in a cleaner hotel with more class.	
Aug 18 2009 	Pole dancers in the lobby!	OK, I know this is Las Vegas...but women dancing on tables in little bikinis right by the registration area in a hotel that's supposed to be more family oriented than many on the others???? I thought this hotel was a zoo. The price is certainly right, and I think that's why it tends to be filled. I'd much rather have paid a little more and stayed at a hotel that didn't remind me of a subway station. And what's with the pool closing at 7 or 8 pm in the summer? You got to be kidding!!! If you're just looking for the cheapest room at a resort on the strip than this is your place. But if you want a little more atmosphere than I would suggest looking elswhere.	
Aug 17 2009 	Don't waste $ at Excalibur - if it looks too good to be true it is!	We stayed at the Excalibur on 8/13/08 for 2 nights. We booked the hotel because the family special was a good deal and we read that the pool was remodeled. It was true the pool area was remodeled but one of the slides in the kids pool was not working so there was a long line of kids waiting to go down the one slide that was working. The lifeguard said that the second slide has never worked. The arcade games were a mess. At least 1/4 of them did not work. The room was terrible, terrible. We traveled for 2 weeks in Utah, Arizona and California and the room was the worst we had stayed in. We were in Tower 1, floor 9 room 51. There was mold and the grout around the shower was old, cracked. The grout around the sink area was cracking. The air conditioner sounded like a 747. When it came on, the drapes blew so the daylight would come in. This was our wakeup call in the morning. The alternative was to turn the A/C off but the room became too hot/stuffy.The bed was uncomfortable, the sheets old, the ice machinge barely churned out enough ice for a couple of drinks. I wanted to call and complain after the first night but after two weeks of travelling, I was tired and did not want to move rooms. I figured I would write a review and let everyone know that you should stay some place else... any where except here. As we were leaving town, we saw some nice hotels on the outskirts of the strip that we should have stayed at.	
Aug 17 2009 	Not the most luxurious hotel in LV	We stayed only one night at the Excalibur. We didn't pay a lot for the room so I guess we couldn't have high expectation. But it is not the cleanest place I stayed during my stay in the US. There were hairs in the shower, some joints were mouldy. The furniture wasn't spotless clean and the linens showed signs of wear.The room overlooked the back of the hotel (concrete roof of the casino and huge AC fans).The hotel is situated at the end of the strip, not far from the airport but we didn't hear any planes. I didn't think it was far away from the centre. It is nice to walk along all the hotels on the strip.I would recommend this hotel for people on a limited budget.	
Aug 16 2009 	Good value for the money	We stayed there 2 nights and it was the least expensive hotel that we found (that still looked ok). The room was much better than we expected. It was new, clean and comfortable. It is a little far from biggest hotels so we had to walk a while (in the very hot weather) to go see the outside shows at the Bellagio or the Treasure Island, but it is much less expensive! The parking is free, but keep a little money for the valet (you can also park by yourself at the back of the hotel).	
Aug 14 2009 	Excellent Hotel and Casion at a great price!	After reading reviews for Excalibur, I was a little worried. After the first hour at the Excalibur, those worries flew out the window. This is a great hotel and Casino, especially for your first time in Vegas.Norma at the front desk upgraded to the Widescreen room for FREE! 28th floor, strip and mountain view. My mom won $1000 at a penny slot. Room Service was excellent. There was a McDonald's and Quiznos in the hotel. You are connected to the Luxor and right next to MGM and New York. No complaints.If you want a fancy hotel....then spend the money to stay there. If you want a great deal stay at the Excalibur!	
Aug 12 2009 	Older hotel for families and limited budget	My wife and I just returned from a four day visit to Las Vegas where we stayed at the Excalibur Hotel. The Excalibur is located at one end of the strip, very close to the airport however we did not notice any noise from the airport. The hotel is not bright and “glitzy” like other hotels in Vegas. In fact it is decorated in darker tones. The staff was friendly and helpful. Upon our arrival I tipped the front desk clerk twenty dollars and received an upgraded room on the twenty fifth floor and a twelve o’clock check out time. Upon going to our room we found that the door would not open. We reported the situation to a security guard who went back to our room with us. After trying the door several times he discovered that the doorset was faulty and that you had to jerk the handle in order to get it to open. We then discovered that the door would not close unless you slammed it several times. He said that we should probably report the problem to someone. The next morning I did report the problem to one of the housekeepers on our floor and she stated that she had noticed it wasn’t working the day before when she cleaned the room. She did call and report the problem. I also went to the front desk and reported the problem. The door was repaired by the time we returned from breakfast. We also received a follow-up call from housekeeping asking if the door had been repaired and if it was working properly. The room was good sized but older and rather tired looking. The wallpaper by the window was peeling back, the curtain was missing some of the rings and hanging down. The furnishings showed signs of wear, one of the bed spreads had a hole in it and one of the chairs had a mark where someone had tried to repair the hole in it with tape, but the tape had peeled off long ago. A shower cap from a previous guest was left hanging on the bathroom door for two days. I told the housekeeper about it while she was cleaning our room and it was gone when we returned to our room. We were awakened at 5:30 in the morning to the sound of the fire alarm (but this could happen in any hotel). It turned out to be false alarm. The elevators were efficient with very little wait time. There were time share salesmen in the common areas (as they were in several other hotels) but they were polite, offered assistance and really didn’t bother anyone. The buffet at the hotel was very reasonable and the selection varied. This is a typical buffet with all the usual selection of foods along with Mexican, Italian, and Chinese food bars and a carving station. The lines can be rather long but they move quickly. Again the staff was friendly and efficient. We also went to the Tournament of Kings dinner show. It was different and fun, but one of those things were going once is enough. You eat everything with your hands as there are no eating utensils. Eating broccoli with your hands is very different. I would think that families with younger children will really enjoy this show. The show itself is not great acting, but fun. You cheer for your King as he competes in a various contests.All in all the Excalibur is an older hotel that would benefit from having there rooms updated. If we had an upgraded room I wonder what the standard rooms are like. This hotel is probably best for families, and those looking for a limited budget experience.	
Aug 12 2009 	I wasn't surprised at all!	I stayed at the Excalibur from June 7th thru June 10th, this was actually my 3rd time there in 3-months. My friend that lives in Vegas recommended the hotel as it was cheap and in a great location, so I was very prepared for my stay.After I stayed there the 1st time the hotel sent me room comps for my next trips (make sure you sign up for players cards everywhere you go!!). So, in my opinion, a &quot;free&quot; average room is worth more to me than paying $$$ to stay in a &quot;nicer&quot; room! That allowed me that much more mad-money to have fun with while I was there! As for the hotel, you want to stay in the remodeled tower-II versus tower-I. I had paid for a tower-I room my 1st trip, but was upgraded to the better tower after asking (politely!) the front desk person for a free upgrade. After my 1st stay, all my future comps were for the newer tower.The room was nice, clean, with an ok view. I did all of my eating at other hotels as I knew that they had much better food. The only things I ate/drank at Excalibur were coffee &amp; snacks (plus lots of booze!). The gambling was fine, though a bit smokey when compared to nicer places.Yes, the time-share folks did approach me, but I simply said &quot;no thank-you&quot; and they left me alone. And yes, there are kids running &amp; ripping all over the place, but I just ignored them also! I am amazed at how many people think of Vegas as a good &quot;family&quot; vacation!Basically I just used the hotel as a place to crash, and spent most of my other time at other casino's. But I would stay there again, as long as the room was comped!	
Aug 12 2009 	GOOD LOCATION BUT NEEDS AN UPGRADE	We flew into Vegas and spent our first night in the US at the Excalibur. We had stayed there once before so thought we knew what to expect. But this place is shabby and needs an upgrade. However, the location is excellent. We also stayed for 3 nights before flying home at the end of our stay and really wished we had gone elsewhere. If you are out of the room all day and only want a safe place to sleep, this will fit the bill for you. It's not too bad but really needs an upgrade.	
Aug 10 2009 	a nice perfectly located hotel for the family	We stayed at Excalibur Aug 2-7 (sun-Fri), 2009 with three children, girls, ages 7, 9, and 13, and loved it. We booked directly through Excalibur and got an average nightly rate of $40. Upon arriving, we requested adjoining rooms in Tower II and were offered upgrades for $10 more per night, per room. The cost to upgrade was well worth it, mainly for the proximity to the pool, and for the view of the pool and mountains. Actually, the first rooms they put us in on floor 17 overlooked the roof and a/c units. A call to the front desk landed us rooms on the other side of the hall with spectacular views for no additional cost. The rooms were clean and well-appointed. The beds were comfortable, and the a/c worked great for both rooms. There were no problems with construction noise or other guest noise. The employees, for the most part, were great. On the last two days we were there, the winds in Las Vegas were strong and Excalibur closed all three pools!! This was very disappointing and the front desk was lackadaisical about it, saying it was for guest safety and no compensation would be offered. We went over to the Monte Carlo pools and spent the day there. It was windy, but I didn't see that anyone's life was in danger at the Monte Carlo. We had massages at the Excalibur spa and weren't real impressed with the $60 25-minute back massages -- actually, that was the most disappointing thing about the whole trip. The best things about the trip were the great rooms with views and the uncrowded pools. The other resort pools were jampacked. One day we went to check out the Mandalay Bay pools because they are supposed to be the best. At first, the pool guy at the turnstile said &quot;No entry without a hotel key,&quot; but when my husband gave him a $20, he unabashedly said we were &quot;abolutely welcome in.&quot; It was a nice pool, complete with sand, wave pool, and lazy river, but you have to buy tubes for $23 each!!! Luckily, we met some people who loaned us theirs. The Monte Carlo, whom we didn't have to bribe for entry, charged a reasonable $10 per tube! The Krispy Kreme doughnuts tasted stale, but the McDonalds came in quite handy a time or two. The Regale Italian restaurant is overrated; we paid nearly $100 and the service was horrible. We've had much better meals and service at Olive Garden (a medium price range family eatery in Texas). We ate some at the Excalibur buffet and enjoyed it. For two days, we bought the eat-all-day buffet armband at Luxor. These hotels are connected by moving walkways. The adult price is $29, but the really good deal is for the kids -- just $15 to eat all day (ages 4-11). Check-in and check-out was quick. The arcade was a lot of fun for the kids. Just start out early ignoring the men and women in blue blazers who want to know &quot;where you're from&quot; and &quot;how long you're staying,&quot; to avoid getting tied up talking timeshares. The Excalibur was a nice, perfectly located hotel for the family.	
Aug 10 2009 	For the money - it's a good place	You may have to remind yourself, as you are dodging strollers, waiting on elevators that are already full with families, or being pestered by timeshare salespeople how little you paid to stay here - the rooms (remodeled) were very nice and spacious, all the staff was helpful - if you're simply looking for nice lodging and a good location at a very reasonable cost - this works. It's a short walk to get to nicer casinos - save money on the room by staying here - more to gamble with!	
Aug 10 2009 	Amazing hotel food not so good	The excalibur looks amazing, could be seen as tacky to some but I was looking for that when visiting Vegas. Its has recently been redecorated and the hotel rooms are roomy, modern and nicely decorated.The beds were extremely large, and were changed daily. The bathroom kept extremely clean and looked wonderful.Hotel obviously had a massive casino, four separate pools which unfortunately were only 3ft deep, so swimming was slightly impossible. There was a spa available which included a gym. On the upper floors there was a variety of food courts, including mcdonalds and pizza hut. There was also a buffet which was open all day, I can't say I found any of the food particularly appealing.There was also a beauty salon which was pricey but they did do a good job, ( I attended a wedding while there and used this facility). All in all I think excalibur was a nice hotel which offered value for money and I would go again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Really happy with Excalibur!!!	Before arriving in Vegas and at the Excalibur I was already put off by some of the comments on here made by people who expected 5 star for 35 pound a night. We stayed in tower 1 and although the decor was a bit outdated everything else was great. Great pools, space in room and bathroom, clean and freindly staff. So please don't be put off by the deluded people who speak bad of it, it is great value for money and in a great position on the strip!!!	
Aug 9 2009 	the cost benefit is excellent	The Excalibur hotel has an excellent location, but could have more choices of restaurants. The rooms are quite spacious and can also improve the cleaning, but the cost benefit is excellent, it is worth. I was in the hotel from 11 to 15 July and returned to the hotel cheaply	
Aug 9 2009 	Stayed at better places	I stayed at the Excalibur quite a few years ago and just stayed there again last month. I got a good deal on the room for the weekend and the location on the strip is just okay. The whole hotel and rooms are badly in need of updating. You can tell almost all the furnishings in the room are original to the hotel being built and seemingly the mattresses too! It was okay to stay here for one weekend and when we finally figured out how to get out of the parking lot with the car without killing ourselves that was okay. The casino needs updating and I for one didn't appreciate the girls dancing on the bars. I'm sure they are trying to attact a younger crowd but it just seemed sad! I won't stay here again unless the hotel gets a major overhaul (unless it's imploded first to make way for a new hotel!)	
Aug 9 2009 	don't get lost!	we stayed few a couple of days. The location isgood since ti is near the ariport and in a central position on the strip. It is both a huge hotel and casino... You can find anything, from a nice outdoor swimming pool to several shops... Rooms are comfortable and relatively clean. The reception and part of the hotel are very noisy and busy (but not the rooms). Great deal the all-day all-you-can-eat buffet for 25$.The car rental of the hotel is by far more expensive than the ones of the airport.	
Aug 8 2009 	Not bad - you get what you pay for	Not the best hotel iv stayed in. We arrived from the airport via a shuttle bus at the rear rotunda drop off point at the hotel. There were no signs and we had no idea where to check in. We finally found the front desk after walking through the casino (not good with suitcases really). The memeber of staff who checked me in was very rude and didn't speak to me at all. We were put in tower 1 and were given a non-renovated room which was not great but we didn't pay much for the room so I suppose it is only fair. We had no window view at all - just a wall right in front of our room so had no idea where abouts we were. The room and decor was dated and really does need renovating. The bed was comfortable the bedding was not nice. The bathroom was very spacious and clean with a huge mirror and shower which was good. The room was large with a bed, table and chairs and a sofa so it was spacious. We didn't order room service but the people opposite our room did and there dirty trays and food were left outside their room for 3 days!! Incredibly unhygienic!!! There was also glasses left outside from room service that weren't collected and some were broken by the morning. The hotel itself is in a great location with a connecting walk way to new york new york and luxor. Compared to other hotels on the strip the excalibur is definately not luxorious but for the price and the location i probably would stay there again but i would pay the extra to get one of the updated widescreen rooms. There is no free wireless internet which is quite poor as most american hotels do offer this now. Beware of the time share sellers!! They tried to con us into free show tickets the minute after we had checked in. Free tickets in exchange for a full day at one of their resorts - i would suggest saying no staright away unless you have plenty of time in vegas and don't mind losing a day for free show tickets. Personally, i dont think the hotel should allow time share people to bother their guests. We didn't eat in the hotel but would recommend the outback steak house above the coca cola shop. Overall, a good place to rest on a budget but if you want vegas luxury, don't go here.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great place for kids	We just returned home from six nights at the Excalibur, and we were extremely satisfied with our experience. If you read my profile and contributions, you will note that I am almost always satisfied with the hotels I choose. That is because I research them thoroughly and select the ones most likely to provide the experience we are looking for. The reviewer who had to move from the Excalibur to Caesar's Palace was obviously in the wrong place the first time! The two hotels are nothing alike, and for my family, that is a good thing. The Excalibur is a great place for kids. The turrets, drawbridge, and moats may be a bit cheesy, but my grandsons loved them. The Tournament of Kings dinner show was a big hit. No, it is not historically accurate, but we weren't there for a history lesson. Our grandsons did learn about jousting and the legend of King Arthur, and the beautiful horses were an attraction themselves. The dinner was good: tomato soup, a small roasted chicken, broccoli, french fries, rolls, apple turnovers, and pitchers of soda. If you book your stay on the hotel's web site, choose the promotion that includes 2 for 1 tickets to the show. Our boys absolutely loved the 4-D rides and the arcade. Look in free tourist magazines for discount coupons. We stayed on a lower floor on the side facing New York New York, and we never once heard the jackhammer or construction noise another reviewer complained about. We did hear screams from the roller coaster at NYNY, but we considered that part of the Vegas atmosphere, as we didn't go there for peace and quiet. Our room was a double queen with the widescreen TV. It was quite large and was serviced regularly while we were out during the day. The sheets were of high quality, and the towels were new. Bathroom amenities were excellent and were replenished each day. I will agree with another reviewer that the sink counter was unusually high and that the toilet paper holder was not within a child's easy reach.. Also, the room did seem a little dark, but after all, you are staying in a castle!. TV channels were limited, but we had almost no time for TV anyhow. The halls, elevators, and public areas were clean enough, maybe not to the standards of Caesar's Palace, but certainly adequate for a place with so many children and so much foot traffic. We appreciated the fact that there was a McDonalds on site, in addition to a Pizza Hut Express, Quiznos, Krispy-Kreme, and Cold Stone Creamery. Our grandsons would have little interest in the food offerings at Caesar's Palace, and I wouldn't like the price. We were tempted to buy the all-you-can-eat -all-day buffet tickets, but we didn't think our young grandsons would eat $25 worth each day, although that might be a bargain for some people. Shopping venues included souvenir shops and Everything's $10 stores. Again, if your taste runs to Armani and Gucci, for heaven's sake, don't book the Excalibur! The location at the south end of the Strip suited us perfectly. We wanted to see Bodies: The Exhibition at the Luxor, in addition to seeing the Luxor itself, which was right next door. We walked the length of the Strip, visiting every hotel along the way, seeing the light show and conservatory at the Bellagio, Cleopatra's barge at Caesar's Palace, and the volcano at the Mirage. Although we bought a monorail ticket for one day, we found it to be not very helpful. Getting to and from the monorail from the Strip was more trouble than just walking along the Strip, and the Strip was much more interesting. We considered the Deuce bus, but every bus we saw was horribly overcrowded. We just walked, which was best for us anyhow. Yes, there were obscene pictures of boobs scattered on the sidewalk and men (and one very pregnant woman) passing out invitations to Dial-a-Girl, but to me, that is no worse than the advertisements for erectile dysfunction prescriptions that now punctuate primetime TV shows.At least you can reject the offers of the touts; the Viagra ads come into your living room when you are only trying to watch the news. Certainly, the mystique of Sin City is disappearing in our more open and permissive society.The Excalibur itself had heavy security at every exterior entrance and at the entrances to the towers where the rooms were located. There was absolutely no semblance of impropriety there, at least not before midnight when we retired. Dick's Last Resort Restaurant wasn't even doing a good job of looking risque. From the outside it just seemed silly and juvenile, not obscene. Along with our stay at the Excalibur, we flew to the Grand Canyon National Park for one day and spent another at Hoover Dam. We did not swim in the pool, which seemed awfully crowded, as did all the pools we saw, especially the one at Mandalay Bay. We had a fantastic trip that our grandsons will never forget, and the Excalibur was part of the fun.	
Aug 7 2009 	Nice price terrible beds.	I have stayed at Excalibur before, so I was pleased when they offered a room with 2 queen beds for $23 plus resort fees &amp; taxes. Sadly, we were put in an old room (Tower 1, 11th floor). Both beds should be moved to the torture dungeons! I woke up every hour with pins &amp; needles in all my limbs. After the first night, I made a bed on the bed out of the extra pillows (and the two teenagers I brought with me just had to suffer). We had hauled up so much luggage, and unpacked everything, and it would have taken up many hours to get a new room and move. Every minute of my vacation time is precious, I can't afford 4 hours wasted.The rooms are a good size, you don't keep bumping into each other on the way to the bath. The staff was responsive, but we really asked VERY little of them. If you don't mind themed-vacation resorts (I know many find them tacky), this can be a fun place to stay. But don't unpack your bags until you have spent a few minutes trying out the mattress.	
Aug 7 2009 	disapointed	We booked to stay here 4 nights and left after 2. We were really looking forward to our stay, but were left extremely disapointed by this hotel and the management.We payed a premium to stay in a strip view delux room and were given a partial view of the strip on the side of the hotel directly opposite New York, New York. Directly below our window there was major constuction work going being done on the road. The noise from this was 24hrs and due to the window having no sound proofing we were kept awake all night by jack hammers and pnuematic drills. After complaining to the concierge he said we could have a new room in the morning and that he would give us a partial refund on our stay, which we thought was a fair deal. We returned to the concierge desk in the morning to get our room switch and all the could give us was a downgraded room with no view and she said she new nothing about the partial refund, as the guy on the night desk had made no note of it. On top of this the public areas of the hotel were very dirty, especially the lifts and corridors. There was quite often trays of uncollected room service stuff left outside rooms for days. The pool area was nice yet the part with the water slide was closed off because there weren't enough life guards.The all day buffet was good value but my wife visited the rest rooms twice and on both occasions there was someone vomiting in there. I know its Vegas but if you've been drinking all night why would you go for a buffet? We checked out of the Excalibur and moved to Ceasars which was excellent in every way, the check in clerk even upgraded us for free when we ntold him about our experience down the street. The Excalibur is in need of a good clean up and could take a few customer relations lessons from its superior neighbours.	
Aug 6 2009 	Loved Excalibur!	Stayed one night at the Excalibur before parting to go to the Grand Canyon. We checked in late evening and there was no line. The first thing we were told was &quot;You have been upgraded to a suite&quot;. I don't know why we were, as I had booked the &quot;$70 Tower Room with Widescreen&quot; summer special package (included $35 in free food, 2 free drinks, 2 free midway games and 2 free spa passes), but I didn't ask any questions! The room was wonderful! Very clean and modern with a view of the strip. The pool entrance was near our elevator, so no walking through the casino to get there. Plenty of pools to choose from with lots of lounge chairs available. Breakfast buffett was wonderful.I would definately stay there again! Upon our return from the Grand Canyon we stayed at the MGM (got a great package deal there too), but will not stay there again. Stood in line forever to check in and also for the breakfast buffett. The pool, once we walked all the way through the casino and the shopping area to get to it, was full of 20-somethings drinking (and spilling) beer. Room in West Tower was nice and modern, but a long walk to anything!	
Aug 6 2009 	This was a great place to stay for our first trip to Vegas!	If you've seen the movie 'The Hangover', there's a moment of pure excitement when the guys see the view from their hotel... My brother and I had the same reaction when we saw the view of the Strip from our room. We stayed in a newly renovated room with HD tv and we loved it. The view was great and the room was very modern, well decorated and clean. The hotel has great facilities, restaurants and pool. There's lots of things to occupy your time. We originally stayed a night at the Four Queens, but moved to the Excalibur to get the Strip experience and we didn't regret it. We paid under $50/night for our room per night and it was worth it.	
Aug 5 2009 	Good Value.	My girlfriend &amp; i stayed at Excalibur for 2 nights during our road trip around USA &amp; Canada. We actually just moved across the strip as we had just stayed at the Signature for 3 nights, which was excellent. We did this as we were travelling for 5 months &amp; we were looking to save money were we could. I think it cost us approx $50-$60 per night through expedia. I wasn't really expecting to be too impressed by Excalibur after staying at the Signature so was not dissapointed. When we arrived we noticed there were long queues at the front desk so we went for a drink &amp; a gamble until it got a bit quieter. The casino is ok, not the best but not the worse either (my girlfriend won a few dollars but lost it all again soon afterwards!). We found the service quite good &amp; were refreshed with free drinks regularly enough. Our room was ok, it must have been in Tower II. Reasonably clean with a good view of the strip &amp; the airport. We ate at the buffet which was very good but i thought it could have been cheaper. Check-out was quick &amp; hassle free. Probably wouldn't stay there again but would recommend to travellers on a budget. Go for Tower II unless Tower I has been refurbished since October 2008.	
Aug 5 2009 	Loved our stay at the Excalibur	We stayed for 2 nights at the Excalibur and thouroughly enjoyed this hotel - wish we could've stayed longer! I booked a basic room in advance over the internet and paid a very reasonable price, which is why we were pleasantly surprised by the quality of our room and the facilities. We had a lovely view of the Luxor next door, our bed was comfortable and I thought the 'castle' decor of the room and passage ways lovely. The room wasnt brand new, but it was nice, clean, comfortable, had a very nice bathroom and all the amenities we needed. We loved walking through the casino and past Dicks and loved the refillable slushie cups! We ate in the buffet which was ok, and enjoyed browsing through the souvinier shops.The location was good - we spent our nights walking around the strip just enjoying the atmosphere of Vegas.Check in and out of the hotel was really easy - there were lots of people waiting to check in/out but there were also a lot of operaters.After checking out on our last day, the hotel was happy to look after our bags and for us to spend the day at the pool. The pool facilities are lovely - it was quite busy when we were there but still heaps of deck chairs and pool mats to float on in the water, and lots of different pools. The poolside cafe and bar were nice and they had a live band entertaining us. We were quite happy to spend the whole day there!Overall we loved our stay at the Excalibur. I suppose its not the newest or most luxurious of Vegas hotels, but I thought it was really good value for money and would definately stay there again.	
Aug 5 2009 	Well Worth the value . . .	Overall: Stayed at Excalibur at the end of July for 3 nights for a first time trip to Vegas. We were skeptical at first given some of the reviews and the ratings. We have fairly high standards from previous trips to Mexico, Jamacia and Hawaii. We would say that for the value this was a very nice hotel and casino. There were much fancier and glitzier hotel/casinos like Caesars, Planet Hollywood and Bellagio (to name a few) but for the price this was very nice. Rooms: Upon check-in we had originally booked a standard King size room in Tower I. We asked for an upgrade to Tower II in a widescreen room and were given it for free. (Never hurts to ask). The room was very nice on the 25th floor and had a nice view of the pools. The bed was very comfortable and the room was quiet. It was nothing fancy or over the top, but you spend very little time in the room anyways. Casino: The casino was great because even on the weekend and later at night, you could find $5 tables without a problem. Also the dealers were very friendly at the Craps table as they taught me how to play and it paid off. The casino never seemed very busy. The drinks were expensive unless you were gambling, then they were free. We did not have any problems with Timeshare pressure as when we told them no, they left us alone.Food: We did not eat at any restraunts here, but it was nice having a Starbucks for my wife and Monster enery drinks for me. On one side note, we ate at Casa Di Amore and it was fantastic!! We also had the seafood buffet at the Rio and it was great as well. Pools: The pools were somewhat busy, but because there were so many, you could find chairs without a problem. Overall, we would definitely stay here for the money as the location is fantastic and the hotel/casino is of great value! You definitely come to Vegas for the overall experience, not to spend all your time at one hotel! Hope this helps!!	
Aug 4 2009 	You can do much better!	We stayed two nights at the Excalibur to attend an event- we weren't crazy about staying there to start with and our opinion didn't change after we left. The best thing to say about the Excalibur is that it is conveniently located to other hotels where you'd much rather be. We stayed at the Excalibur on our first ever Vegas trip 17 years ago when it first opened- unfortunately, most of what was there then, is still there now- just 17 years older. I've heard the hotel described as a large Super 8. I don't think that's fair to Super 8s. Other than a flat screen TV (that didn't work real well), the rooms are about as basic as a hotel room could be. Two elevators served 9 floors (a third was out of order)- be ready for a long wait. Pack a lunch if you're trying to leave on a Sunday morning. The only thing slower than the elevators was the service at the coffee shop. The hotel attacts kids- the Excalibur has more kids than you'll see outside of a Disney park. The casino also has a &quot;party pit&quot; with scantily clad dancers. I like kids and I like scantily clad dancers but still can't figure out who thought it would be a good idea to combine the two. The best reason I've heard to stay at the Excalibur is the price. There are great deals at much nicer and classier hotels in Las Vegas now- you can do a lot better without spending much more.	
Aug 4 2009 	it's crazy	ok, everything is crazy in las vegas. we stayed few days, very clean rooms, reception is always very busy, you feel somewhat lost in such a huge hotel. Nice outdoor swimming pools (some warm water massage pools), with children slide. Great deal the all-day all-you-can-eat buffet for 25$. Centrally placed, on the strip. We got a free beer pass upon registration.	
Aug 4 2009 	great stay	Stayed at the Excalibur from July 17th - 22nd. Checking was no problem, done within 10 minutes. Room was large and clean ( room 4 2 69 ). Got a good deal on the internet and stayed in a newly renovated room in Tower II. Had no problem what so ever with timeshare people. I guess that was because I was a single traveler. Had fun playing on the slotmachines even though I am not a big gambler. But eh, with those penny and nickel machines you don't need to be ! I do think the music and other noise in the casino was a bit ( too ) loud, but that is personal. It sure didn;t stop me from playing. If you don't like noise at all, go to Mandalay Bay for example. Housekeeping was good. No complaints there. Done the buffet once. Ok, if you are looking for a gourmet meal, you do need to go somewhere else. I personally didn't like it very much. Would not eat there a lot if I stay again.Excalibur is a great place to stay, especially for a budget traveller. Would surely recommend it.	
Aug 3 2009 	Nice pool area good staff but clearly a budget experience	We stayed had two adjoining tower II view rooms for three nights in July. We checked in at 3 pm and found the process to be much quicker and friendlier than at the MGM, Mandalay Bay or Monte Carlo. The rooms were decent size and the view of the NY NY and down the strip was ok. As other have mentioned they have a relatively large pool complex. More importantly, the pools weren't crowded and so you enough room to float around on rafts, play catch, etc. We rented a cabana for one of the days, which was nice albeit a bit expensive at $100. The only problems with the pool area were one of the slides being closed and because many guests leave their towels on the chairs when they leave, it can be hard to find a group of lounge chairs that you know for sure are unoccupied. Pool side drink service was also good. All that said, the place is a budget hotel. The furniture is worn, room service trays would stay in the halls for hours, and nothing in the place could be described as immaculate.On the upside, we never ran into the time share sales people that others have called ubiquitous. Nor did we have any problems with the room, which was quiet and cleaned promptly each day.One note of advice: You can't enter the self park from West bound Tropicana. If you are arriving via Las Vegas Blvd. turn in at any of the roads south of the hotel and work your way to the garage from the back of the hotel.	
Aug 3 2009 	Should Have Gotten Married There!	My husband and I took an early honeymoon.....long story. We got a great deal thru travelzoo for $31 USD/night at this hotel, June 3-10/09. We are getting married in September in costume. He will be a King and I'm going to be an Elizabethan Queen. This would have been a PERFECT place to get married, although it would have been just the two of us. In hindsight, it would have been ok. Instead we are doing the same thing here and we also have Medevil times here in Toronto. The hotel is beautiful, located near the end of the strip across from the MGM Grand and Tropicana and right smack beside New York New York. We rented a car for $155 for the whole week. Parking is free at all the hotels, which is unusual but awesome. That's what happens when a hotel actually wants your business! As far as the hotel itself goes, it's great for kids and adults. They have an arcade downstairs for kids. They have everything upstairs for adults. It's cool. We checked in with &quot;Jeff&quot;. He's awesome. We were friendly (at 1:30am their time) and he upgraded our room for free when I told him this was our official honeymoon before the wedding. Real sweetheart. We had a beautiful view of the 4 swimming pools and the beautiful Las Vegas mountain range every morning. I can see the Vegas strip any time. The beds were hard and we were unable to sleep the first night but we called housekeeping and had them put egg crate foam on our mattresses and then it was ok. They were awesome too. The rooms were nice, bathroom had a huge shower, no tub. Who needs a tub anyway. It was great for two to shower, which we did and enjoyed the big space to move around in. Water pressure was great, not like those dribbly showers in most hotels and we were on the 17th floor. We tipped the maid to NOT make our bed cause we don't like to pull the sheets out every night from the foot end. Nice. I'm told if you put clothes on the bed, the maid isn't allowed to make your bed. They can't touch your things. The only complaint I have about the hotel itself is that they seemed to be lacking in the ventilation department. Here in Ontario we aren't used to smoky casinos. It's a no no. They need to update their ventilation system because we found it the smokiest casino of all the hotels we went into. Other than that it was a fully self contained hotel. It even had a Starbucks, MacDonalds and plenty of other neat stores in it to shop around in. You didn't really have to leave the hotel for anything. They have the most AWESOME food deal on the strip. $25 all you can eat all day buffet. IT WAS WORTH EVERY DIME! The food was great. We never went hungry and because we had a car we could come and go as we pleased. I even bought a Lanyard and filled it with ice chips, ice cream and fruit juice. It made an awesome slushy. It was about 85-90 degrees of dry heat every day. If you tip the servers a couple of bucks they will get you extras you don't see on the buffet. My hubby loves lemon meringe pie. He mentioned it and they brought him a piece although we didn't see any out the whole week. We gave them extra tips for that.Most hotels, including this one, have escalators to take you everywhere and moving sidewalks. It's nice after walking for hours. Oh yeah, those creepy people at each entrance and all over the hotel who want to give you free stuff...... unless you have a day to waste, don't take their free stuff. They promise to only take 1-2 hours of your time &quot;depending on your level of interest&quot; and you also get a &quot;free lunch&quot;. You get your &quot;free stuff&quot; alright but friends of mine ended up going and the truth was they haul you off on a a buss to a resort far away so you are stranded and dependent on them. The 1-2 hours was more like 4-6 hours. The free lunch were stale sandwiches that they couldn't stomach and the time share...... oh did I forget to mention that? The timeshare was $40 000.00 plus $700 a month maintenance fee! Eeeeek! Of course the prices get cheaper when you argue but the bottom line was still expensive and the amount of time you get to spend every year goes down. Total rip off. Just smile and tell them you're not staying past today.The hotel spa and swimming poos was like none I've ever seen. They have a pool for kids, a pool for everyone, a pool for adults only and a pool for kids and the young at heart with a water fall and waterslide. It was nice. The lounge chairs are fairly new, comfortable and we NEVER had to fight over them because there were so many pools and so many lounges. Awesome! Nobody reserves them at 7 am and when you leave you take your towel and the next person gets the chair. Awesomely simple isn't it? Every night they clean the whole deck with a mini Zambone. The pools are not very deep but refreshing in the desert, just the right temperature. Only problem is the pool closes at 6. I like to go for a midnight dip or at least late night. During the day there are lifeguards everywhere. Oh yeah, please remember you're in the hot dry desert and dont' spend a 1/2 hour in the whirlpools..... duh! Some poor unfortunate soul ended up having a stroke in the hottub and they had to fish him out and take him to the hospital. Overall I would stay here again...... most definitely. We also say Hoover Dam and the Canyon, South Rim. Don't get ripped off at the West Rim , take the 5 1/2 hour drive to the South Rim. It's worth it. I know the new bridge is at the west rim but it'll cost ya an arm and a leg to get in and out and around. They don't allow you to take pictures off that glass bridge either. They'd rather sell you some. Take a bus tour, don't drive yourself either. It's a long and lonely ride through the desert.	
Aug 2 2009 	first time -probably last time there	this hotel casino is just okay-i think it is over rated--for styaing on the strip thoguht it is a good deal price wise--i doubt we will stay again thoguh regardless of that fact-everything is way too expensive which of ocurse is true of many places on the strip--i wish we woul dhave stayed 2 days instead of 4 and stayed 2 elsewhere.	
Aug 1 2009	pools were fabulous but the room not so much	My 7 year-old daughter and I stayed for 8 days at Excalibur in a widescreen room in Tower 2. The room was OK; A/C worked well and beds were comfortable and had a tall, long, brown suede headboard that extended over both Queen beds. Granite counters in bathroom and top of A/C unit and spacious counters. Shower walls had black &amp; pink mold, I asked for new bedspreads when we got there as ours had little blood and chocolate stains, and there were a couple of stains on the curtains and some stains on the ceiling. I re-cleaned all table, counter and dresser tops on arrival; the windows were dirty, too. They never seemed to clean the bathroom mirror; same water spots remained daily; I had to do that, too. One day they forgot to clean our room, even though I called twice to remind them. Finally, by midnight I put out the trash cans and towels into the hall and called to tell them so; finally someone came up with fresh towels and clean trash bags. Wonderful laundry service; they bring you back your panties in little gift boxes with tissue wrap, like a gift. For the most part, they do accommodate, but it may take a while.4 pools there; 2 are fabulous with waterfalls and 2 slides. Can rent rafts and float around, water is super warm, 1 pool's capacity is 850 people, another is about 700; they're huge.There are half-naked women dancing on a stage that you have to walk by to get to your Tower 2 room, and time share people everywhere trying to get your attention, and of course it's very smoky, but there are oxygen bars everywhere, which my daughter and I used each night; we really enjoyed that.I liked the location. Connected indoors through walkway to Luxor and Mandalay, and through an outside bridge to New York, then another bridge to MGM. About a 20 - 30 min walk to Ceasers and Bellagio. We saw David Copperfield at MGM, Bodies at Luxor, Tournament of Kings dinner at Excalibur, Lion Exhibit at MGM, Shark Reef at Mandalay Bay; it was all right there; location is good. We were on the 15th floor and had the Luxor light blinding us through our window if the shade was up. This hotel is good for parent traveling with mature child.	
Aug 1 2009 	Needs updating	Our family stayed the last week of July. The rooms are in needs of an update mattress and carpeting. The staff was quite pleasant and helpful. I did not like having to pay for the use of a pack n play $20.00 per day. Children need to be in a crib. It is something that is needed.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Value Great Location Will stay again!	Timeshare People: Yes they are guarding the entrances, and even though I had read about them no one told me what to look out for or how to bypass them. They are the friendly people in the blue blazers that act like the care about you when you walk in. If someone says the following to you: &quot;Where are you guys from&quot;, or &quot;Is this your first time here&quot; when you walk in the door they are most likely timeshare people. Simply look at them and say no thank you. They know the drill and leave you alone; the key is to not stop walking. The check in desk is to the left of the main entrance when you go in the hotel, you can sight see later. Check In: There was a long line to check in, but it moved quickly. We waited maybe 10 minutes, not bad at all. The young lady that checked us in was very nice and the whole process at the desk took about 3 minutes.Room: After reading several reviews I opted for the safer bet in my opinion and booked a wide screen room. These rooms are in Tower 2. We were not disappointed. The room was clean, the beds were comfortable, and the air conditioning worked great. The showers drained a little slow, but I have that happen at most hotels. TV was nice, but we never used it really, it’s Vegas.Cleaning Staff: Our cleaning staff was awesome. Some days we didn’t leave the room until after 1pm, but our room was always cleaned when we returned. At any hotel I like to leave a $5 tip on the nightstand each day before we go out. I leave a note requesting extra towels every day, cups, etc., and this has always gotten my requests filled no problems, the Excalibur was no exception. At the least I figure the tip gives them extra motivation to clean my room regardless of the time I leave.Location: This hotel is in the best location in my opinion. It is a cheap $15 + tip taxi fare from the airport or an easy drive if you rent a car. If you choose other hotels like Bally’s you have to fight the strip traffic, which is horrible at best. It’s a 20-25 min walk from here to the Bellagio which is in the middle of the strip. Families: If you are one of the many people that say hey, I want to take my kid to “Sin City” this info is for you. This hotel has a several things that would appeal to kids, mainly an overpriced arcade, and a statue of Sponge Bob. *Remember this is Vegas, so Sponge Bob is roughly 15ft from a Liquor Bar, 25ft from the Gaming Tables, and depending on the time of day only 40ft from women in very little clothing dancing on a stage. Not to mention if you decided to go for a stroll down the strip the porn pushers will introduce your kid to enough porn to last them until they are in college. They will like the pool though!General: This hotel is a great value, clean, friendly, and has a great vibe. If you want luxury the MGM is across the street and is very nice, but I stayed 4 nights at Excalibur for the price of 1 and a half there. I wanted to spend my money on other things. Remember though, I booked a wide screen room in tower 2, I can’t speak for the cheaper rooms.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great Value...Great Location	I have stayed at the Excaliber three times over the past two years. The Excaliber is an older hotel and yes it is in need of updates and repair; but I found the hotel rooms to be clean and the customer service better than some of the other upscale hotels on the strip. You cannot find a better value in a comparably good location in all of Las Vegas!	
Jul 29 2009 	You Get What you paid for	This was our first trip to Vegas and we had an amazing price for hotel room. The room is average which was fine as we didnt plan on staying in the room much. The Location is nice as its a good area for shopping and sites. It is 1/2 hour walk to the middle of the strip. Amazing food at a restaurant inside called Dick's Last Resort. Loved the service and food at that restaurant. The Tournament of Kings tickets are cheaper at Tix 4 Tonight (next to M&amp;M World) then buying through the hotel. The most annoying thing is at the front and back of the hotel is the time share people that harrass you the moment they see you. Could have done without that every day. Long Lines at the front desk but the agent that assisted us was such a wonderful gentlemen. Hotel has alot of clear signs of where everything is which isnt a standard at most hotels on the strip surprisingly. Would stay here again but i really didnt like being harassed by those time share people that i might consider another hotel that doesnt have it. The negative side is that no one in the hotel told us about the coupons for the sites of other hotels, even when we inquired. Our wonderful cab driver ended up letting us know about it and gave them to us.	
Jul 29 2009 	my stay was horrible .	Do not go to this hotel especialy handycapped, one the comfeture was ripped ,the maids do not know what clean is. Then on the day islipped and fell in the going down the step ,I slammed my back hard and it still hurts. There so called lifeguard saw me and didn't even see if I was allright because I'm handycapped and on the nheavy side. I reported to securety and pictures done and they have not caaled or checked on me. So please for your safety don't go here therenot nice here at excaliber. Ill never say here again	
Jul 28 2009 	Older Hotel	This hotel needs some updating. The springs in the mattresses poked you when you sat or layed on the bed (My weight 115 lbs). The bedding and carpet is old. Be prepared to walk through cig. smoke while in Vegas. The room and bathroom was nice size.	
Jul 28 2009 	what a dive!!!	We just got back from las Vegas and were very upset with the Excalibur as a whole! the room was dusty and dirty, we requested extra blankets and called 3 times they never brought the blankets to us after i told them at 10:00pm I NEED THEM NOW they still ignored my request. we called again the second night and had to call 3 times and wait 1.5 hours to get the blankets. there was trash and empty glasses in the hallway dailt, it was just gross! we had small children with us and they had GO GO DANCERS right in the Lobby area! so weird!!!! they have a bar called something like Dicks bar which is so gross! they have people where hats with very inappropreate saying written on the hats, we couldnt walk through the lobby without covering the kids eyes!! it was horrible, i would never recommend this hotel just spend the extra money and stay at a decent, clean hotel with good help!	
Jul 27 2009 	BELOW AVERAGE	for a las vegas hotel it sucked. rooms were below average, fairly old looking. horrible place to gamble - the poker room was electronic. Food was average at best. Nice workout facilities.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good introduction for 1st timers to Vegas	We had a room in the older Tower 1 but it had terrific views of the surrounding mountains, airport and southern end of The Strip. (A full moon one night was an amazing sight!) The room itself was spacious, quiet and very cool thanks to great airconditioning but a little tired in decor and furniture and the king bed mattress was uncomfortable with what I presumed to be a broken spring. Housekeeping was good except for the 1 towel with a great big hole in the middle of it! The all-you-can-eat 24 hour $25 buffet was terrific! Great value and great choices every time, we loved this! The Camelot Steakhouse was pricey but delivered ... a delicious meal (the most amazing salad dish accompanying the best steak). The Casino itself was very heavy with cigarette smoke, moreso than other Casinos on The Strip and EVERY time you entered or left the hotel, you were harrassed by &quot;show ticket sellers&quot; at the entrances which got rather annoying time after time! Overall, for the price this hotel provides a good introduction to Las Vegas and The Strip. Dining, souvenirs and amenities are cheap and cheerful, however next time I'd go for a hotel more towards the middle of The Strip and one a bit classier.	
Jul 26 2009 	Very Tired Hotel	After traveling around Canada and the US for 6 months this is unfortunately the worst hotel I've stayed so far. Staying in only 3 - 3.5 star hotels, I've seen a few hotels with very tired rooms, but the Excalibur takes the prize. Toilet was broken and leaking, shower felt like it was stolen from a cheap motel. Bed was short sheeted &amp; I found myself playing housekeeping and remaking the bed at 2am.Location is quite good for most shows, walking distance to MGM/NYNY/LuxorOtherwise you can see why they are dumping the rooms at cheap rates... people clearly aren't staying here like they used to.	
Jul 26 2009	A good value	Went on a trip with some friends and stayed 4 nights at the Excalibur. We were in the newer section of the hotel and while pleasantly surprised with the room, our view was of the roof. Guess we can't have everything.The hotel is on the corner of the strip and Tropicana, with MGM Grand, New York New York and the apparently soon to be demolished/renovated (?) Tropicana Hotel. The price is the biggest draw as well cheaper gaming tables. My room mate and friends enjoyed the penny and 2-cent slots and made a fun time of the trip, for sure. I did well playing $5 craps and $10 black-jack. The all-day Buffet is not a bad deal, but wish they changed the food from lunch to dinner. Maybe it was just the day we were there, so we got tired of the food and ate somewhere else the other days. (Tried the MGM dinner Buffet. The food was much better, but also pricier.)The comps are generous for the amount of playing I did. Do get yourself a MGM Player's Card which allows you to accummulate points at several properties. We got some pretty good comps for meals (at least one meal each day) as well late check-out. I think I came out a bit ahead at the end of the stay, even counting the $$ saved from the freebie meals. I'm a newbie on the comps thing, so had I known we should have charged all the meals to the room, I might have gotten everything for free. I learned from that!For those of you complaining about pay-to-use internet access in the room. suggest instead that you go to the food court where Krispy Kreme is --- they have free wi-fi there, if you absolutely must check your email, etc. While I was doing just that, there were 3 other people doing the same thing. :)I've recommended the hotel to some friends and they also had a great stay, so I guess it's not really too bad, for the money.	
Jul 26 2009 	Book a month ahead and you'll get your $$ worth	I am actually still in the hotel...came here for 9 nights with a friend. We got a free room upgrade, very nice check-in clerk. Rooms are decent size, clean, comfortable. No fridge though, however, there is ice machine on the same floor. Don't watch TV much, so it doesn't matter how many channels it has - one is in Vegas, why watch TV?!! Some noise from the outside traffic etc. but if you turn the fan/AC on, it will drown it out. As far as internet, you don't have to get the $14 hotel thing, turn on your PC and look for wi-fi offers - Travelocity and some others will pop up - slightly cheaper then the hotel. OR, go to McDonalds or krispy Creme downstairs and youo got free internet. Drinks are VERY pricey, $7 for a basic beer, BUT in the downstairs of Tower II, right by the elevators, there is a little store with one fridge that has the same beers for $3.75 ;-) Overall, it is worth the money etc. The pool does close pretty soon - 7PM. Easy access to MGM and New york New York and Luxor. Would stay here again!!	
Jul 25 2009 	Still a great bargain! Go see Monte at the Jesters Lounge!	We needed to visit Vegas for a quick, one night stay to see some family friends and booked Excalibur. We paid a few extra dollars for Tower 2 and it was just fine. I think our Wednesday summer night rate was $58. Room was nicely remodeled, but the coffee table obviously wasn't cleaned- cup rings and smears were seen, but the maid knocked and entered right after we checked in at 4:30, so maybe she was coming to clean it... I don' t know because I sent her away. We had a nice dinner with our family friends at Regale...it was fine, like Olive Garden. The best part of any of our visits is to hang with Monte at the Jester's Lounge. He has been there since Excalibur opened, and is always a wonderful host. We always make a point to see him when we go to Vegas, even if we stay somewhere else. Go there and said Liz and Scott from Los Angeles sent ya! Also, check out the Atomic Testing Museum on Flamingo Blvd...worth a trip and sponsored by the Smithsonian.	
Jul 23 2009 	Good stay but not what I expected	The Excalibur was a nice hotel with a lot of amenities for the kids. A bit pricey to go below and take part in the carnival amusements and Sponge bob ride. Figure it would be better set up. Did not attend a dinner and show based on the $200 for a family of four, probably a good show and well worth it but a bit pricey. The hotel itself has lot of restaurants and fast food to get through out the day and night. They are not over priced but average. The restaurants and buffets are the typical Vegas prices about 18 buck an person and no kids options. The rooms are okay leave something to be desired. Had a tower room wide view. Great view of the roof and partial view of New York New York. Make sure you look at the elevators they have like 8 together but the ones on the right as you approach are the 2-8 while the other side is the rest. Little confusing and slow at first. Very crowded in the morning to use the pools and getting breakfast. Get out early and enjoy to much crowd and everyone pushy when it come to getting on and off the elevators. The room it self was spacious for the beds seem smaller than Queens, but that is what was advertised. The bathroom was okay but very little hot water and the temperature fluctuated form hot to cold with out touching the nob. If you bring your laptop be prepared to pay. Most Vegas hotels are like this but some are over priced and unless you plan on a multi-day stay not really worth the price. The most difficult thing was parking. Unless you pay for valet parking you could find yourself hunting for parking for a good 30 minutes. We ended up out in the parking garage a good walk from the hotel. I would stay again but definitely not my first choice.	
Jul 23 2009 	Excalibur - no no no	OK, so I'm on business and need a cheap hotel - that's exactly what I got. Having walked around most of the neighbours, it's quite clear this place is in need of some considerable TLC - or preferably TNT !Room looked tired and very downbeat - nothing vibrant about it at all. Shower was tatty and the furnishing from the 1970s I think.As someone who doesn't smoke, the public areas were very smoky - considerably more so than other ones I went into so I think something needs to be done there. The pool area again was OK, but not a patch on others. Good things - well Dicks bar can be quite entertaining and the house band was very good. Drinks are expensive and menus very limited. The spa was good at at $20 a pop tends to remain quiet which is a plus for me.Overall a dingy place with vgery little appeal compared to its' neighbours the Luxor and Mandalay - but I guess you get what you pay for?	
Jul 22 2009 	gone down hill	this used to be my go-to hotel whenever i went to vegas (2-3 times per year) but they're slacking recently. my room was clearly not vacumed before i checked in, nor was it dusted (fairly thick coat of dust on every surface, including nightstand and table). i had to call and ask for washcloths.they also now charge $20 for a mini fridge (im diabetic and need to keep my meds cold) ans $14 for one day of internet access. valet was full the entire time of my stay (saturday-tuesday). the only parking available was far out back past the parking structure.the pool closes at an unreasonable time, 7pm, though they do have a nice 18+ area! the casino is very tight with pay-offs these days. the prices in the cafe's and other eateries have shot up also. seems like they're losing money and trying to make up for it by skimping on services/cleanliness and milking the customers. PS: if you do stay here, don't bother paying extra for the &quot;upgraded tower&quot;. all that means is granit counters in the bathrooms (no tub, just shower) and a bigger tv.	
Jul 20 2009 	Clean friendly staff good location	The main hotel area is not as luxurious as some of the others, rooms were clean and well serviced, The Spa was nice but expensive. There is a rail link between Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Excalibur to the MGM but absoloutly no signs for this in the Excalibur. We were hounded by what we thought was Hotel staff selling time share with offers of free shows etc. Poker room is all automatic, no dealers which took away from the game, overall we got great value for money but when we go back we will be staying at the MGM, which is more luxurious and very central and close to all amenities	
Jul 19 2009 	Nice hotel	Good hotel for the price. Rooms were clean and spacious. Pools were very nice. Staff were friendly. Not impressed with the buffet. Unhappy they did not provide free wireless internet. Bathroom not designed well - especially with young children (sinks high, unable to reach toilet paper holder, no shelves in shower to put items). They do have a food court area with a few choices. Game area downstairs, but rides were expensive.	
Jul 15 2009 	No Complaints - Right Price	We stayed at the Excalibur for 5 nights at the end of April. We stayed in the upgraded widescreen room. The bed and bathroom were nice. The tv was nice...except there was only about 7 channels with poor reception. The air conditioning wasn't working the first night and when we called maintenance, they were up in a few minutes and fixed it. The location on the strip was fine. We spent very little time in the rooms, and in the hotel for that matter. Valet parking was convenient. Would definitely recommend.	
Jul 15 2009 	Fun Packed Hotel	I stayed at this hotel in March this year for 7 days with my son and brother. After rejecting the first room given on the ground floor, we were given a room with a safe in it, but had to pay an extra 20 dollars per night, but it was worth it for peace of mind.The excalibur is a very busy and noisy hotel with lots going on. The buffet was good value and the food was edible with plenty of choice.The rooms were spacious and cleaned every day. I would say for a few dollars more you can get a much better room on the strip, however, we were not disappointed with our choice.We used the monorail, but found the convenience of the 'deuce' better value to get around. There is so much to do, the time flies.I am not a gambler, but even I struggled to do everything that I wanted to do in the week I was there.This was my second visit to vegas and I love it. The first time I stayed off strip at the Gold Coast which was fabulous and such good value for money. I am planning to go back again, but will probably stay off strip as it is a bit better value for money and a bit quieter and there are free shuttle buses back and forward to the strip.	
Jul 14 2009 	A great deal	I work in a luxury New York hotel and was a bit scared to book this hotel, however our stay was great. We tipped the front desk agent and were upgraded to a Tower II room which was clean, nice, w/ a big plasma tv and a great view of the pool. There isnt a night club here, but you can easily walf to any number of hotels including the MGM or Luxor. The pool area was great and I was happy to have an adult only section.	
Jul 14 2009 	Good location and value best for families with children.	I went to Las Vegas July 6-10 to attend a conference at Mandalay Bay. Since I was traveling solo, I decided to save some money on the room and stay at the Excalibur. I was in the remodeled Tower II. The room had ordinary hotel decor with large flat screen TV. The bed was very comfortable and the nonsmoking room was really nonsmoking. Overall, the room was adequate and a good value. The casino had $5 tables and craps, unlike the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. The casino was smoky and needs a facelift (carpet did look clean). I took the free tram or the people mover every day to Mandalay Bay for the conference. I ate in both the cafe at the Excalibur and at the Luxor for breakfast; the Luxor was best. The Luxor also has a good buffet. Overall, the Excalibur was convenient and a good value.	
Jul 14 2009 	A Resort Fee? You gotta be kinding me!	They charged me an extra $5 a night for a &quot;resort fee&quot; saying it is mandatory to offer the services that they do. I thought that was what the price was for. My stay was only $29, so $5 increased the price by about 18%. Also, it is the principle of the thing. Hotel managers listen up. If you are going to charge something automatically to each room, then it is not fair to exclude that charge from the advertised price.I should also mention that there was over a half hour wait to check in, the staff was not friendly, and it was over a city block from my car to the elevator that took me to my floor. The only this place has going for it is location, but there are better hotels nearby.	
Jul 13 2009 	soso!!!!!!!!!!	check in was ok. the frontdesk clerk was very nice, the timeshare people didnt bother us to much, we just walked by them. the room ok, floor was not vacumed very well, i made the housekeeper next door come back in and vacum it again.. parking does suck, and a long walk to tower 1. maybe would come back again if i stayed in tower 2	
Jul 11 2009 	go elswhwere	This hotel is not one of the better hotels, I would recomend another hotel. It is very loud confusing layout and the underpaid bartenders really are rude in particular Hout at the Lounge near tower II, My boyfriend and I walked away feeling upset . If your spending alot of money to visit Vegas spend it somewhere else. Thank you for reading this review.No matter what hotel you stay at take alot of money for food and water :)	
Jul 10 2009 	Happy with my first stay	I played at the electronic poker tables at Excalibur during my first Vegas trip in December so I decided to stay there this time. I paid $29/night for my room. At check in I slipped a $20 in my ID wallet and asked if they had any complimentary upgrades. She made a call and told me they would upgrade me (to a Widescreen Tower Room). She handed back my ID and the $20 and then asked &quot;oh, is this for me?&quot; I told her it was and thanked her for her help.The room was better than expected. It overlooked the 4 pools and the parking area. I liked the fact that there was an 18-and-over pool and it was not very busy. The queen size bed was VERY comfortable. I had originally booked a king but didn't really care. The widescreen tv was nice and the furniture (dresser, table, 2 plush velvet chairs) was functional. The A/C was loud when I arrived but I turned it to Low and slept well.My only real complaint is the window coverings. There is a blind over the window that leaves gaps along the edges. The curtains are decorative and do not cover the window. I tucked them into the sides of the blind to cover the gap. It still let some light in but didn't wake me up. I just thought it was strange.The hotel was very quiet. The elevators were a little slow. The time share people did not talk to me once. I heard one guy tell another guest that they &quot;have deals for families with children&quot; or something to that effect. They did seem to be approaching families a lot.Overall this was a great stay and I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great of the price	I have stayed here twice and both times I paid about $110 night to stay in the Jacuzzi suite. With the upgrade the hotel was very nice. There are much nicer hotels on the strip, but I have found some of the best deals here. I do however recommend to get the upgrade. I have seen the knights show about 3 teams. To be honest it is very historically inaccurate and cheesy. It however is a relatively inexpensive show and it is fairly entertaining. Just don’t go in there with high expectations of seeing anything remotely realistic. The location of the hotel is good, but not great. It is on the strip, but it is a good walk to a love of the more popular locations. With all of this being said it is a good place to go if you are trying to save money. I however would stay away from most of the restruants in the hotel, they do not compare to the other places on the strip. I ate at the buffet once and I would not do it again even when it is free.	
Jul 8 2009 	Don't fall for the cheap room rates!	I recently spent 5 nights at Excalibur with my husband. We knew that it wouldn't be the best hotel on the strip because of the price, but we certainly expected more. The towels were good quality and the view from our room (Tower 2, 23rd Floor) was nice (overlooked New York New York). The hotel is on a helicopter flight path, so helicopters fly by constantly. The pool was nice and not very packed on the days that we went. The location on the strip is great.The widescreen upgraded room that we booked was not very renovated - the fixtures, bathroom, etc. were all very worn. The carpet was awful too. There were crumbs on the floor when we arrived. The shower door came off and fell on me when I showered one morning and after reporting it to several people and getting no response, I figured nobody cared. I just called and spoke to a manager about it again today and all I got was &quot;sorry&quot;. Don't look for impressive customer service at this hotel - I don't think they care if I ever come back again, or how many people I tell my story to. There are plenty of better hotels (even on a budget) on the strip!The hotel doesn't have much of a casino and the food choices are not very enticing. The dinner at the Tournament of Kings made me sick, but the show was pretty good (Vegas corny). Valet parking was full every time that we tried to park (at various times throughout our 5 night stay), so we were stuck parking far away in the self park garage/lot. Watch out for the timeshare vultures - they get you as soon as you walk in and every time they see you after that. Some of them were downright unpleasant when I told them that I was not interested in their promotions. The spa left a lot to be desired as well. Okay, it was disgusting. The showers were dirty and littered with used sanitary products. Lots of kids, but still plenty of partying adults. One night we had a lady screaming outside of our door for half an hour or more before security finally showed up. After all this, the hotel didn't even offer to comp one of my cheap room stays, dinners, shows, or anything. Crappy Vegas service! They will promise you comps for visiting their timeshare property all day, but not to make up for a horrible experience that you had to pay for - BEWARE.	
Jul 7 2009 	Perfect for a few days of relaxation	We stayed in a very clean tower room, which had been remodeled to a widescreen room. Very spacious and overlooked the pools. Pools were wonderful with the water slide open for the kids. My 7yo daughter loved it. Sherwood Cafe was ok but overpriced. Buffet was great but buy at $25 all day pass &amp; save a bunch of money by eating your meals for the day there! The Tournament of Kings show was spectacular and worth the money. Gambling was so-so but enjoyed the walkways and monorail to Luxor and Mandalay Bay. Shopping was great. Only complaint? The time share people are everywhere and hassle you every chance they get! Would love to stay here again. Was so relaxed from the days by the pool that I didn't want to leave.	
Jul 7 2009 	Do not stay here!!!	Dingy hotel!! This hotel offers discounts for a reason - they need people. It was dark and dreary. Rooms were dirty, wall paper in room was coming off, carpeting was lifted and the walls are paper thin. Deepest pool is 3 1/2 feet and it closes at 7:00. There is no micro, mini fridge or coffee pot in room. We booked through an agent so we did not do our homework. I recommend you do yours. At the end of the trip I needed to print boarding passes and we were charged $5.00 per pass to be printed. I do ot recommend this hotel.	
Jul 6 2009 	June 25-July 1st 2009	Check in was pretty smooth, small line but went very quick. Our check in clerk would not even entertain the idea of an upgrade, so we didn't press. Maybe it is because I got the room for $29 on the weeknights and $57 on the weekend he didn't feel we deserved it - ha. We were immediately accosted by the annoying Time share folks, after six days of this we got very good at avoiding them. First appearance of the room reminds you of the 70's, quite outdated and even though I requested non-smoking I am not convinced that is what we got but we were not disappointed overall; especially for the price and location. The room started to take on a moldy smell but we were hardly in the room so we didn't let it bother us. I will tell you that you might want to pack earplugs like we did, the air conditioner is VERY loud and you can't control loud people in the hallways. The earplugs were a lifesaver. The casino was fun and I made money there a few times. Cocktail waitresses are hard to flag down but it was like that at most casinos we visited. If you play poker like we do, never had any trouble getting drinks at the poker tables at Monte Carlo, Excalibur, Harrah's, Osheas, Venetian, etc. The Monte Carlo was by far our favorite poker room as the staff is very friendly, service is great and the bathrooms are right there. The pool which I only made it to once is very nice and does have one adult only area, although most of the folks were very newly of age I believe. I am 37 and felt quite old as the twenty somethings challenged each other to handstand competitions.....but the pool area was nice and drinks were reasonably priced. That leads to another topic - children. Why on earth would people think that Vegas is a good family vacation? I am seriously confused by this...most of the kids we saw were running without supervision, crying or yelling. Not to mention dodging drunks, smut cards advertising bill boards, gambling and go go dancers - how about Disneyworld or a cruise instead? Seriously I have children so I get the need to get away, but when I go to Vegas my teens get to hang with Grandma and when we do a family trip it is to the coast or a cruise. As far as food goes we only ate McDonalds, Baja Fresh, Krispy Kreme and Starbucks and all those were fine for a quick grab. Also the Dog and draft at the bar for $2.50 made a great mid-day snack. We ate at the Luxor buffet several times and the one at Monte Carlo and both were very good.All in all we had a wonderful time and the Excalibur was a great place to stay. The price is right and while not fancy it certainly serves it's purpose. I would stay there again. I think next time we might aim for the Monte Carlo just because we spent a lot of time there and it puts us further down the strip.If you have any questions for me, feel free to ask!!	
Jul 5 2009 	Excalibur great bang for $	Picked this hotel as kids stay free and 2 water slides at the pool. Booked through Allegiant out of Fargo, was a great deal. When first booked in we were in old tower, room was outdated and did not seem clean. Booked rooms with parents to help with the kids and they were 10 floors away. Went back to front desk as parents room had crickets in it some alive still, room must have just been sprayed. Got switched to the newly renovated tower and a joining room no extra charge, at first they were going to charge, but everyone who was checking in was getting upgraded so just make sure to ask, sometime twice... casino was not the best, food courts, food at the pool was real good and lots for price. Pool was real good for the kids and great break for everyone. Would stay there again.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great Stay	My friend and i stayed at the Excalibur from the 24th April 2009 for 7 nights, our first night was not a good experience but this was not the hotels fault. We had a 9 hour flight so all we wanted to do on the first night was get some food and a shower then hit our beds, at about midnight we were awoken to lots of screaming and shouting from a group of noisy teenagers we asked nicely for them to keep the noise down only for the volume to increase and then doors began to slam, i am not the most tolerant of people and espically when i am woken up so i then called security and the noise decreased only for it to do up again a hour or so later this went on all night. when i went to the reception the next morning to ask to be moved i was told it would cost me $60 as this would include an upgrade i said i would pay, the receptionist went away then came back and said it would be free of charge as all the noise we had encountered the night before. This was a nice gesture on the hotel's part, the room was lovley and clean and very quiet the maid service was prompt and cannot be faulted. In Vegas you do alot of walking but this suits me as i love to be outside and there is so much to see and do, the food was great and i must say my favourite place to eat was the Harley Davidson cafe.Overall Vegas is a great holiday i loved it and cannot fault any service i recieved there i returned to the uk on Saturday the 2nd May, on Sunday 3rd May i had re booked to return.One thing that made me laugh is there was a homeless man sitting on the path with a sign that said 'Why lie i need beer' i had to give him a few dollers just for the honesty.If you ever have the option to visit Vegas you must go,i would give the hotel 10 out of 10 on everything.	
Jul 2 2009 	Great hotel for a great price	My girlfriend and I stayed in this hotel for our first visit to Vegas recently and it was way beyond expectations. We were rather worried that it received some poor reviews on here prior to our holiday, but we could barely think of any negatives. The only slight negative would have to be the location, but all it takes is to walk over the NYNY walkway then over to MGM and you can access the monorail up and down the strip. We stayed in a widescreen room for a great price and it was very clean and comfortable and had a nice tv. The casino floor was good and the pool area was very good and has four different pools as well as spa facilities.I would definitely consider staying here again and would definitely recommend to friends.	
Jul 2 2009 	Good and Bad	Stayed at tthe excalibur because we had a 2 night room comp in a widescreen room, $25.00 free slot play,2 free spa admissions, 2 free midway games, and $25.00 a day food credit which was not honored because i had a cash deposit and you need a credit card so you can charge it to your room. The check in line was long and she told me I could of went to vip to be checked in which I did not know.i had to wait 20 minutes for her to check about getting my food credit. the supervisor just said oh well her name is denise and she should be fired as she was rude. I hope they don't pay her too much cause she's not worth it. Talking about rude i ordered a coffee and tipped the cw a buck and she ripped it out of my hand. I did not experience any friendy workers!!!!!!!!! the slots were fun finally I was able to play for a little while while as most casinos sucked up the money. The spa was okay enjoyed the steam room. Excalibur my only advice to you is get new friendly workers.	
Jul 1 2009 	NOT what I expected for only $34!	We arrived at the Excalibur Las Vegas on a recent Wednesday night, hence the cheapo rate. It was for just one night so I didn’t expect much beyond a bed and a hot shower. Imagine my surprise when we opened the door to a mini-suite of sorts complete with hot tub and a million dollar view of the Las Vegas strip from our 24th floor. The coolest part was that the hot tub was tucked inside the turret, so I felt like a queen waving to my subjects from the window. Warning: the window opens to the wide open sky, so do not stay in one of those rooms if you have small children, pets or people with mental issues. That said, all I can say about the rest of the room is “eh.” The furniture dated back to the 1980s complete with faux wood, and the lighting fixtures were probably original to the grand opening of the hotel, about 20 years ago, with the cheesy medieval dungeon look. I was hesitant to sit on the upholstered chairs, but the room overall smelled clean, and the bed was definitely clean and fresh. The bathroom was clean as well, and as good as it gets for the price. I am sure this room is one of the last of the old rooms as The Excalibur is in the process of refurbishment and with a view like we had, this room will go for a LOT more per night before long.	
Jul 1 2009 	Not just about a great deal but a great stay!	Long weekend with hubby 06/28/09-06/30/09. Upgraded to Widesecreen King Spa Room #14201. The spa rooms are not frequently booked, so not exposed to as much traffic as the other widescreen rooms; $70 additional per night to upgrade and well worth the $$. The list is long of resorts we have stayed on the Strip. Our favorite remains THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. However, the room and deal we received on upgrades at Exalibur proved a fantastic choice for us this go-around. The spa jacuzzi in our room was huge and mutually enjoyed by myself and my spouse. The bathroom in this upgraded room is much larger than the basic widescreen rooms, granite countertops, hair dryer, makeup mirror (all normal Vegas 4-5 resort amenities). The shower had been re-tiled and the grout was a brownish color, which at first glance was concerning as it appeared dirty. It wasn't. The room was immaculately cleaned, and I am a germophobe, so to say that is a great compliment to the housekeeping and maintenance staff, who were tipped accordingly. Our king bed was very comfortable and sheets were changed, although we were only there 2 nights. We reserved a cabana at the adult-only pool. This was the key factor in choosing Excalibur rather than THEhotel this visit, as the cabanas at Mandalay Bay are very pricey. We were charged only $80 for a cabana at Excalibur, and were allowed use of a $20 coupon provided to us at check-in, so the end cost was a mere $60 from 9am to 6pm for the cabana. Julio from Spain was our cabana boy and he did a fabulous job hosting. He checked in on us numerous times through the day and was a joy to have around. We generously tipped Julio, as well as our server, who made sure we had everything we needed at all times. We consumed many cocktails at the pool and recommend the Bahama Mama! We ordered lunch from Drenched through our server and they promptly delivered our order to our cabana. Drench provided fresh and delicious food, and total cost for lunch was under $20 for the 2 of us! We purchased some bath salts at the poolside spa to use in our room spa jacuzzi, and again prices were much lower than expected in the spa for products and services alike.The adult pool at Excalibur's pool complex of 4 separate pool areas, which were all open and used, was a great atmosphere. Good music, very attentive servers, a laid back and relaxed vibe, and not at all over crowded. The water was nice and cool, the pool and pool area very clean and well maintained. Having a cabana was icing on the cake and allowed for an enjoyable day at the pool, with a place to be shaded and lounge around in between getting wet and sun bathing. An awesome retreat with fruit basket, stocked fridge of juices and bottled water, plenty of towels, plasma big screen TV, raft for the pool, and a personal cabana host and server! Highly recommend.Excalibur can certainly be done on a budget, with fast food available in a food court upstairs and rooms on the cheap if you have budget restrictions. However, if you do splurge and spend the extra for upgrades and extravagances, you will find that with all those upgrades purchased, you will have spent less than you would at THEhotel on the room alone. My husband indicated he would not hesitate to book at Excalibur in the future, given what we got for the money we spent. If the resort as a whole was along the line of what we experienced with our upgraded room and cabana experience, Excalibur would easily be rated 4-5 star. They should update their casino and restaurants, upgrade Tower I, and add a little class to the atmosphere that may possibly draw a slightly classier base of clientele, which would be an enormous improvement.Gambling at Exalibur left a lot to be desired, as it does tend to attrack less experienced gamers because of the low table limits, which is an enormous annoyance to me. I witnessed a nasty comment and glare at a blackjack table by a player when another player hit 15 and the dealer was showing a Jack. I tried to bite my tongue, but had to point out that it was the right thing to do and there is such a thing as gambling ettiquette, which other experienced gamblers who know what they are doing expect from mutual players. Ridiculous, but not worth another breath. Gamble somewhere else - problem solved! Lots of people who probably should not have been gambling in the first place! Did not eat at any of the restaurants on site, as we had plans at other locales, with the exception of one breakfast at Sherwood Forest Cafe which was above average in price and quality. Recommend Kahunaville at TI and Tacos &amp; Tequila Mariachi Sunday Brunch and 2 for 1 margaritas at Luxor; both visited on this trip and both exceeded expectations in food quality and atmosphere.Last, but not least, I feel the need to address the ongoing debate of bringing your kids to Vegas. Simply put - DON'T! Vegas is not an entertainment destination for children - PERIOD! People who bring their small children to Vegas need to research destinations where general theming is not targeted to adults around alcohol, gambling, sexual content, adult humor, and the fact that the majority are there to get away from kids. Nothing irritates me more than dropping $100 on a meal and having to endure crying children the entire time because their parents don't understand or care that they are BORED and TIRED and TICKED OFF because they've been in that stroller for 12 hours. It's a shame and I feel so sorry for those kids. Those parents don't even get it! If there is one thing that Vegas could improve upon, it is the fact that there is an enormous demand for adult only resorts on the strip. I don't understand why Wynn or MGM properties haven't tapped into that yet. You should at least have that option in Vegas and I think it would quickly prove to be extremely profitable. I would definitely pay more for a child-free Vegas experience.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great Value	Great hotel on a budget, rooms a good size, clean and staff friendly. Location on the main Vegas strip near to all the shopping and nightlife. A trip to the grand canyon is a must!!	
Jun 28 2009 	All right has gone downhill	My trip to the Excalibur was a mixed bag the entire time. First I wanted a King instead of two queens as I was traveling alone. They did not have my king room so I asked if there was any other options. The clerk said I could upgrade to the Widescreen Tower Room and get a king bed. I asked if I could do it at at the promotional email rate that I signed up for (the promo had tiers based on the types of rooms). She said yes. I was then charged the rate I signed up for with an additional room upgrade cost, rather than the promotional rate (works out to ~$30 more).When I called to rectify this situation, I was told &quot;The clerk didn't switch your promotion, so I don't understand what you're talking about. The clerk did not do what you say she was supposed to do.&quot; Obviously.Next, Excalibur charges $13.99 a day for internet and its absurdly slow. In 2009, when bargain hotels that have rooms that barely go over $13.99 have free internet I find it absolutely absurd that a resort hotel is unable to offer it.The upgrade got me a widescreen TV in my room which was completely worthless. Out of about 20 channels you can go to with your hotel remote, 10 of them are English speaking TV channels; not one of them is close to high definition or broadcast for widescreen. The rest are in spanish or are the hotel menus/vegas promo channels. Again, the Excalibur is being outdone in service by the Super 8.The noise level was pretty high, but I relent that its vegas and that happens. My room overlooked the pools, which is neat until 9:01am when they start blaring Ricky Martin and other bad 90s pop music and you can hear it over the cranked AC.The bed sheets were ripped, there was stains on the comforter and the underblanket in a supposedly &quot;upgraded&quot; and &quot;remodeled&quot; room. The difference is not worth it.I loved Excalibur as a kid, and aside from the fact that their poker room is all electronic tables (no dealers, all computers) I enjoy the casino and the atmosphere on the floor. The room and the staff however has made me unlikely to ever stay here again, which is truly sad as it is one of my fondest memories growing up. Had I of taken the promo at the other hotel up the street I would've actually saved money after the upgrade fiasco, stayed in a better location, and had a better room. Lesson learned.	
Jun 28 2009 	Good bargain for families would stay again.	FAMILY FRIENDLY:Since we were traveling with 2 young children, a big goal of ours was finding plenty of entertainment for the kids. Excalibur had it. Fantasy Faire downstairs of the lobby had carnival midway-type games and Chuck E Cheese type games, so the kids were thrilled to stop there anytime. Plus, we got a lot of buy-one-game-get-one-free coupons from the aggressive time-share hucksters upstairs. (I don't mind listening to their sales pitch for a minute or two to see what freebie I can get. However, they are all over and as pesky as flies, so some people might be very annoyed by them.) The pool area was also a HUGE hit with the kids. The pools are large. One pool had 2 waterslides and 2 waterfalls, which we all enjoyed. Another has a large shallow area for the very young kids (and adult tanners), with 2 jacuzzis right next to it. A third pool has a water cascade across one side, which you can stand in front of and get a nice massage on your neck. :) I think there was also a fourth pool thet we didn't see. It may have been an adults-only pool. Overall, the pool area was THE HIT of our stay- very family friendly. The only downside- the pool hours are only from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., which mystifies me.THE ROOM:We booked the cheapest room, but at check-in, I asked for a free upgrade, and we were immediately upgraded to the flat-screen room in Tower 2, which would have run an extra 20 bucks a night, so that was awesome. I'm not terribly picky about hotel rooms, and I'd say the room was adequate. The plusses: bathroom was roomy and recently upgraded, with a huge granite counters. A/C unit also had a lagre granite countertop for extra storage. Dresser was roomy enough, TV was good, the room was fairly clean, the linens were good, housekeeping was good. Nice view of New York New York and some of the Strip. The minuses: Only a shower, no bath, and the bathroom grout was dirty, which gives me the creeps. Carpet was kind of worn, and the beds were made with only sheets and a very light blanket, no bedspreads. We had to ask for extra blankets, which housekeeping brought within half an hour. Though the room was mostly quiet, you could always sort of hear the sound of the roller-coaster next door.THE FOOD:We tried the fast-food on location- too expensive and not very good. We tried the all-day buffet one day, and weren't terribly impressed. It was just okay. The only offerings that were really tasty were the sushi and the fish. The main thing the buffet had going for it was that it was cheap. To be honest, I think the next time I stay here, I'll bring a mini-fridge and microwave, and hit the CVS or Walgreens for canned/frozen food and cereal. (Or rent a fridge, because I think they provide them for an extra fee.) The free drinks when gambling and the drinks by the pool were pretty watered down.THE SERVICE:Hit-or-miss. Check-in and check-out lines were HUGE, and it was a slow weekday. Took 30 minutes to get to the front of the check in line. Check in girl was friendly and efficient. Help desk girl was not. Cocktail waitresses were mostly friendly, with one exception. Restaurant staff was so-so. Dealers were mostly friendly and informative, though a couple had the personality of cardboard boxes. Tip- save yourself some hassle and use the self-checkout, which takes 5 minutes, rather than checking out at the desk, with its 45-minute line.INTERNET:They charge extra for in-room internet usage. Or you can go to the Krispy Kreme above the casino floor and use the free Wifi there.LOCATION:Pretty good. Free tram to Luxor and Mandalay Bay, which has the Shark Reef attraction. Walkways to New York New York and MGM Grand. Decent walk to Bellagio, long walk to Ceasar's, very long walk to Treasure Island. DO NOT, under any circumstances, make the mistake we made, and think you're going to walk from Excalibur to Circus Circus. You can do it, but it will take you an hour and a half in the desert heat. (In fact, Circus Circus is pretty much a dive, so not sure even the Adventuredome mades it worth the trip.)OVERALL:A good experience overall. Next time we will definitely bring/rent our own fridge/microwave because we spent most of our money on blah food. But for what we paid, we got a great, fun, hassle-free vacation at quite a value.	
Jun 28 2009 	Excellent location and good value for money	Stayed here June 14th to June 26th. This is our second time in the past year we have stayed at the Excalibur. Our vacation started with a $16 taxi ride from the airport and upon checking in we were given a free upgrade to the brand new refurbished rooms in tower 2 without even asking. We stayed in tower 1 in december 08 and were not disappointed. However, in all honesty, our refurbished tower 2 room, complete with 42 inch plasma and overlooking the entire pool area was more plush and more pleasant. The decor and furnishings were tastefully done. Hardly spent anytime in the room but pleasant to wake up in. The maids cleaned the room and prepared fresh towels every single day. Tower 2 is the best location for the pool, fitness suite and spa. The excalibur has 4 pools and one of them is adult only so no screaming annoying kids allowed. The hotel was advertising a $25 all day buffet so we tried it and were impressed. You get a wrist band and can eat as many times as you like. We had a huge breakfast, left the pool at lunch to revisit for a salad and fruit and a few glasses of juice and finished the day with a nice dinner. There was always a long line paying to get in but you bypass the line and enter via the vip entrance when you are wearing an all day armband. The hotel has an excellent location next door to the new york new york hotel and right outside the mgm hotel. The excalibur is the perfect launch pad for your activities on the strip. We walked everywhere on the strip and hardly relied on the deuce bus which is a good thing because people must lose a couple of hours every day stuck in traffic or waiting in long lines for this very busy bus service. To sum it all up, excellent hotel, perfect location, great value for money and well looked after.	
Jun 28 2009 	You get what you pay for!	We stayed at the Excalibur for $31/night. They upgraded us to a $56 large screen TV room which was nice. This is not your fancy Las Vegas hotel, but we had heard it's one of the friendliest for families. Keep in mind you are going to Las Vegas. There are still vulgar pictures and t-shirts and posters everywhere. And, the closer you get to the weekend . . . the dicier! Show girls dancing on platforms beginning on Friday afternoon. Show girls with very little clothing. My teenage boys were impressed, but we tried to avoid this as much as we could!!! We purchased the meal deal of $25 All you Can Eat Buffet for a day. This was $100 for the four of us, but this saved us alot of money as we were finding meals sort of expensive in the restaurants. The buffet is not great quality food, but it's a good variety and did the job!	
Jun 28 2009 	Great Place to stay	Between the dates of 10 June - 24 June 2009 I stayed at the Excalibur Hotel. Before I booked I looked at some of the reviews on this site and was not sure whether to book this hotel. Well I can tell you I did and was very happy I did so. On arrival to the hotel I checked in straight away and was upgraded to the Widescreen room on 25 Floor (at no extra cost), overlooking the pool area. The room was very clean and tidy. The hotel has been looked after very well. Also it has one of the best buffets on the strip. All you can eat, all day (07:00 - 22:00) for $25.00 each. The food is also very good. The only thing that I could not understand was why the pool was only open between 09:00 - 18:00. After this time you could not even sit outside by the bar area in the evenings. The only thing I could come up with is that they want you in the casinos. Anyway the hotel is in one of the best locations and has walkways to Luxor, MGM, New York New York. The food and drink is priced well, but like all the hotels you can expect to pay between $5.00 - $10.00 for a beer at the bar. The Excalibur does have some good deals on drink in there shops such as 2 beers for $6.00. Because this is a three star hotel things are slightly cheaper here. Whilst in Las Vegas I went to every hotel on the strip and if I was to come back I would still pick this hotel again to stay at. Also I booked this holiday on last minute.com and only paid £1400 for 2 adults flying with Virgin (Direct Flights) from London Gatwick. This also included the hotel for 2 weeks (not bad). : - )	
Jun 26 2009 	Great place to stay	Great value friendly helpful staff clean room nice view the casino was very nice and was easy to find your way around , I would recomend eating at there 25 dollar all day buffet very good food wide variety and when you get the 25 dollar all day pass you get an armband and you can shop or sightsee all day come back anytime you want and eat	
Jun 26 2009 	FIND ANOTHER PLACE TO STAY	The service on the floor was awful.Where was the waitresses.An the time share peolple were bothersome.The buffet sucked.Wasn't worth the time or money!!!!	
Jun 25 2009 	Great Value for Money	Fantastic sized room in Tower 2 overlooking New York, New York. Probably not the swankiest on the Strip, but an amazing base to experience Vegas. Nice pool as well.	
Jun 25 2009 	Had a great time! Skip the buffet though.	I'd rate the Excalibur a hidden gem. As others said, overall the hotel is old and a bit outdated compared to others on the strip, but the rooms were very clean and comfortable, with nice linens and pleasant service. I have stayed at some of the &quot;nicer&quot; hotels on the strip and enjoyed the experience, but next time I think I'll go back to Excalibur. A great location: it's connected via walkways to some of the newest and funnest hotels (MGM, Mandalay Bay, NY/NY). More importantly, it's within short walking distance to some important amenities for a budget-conscious traveler: Walgreens/CVS and a convenience/liquor store. Excalibur's atmosphere was relaxed. The casinos were low-key but fun. The pool was terrific. It wasn't glamorous by any means, but it well taken care of and well stocked with lots of chairs and towels. The pool was a relaxing place to hang out and not at all a &quot;scene.&quot; BTW, Excalibur offers an adults-only pool for those of us who are not on a family vacation. Last but most important! Unless you have kids or have a seriously dull palate, avoid the Excalibur buffet like the plague!!!!!!!!! I am not picky and love a bargain, but after one day, I could not bring myself to eat there again. Very disappointing. The food was pasty, bland, and warmed over. Think no-name frozen macaroni and cheese and microwaved pizza. Worse, they served the same yucky food at lunch AND dinner. Just don't do it. Follow the advice of a person we met who stays at Excalibur all the time: have breakfast at Luxor, lunch at New York/New York and dinner at Mandalay Bay. You won't be sorry!	
Jun 23 2009 	Great for families	Enjoyed 6 nights with family group of 13. This is a GREAT VALUE hotel, not 5 star, but definitely not a dump. Kids loved the four swimming pools!!!! Complete with slides and waterfalls. Spa was a good bargain with good facilities. Hotel has everything a family needs: buffet, restaurants, arcade, shows (must see Tournament of Kings!!!!). Pizza Hut, Quiznos, McDonalds, Krispy Kreme and Cold Stone all on site! Location is great for South end of strip. If you want to enjoy the whole strip, be prepared to walk, even if using monorail.	
Jun 23 2009 	Its ok for first timers on a budget but not really the vegas expierience.	I have been to Vegas about 6 times and have stayed at MGM , NY NY, TI, and Monte Carlo. As a whole Excalibur is not in the same classs as where I have stayed before. The newly renovated Wide Screen room was very nice so if you are going to stay here make sure to book in Tower II as I have heard horrir stories about Tower I. The pool and work out facilities were nice but the casino was real smoky and had no ventilation. Nice for a kid freindly hotel huh. Ihave always tried the buffets at the hotels I had stayed at before and decided to do the same at Excalibur. It was the worst buffet I have had in a long time. the food was greasy and had very little selection. I expected a lot more for $ 19.00. Overall its was an ok stay for the price $319.00 for for 4 days. I would return here if I get the same deal and am traveling alone.	
Jun 22 2009 	Decent hotel for the $$	I wasn't sure what to expect since Excalibur is one of the older strip hotels but was surprised to find it was a decent hotel for the price.We stayed for an average of $40 a night, over the weekend using a promo code. Luckily we were upgraded to Tower 2 free of charge, so this was the newly remodeled &quot;Widescreen Room&quot;. The room itself was average size, nice new big screen tv, comfy beds and brightly colored walls. The bathroom counter has been redone with granite counter tops, but other than that the rest of the bathroom was in need of an upgrade.Overall the hotel is fine although I did find the carpet to be a bit dingy and there were some stains on the window curtains. The lobby was clean, as was the casino but I found the elevators to be a bit dirty.Strip access is not to good, this bugged me as it was a pain to get outside. I also prefer to be down by the Mirage/Venetian because those hotels are more accessible and there is more to do. But if you like MGM, or NYNY than there ya go! Overall, decent hotel for the $$ if you are on a budget. If not, try the Mirage or Treasure Island!	
Jun 22 2009 	Great Value Great Location Just Great	When you get there if someone approaches you and is too friendly walk away, it's for timeshares, unless your interested...We Stayed at the Excalibur mostly for the 1/2 price medieval dinner theater tickets, but it turned out to be a great place. We arrived at 10am and were worried about checking in, i called ahead and asked if they would hold our stuff, they said sure. When we arrived they checked us in right away and so we were ready to hit Vegas by 11.They have a buffet that is decent, not the best but you don't go to Vegas to eat healthy, we got the $25 eat all day deal one of the days and it was worth it, you get a wristband and you don't have to wait in line (and the line can be nuts) you can visit as many times as you want, highly recommended.The only thing that sucked was the best part of the pool was blocked off, so the rest of the pool was quite busy	
Jun 22 2009 	Decent hotel for a budget.	We stayed at Excalibur for our honeymoon in Vegas. We picked it because my husband had stayed there before and we were traveling on a bit of a budget and he was happy enough with it before (besides, you're barely in your room anyway!) It's a decent hotel for the price, close to the action of the strip and connected to everything. We stayed in the older, more run down tower, but it was ok. There were quite a few families obviously, and there isn't much in the hotel to draw you to stay. It's very much a family oriented hotel. My biggest complaint is the people from Vacation Village and Tahiti Village who constantly bombard you with solicitations the moment you walk in the door. Before we had even checked in, we were whisked away by a rep from them and it was really unclear immediately if they were with the hotel or not, which they aren't. My advice is to head straight to check in and tell those people NO THANKS. It's really unfortunate that they are allowed to bother hotel guests like that in Excalibur and other lower priced hotels. If I was Excalibur, I would never ever let them do that, let alone give them an area in which to do it. By the end of your stay, you are so tired of being asked &quot;Do you want free show tickets! Are you married! Hey, are you staying here? HEY COME HERE YOU&quot;, you are just rude to them.Anyway, the hotel was dated, but OK. The view from our room was pretty neat. Our mattress had a big unsightly red stain on it, which in Vegas could be a lot of different substances. We thought about asking for a different room but I decided I didn't care and just dealt with it. Still, they should probably replace that mattress. Ew. Other than that, everything seemed clean. The king sized bed was nice. The TV only gets like 5 watchable channels, so we watched a lot of CNN. The service was OK. The maid service seemed to be efficient when we had it. The front desk was quick and gruff. Baggage storage was OK, but everyone always seemed to awkwardly pause and stare at you for a tip. The hotel charges a &quot;resort fee&quot; which I didn't really understand. We were charged $27 and then $5 a day, and she didn't explain it very well other than to make sure we signed for our &quot;coupons&quot; which included stupid crap like $5 in free slot play and a couple of free well drinks. Oh boy. The location is OK. We ended up taking the monorail or Deuce down to the middle of the strip usually. If you have the resources to, I would probably suggest staying more in the middle, but it's not that big of a deal. I thought the monorail was ok for the times we used it (to get from Excalibur to the Sahara quickly), otherwise I liked the Deuce a lot. It's very tourist friendly, though $3 for one trip is kind of a lot so in the future I would get the 24 hr pass. Also, the high speed internet is really expensive. Krispy Kreme has free wifi. Overall, the value for what you get in this hotel makes it worth staying in if you are trying to do Vegas on a budget or save your money for experiences rather than hotel amenities. I probably won't stay here again because I hope to travel the Vegas again in the future when we're more financially stable and I want to stay in a cooler hotel, but I wouldn't tell someone to avoid it.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great value for Las Vegas	2nd time to Las Vegas and 1st time at this hotel. For around $50 a night for an updated room you cant go wrong. My only suggestion is to have good walking shoes and get the Bus pass not the useless monorail pass. We were there only 2 nights but maybe 3 or 4 would have been better to see everything. If I was going to stay in the STRIP area I would stay here again for the value, but I will probably stay in the Fremont Street area next time. Shopping and food available in hotel. Gambling was okay but never saw waitresses for comp. drinks. Used a lot of the coupons in the coupon book for free drinks and games. Valet was a bit slow but they were busy.	
Jun 18 2009 	For That Sleazy Vegas Experience	This place is big and the service is impersonal and slow. It felt like an accommodation factory, more so than any other hotel I’ve ever stayed at. The rooms themselves were good - our group had 4 rooms in the tower that has recently been renovated and all were comfortable and clean and everything worked. There is a children’s game area on one of the floors which the teenagers enjoyed (&amp; it is good training to play the gambling machines when they get older!)The public area is dingy and has an odour of stale cigarette smoke. The smell is so strong it made one of our group feel nauseous. We didn’t experience this smell in the other casinos we went into.Excalibur charges for services that are usually free in hotels. Eg the rooms have broadband internet access but there is a charge of $14 per day if you connect to it – this is normally complimentary. There is also a mandatory ‘resort fee’ so you even pay for services you don’t use, don’t want or would like to use but can’t because of the conditions attached. I think it would more honest if they just included this charge in the room rate.At the time we booked, Excalibur’s room rates were among the lowest for a casino on the strip and on balance we got what we paid for. It was sleazy, but what else would you want when staying in a town whose industries are gambling, phone sex and public drunkenness. I am the only person in my group of 7 who would stay at the Excalibur again. If you want elegance or glamour it is not for you.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great for all ages	Lets face it, when you go to Vegas, you won't be spending very much time in the room. So who cares if the the rooms are a little outdated? This hotel still has everything you need: it's probably the cheapest on the strip, the employees are courteous, &amp; the rooms are incredibly clean. Its the best deal around. Sure its not super fancy and doesn't have the amenities of the Bellagio, but if your going to Vegas to have a good time, want to stay on the strip, and just need a place to rest your head at night, this is the perfect hotel for you. On the opposite end, if you will be spending a great deal of time in the room, want marble floors, granite countertops in the bathroom, and egyptian cotton sheets, look elsewhere. Excalibur is great for families, college kids, and basically anyone who doesn't want to pay $100 more a night next door at New York or Luxor.	
Jun 17 2009 	Good value	Our first time staying on the Strip and we were happy with what we got with our money. This was just an overnight and so we didn't get to really use the facilities. The room for 4 of us was rather small and dark. There was also a lot of noise from the corridors during the night. Don't expect any coffee or tea making facilities. For the cost I would recommend it if you are on a tight budget.	
Jun 16 2009 	Your first gamble in Vegas is will your room be ok.	I first stayed at the Excalibur in the early 90s shortly after it opened and I have stayed there several times since but on this last visit the room I was given had the hardest bed I have ever not slept on.I have not been that uncomfortable since I went camping in Death Valley and my airbed deflated.	
Jun 16 2009 	Look forward to staying again! A good choice for budget with many amentities!	My husband and I stayed at Excalibur on June 6th thru the 11th...and aside from some money we lost..we had a great time! We read Trip Advisor for months before we left and this site helped us make an informed decision. Maybe this can help you.We stayed in tower 2, 26th floor, room..maybe 559? (26559)..It was a request of ours to have a pool side view so we would have easy access to pool entrance door. We did have a great view and could see where the sun was (Mostly everywhere! Just what we wanted!) and the shade was(not much except if blocked by building or a few trees early in the am) and the empty chairs were. If you are in tower 2 and above the 18th floor, you have your own set of 3 elevators. Those of us that were &quot;on the higher floors&quot; (there are 28 floors..) entered the elevators marked floor 18-28. Self explanatory. The others, floors 1-17..Our elevator was quick! No waiting for the first 18 floors to get on and off. We never waited more than a few moments.The pool itself was visited by us everyday of stay between 9 and 10 am- we typically left between 11:30 and 1:00. &quot;Drenched&quot;, the pool cafe and bar, was very good. We shared a turkey club sandwich that came with our choice of waffle fries(or other options) and some fresh fruit, such as grapes and pineapple. The food was good, served quickly, ample amounts and reasonably priced. ($9.00 before tip)..we also had the Bahama Mama drink 2 days, served poolside by a waitress/runner..($9.00 as opposed to $14.00 our friends paid for same drink at Bellagio)- First day was VERY good..second one,, just good..not as slushie. Be patient with the ladies as they are taking care of 4 pools.Pools do open at 9:00 a.m..but the larger pool, first out tower 2 door, opened at 10:00? (Maybe 11:00) Read the sign..we always headed to back pool on left..adults, over age 18. (with signs and WAS ENFORCED during our stay) Several adults were politely asked to use 1 of the other 3 pools for their children, Most chose the waterslide pool. At this pool (the adult), there was a wading/walking/cooling off pool of 10 inches connected to a 3 foot pool in depth. Hot Tub was also located in this area. (There was another hottub at pool in front of this one) Most pools seemed to be at least 3 ft something..There was top music playing. Not trashy, not full on rock or rap but mostly toe tapping up to date stuff. Lots of American Idols played, we noticed..even Kris Allen from this years show, new song, was played! Not a boring pool at all. Nice cabanas (they were offering on Thursday of our stay, a price of 60.00, as we overheard to a patron) Large flat screen TV, ceiling fan, fridge with juice and water, rataan outdoor cushioned sofa, coffee table, table and 2 chairs and sun loungers directly in front. They seemed very nice!There was also access to bathrooms, and outdoor showers. Their was also a small shop with bagged snacks, magazines, books, bathing suits, towels, hats, purses, cold drinks..just to name some, right there at pool side!I mention the pools a lot in this review, because during the summer, we wanted a nice but not overcrowded pool, but hopping too, not &quot;old fogey&quot; type stuff. For us, it was perfect! It was a nice mixed crowd, not full of kids as we have read. Young and Old alike, enjoying the sun and the water and refreshments-. (they did close at either 5 or 6, depending on day of stay)The casino had all games and slots that we needed..I even hit some for above $100.00-$200.00 on a 30 cent credit!! More than 1 time! Husband lost his shirt most days at craps, but had a good time (a least a &quot;shirt&quot; HIS size..maybe not the right size for some, apprx $100-$200 a day). Good crowd playing, he said. Pit boss asked on last night if there was anything he could for him (my husband). He requested late check out be arranged. and low and behold..it was DONE! No charge for a 3:00 check out, ($25.00 normally) and arranged for 1 day stay comped for us! We appreciated it! It was not very smokey to me..I am a non smoker, husband is a smoker in garage or outside. I thought Flamingo was worse than Excalibur anyday! Drink service for me at the slots was sorta slow to non existant a couple of nights, but at the tables..flowed easily!The casino itself does have many things to offer various aged visitors.. Downstairs is an area for kids and kids at heart, with carnival games and video games, stationary rides, the Tournament of Kings (we could see the horse stables from our room!)-- Main floor casino offers Dicks Last Resort Rest and Bar, Baha Fresh (which was great and reasonably priced).. Sherwood Forest Bar (Hotdog and draft beer for 2.50 with player card! It was good! Beer kinda tiny though, not a 16 oz), Sherwood Forest cafe- 24 hour restaurant HOWEVER, not known to us until we came back to Excalibur at 2:30 a.m. and was going to grab an early breakfast..they CLOSED at 2:00 according to the small billboard sized sign at entrance of cafe.. we ended up at McDonald's upstairs! At the entrance of each tower, just by elevators, there was a coffee, water,muffin, sandwich counter offered, (although hubby went down at 4:30 am to get a cup and they were not opened yet- again, went to McDonalds (that YES, it does have the 1.00 menu!)We stopped in the &quot;Lounge&quot; a couple of nights- bands played each night- karaoke earlier in 1 evening- good sounds from there with live bands- no charge!, Tasteful music- 1 of the female singers had auditioned for American Idol and let out the Jennifer Hudson song: And I'm Telling You, from Dream Girls..the little gal had a good set of pipes!and Yes, at the party pit (table games), near Dicks Last Resort, was a gal dancing, I am guessing starting in late afternoon..(Never saw this in midday or morning)- Was not bad, but I am pretty liberal and it IS a Las Vegas Casino and there ARE other entrances!An escalator ride to the next level placed you in the food court area, with the Italian rest, the Steakhouse, the Buffet..non of which we ate at this vist but look forward to next time. Yes, the buffet was 25.00 a person, eat all day- (Patrons wore wrist bands of different colors each day), the Italian offered 20.00 3 course meal, all you can eat salad and breadsticks, and the steakhouse a 25.00 special also..there was shopping at a convenience store, an Everything is 10.00 store, a clothing store or two with reasonable prices..and a food court, some of the ones I remember were Quiznos, Pizza Hut, a Cold Stone Creamery, I think..and of course, McDonalds! (There are other things up there, I just don't remember them all)At the front castle entrance there was a &quot;Pearl Factory&quot; store, which, last yr, my husband chose some awesome pearls and we had them mounted to necklace pendants- also, a convenience type store there too! A Game, to give a prize for guessing your weight or age..the Bar selling certain drinks with the souvenior glass, and 1-2 days we were there, a gal taking pictures at a fee, under a flowered wooden arch. Must not have been too badly priced, many were doing it!The front desk checkin, at 3:00 on a Sat was great! About 8-10 people on the line checking us..went quickly, professionally, and with no mistakes or errors. We left our bags on check out day, also No problem, tipped at least a buck per bag- was efficient and correct the first time!There was no long stays in the hallway of trays or food. There were some that were there a few hours, maybe, but were picked up soon after!and what really made our stay even more enjoyable, was our housekeeper, Elsa...I believe! She was fantastic! Pleasant, smiling, happy and can you believe this.. THANKED us personally when we saw her in hall for a tip we left her. We typically use housekeeping every other day for stays of 4 days or more..she was on it! If we left the room by 9:00 and returned by noon, it was done! Cleaned and restocked with towels, as needed. Follow the directions and place towels in shower if needed to be changed, and they were replaced! (there was an extra set under bathroom vanity behind ice bucket, if needed! The shower stall was big enough for two. Nice wall mirror, solid surface counter, makeup mirror to pull away from wall. We never had a problem with drainage, the shower head, water pressure or HOT water. Was never a problem! It was not perfect grout and tile work, but was not &quot;gross&quot; by any means- the wall papaer was older, and not in perfect condition and the 1 main thing I missed in the room, was a full length mirror! Gotta see what the shoes look like with the outfit!The safe worked great and was part of the &quot;5.00 a day resort fee&quot; we were made aware of when booking (and received 2 drink coupons, 2 fitness room day passes,and 2 midway games for &quot;no charge&quot;)- I did not see fitness room, got enough walking in!! nor did I see or use the spa..but I did see the water massager in the hall on the way to pool. Sorta wish I would have tried it out! Iron and board in closet- our room offered 5 hangers, but no pant clips on them, but did have dry cleaning papers in closet available.We got pizza coupns placed under our door each day- the room service book is in room and on the TV station. Wish one of the channels had been the Weather Channel but was able to get most weather from Today show local breaks- 2 additional channels were Excalibur channels and Vegas channel. Maybe about 10 more? The room was clean- no coffee maker as in MOST ALL casino hotels on strip! Not a surprise- we packed one and took with us- a 5 cupper..ice on each floor easy to get to. King bed and bedding were fine. Table and 2 chairs, air conditoner worked just great! Window opened a crack, about 1-2 inches, just to stick your hand out and see &quot;How hot is it?- Dresser and night stands were good. Table lamps offered plugs in them for our phone chargers. The was an internet connection in room with instructions and cost which we did not read or use or need. I had read there was NO deadbolt on door..NOT TRUE. It is built in handle..once door is shut, turn handle UPWARD for deadlock engage! We did use radio/alarm clock/ mp3 player/charger several times...worked fine. Great Location-for us. We would take duece from in front of MGN or monorail from MGM if needed- although the walk thru MGM TO the monorail is hideous! HA! Might as well walk to Flamingo again for all the ground covered!We liked heading across the walks to NYNY or Tropicana easily- Easy walk to Hooters behind Trop. Picked up cab from Hooters to Ellis Island one day- 5.00- 6.00 bucks maybe..Free Shuttle to Hard Rock Cafe beside MGM..used that! Monorails to Luxor and Mandelay Bay free...never had a problem getting a taxi at Excalibur!Overall, we will stay again! We think for the money they charged us per night, what we are willing to pay, and the services offered at this casino/ hotel on the strip, we made a great choice for us! It could be a great choice for you too!	
Jun 16 2009 	Wonderful	We were on the 17th floor, clean room, friendly staff. Great security in this hotel, the security folks checked ID's before going onto either tower. We were in tower 2. The check in staff at the desk were fast and friendly. The room was cleaned and housekeeping came everyday. Room service was quick. Bathroom had a shower the size of my entire bathroom at home. I was worried about the other reviews and since I have bad sinus issues, I was really worried about the smoke, but I had no issues at all!We would stay there again. You are right on the strip, food was okay, but I could not eat the buffet everyday, but other choices are available. The only one thing I have to say would be I wished the pool opened later than 6pm. This is really a great value, especially if you have young kids. Other entrances are avail to the hotel, so if you come in late, children do not see the bar scenes. We did not bring our kids or husbands but felt totally safe and secure.	
Jun 15 2009 	Better than we thought	We stayed in Tower 1, we knew it hadn't been updated like Tower 2, so we weren't expecting a palace. Room was clean, yes it could do with an upadate but, stay in Tower 2 if you want to pay $20 more a night for a modern room. On previous visits we had stayed at the Sarhara. After booking the Excalibur were slighty concernd after reading reviews but, you get what you pay for! For the same price as the Sarhara, bar a couple of dollars, it was great. Pool was brilliant, loads of sun loungers, towels and music. Spoke to people staying at New York New York - pool not great there - very small and no sun shineWord of warning - don't go on the timeshare visit....even though we saved over $100 on show tickets, I'll never get back the 4 hours (yes, 4 HOURS!) we spent there. The Reps are constantly asking you to do it as you walk through the doors! Overall, if you to Vegas on a budget stay at the Excalibur!	
Jun 14 2009 	A good base to explore the strip at a very good price	We chose to stop off in Vegas as a jet-lag buster on the way from Sydney to New York.It was a great choice.We reserved a basic room at the Excalibur over the internet, but when I asked for a low room at check-in we were upgraded to a &quot;Widescreen&quot; Room in Tower B. It is a convenient location if you can ignore the tasteless tacky decor on the public floors of the casino - we just walked through as fast as we could - either to the Luxor for better quality food offerings, or out the walkway to New York and MGM at the south end of the strip. Pool area is excellent - there were more lifesavers on duty when we were there than people in the pool. There isn't that much shade though. Both check-in and check-out were efficient and the housekeeping on our room was acceptable.	
Jun 12 2009 	Would definately go again!!	Just a quick note about the Excalibur Hotel on the strip in vegas, it's cheap (average price per night was about £45), it's clean (tower 1 of the hotel is quite dated but still clean and tower 2 has been refurbished and is also clean). There are not as many kids around as some of the reviewers on here say and the staff are pretty helpful. Only complaint was it was difficult getting served at the bars due to not enough staff.I would definately stay here again and would recommend it to anyone!	
Jun 11 2009 	Would never stay here again!!	The outside looks nice but when you get in the rooms they are very old and not updated. The beds where very hard and uncomfortable. The first day I took a shower, I noticed the water was not going down the drain very fast, the second day I showered the drain completely got clogged up and my friend was not able to shower!! When I called room service they transfered me 3 times to different departments so I could tell them what my problem was. An hour and a half later of my Las Vegas fun time wasted they had barely gotten in there to try and fix the problem(by the way the flooding in the shower made the whole room smell like $h!t). While we were waiting, house keeping went in to &quot;clean&quot;. They just folded up the comforter and adjusted the pillow and threw out the trash. No CLEANING!! They did not change our bedding, or clean the floors! They ended up changing us to a different room down the hall. As we moved all of our things out and were going from room to room (with our belongings), a family was already given the room that we had JUST walked out of. They had a room key and were trying to get in to a room that was UNCLEAN! AND WITH A DRAIN PROBLEM! one of my frieds said that the last time she stayed here, she had rain problems as well. This hotel is disgusting!	
Jun 11 2009 	Excalibur 2nd time - Just as great!	We stayed at Excalibur from May 25 to 29th, this is our second stay at Excalibur and fourth trip to Vegas! I miss Vegas and long to go back and would stay at Excalibur for the 3rd time if I had the chance. We flew Alliegant Air direct from GR, Michgian - good flight now only if all flights could be direct - I guess I'm spoiled now! Caught taxi from airport to hotel, directed the driver to take the strip, I don't think he liked this gesture since he overcharged us by $3.00 for the trip - live and learn, LOLCheck in was speedy, arrived around 11:00 Vegas time - attempted the $20 trick but the nice man behind the counter refused our money and upgraded us to a strip view room. We originally booked the upgraded rooms in tower 2, which I recommend, the first trip we had no view except of the concrete towers but this time our room faced out to Tropicana Ave and we had perfect view of the NYNY roller coaster and MGM. The room was a room, the only thing I can complain about which many others have is it would be great to have a small coffee pot in the room. I have no complains on the room or service, I read that some noticed room service items being left in the hallways for days, but I never witnessed that. We are not gamblers but this time we registered for a players card and did a small amount of gambling (dropped less than $50), I do not have lady luck in my corner so I gave up. LOLWe ate at Diablo's at MC, Pink Taco at Hard Rock Hotel &amp; Casino - out of the two restaurants I preferred Pink Taco over Diablo's for food quality and service quality. We rented a cabana at Excalibur on a Thursday $80 - well worth it however that day three of the poolbar servers called in and that left three servers for the entire pool area - luckily we discretely packed our own &quot;beverages&quot; to mix at the pool cabana. The cabana offered much needed shade since it was 97 on that day.I didn't find that the common areas at Excalibur sticky or smoking, not more so than any of the other places (however Tropicana smells like throw - up). The Party Pit is a bit interesting (I don't find much offensive) but the scandalously clad dancers might be too much, the hotel is trying to fit themselves into the Sexy part of Sin City but also try to bill themselves as kid friendly - unfortunately they can't be both. We saw Anthony Cools at Paris - this is a must see but if you are offended by anything to do with human sexuality or the like I would pass - my husband and I are not shy and have no problems with F bombs - Again a must see Did the wax museum - okay I know cheesy but in the other three times out there have never been and wanted the experience - IMHO the museum is not worth $25 and I wished that I would have waiting to get tickets there versus online since their website offers $10 off. We are not club/bar people so I can't comment on that. All in all my trip was FANTASTIC and I LOVE Vegas more and more each time I go out there.	
Jun 10 2009 	All flash no substance	While it's still one of the most gorgeous casinos on the exterior, the overall experience at Excalibur is less than satisfying. The gaming area itself is ok, but the staff is very rude. More than once was I asked to show ID by waitresses, and not one time did they ask in any sort of a pleasant tone. The service in general is relatively poor. Our room was one of the newly renovated &quot;HD rooms&quot;. However, when we entered our room, our blankets had holes in them, our pillow sheets were stained, our chairs were torn up, AND the toilet was busted. Not to mention that they only had 1 set of towels and washcloths for a room of 3 occupants. While most casinos have happy and upbeat staff members, the Excalibur's staff would barely make eye-contact with us and kept speaking to a minimum with no excitement in their tone of voice. Some things about the Casino are pretty cool. It has a few cool little souvenir shops upstairs by the food court. The food court itselfs offers a wide range of meal choices, from fast food to all you can eat buffets to steakhouses to top-level restaurants. Another cool part of the casino is the newly refurbished pool area. Relaxing at the pool is a perfect way to relax after a long night of winning big (hopefully!)!Also, for those with families, this is one of the most kid-friendly casinos on the strip. There's a snack bar right next to a big slots area so parents can play a little while still keeping an eye on their kids. There's also a huge carnival-style arcade downstairs complete with Carnival Games, Skeeball, Multiple HUGE Crane Machines, an arcade, and a 3D motion picture theatre.What saves this casino is it's already-mentioned AWESOME location. With walkways that connect directly from the casino to both the Luxor and NewYorkNewYork, as well as being nearby other casinos such as Mandalay Bay, MGM, and Monte Carlo, the Excalibur is a good choice for those who are just looking for a bed to call it a night on so they can have more money to gamble.If you want that glamourous Vegas casino, however, Excalibur is not it.	
Jun 10 2009 	very good hotel	excalibur is very good value for money. the location of the hotel could not have been better, is next to luxor, shares a corner with new york new york, tropicana &amp; MGM what more could you ask?The hotel is very clean, Staff helpful,The restaurants are good value too. The sherwood cafe is really nice for breakfast as is the buffet.There are fast food places if you preffer such as Macdonalds,ect.Entertainment is non stop, tournament of kings is a great evenings entertainment for all ages with a good meal included in the ticket price. We stayed there for 5 nights at the start of our trip in tower2 the room was lovely with everthing except a coffee maker, so take a travel kettle ect. our second stay for 1 night prior to our flight home was in tower1. very disapointing room, it smelled damp when we opened the door, decor,bed covers and beds were old, the A/C very noisy,T.V was old compared to the large wide screen LCD TV in tower2 rooms.If this had been our first stay, it would have been our last.So insist on a tower2 room and you will not regret staying at this hotel. for transport there is a duce bus stop at the side of the hotel the bus runs up and down the strip and downtown every few minutes. 7 dollars for a 24hr. ticket great if you are not rushed for time, hop on/hop off all day and evening if you like!	
Jun 9 2009 	The fairy tale castle at Excalibur contains good value but don't expect The Venetian...	I have stayed at the Excalibur several times. The best part of this hotel is: 1) Location-it is connected via tram to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay and is adjacent to New York, New York and MGM Grand; 2) the price (I paid $35 Canadian Dollars ($30 U.S.) plus taxes (mid-week) and got a free upgrade; 3) Cheap food, and 2 free drinks (with coupon at check-in); 4) Pool has been expanded and has some of the cheapest Cabana rentals in Vegas (starting at around $80); 5) the resort fee (most hotels in Vegas now charge an extra 'Resort Fee' of $5-20 a nite)- the resort fee here is $5 (cheap). A great tip is to book this hotel on hotels.ca rather than hotels.com-that way you can take advantage of the currency difference between the Canadian Dollar and the U.S. Dollar (as there often is) and save $$. As long as you know what the currency difference is...why pay more??I usually always get a free upgrade to a renowed room with a flat screen for free mid week, just for the asking (I like to slip the front desk guy $10 just to make sure).The hotel is definately for value seekers and people on a budget, but it's fine. KEEP IN MIND THAT THIS IS STILL ABOUT THE SEVENTH LARGEST HOTEL ON THE PLANET EARTH (4,008 rooms), so a few unlucky people will get stuck with a crappy, dirty room, but the vast majority of us will do really nice by the Excalibur.When I am looking for value, I will definately be staying at the Excalibur again and again. When I want high end, I will stay elsewhere (and pay for it, too). All in all, a good choice for Vegas on a budget.	
Jun 9 2009 	No Problems to Report!	I had stayed here before and not had a problem so deicded to go back. Check in was easy and we booked a Wide Screen Room so we were in tower 2. The room was spacious and comfortable. Some parts hadnt been dusted in a while but thats not a big deal for £38 a night!! We didnt eat in the hotel but we did go to the pool a few times which was packed, actually the only negative thing was that a little girl started drowning in one of the pools and even though there are 3 to 4 lifeguards around each pool, my girlfriend and the kids dad had to jump in and save her. The lifeguards didnt move and inch which was a bit scary! The concierge lady was helpful and helped us book our helicopter tour. Nothing too bad or too good abut this hotel, its in a decent location, its cheap and cheerful and has a good atmosphere in the casino.	
Jun 9 2009 	Wonderful place for Vegas stay	Just returned from 5 days stay at Excalibur. Very impressed with rooms, etc facilities and general layout. Service good in all aspects. Location at South end of strip very good. In-house show Tournament of Kings worth seeing - typical American slant on King Arthur &amp; the knights. Should we return again to Vegas would definitley consider staying at this hotel again.	
Jun 8 2009 	Much Better	We stayed in tower 2, they remodeled this tower, and it is very nice. When we stayed with them 3 yrs ago we had a HORRIABLE time, so they comp our stay. If you plan on staying here, I only recommend tower 2 ( the new rooms). But I have to comment on how disappointed I was, they have an area inside the hotel, were half naked girls are dancing, and the smell cigarette smoke, so If you have kids with you beware, very smokey and dancing girls.  We ate at the Sherwood cafe, it was OK. We went to the tournament of kings dinner it was great, and the food was good. Our last morning we ate at the buffet for breakfast , it was really gross, don't wast your time or money there.We used the tram to get around on the strip, no problems at all, we went to fremont street, I thought it was a disappointment, the show was really bad, but it was neat to see all of the old casinos.The Excalibur made good for a bad experience, and because of that we will return,(tower 2 only).	
Jun 8 2009 	Good for young people and stag and hens otherwise avoid!!!!	I have given this hotel two stars, one for the location and view from the wide screen upgraded view room and one because it is so cheap and if that is what you are looking for then you won't get better but be warned! This hotel is rammed full of young people, stags and hens partying, the weekend here was appalling it improved a little after that, I stayed 4 days in total. The casino area was darker, dirtier, smokier and seedier than any other hotel I entered in Vegas. The machines and music were the loudest we encountered and the whole hotel which was vast actually felt claustrophobic. The pool area had banging out dance music and chart music all day and was rammed, again of young people drinking.There was the residue of where someone had been sick in the hallway when I arrived and it remained there 4 days later. There were two glasses left outside an adjacent door when I arrived and they were there when I left. Our room was well maintained but the sheets didn't fit the bed so they untucked the second you lay on them, not great for a good nights sleep.I was with a group of 18 ranging from late 20's to late 60's in age group and we all without exception hated this hotel. If you can afford better then take it because unless you are here to party hard too you'll feel depressed returning to the Excalibur.	
Jun 7 2009 	I would never recommend this hotel to anyone!!!	The room was dirty, not all the electrical outlets in the room worked (a big problem when you have things you need to charge- or if you paid someone to come to the room to do hair/makeup but they have no where to plug flat irons/curling irons into; when maintenance was called- they told us it did work?? There was no bathtub- just a shower stall. The pools closed at 6pm......what??? We are in the desert!!! When we asked about it- we were told it was because the local kids were still in school. The waitresses at the pool (we went 5 out of 6 days) were all rude, would go out of their way to not bring you anything....and the pools were filthy!! Not only did it look like they hadn't vacuumed the pool for a few months- there was mold growing in the corners on the stairs!!! Never again!!!!	
Jun 7 2009 	Excellent Value Decent Rooms	My wife and I stayed from May 16 till the 21, and had a very positive expierence. Yhe check in was a little depressing-we were given a room that was not made up by house keeping. But after a quick trip back to the reception desk, we were given a new room, and our upgrade to tower 2 was free.I would definatley suggest tower 2 rooms- they are spacious and clean and easy to get to. Last year we stayed in the Luxor, a cool place to be in, but it seemed like we had to walk for miles to get back to our room. I found that Excalibur was far more pleasing than Luxor.As for the food, the price was great, and there was always something that was appealing. Vegas has so many great places to eat, and we found that we ate at other casinos often.The Pool area was great as well!I enjoyed the Excalibur, and would go back again.	
Jun 6 2009 	Live it in Vegas	Stayed with friends for 4 nights 3 days in Excalibur whcih is conveniently located on the famous strip. Close from airport and easy check in made us spend more time in casinos and exploring the city. The front desk helped us in booking tour to hoover dam which was an exhilarating experience and combined the visit to chocolate factory.the buffet at excalibur was sumptous as well as the restaurants inside the casino hotel. considering the size of the hotel , room service and elevators were good.Will go again once i get a good deal	
Jun 5 2009 	Great Value Location Nice Pools	Just got home from staying at the Excalibur. Stayed in Tower 2, but met some folks staying in Tower 1 and they had a very similar room to ours, so not sure if they are slowly renovating that side as well. We paid $20 a nite for an upgrade, but after seeing their room, we would have been happy in it. The rooms were nicely upgraded, large bathroom - which is great for 3 gals. The rooms aren't exactly sound proof though, you can hear conversations being had while walking down the hall, not to mention &quot;other&quot; sounds in the hallway. We paid $65 a nite and it was perfect. We weren't expecting a $250 hotel room, we were expecting a $65 hotel room and it was well worth the price. The hotel is as smokey as everyone says it is. After going through a large majority of hotels, the only ones that don't smell of smoke are the 4stars and better. It was tolerable, but we didn't spend much time in the casino there because of the smell.The staff was very friendly all around. We loved the pool area and spent 3 days hanging out by the pool. We rented a cabana for 2 days, which just made us feel a little bit more like we were on a vacation. Good value for $55 a day, with a bar fridge, couch and a fan to keep you cool. The poolside lunch seemed a little pricey, but it was money well spent as the food was good and plenty of it. The hotel is right next to NY NY which is awesome, the dualing piano's and Irish pub are a lot of fun! We never ate at the buffet in the Excalibur, but we did take the 3minute walkway over to Luxor and ate there, which seemed a wee bit better. All in all a great trip. The pool area, although not lush and tropical, was nice with 4 pools and plenty of chairs etc. Nice rooms, with great value (those complaining were obviously expecting a 5 star hotel at 3 star prices) Would stay here again for the price, location, friendliness of staff and overall experience. As mentioned by others, the parking was very easy for a Vegas hotel, fitness centre was remodeled recently, rooms were always cleaned and we did use the car rental, which was quick and easy.	
Jun 5 2009 	Would definitely stay here again.	We stayed at Excalibur from May 27-June 4, and we had a great time. We booked an air/hotel package through Expedia, with a standard (tower 1) room.Location: At &quot;the other 4 corners&quot;, Excalibur is at the heart of the Southern Strip, but still a lengthy walk from the monorail station at the back of MGM. Takes about 20 minutes to get from your room to the monorail-- and that's if you don't stop anywhere. Still, that's better than Mandalay or Luxor!Check-in: Check-in was quick and painless, and we used the &quot;$20 trick&quot; to get upgraded to a tower 2 widescreen room on the 22nd floor, with a great view of the pool. Avoid the advertised price of $20 per night; the tip works just fine. Plus, the entrance to the pool area is directly at the bottom of the tower 2 elevator; tower 1 guests have to walk a mile to get there. You can check out from your tv; any in-room charges will simply go on your credit card. They provide a drop box for keys. As for the timeshare salespeople, they're annoying as hell, but you have to remember they're just trying to earn a living. Just politely ignore them or say &quot;no thank you&quot; and they'll leave you alone. Still, they should NOT be allowed to approach guests with &quot;free vouchers&quot; just as they leave check-in, luggage in tow, and obviously visibly tired.Room: Rooms were basic and clean, and there is an electronic safe available for no extra cost-- great for storing your money/passports/etc. Very few channels available on the 42&quot; tv, but hey, who goes to Vegas to watch tv anyways? Although we were on a no-smoking floor, you could smell smoke through the hallways (but none in our room). A/C was cool and quiet.Pool: Pool area was large with 4 pools and lots of chairs; poolside drinks are VERY expensive ($7 for beer, $9 for cocktails). Save money and buy at the small store at the bottom of the elevator-- beer is 2/$6 and they're in plastic bottles, making them pool-friendly. Pool hours are from 9-6, however they only open 1 pool at a time, and it's usually 11:00 before all 4 pools are open.Food: Food at the poolside cafe &quot;Drenched&quot; is pricey, but very good. We didn't eat at any of the themed restaurants, most of our food was bought at various spots in the food court, with Manchu Wok being our favorite. Pizza Hut Express is also great if you're in a hurry.Casino: Large and definitely odd-shaped. Lots of low-limit table games and slots, but very poor drink service, even to good tippers. Better drink service can be found at any other casino within walking distance, and more than once we went next door to Luxor, where even penny slot players get good drink service.Other random thoughts: For location, cleanliness, amenities and price, Excalibur can't be beat. It doesn't offer the best of any one thing, but for $400 for 8 nights in a widescreen room, you won't do better anywhere else. The kid &quot;problem&quot; isn't near as bad as people make it out to be (try spending an hour at Circus Circus!), and the Party Pit dancers aren't any worse than what you see on MTV. No child will be scarred for life by this. We didn't see any of Excalibur's shows, so we can't comment on them (nothing there really appealed to us). Would we stay there again? If we get the same deal, heck yes!	
Jun 5 2009 	construction nightmare	ive just come back from the excalibur very dissapointed. i knew there was something being built down the road from reading the reviews of other hotels on the same side of the strip last month but thought that i would of been made aware that the construction was still only half done and it would disrupt my holiday. the hotel itself was dated and needed refurbishing. the only good thing was the beds. comfortable as they get. if your going any time soon i suggest the other side of the strip.	
Jun 5 2009 	Excellent value Excellent Location	The Excalibur may not be the glitziest hotel on the strip, but it is more than adequate in terms of comfort and quality, and gets my vote with it's excellent location and value for money.Its so easy to find, you can park within a short walk to the elevator to your room (try doing that at most strip hotels !), and you can walk from the hotel to a choice of several other casinos - Luxor, Mandalay Bay, MGM Grand, New York, New York etc.There are a couple of annoyances - but these seem common to many strip hotels - a poor choice of free entertainment in the room (less than a dozen watchable TV channels), and the &quot;resort fee&quot; now £5 per day. Even the hotel staff seem embarrassed by this charge, as they don't point it out when they get you to sign for the room, nor do they explain it on your final bill. That fee doesn't even deliver free internet (although getting free local calls mean you can use a local service provider for free if you are happy with dial-up speeds)	
Jun 5 2009 	Decent	Not bad for the price. Would stay again. Rooms comfortable but dated. Could use a facelift.	
Jun 3 2009 	Excalibur keeps gettting a bad rap for nothing its a great place to paly and stay.	The service I experienced was great from begining to end! I went to Vegas with my bestfriend for her 30th birthday! When we got to the hotel I was unsure of how it would be because of all the bad reviews I had read. But to my surprise it was a nice hotel! The front desk clerk was very helpful and friendly, our room was cleaned everyday with fresh sheets and towels. My room was in tower 2 with a widescreen and a strip view that we got as a comp upgrade just for asking. This hotel has it all, a good price, great location and something for everyone to do. What I liked the best about Excalibur was the fact that it was located in a great spot and then it was a cool hotel! I have nothing bad to say about my stay and I will stay there again on my next visit to Vegas. I think the people who don't like Excalibur are the one's who have champagne taste with bottle water money and are looking for much more than the are willing to pay.	
Jun 3 2009	Just right for everything you want and want to do in LAS	I have stayed in several hotels and motels in Vegas and find that the Excalibur is everything I want and need in this great city. First, it's location. You can walk over pedestrian bridges to the New York, New York, MGM, and Tropicana, or you can take a tram (monorail type) to the Mandalay and Luxor. A total of 5 major hotels within five minutes! Secondly, it's size. The Excalibur is big, but not so big that you feel dis-oriented or lost. (Try the MGM for that!) Third: a courteous and friendly casino staff. Fourth: value; a comparison will show that the Excalibur is more competetively priced than most major hotels in Las Vegas, and yet, they provide large rooms, great bedding, and small room amenities. Fifth: the dining opportunities; steakhouses, Italian fine-dining, a great buffet, and, if you don't want to blow your inheritance on food, a food court with a McDonald's, donut and sandwich shops, etc. (The Mickey D is especially welcome when you want a cup of coffee that doesn't cost $4.) Parking is very convenient; in my case, I could see my car from my room. By comparison, it takes over 20 minutes to access your car if you stay at MGM or Ceasar's Palace. My one complaint or recommendation is that the hotel should avoid penny and nickel charges to make up for lost revenue in these economic times. An elderly parent required a refrigerator in her room for medications and was told ther was a $15 daily charge - practically 33% of what she was paying for the room! To the Excalibur's credit, they removed that charge from the bill, nevertheless, I recommend that they review their policy of handicapped and elderly clients. If travelling with children, the hotel has great eye appeal, reminiscent of Camelot, yet, once inside, adults enjoy the atmosphere and features. Shows and amusements cater to all tastes and age groups: tournaments with medieval pageantry, night club shows, male dancers, game (strippers?), game arcade. The hotel has several large swimming pools. My complaint here is that there are no shady places to lounge around the pool - be prepared with lots of sun shade lotion.	
Jun 3 2009 	A Good Cheap No Frills Place To Stay	My wife and I have been to several of the hotel/casinos on the strip during our 5 vacations there and this time we wanted an inexpensive place to stay on the strip. Our vacation was over Memorial Day so the price for the room reflected the holiday. Our 7 day vacation cost $448 at the hotel. I had read in a review that one guest found bed bugs in the bed so we sprayed the matress and sheets before we stayed there. We did find hair on the top of the matress cover, but no sign of bed bugs. The furnishings in our &quot;upgrade&quot; wide screen room were very plain and not broken, but the adjustable height shower head would not stay where it was put. The room was a &quot;handicapped accessable&quot; room since I have a walking handicap and shower height and bathroom mirror were adjustable to accomodate a wheelchair level use. One very odd item was the soap dish was a made of a very sharp metal and I almost cut myself on it! We ate breakfast at the &quot;Sherwood Forest&quot; resturant where oatmeal was $6.00 and two eggs, sausage and toast with potatoes were $9.00. The food and service were very good. We have stayed at the Spa Towers in The Bellagio, The Monte Carlo, Mirage, and an other strip hotel I can't recall, but this was the least expensive so far. Our goal was to find a good cheap strip hotel and I feel we found it - if that's what you want this is a good choice.	
Jun 1 2009 	Noisy and outdated hotel with very comfortable rooms	We stayed 5 nights at Excalibur on the 8th floor of the un-renovated tower (we were offered an upgrade to the renovated rooms for an additional $20 per night). I was surprised how large our rooms were with 2 beds, plenty of floor space and a large bathroom. We also had a great view of the &quot;castle&quot; at night and our hallway was pretty quiet but the walls weren't completely soundproof. The room was immaculately clean and the high level of servicing every day was very impressive. The bed and pillows were really comfortable but I was disappointed with the lack of a bath and coffee maker. Those little comforts mean a lot at the end of a long day walking around. Unfortunately our air-con was on the noisy side so we used it sparingly. Our safe was also out of order when we arrived and when we called front desk they said they would send a locksmith asap. We went out expecting it to be done when we got back but in the mean time house keeping left a message saying they have a policy not to touch the safe without someone there (even if the safe is not in use). Though I applaud this policy you would think front desk would have known this as well. In the end we couldn't be bothered calling and waiting for the locksmith.The rooms were the only quiet part of this hotel, there was absolutely no reprieve from the slot machines, music, young party crowds and cigarette smoke; you're forced to walk through it to get in and out of the hotel. What annoyed us most was having to walk through the casino floor to get to the other tower where the pool was located. The pool was pretty crowded up until 5pm but thereafter there were always chairs available. Unfortunately it wasn't operating summer hours while we were there so it closed at 6pm (7pm on Friday night). The pool did have a good atmosphere but the water depth is pretty shallow so if you want to swim laps forget it.Basically if you're looking to relax don't stay at Excalibur but if you want to party I wouldn't go anywhere else.	
May 31 2009 	A Bit Tacky but a good value on the Strip	I have stayed at the Excalibur on 3 different occasions, including 2 recent visits in the month of May. Every time I have stayed at the hotel I have stayed in the older section of the hotel (Tower I). From what I have heard the newer rooms (Tower II) are much better but it is usually an extra $20 a night.Check In all 3 times has been fairly efficient and only a short line. Be forewarned though that around 1 - 2 p.m. the line tends to get very long. I have seen the line look to be about an hour long before. The older rooms (I have only seen a newer room, not stayed in it) are definitely dated. They are functional, but you can tell the rooms have been used extensively. You have very basic cable TV, which is obviously intentional because they do not want you to stay in the room. The beds and bathroom are nothing special, but they are clean, functional, and serve their purpose. The entire room area is functional and clean, but do not expect the Bellagio.The hotel areas and casino areas are a bit tacky but they do have some good blackjack games. Obviously like most Vegas casinos drinks are overpriced, but they have a good food court area with a McDonalds and Quiznos, which are a cheap alternative. The best value at Excalibur is by far the Roundtable Buffet, the food is very good and there is a good variety of food. You can get an all day buffet pass for $25, which for the quality of food is a steal in Vegas. You can also get a 2 for 1 deal from 2 p.m. - 6 p.m., which again is a great deal. I would definitely recommend the Roundtable Buffet.The pool area has been refurbished and overall is very nice. There are 2 pool area, fully guarded, and 2 hot tubs (surprisingly they are actually a very good temperature) in the area. Obviously being in Vegas there are also a couple of bar areas and a small restaurant, both look to be good. Pool towels are complimentary and they also have a fitness center which is incredibly nice and has a great view of the pool area. If you are into fitness I would definitely recommend the fitness area. Excalibur has spa services but I did not utilize these services.Check out was quick and simple, again no real problems with checkouts. The Concierge desk sometimes has lines but are fairly informative. One big negative, like most Vegas hotels, is that they have timeshare and other entertainment people at most of the entrances pouncing on couples and people who are arriving. Simply ignore them and they will not bother them, to get some good deals on shows and other attractions just get a Vegas 24/7 guide from the taxi.I paid $25/night, which is a steal considering Excalibur is right on the Strip and is convenient to New York New York, MGM Grand, Tropicana, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Hooters, and Monte Carlo. The rooms are basic and the casino is not the best, but the customer service is good, food is good, pool area is great, and for the rates they are giving right now, can not be beat. I would not pay more than $75/night to stay at Excalibur, but if you can get a room for less than that rate, I say go for it and enjoy Vegas!	
May 29 2009 	Good for price	Rooms are good size and clean. Staff at front desk were not very helpful with our requests as when booking we requested away from elevator they tried to put us next door to one. Also we requested to be put next to our friends they tried to put us on different floors even though book months ago. Be forceful with your requests to ensure you get what you want. We found casino was very smokie from last time we were there. Fine the pool area closes early even though was still very warm. Lack of shade in pool area.	
May 28 2009 	Great location bit tacky but fab pool!	I stayed here with friends May this year, and after a slightly slow check in, they were guided off to Tower 2, and myself and my boyfriend to Tower I - heed this word of warning, if you stay here make sure you book a Widescreen room in Tower 2; we ended up having to upgrade because the first room was so small, damp and had a view onto a lovely brick wall. It was $105 to upgrade, but that was for 6 nights so to be fair its not too much, and by god is it worth it! The second room was large, airy, and had a view out onto the strip; it was like being in a different hotel. The casino itself is not amazin, but for the price you pay I think its a great place to stay on the strip if your on a budget. The pool area is gorgeous, plenty of room and 3 huge pools, and there is also a fab mexican place to eat in there called Bajas - best burritos ever! If returning to Vegas on the same sort of budget, I would stay here again (in Tower 2!)	
May 27 2009 	Great hotel customer service not so great!	I stayed at the excalibur May 9-May 16. I went there to get married. That experience was great they really did a good job at making my day wonderful! As for the rest of the employees I think that they didn't like their jobs! Check in went good, we stayed in tower 2 the remodeled rooms were excellent~ way better than tower 1 rooms....for those that say the rooms are old and worn and not comfortable.....its because they are in tower 1....and there are specific floors devoted to the smokers and those floors do seem a little like a dungeon as are the rooms on them floors...(one of our guests stayed on a smoking floor). The casino itself was very nice but kinda small and to the others that post it is really smokey, I didn't think it was that smokey compared to other casinos...but hey! I spent a good amount of my time at our casino because it was good to me.,... thank goodness! The pool is very nice, newly remodeled there are four pools one has a water slide for the kids and you can rent cabanas for $60 a day, not too bad especially if you are with a group and can split the cost! Housekeeping was ok also, you have to tip them well if you want good service...our housekeeper kept making our beds with stuff in it them....i.e a book left on the bed one day was made into the bed....another day it was an article of clothing....that was a little odd. The maintenance department was also good...they came right away with any problems you had, down to needing light bulbs. The things that I had problems with were all customer service related:we were there for mothers day, I wanted to order room service for my mother in law: they wouldn't let me....said that they couldn't deliver food to someone elses room even if I paid for it under my room that they had to deliver it to my room only..... the italian restaurant was un accomodating to a large group and their food was gross! We had 13 people for dinner they put tables together for us and we literally had no elbow room at the tables at all.....then they wouldn't let us have separate checks had to have it all on one bill... then we all had to figure the bill out at the end which was very confusing... the service took forever...they try to give you the &quot;dining&quot; experience and after long days in vegas who wants the dining experience.... my kids were also with us and he was sleeping at the table! it took us more than 2 hours to have dinner and for the prices their food isn't good! If you are taking kids because they had kid friendly stuff to do....keep in mind the only cool thing for kids is the pool and possibly tournament of kings...we didn't do it but Im sure kids would love it. the midway is nothing like the picture on the website, it is very dated lots of the games aren't open or don't work.......it is more worth it to go to circus circus to their midway it was 100% better you feel better about wasting the money...haha!The steak restauant however had really good food, but once again the service is soooo slow! The front desk didn't really know what was going on.....we were supposed to have a credit on our room because i prepaid and the rates went down.... the credit was supp to be $20 then upon check in it was $14, and on the day before we left we decided to add on late checkout at that time we were told that the credit was $16.....so we paid the difference, a few days later we notice a 1....something charge from excalibur on our credit card....Overall I really liked the hotel and the amenities.... I would definitely stay there again, but hoping that the employees received raises or something to boost better service. I would assume that if the economy is down that they'd try to boost business any way possible and try to do small things to accomodate their guests....The convenience of the new york, mgm, luxor, and mandalay bay were really good since we had handicapped people with us so they didn't have to venture in the heat to see other things besides our hotel. Taking the buses to get to the northern end of the strip did save your feet some but the time it takes is sometimes not worth the rest! Ohh and the taxi's they will take the longest route possible unless you tell them otherwise...make sure you tell them to take the expressway if you are going anywhere other than down the strip. We took a taxi to the courthouse and back and it was 25 each way! you automatically get charged 3.30 for them picking u up! Time share people bring out the ugly in everyone too, so watch yourself! They are very annoying! I thought some of the bad reviews were from people that aren't ever happy, but really I was happy with the stay, I just expected more regarding customer service.	
May 27 2009 	Worst Hotel Experience I have ever encountered!	We called to inform the hotel of our late arrival and was told that it wouldn't be a problem and they would still have our room for us. We went to check in to find out that our room had been given away, and to &quot;accomodate&quot; us tried to put us in a down-graded room without ANY compensation! Finally after getting the supervisor, he put us in the same type of room we reserved but with 2 beds instead of one, which was fine. We got to the &quot;NON-Smoking&quot; room and could smell nothing but smoke. So we called to switch rooms and was basically told to put up with it, because they had no other rooms available! Once again after getting the supervisor we were put in another room! The room we ended up with was decent and we had no complaints.After returning home we realized that we left my wife's purse in one of the rooms. The lost and found and security office have been as helpful as they can be, but very untrue for the front desk!Every interaction we have had with the front desk, they have been EXTREMELY RUDE! From our first checking in, and now in trying to get my wife's purse back.Overall the service was horrible, and the rooms are not worth the price. (And we were in an &quot;up-graded&quot; view room!) The only good things I can say about the hotel; my wife found a slot machine that she really likes to play, the view from the room was nice (looked out over New York New York), and the spa treatments were terrific!	
May 26 2009 	Rooms need a makeover but everything else is fine	Stayed at Excalibur from 18' until 23' of May. Was in town for an exhibition and some leisure.Got a room in Tower 1, it was easy to see that other people had lived in my room before, but is was clean all over and I had no problem staying there. Big beds and a nice bathroom.The staff at the hotel was nice, they all responded to my requests without a hitch.I did not have any contact with 'timeshare' people, no one ever approached me when I walked through the casino to/from my room.As of eating possibilites, we only tried the Italian restaurant up on 2'nd floor, it had decent food (huge portions) at low prices.If you are looking for a decent hotel with excellent pricing, Excalibur is the hotel for you. (we paid $35 a night..)	
May 26 2009 	Decent hotel	We had no problems here at the Excalibur. We stayed at the Luxor previously and wanted to try a different hotel. When we checked in, the lady said all the rooms were sold out, so they upgraded us to a suite for free!! The room was very nice and the bed was super comfortable. We only stayed a couple days, but we loved it.	
May 26 2009 	First stay - exceeded expectations	Stayed for one night. I had used the casino before but this was the first stay. Stayed in tower 2, in what the receptionist described as refurbished rooms. They were pretty good, two double beds, clean, comfortable, big flatscreen TV etc.Quite a good location at the South of strip (near MGM, New York New York etc). Handy for airport too. Would use again if I stayed at that end of strip as some very good rates are available in this hotel.	
May 24 2009 	Decent Hotel -	My wife and I just spent 5 night at the Excalibur - The room was quite large - 2 queen beds - some chairs and a table. Bathroom was also good sized.Hotel may be showing its age but seems to be holding up well.The all day Buffet for 25.00 is a great deal. The Italian restaurant is also good value - the chicken parmesan was quite good.The casino was not too busy when we were there - none of the casinos were too busy.The show &quot;Defending the Caveman&quot; was very funny - should be a must see.Suggest the hotel get rid of all the people who are soliciting for time-shares- they are extremely annoying. A major complaint - the walls are thin - you can here what is going on in the halls, and also what is going on in the next room. In general, our stay was good, but would most likely move on up the Strip on our next trip to Las Vegas.	
May 24 2009	Wedding chapel	My husband and I were married at the Canterbury Wedding chapel (Excalibur Hotel). It was excellent experience. I could not have asked for more on my wedding day. We had 40 family and friends with us. The chapel was large enough to fit us all. The chapel was amazing and the pastor was traditional (not cheesy). The packages were the most reasonable and I like the look of this chapel the best. We did look at other chapels while we were in Vegas.We had a in room reception at Bally's hotel in the executive suite. It was large enough for all our guest and plus room for a dance area.	
May 21 2009 	Underrated Strip Hotel--You Get More Than You Pay For	I'm a reasonably experienced traveler to Las Vegas, and knew when I booked a room for bargain-basement rates at Excalibur for a quick three-night jaunt, that I wasn't staying at Bellagio or Wynn. But still, after this trip, I have to wonder about the bad reviews this hotel often receives. Some travelers seem to be under the impression that they are staying at a Disney property, and complain about the smoky casino or the nearly-nude dancers you may encounter en route to the elevator. C'mon, folks, this is Vegas! Leave the kids at home or stay at an off-Strip locale if you don't want the sight or smell of sin! Other travelers expect luxury accomodations on the Strip for Super 8 prices; sorry, that ain't happening. My experience was of a somewhat shopworn and deliberately tacky hotel where the staff worked hard to make up for their inherent shortcomings, and generally succeeded, certainly more than I had any reason to expect for the price.Check-in and check-out were fast and courteous. I was upgraded to one of their Tower II &quot;Widescreen TV&quot; rooms without asking for it or paying more. My AC didn't seem to be working well when I got into the room, and believe it or not, a maintenance guy showed up within ten minutes and dealt with it. The room was clean and (maybe I got lucky here) quiet, and I did get a view of the crazy turrets. When I called guest services, they answered quickly and were responsive and informed. Some travelers complain about the food at Excalibur, but have to say I love the breakfast buffet (maybe because I'm a southerner and appreciate well-made grits and biscuits, and maybe because it's relatively cheap), and there's something to be said for a 24-hour Krispy Kreme outlet. Two words of caution: (1) there is no wireless internet available at any price anywhere in the Excalibur complex--no, not at the Starbucks stand, either. Since I was on a working vacation, I wound up going to the next-door Luxor (easily accessible by walkway) and buying a three-day wireless pass there, but for something like T-Mobile Hotspot access, you have to go over another hotel to Mandalay Bay. This annoyed me less because of the money, than because security at the undeservedly-more-pretentious Luxor hassled me for plugging my laptop into a hallway outlet--as though the sight of a 56-year-old man using a laptop in a quiet corner was the major threat to the &quot;classiness&quot; of a place whose bar is called &quot;Cathouse.&quot;(2) If you happen to buy or are given (as I was by my fiancee) an Excalibur &quot;gift card&quot; for use there, be prepared for blank stares whenever you try to use it. It must be a new promotion; when you tell them it works like a debit card (which is technically what it is) they'll eventually get it, but cash is easier.All in all, travelers with reasonable expectations who want to stay on the Central Strip without spending a lot of money on a room will likely be happy with Excalibur. I definitely was.	
May 21 2009 	Watch out for the 'timeshare' sales people	I was TRULY disappointed that EACH time I walked to or from our room we were &quot;accosted&quot; by overzealous &quot;free show&quot; timeshare sales people...when I travel I DO NOT WANT TO BE APPROACHED BY A SALES PERSON - If I want to see a show I WILL - and I will find my own ticket whether that costs me $1 or $200.The room was nice - average - the first night the toilet tank began refilling itself at 3:30 a.m. and didn't stop - called front desk with no response - just shut the bathroom door the second night - Food at the Buffet was satisfactory -	
May 20 2009 	An amazing trip Hotel was HORRIBLE!!!	My friend and I went to Las Vegas for the week of my birthday. We were just looking for a relaxing vacation. The flights were perfect. As we got to the hotel there was not one bell person at the door waiting to help with luggage. As we walked to find the check-in desk the lady at the desk did'nt even welcome us, just asked for our ID's. We finally found the elevators to our room, got to our room and found that they had put us in a non-smoking room. We unpacked and went to have some lunch. As we returned and decided to shower we found that there was a glob of hair in our shower. We were very grossed out. So we went out for the evening and as we got back to the hotel and were getting ready for bed the comforters we could tell had not been fresh and clean. They were covered with yellow and brown stains.. I was ready to leave. But as we both work in hospitality we did not want to cause a big scene and that we would talk to someone about it. We were tired after a long day of traveling. The internet access in the room was an extra charge of $15 per day, and you had to pay to use the fitness facilities...The next morning we decided that we were going to try the buffet. AS we paid $25 for the both of us for breakfast.. We discovered the food to be cold and yet it was probably great if it would have been hot.. Not worth what you pay. We went to the concierge desk and asked a few questions and it took them about 20 minutes to find one thing that we asked. So we made the best of everyday and just spent our time else were on the strip. We even went to Treasure Island and saw Mystere.. (Definetly a must in VEGAS) On the 3rd day there we decided that we were going to gamble a little. As I sat there at some slots i never got asked to have a drink. I had to go up to the bar and pay for my drinks myself... Never saw a waitress for over 45 minutes... As my friend went to play at the tables the same thing, even the dealer was a little frustrated. That night we wanted to play pool and still not one waitress waited on us or even asked if we wanted drinks..(Horrible service) So we decided that we would play elsewhere. On the day that we checked out we had brought our luggage to be checked until our flight that night and the bellman that was checking our luggage was very rude. He could barely speak english and got mad and snapped at us because he had hard time spelling our name. We were told that we could get a shuttle to the airport at 8pm. When we returned to get the shuttle they said that there was not any available, they stopped at 2pm. So we ended up having to take a cab. Just give warning to those who are planning on a trip to Las Vegas, don't stay here. We have been to Vegas before and we will never go back to this hotel for anything.	
May 20 2009 	Identity crisis	I've stayed at 18 hotels in Las Vegas, and this one was a little disappointing.The Excalibur doesn't know what it wants to be. It's obviously best to be a kid-friendly casino (like Circus-Circus), but it can't let go of the idea of being cutting edge, with go-go dancers in revealing outfits dancing next to the gaming tables. This idea works at the Hard Rock Hotel, because that's its theme (and the girls were prettier). But with the family-friendly things like the jousting dinner show, the Spongebob 4-D ride, etc., it just needs to be 100% family-friendly. Instead of having go-go dancers, have maidens in flowing dresses. Have knights walking around posing for pictures. Have a huge castle-themed playground for the kids. (That's not a stretch; they have lots of McDonald-type playgrounds at other casinos in town, like the grandparent-friendly Station and Coast casinos.) Heat the pool year-round. The pool has a new water slide, so that's a good start. My daughter picked out this hotel to stay at for her first trip to town, but it quickly became forgotten, replaced by the Stratosphere, Circus Circus and the Golden Nugget. There are enough adult-oriented casinos in town. This one is missing an opportunity. The room was not that great, but the bathroom was nice. FYI- it had a shower instead of a bathtub. The rates are fantastic, and the location is great, but it could be a much better experience.	
May 20 2009 	Decent but certainly not great	ProsThe were politeThe place was cleanThe Time share presentation thing was absolutely worth the 3 hours of saying no. lolConsThe Evaluators were very confusing and it was easy to accidentally get on to an elevator that didn't go to your floorThe maid service speaks and understands ZERO English it seems...this manifested in them throwing away ALL of me and my Wife's marriage documents as well as a few other important documents...Registration Lines were VERY long as most of the service counter spaces were closedThe AC was either on and freezing you out or off and hot as hellHigh Speed internet cost 15.95 per and was still crappy and slow	
May 19 2009 	Best Value on The Strip	By far this is the best value for your dollar on The Strip. I have stayed there a total of 4 times over the past 2 years and I am planning on staying there in the next month. I say that they are the best value because as far as total cost during your stay you can't go wrong. The rooms are value priced, but note: I strongly recommend only staying in the Widescreen Tower Rooms, they are renovated and nice, the basic rooms are old and nasty. The food at the 24hour cafe is excellent tasting and priced and the gaming has low minimums even on weekends.	
May 18 2009 	Awesome Stay at the Excalibur	We absolutely loved our time at the Excalibur.We were originally booked for their older Standard Guest Room, booking this room with the hope of a complimentary upgrade. Upon check-in I inquired about free upgrades but was told that unfortunately they weren't offering any at that time. I stated that I was staying for an extended trip and wedding and that I was hoping for a more comfortable room. The attendant then kindly said she would upgrade us. Lesson learned, just asking can go a long way!We were extremely pleased with our updated Widescreen Room. It included two comfortable queen beds, a large LCD television and a wonderful view of the pools. It was a great place to return to after a long day walking the Strip. My sister, who was also in Vegas at the time, was staying a few hotels over at the Mandalay Bay. They paid close to double for their stay and I felt that our rooms were very similar. Excalibur's Widescreen Room's are definitely top quality accommodations.Would love to stay their again, but found after being there for a week, that it's quite the walk to get to the Central strip. It was still an amazing value and if all options point to Excalibur, I'd be happy to stay there again!	
May 18 2009 	Clean comfortable quiet and convenient	Attended DMB shows in Vegas and got a great rate at the Excalibur for a Thurs-Sunday stay. Upgraded to a remodeled room and the room was clean, quiet and comfortable. Room was in Tower II, 12th floor (i think). Staff quite friendly. Pool was clean and well-staffed, though the water was a bit warm for my taste (Vegas was experiencing a heat wave over this time, though). Buffet ($25 all day) was nothing spectacular, but it was cheap and plentiful. Close to NY NY and the MGM Grand, which was important to us. Overall, I'd stay there again at the same price.	
May 17 2009 	Value for Money	Great location on the strip with easy access to neighbouring hotels.You seem to be able to get a great price deal on this hotel.Would suggest people only get a wide screen tv room. The old rooms are cheaper though dingier and noisier. My parents who were holidaying with us had origianally booked the older rooms though when they saw ours upgraded, as the updated rooms are really quite nice.The casino does seem smokier and louder than others, though cant fault the buffet and other places to get snacky food.	
May 16 2009 	This place was great	I don't know where some of these other folks stayed, but I thought Excalibur was great in every way.Check-in was quick and although we got there at 11 a.m., we were able to get right into our room.Room was plenty big and clean and the beds were comfortable. Air conditioning worked great. Restaurants were a bit pricey, but they all offered specials, which didn't hit the wallet too hard. Buffet was delicious and not that expensive. Also, there are McDonald's, Pizza Hut, Mexican and Chinese fast food outlets that are money savers.Other stores in the hotel were a pricey, though.Pool was great and prices at the pool-side restaurant were reasonable.Casino wasn't as smokey as some reviews say and the dealers were all helpful and entertaining. Not stuck up at all. There could be more $5 tables, though.Overall, we had a great stay. You can't beat this place for under $40 a night. We'll definitely be back!	
May 16 2009 	Dirty old tired....Just not a nice place to stay anymore	We generally stay at Hilton Properties, but stayed here becuase family function. Room was old, tired, moldy, had holes in the wall, bathroom was old broken and had mildew. Overall, just not a good place to stay. There are better options for the same money. Note: Stayed there when first opened and a few years later, rooms were always small and a little dumpy but not in this bad shape	
May 16 2009 	Good value for money	I stayed at Excalibur from Sun 26 Apr to Wed 6 May and managed to get a good deal which worked out at around $50 per night for the 10 days I was there.Check in was on a Sun afternoon – I checked in 2 to 3 hours early which was no problem and the wait for check in was less than 10 mins.Tower 1 at Excalibur is still the older rooms and Tower 2 was recently remodelled to include widescreen televisions - I was put in Tower 1 but was on a fairly high floor (Floor 19) and have a good view of the MGM and Tropicana from my room.The room itself was fairly basic but had everything I needed.Room was a reasonable size (comparable to most Las Vegas strip rooms at the various casinos) and everything was cleanKing bed was comfortableHad a table with 2 chairs plus a separate lounge chair Plenty of drawers and wardrobe space for clothes etcBathroom was nothing spectacular but again was everything I needed.Housekeeping was efficient every day and had always been done by the time I returned to my room.If I had of taken my partner with me I am not sure she would have liked the room but for someone travelling on their room that just needed a reasonable place to sleep it was perfect.There are a few restaurants at the hotel and the food was ok without being anything special.They have a deal with the buffet where you pay $25 and that gives you an all day pass including breakfast/lunch/dinner – I heard from some other guests that it was one of the worst buffets in town so decided to give that a miss.They also have a food court up the escalators which includes McDonalds, Quiznos Subs, Pizza Hut, Krispy Kremes, and a few others.The casino is quite large – the sports book was one of the better ones on the strip which I found surprising – their poker room is a bit different because it uses the Poker Pro electronic tables – they have a few tournaments each day including a $20 buy in at 9am which generally gets at least 50 players.In terms of location the Excalibur is pretty decent.Just to the south you have Luxor and Mandalay Bay – either a short 5 to 10 min walk and they also have a free tram available between the 3 casinos – I found by the time you got the tram it was just as quick to walk anyway.Just to the north you have New York, MGM, Monte Carlo all within 10 mins walk.Planet Hollywood is about a 20 min walk and Bellagio is about a 25 min walk.The Deuce Bus service that runs up and down the strip was a good way to get further north to Mirage, Venetian, Wynn, Stratosphere etc – it actually goes all the way to Fremont Street - prices are only $3 for a single trip or $7 if you wanted an all day pass – if you are heading north then you need to go across the road and wait at the bus stop on Las Vegas Boulevard outside the Tropicana.	
May 15 2009 	Not the greatest but relatively inexpensive and grew on us	The Excalibur is sensational from outside, and a definite attraction on the Strip. Inside, first impressions are not good; everything looks tired and dingy. The casino is smokier than any of the others in Vegas, the clientele seem to be all on stag and hen nights so the volume is right up there. The bedrooms (or ours anyway) continue the dingy theme, but it's all in the decor, and thankfully the room was very clean. All in all I wouldn't stay there again even though I spent very little time in our room or in the Excalibur. Didn't eat there at all. The best breakfast close by is in the House of Blues at the Mandalay Bay, which is just a stroll or a two stop train ride away. The pool is OK but old fashioned and a bit basic.	
May 14 2009 	Same old stay	Went to the Excalibur again just because of the price of the room. The hotel has not changed since the last time I was there in October. This is a no frills hotel, just very basic amenities. Also, a very good price for buffet if you go between 2 and 6 p.m. as it costs only a two for one price.	
May 13 2009 	Not the best place to stay ...but for 40 bucks a night..what do you expect?	We chose this Hotel because friends were staying at the same place and we thought we would give it a try. Checking in was ok but we checked in at like 11pm so it wasn't busy. The guy at the counter was sorta grouchy. Not one employee went out of their way to make us feel welcome. The casino smelled of terrible cigarette smoke. I know that it's Las Vegas, but the other surrounding casinos were more bearable. Seemed like there wasn't any ventilation in there. The room was just alright. I didn't like the decor...it was definitely from the 70's or something. The bed was uncomfortable and the pillows were way too soft (luckily I always bring my own). The bathroom was clean. I was disappointed to not get a coffee pot. The air conditioner in the room was so loud and it kept blowing the curtains around. Luckily we weren't in the room very much and needless to say we didn't stay at that casino either. We didn't get a chance to use the fitness facilities or the pool, but I hear it was remodeled. And to add to the casino...it's so boring. Not much goes on in that place. It was dead during the week. I've stayed at New York and Venetian and will definitely go back to those ones. After this stay I'm believing the saying that you get what you pay for. So if you are looking for just a cheap place to stay and you dont mind cigarette smell ( I mean terrible) then the rooms at this place were ok. If you want a fun upbeat hotel, then stay at New York..the prices aren't that bad.	
May 12 2009	DO NOT STAY HERE	Beds made me itch! This was a awful hotel. Kids loved the pool.	
May 12 2009 	Great location on the strip rooms are a little dated beds tired	Overall a great value for the money (I paid $40/night). I would have been disappointed if I paid the premium price for the room. The beds sag a little, and the furniture is from the 70's (literally). But for what I was looking for, a clean, safe place to sleep, excellent. Located about perfectly on the strip for anywhere you want to go. A LOT of attractions within walking distance, and there is also the free tram that to a couple of other places.	
May 12 2009 	Nothing horrible. You get what you pay for.	We chose this hotel becuase it was the cheapest one in the heart of the strip. So going in with that mindset we were really not disappointed. Check-in on Friday was nice and quick, our room was satisfactory (even though it was one of the horrible reviewed tower rooms) with nothing to complain about....comfortable beds, spacious enough bathroom, room was cleaned properly each day, etc. Customer service was average, food choices average, pool below average, casino a little above average if you are looking for value on the strip. Yes, when we go next time we will probably fork out the extra money for a place like Mandalay Bay, but for the cheapest hotel in the heart of the strip, we were completely satisfied.	
May 11 2009 	Good.... for the price Great!	The wait at check-in seemed long, mostly because we were waiting before it opened. After it started, it moved fairly quickly.The room was clean, nothing fancy. I would say better than a Super 8, but less than a Hampton Inn, and bigger. Yes the furniture is a bit worn, the TV was old, but who goes to Vegas to look at furniture and watch TV? The bed was newer and very comfortable. No problem with noise or room service. There is a room safe.For $20 more per night, could get a remoldeled room in Tower II. We decided not, but I would recommend it to those who want to use pool/spa/fitness center often, as you don't have to cross casino floor to get there.Ate at Sherwood Forest cafe, not impressed. The $25 eat all day buffet did not look great either, and with k's of restaurants in Vegas, why would you want to limit yourself?The new Baja Fresh off the Casino floor is very fresh, good, and cheap. Food court is good. The casino is not as fancy as most, but was fine with plenty of penny slots. It has the only video Texas Holdem poker in Vegas- no dealer, but a large table screen with a console for each player. I liked playing it.Two huge shaped pools, and a shallow pool with slide and waterfall, with bar/restaurant, fitness center and spa in same area. Very nice! GF got a massage, 50min/$105., said it was great. I used the spa on last day, extra $5.- cozy, Zen inspired with white and jade tiles, steam room, sauna, hot tub with sitting area, another small siiting area w/ TV. Different scented shower stations. New age music in background- very relaxing! Strip location is great- lower walkway right into Luxor. Another walkway to NYNY, which leads down to MGM Grand and Duece bus stop. Monorail goes from Exc., to Luxor and Mandalay Bay. Next time I would prob. pick another casino just to experience a new one, but would recommend Exc. The price to fly RT from the East Coast + three nights was about the price of three nights at a Super 8 at home- I can't complain!	
May 11 2009 	Spend a little extra and go elsewhere!!!	I've been to Vegas 4 times and have stayed at a different hotel each time. By far, the Excaliber was the worst. The only perk of this hotel is the convenience to the &quot;4 corners&quot; of the strip and the accessibility to the other casinos. The are extremely rude, the rooms are dirty and you will not get the room you choose unless it's a stroke of luck. If you are just trying to get to Vegas on a tight budget, then this hotel may be for you. If you can afford an extra $20 a night, stay at the MGM or even at the Tropicana across the street, which is almost the same price as the Excalibur, but with much better customer service and pools. I will be back in August but will be staying at the Flamingo or MGM.	
May 11 2009 	Tolerable but smoky	Was in town for 3-nights and wanted something reasonably price and accessible to town center S of MandalayBay. At arrival all seemed well from the outside but upon our entering Tower 1 we were inundated with SMOKE. The ventilation was horrible, thank goodness the room didn't maintain the same smell. Check-in and check-out wasn't bad. The staff were not overly welcoming but got the job done. We stayed in Tower II supposed recently upgraded, NOT!! The only new thing was the widescreen tv, oh and the toilet, everything else was OLD and worn (carpet, drapes, sheets, &amp; furniture). Disappointed but since it was a short stay and we weren't going to be in the room much, we made due. The offerrings in the casino area weren't impressive although the buffet and Sherwood Forest Cafe were pretty decent for general purpose eating. The pool closed at 6pm (never heard of such a thing) and the security stations at the tower entrances were not manned and anyone could walk-in. There are definitely other reasonably priced hotels on the strip with better amenities and atmosphere.	
May 10 2009 	Birthday Romantic Getaway	5 HORRIBLE DAYS!!! This was our 3rd time in Vegas and we had always stayed at Excalibur in the SPA rooms (previously in Tower 2) this time when I booked the cost was $125.00 more then the previous year (2005/our first time same month). I was told that they had 2 Spa rooms one with a Widescreen TV (the one I booked) and one that had not yet been renovated ($35.00 cheaper per day). All seemed good until we got to the check in counter, staff was rude. We were in Tower 1 this time so we thought it must be the tower that was renovated...wrong. The key did not work very well it took 5 trys before it let us in. We should have gone back down at that point, but we were tired from the 6 hour drive to get there. When we walked in we noticed the TV was not the Widescreen SPA room we paid for. I went down to the check in clerk that helped us and told here this is not the room I paid for and was informed that there were no more SPA rooms available, I asked to speak with the manager and was told he was unavailable. I could come back later to speak with him (she would not give me his name). I went back to the room and started to unpack and found I could only use 1 drawer in the dresser because the handles were broken off all but one...Had to keep most of our clothes in the suitcase. I went back to the check in counter (6 hours later- different girl - but just as rude) asked to speak with the manger was told again that he was unavailable. Informed this girl that we were not happy with our room and that I paid for the Widescreen SPA room, she could not refund the difference or get us another room and I could come back tomorrow there were one of the widescreen SPA available then. I went down @ 1:30pm the next day to see if the manager was in yet or they could move us to the room we paid for (same girl from the first day) again no refund or room change. I tried everyday to get us the refund or speak with the manager. Did not happen once... I called the Excallibur booking desk when we got home and told my reservationist what had happened and she gave me the manager and general manger names with address and told me to wrote a letter. I did send a letter teling them of my dissappointment with my stay and even when so far as to make sure they knew I was not asking for any comp but just a call or note with an appology. NEVER HAPPENED. I did call back 2 weeks later and was told that they did recieve my letter but it was not their job to return calls or letters to patrons... Let me make this clear I had never once showed any anger or rudeness to either of the check in clerks. Don't stay here they don't care once they have your money and will not refund you even if they are in error ( I never got my refund of the room rate difference). Misersable stay.	
May 8 2009 	Excalibur made our first trip to Vegas perfect!	We booked our stay at the Excalibur three months in advance of our trip on a recommendaton from a friend. It was only then that I found out there were no bathtubs and that worried me a bit together with reading some very negative reviews. However, after everything I read...we had a hassle free and friendly early check-in (about 11:00 am) to our booked King Bed no smoking view room. And what a view!!!! I loved the sound of the traffic and the roller coaster screams reminded me of 'Roller Coaster Tycoon'. The room was clean, the shower was big and the bed and pillows were super comfy. We were never interrupted by hallway or other room noises. The sheets and towels changed everyday, and even when the shower drain slowed down one morning we alerted maintenance and it was fixed by the time we returned in the afternoon. The hotel is located at the most perfect spot; we walked in all directions and used the monorail and deuce bus as well. The atmosphere in the casino was really good and I found it the most busiest and liviest of all the hotels we walked through. We really felt like we were in the heart of Las Vegas...everything we ever imagined!	
May 7 2009 	I thought it was awesome	My room was very nice, bed comfy, big bathroom (relatively) and it was one of the older rooms too. The food was 25 bucks 4 all day buffte and I never left hungry. I ate prime rib and the best Mac and cheese I ever had. Later we went to the Wynn buffet anyway. The location was awesome, very convenient...and did I mention...the place was so cheap! There was no way I could lose for the price I paid. As far as solicitors, Huh? What? I just blew them off...walked right past them...SORRY...not interested. Huge casino, plenty of slots, poker room was electronic, which takes getting used to, later I just went elsewhere. This place makes their big money on slot donkeys...so serious gamblers can get in cheap. Pool and weight room were nice., got 2 free weightroom coupons, after that, 20 bucks. I still haven't found a hotel w free internet and its getting old, about 15 day...thats ridiculous....Other than that it was ALL GOOD. It may be the worst of the MGM hotels, but that's plenty good 4 me!! I was too busy counting all the money I won elsewhere to really complain. The Deuce bus is right outside... This place makes a great &quot;Mother Ship&quot; for gambling trips.	
May 6 2009 	Looks can be deceiving	Ok forgive me but in May when its hot and I mean hot...isn't swimming a great way to cool off? For me it is but here the pool was only open to 6pm. Every hotel that I have ever stayed at has theirs open to atleast nine. Next the room: I booked the room through their own website. Not expedia, not orbitz, but through Excalibur.com. I booked a king non smoking. I go to check in and they wanted to put me in a two doubles. They claimed its only a request. Umm...no where on the site did it say that. Secondly I have worked in hotels as a Night manager and auditor for several different companies and that only applies to reservations made through those travel websites, not you very own. I ended up getting a handicap king room after some arguing with the clerk whom really didn't seem to care. The bed actually wasn't too bed and the pillows were comfy. I didn't like how the grate was falling off the a/c and the bathroom door had black marks all over it. Also I like most people brought my laptop, cell phone, and blutooth headset. So did my friend. There were not enough outlets in the room and the safe could only accommodate one laptop. Decent food court...I loved how they had a Krispy Kreme. Quick access to the MGM so you can ride the monorail. Overall it wasn't a bad hotel but I should have looked into it more.	
May 6 2009 	Totally recommend it!	I was very skeptical about this hotel after reading the reviews here but since we had booked the hotel 4 months in advance and had already paid the entire 5 nights stay, we had no choice but to go. The rates were exceptionally good...for 5 nights we paid $295 US (we're Cdn). We were upgraded to a renovated room. Location was perfect. Everything is connected and we had no problems walking from one end of the strip to the other.Check in was fast, only a few people ahead of us in the line up, even though we arrived on a Saturday afternoon. They charged us the resort fee of $5 every night. We tried getting out of it but to no avail. I don't know how people have gotten out of them at other hotels.The room was your basic hotel room but very clean. Our room faced the pools. Washroom was large enough for two people to be getting ready at the same time. Shower was HUGE. No bathtub, but we weren't planning on soaking in a tub either. The only issue we had was that our sheets were not changed for the entire 5 nights! Towels were replaced and the room otherwise was tidied up everyday.Our safe also stopped working and all of our passports, cameras and $$ ended up being locked in there right before we needed to go out. We called the hotel desk and were told someone would be up within an hour. Someone was up there within 1/2 hour to fix the problem for us. There is construction noise early, early mornings but you're in Vegas! You don't go there to sleep anyways.It did seem to be the smokiest hotel on the strip though. I noticed other hotel casinos didn't smell as bad as Excalibur did so I don't know how they consider it children friendly. Who would bring their child into a smoke filled atmosphere like that anyways although we did see many children and babies. Very irrresponsible of the pareants IMO.Overall we were very satisfied and happy and would definately stay at Excalibur again.	
May 5 2009 	keep your expectations low - you'll be fine	Disclaimer - I was in Vegas for a convention at the Mandalay Bay - stayed here because of price, I am not a gambler but I do enjoy Vegas food and showsFirst the good -- Price - usually one of the least expensive places on the strip We paid $36 Weekday and $72 for Saturday- Location - on the SOuth end of the strip, close to Luxor, MGM, Manadalay Bay, etcThe not-so-goodCheck-in - we arrived at 1030am - There is absolutely no check in allowed before 3 and even then it is most likely your room will not be ready. Thier process - 1. Stand in a 30 person deep line to check your bags for the day2. Leave and go about your day3. Return - stand in the same 15-20 minute line to get your bags back - tip bellman4. Go over to the 30-40 minute line to check in to the hotel - at 330pm our room was not ready so we had to settle for a room we had not booked (not an upgrade) or wait 90 more minutes and stand in line againRooms: This is an older hotel and it lives up to its Medieval theme. While our room was clean, the matress had springs exposed. The TV did not work fully. As long as you don't plan to hang in the room much, you'll be fineClientele - this is an inexpensive hotel and the folks there match that ambience, this is the low end property of the Mandalay, Luxor, Excalibur trioFood - all I can say is you are close to lots of places outside of this hotel that are good, there's a reason their buffet is $25 for all you can eat all day!	
May 5 2009 	we were so lucky!!!	We really were soooo lucky! our standard room was upgraded into a suite!!! we didn't spend any extra charge. and the room was bigger than the place where I live! There was a huge jacuzzi, 2 bathrooms, a living room and a king bed (maybe it was even bigger!). the hotel is very clean and there are all the things that you need for a perfect journey. We stayed just one night and we ate at the italian restaurant (not so good, the pasta was over-cooked, and it was sinking in some water... and I can say that just because I'm Italian!) The hotel has a free parking, just next to the entrance. It's connected with all the other hotels with 2 different metro-rail. the location is perfect.	
May 4 2009 	For the last time I'm not interested in a timeshare!	The room was dusty and old, but we were not planning on staying in the hotel room for long. Day one we were asked 6 times if we wanted free tickets to a show in exchange for a time share pitch. This happened at Excalibur, New York, and Monte Carlo mostly. I was the worst in the morning and they target couples. Decent pool with newer music. The all-day buffet was a good deal, but the food was bland. The drink servers at both the tables and the slots did not come around often. Expect 1 free drink every hour or two. If buying drinks at the bar expect $5-7 for a beer and $20 for a pitcher. Didn't notice that many kids running around, but overall a disappointment.	
May 4 2009 	absolutely fine	stayed to attend conference-hotel fine, clean and staff friendly.pool v good. one gripe, with vegas, not hotel- how are you meant to get around? taxis unreliable/impossible once you are off strip. not good in a university town.	
May 3 2009 	Oh dear what a let down	If you fancy staying with the chav's, trailer park fraternity etc then choose this gawd awful place. If not go elsewhere and be thankful. No redeeming features at all.	
May 3 2009 	So depressing	The minute we walked in the lobby we were attacked by staff trying to sell tickets to some show. Not exactly what you whish for after a long day on the road! Sorry to say - but this procedure will then haunt you almost every time you pass the unpersonal and noisy lobby. Check In personel almost threw away our vouger for our San Diego Hotel. She did not apologise, only complained about the long hours at the desk. Endless and dark corridor to get to the room. Room was dated and overall badly cleaned. Air condition noisy and filthy. Felt really depressing beeing in the room. The only positive about this hotel is it´s location right on the strip. As a first time visitor in Vegas - maybe this is what to expect by a hotel here. In that case i dont´ think I`m ever going back...	
May 2 2009 	A great place to stay	We last stayed at the Excalibur for six years ago and found it good value for money so we tried it again this time. No complaints, room clean and very comfortable, staff nice and efficient, good location. Time share were a pain, they collared us offering &quot;comps&quot; first thing and so we did go to their desk. However as soon we realised they were time share we made our exit. They are very pushy but in the end we just smiled and walked past them. One lady actually stood in front of us waving our hands to make us stop - however after a killer glare from me she soon made a hasty exit. Would stay there again. Did have breakfast at Sherwood Cafe and it was warm and greasy, buffet fine but Mandalay Bay was far superior. Did all day at MGM Grand and it was good too.	
May 2 2009 	"Child friendly" - No Way!	Stayed for 4 nights with my wife and 2 kids (10 &amp; 7), lured by the cheap(ish) rates and strip location. Also read that it was a good hotel for families with kids.Check-in was quick and easy, staff not particularly friendly. To get to the room we had to go past Dick's Last Resort restaurant and the &quot;Party Pit&quot; both of which were not places that you would wish to expose your kids to. Dick's Last Resort had women wearing paper hats made by the wait staff with pithy sayings such as &quot;My breath smells like his balls&quot; on them, it clearly catered for Bucks/Stag parties, college kids and those there to party. The &quot;Party Pit&quot; was home to a few gaming tables and had a catwalk behind them with chicks in their underwear dancing on it. If I was there on my own I would have had no complaints, with the kids in tow it was a different matter.The casino was smoky and certainly was not a top-end establishment. I went to get coffee early one morning and came across one woman playing the slots in her pyjamas, cig in hand and necking a beer at 7am - class!The rooms were clean and quiet, we had a widescreen room, $16 per day for internet access was a bit steep, so we didn't bother. It was a pleasant room with no real views and a smart bathroom. There is no fridge or coffee making facilities forcing a trip to the (expensive) coffee stands or the food court.Pool area was adequate, cold beer and snacks were easily accesible and biled to the room, free towels on the way in too. You pay a &quot;resort fee&quot; of $19 or so a day, these little charges certainly added up. Plentiful free parking was a useful feature.I would not stay there again. It would be fine for the party crowd. In hindsight the Mirage was good value in a great location and had a degree of finesse, maybe next time?	
May 1 2009 	Great value and a great experience!	Just back from a GREAT stay at the Excalibur! I have to admit, I thought of changing hotels after reading some of the reviews here, but I’m so glad I didn’t. Not only was the price right, so was everything else. We had a newly remodeled widescreen room. It was very clean and had a super comfortable king bed. Linens were very nice, especially the fluffy towels. Spend the extra $10 for a remodeled room – well worth it!Clean is important to me, and there was nothing to complain about. Public areas like hallways, the casino, and especially the room – all sparkling.Check-in took a little longer than I’d like, but nothing unreasonable. I asked for a quiet room and was given an “inside” room on the 26th floor of tower 2. I didn’t know what “inside” meant, but it turned out to be perfect because it faced the other tower and the fun castle-looking parts of the hotel. All this added up to no street noise – a very welcome break from the constant ka-ching that is Vegas!The food court is very handy for a quick meal – who can say no to Krispy Kremes? We didn’t eat at the buffet at Excalibur, so I can’t comment on that. We did have a late-night sandwich at the Sherwood Forrest café, and it was pretty good. We saw “Defending the Caveman.” It’s pretty funny, but the showroom it is in is NOT set up for a show like this - you sit sideways to the stage and crane your neck the whole time. Also, the show is very short. I would not spend the money on this one again.All in all, this was a great location, great room, and great time. I would not hesitate to stay at Excalibur again or recommend to my friends. Don’t take the negative complaints on this site too seriously; if you go somewhere looking to have a bad time, you will. But I found much to be happy about and did not have any of the bad experiences described in some other reviews.	
May 1 2009	Loved the room interiors	Room was clean and well furnished. The view from the room was great overlooking the swimming pool and the strip.	
May 1 2009 	Fine for the price	We stayed at the Excalibur for three nights in April. Our room was basically what we expected for the cheap price we paid. However, the room was not very clean. It was not vacuumed (candy on the floor), garbage on the bathroom floor. The room was fine, the tv was great, but the bathroom didn't seem as updated as the rest of the room. The pools were very nice, the check in was fine, kind of slow, and the casino was very smoky, as they all are. The location was great.	
Apr 30 2009 	Good First Time Experience	Wife and I stayed here March 25th through the 29th. This was our first time in Vegas and chose the Excalibur primarily for the price and location.Unlike previous reviews, we did not see a lot of kids here. Some here and there but not many.Check in was quick. I was a little disappointed that we could only get a smoking room on the first floor, but decided we could see the view as we walked around. Room was basic and clean. No real complaints. This was an updated room but still seemed a little dated. Ate at the Sherwood Forrest Grill and the food and prices were very good. Ate at the Buffet. $25 per person and the buffet was fine. A buffet is a buffet to me. Food was hot and plentiful.Compared to other casinos, this one always seemed busier than others we visited. Good mix of machines and tables. One of the Crap table workers took the time to explain the game to me. Was very helpful.Enjoyed the pool for a few hours each day. Always able to find lounges.Overall a good trip. We would consider going back.	
Apr 30 2009 	Never Again!	Timeshare salesmen ambush you when you arrive and trick you into thinking their desk is check-in. Then they bug you every time you come or go from your room. Too crowded with rude pushy people. Very stressful. The rooms do not have coffe or fridges and you have to pay 15 dollars for internet access. I would reccomend Hooters over the Excalibur any day! Made me not want to come back to Vegas.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great value for the money!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Excalibur for four nights from April 24 - 28, 2009. We checked in around 12:00 pm, and found the process efficient and the desk clerk friendly. We have stayed at the Excalibur twice previously, and found that both our room and the service we received met our expectations and were consistent with our previous experiences. The Excalibur is a very nice hotel for those travelers who are not interested in spending large sums of money on hotel rooms. The rooms are large, clean, and come with all the basic amenities (toiletries, a hair dryer, ironing board, etc.) but are not fancy or lavish. My main complaint with the Excalibur is the excessive presence of timeshare sellers located throughout the hotel. You are approached every time you enter or leave the tower where your room is located, when you go to the fast food restaurants or buffet on the second level, or when you approach the lobby area. My husband and I just smile and say &quot;No, thanks&quot; as we walk by, as we know they are just doing their job. However, it quickly becomes tiring.Other things to note: The renovated pool area was very nice, and there were adequate lounge chairs considering the occupancy level of the hotel. The poolside restaurant offered very generous portions at very fair prices - my husband got a footlong hotdog for $5.The buffet offers standard fare, and there is a $25 special being offered right now for an all-day pass to the buffet. The Italian restaurant and Steakhouse are also offering prix fixe menus.There is adequate parking in a garage behind the hotel, which is located closest to Tower 2 (the tower by the pool). Tower 1 is located closest to the Strip, if this makes a difference to you.Overall, we had a great time at the Excalibur, and would have no problem recommending it to family and friends.	
Apr 29 2009 	nice trip	Stay at this hotel for a long weekend, room was kind of dated, Staff was very helpfulOne bad thing was no in room safe, so i had to take all my cash with me, Still a great price for the room so i would stay again, who sits in the room anyway when your in vegas.	
Apr 29 2009 	You get what you pay for	Although this hotel is usually on the cheaper side, I wouldn't recommend it for anyone without kids. I hate to say it, but you get what you pay for. The hotel itself is on the older side so the rooms aren't the nicest but they serve the purpose for anyone who doesn't plan to spend much time in their room. There are also a ton of kids at this hotel. It is in a great location but I would recommend going down to the Monte Carlo which is also very affordable before going to the Excalibur. The pools are ok but because we were there in March only one was open, and it was not heated so it was only good to stick a toe in. It's clearly set up for the kids as there are water slides and an entire pool that's no deeper than 2 feet.	
Apr 28 2009	excalibur hotel 	This place seemed to be struggling. We spent 4 nights here, had trouble with the plumbing in the toilet, the shower and the sink. The fan sounded like it needed to be shot and put out of its misery. Our first call to housekeeping did not give the expected outcome. We called again when we returned and that 2nd call fixed everything. The place otherwise was comfortable but in need of an update. The Sherwood Cafe for breakfast is a must miss. 1st day I tried the scrambled eggs. Well, when I could only eat a couple of bites I was asked how I enjoyed my breakfast. I was truthful in mentioning that the eggs were terrible. She said next time ask for &quot;country eggs&quot; those were broken on the spot. The ones that I had on my plate were from a carton. The second day I tried the tropical fruit bowl. Half the grapes were rotten! Very unappetizing. I also found that out of all the casino's we visited the excalibur had the most trouble dealing with the smoke from their smoking patrons. We will be giving this one a miss next time.	
Apr 28 2009	Loved the casino in excalibur	The Excalibur is definetley worth the money and I had a great time there. I had a great time at the pool going down the slide every chance I got. You don't even have to leave to hotel to get food. They have a food court where you can get food no matter what budget your on. Overall it was great, I would love to go back.Price is good for what you get. pay Little -get Little!!	
Apr 28 2009 	Great time!!!	This trip to VEGAS was a girls trip and 4 nights only cost us $395 Canadian with taxes ect. There are two towers in this hotel. We stayed in tower 2 and it was fine. The rooms were spacious, flat screen tv, huge bathroom and air conditioning. We had two queen beds in the room. The room was really clean. However, the maids would not take any plates ect from room service..and there was no fridge, u could rent one for $20 per day! We just used our ice buckets to stick some beer in. There was also no bath tub!Our other friend had a room in Tower 1 and it was ugly, old and small.. she demanded to be switched to Tower 2 and they did but wanted to charge her. After she put up a bit of an argument they ended up not charging her. The difference between rooms was incredible! Don't stay in Tower 1...!!!The hotel is ideal for location!!! It is next to the New York New York and there is a walk way to MGM which is across the street. It is also near the luxor and the mirage. And you can walk the strip to Ceasar's (a MUST SEE) as well as all the other Bellagio!The pool was really nice! There were actually 4 big pools! There were some shops in the Casino a couple pubs, buffets, ect.. We went to Dicks and enjoyed some good entertainment! It was pretty pricey for drinks, water or anything actually. But there was a Walgreens not far down the strip where you could stock up on water, advil, mix ect.. and you can fill up a big mug of booze and cruise around cheaper! Overall, we had a great time. It was worth the money and we met lots of fun people!	
Apr 27 2009 	Great Place dont listen to the negative reviews!	Stayed at the excalibur from april 19 -23 09. Right from the start it was a great expeience! Was uprgarded for free to tower 2 with a nice view of new york new york and the roller coaster! Everything was clean , needed to call front desk cause the plug in sink was brken, but was fixed within 20min! I wont reccomened the buffet not all that great but that is my only complaint. I would totally stay there again!	
Apr 26 2009 	Good value great location	We stayed at the Excalibur as my wife fancied staying there from a previous visit. I booked directly ad got a special deal that included a few extras (drinks, spa etc). I booked the wide screen room, as I’d read from reviews that they were in the newly renovated tower. A taxi from the airport was $10 and we had arrived early so our room wasn’t available so we went off to explore. After checking in, which was straight forward, the room was excellent. We didn’t pay for a view, as there weren’t any strip views available, only those of the mountains. So our view was of the inner towers and turrets of the hotel from the 18th floor. The room was a good standard though and we could tell it was quite new and to a good standard. It was a good size, the TV was indeed a decent size and we couldn’t fault anything about it. Having stayed at the New York New York I thought the Excalibur rooms were of a better, and certainly newer, standard. The location on the strip was a consideration before we arrived but having stayed at the NYNY before we really liked the bottom of the strip and how close together the casinos are there. There is also a lot of the kind of restaurants that we like down there so seems ideal for us. But is personal choice I guess and is still within walking distance to Bellagio, Venetian etc.The timeshare salespeople were everywhere in this hotel in particular but they took the hint if you ignored them or said no and weren’t overly pushy.The casino area at the hotel is average size and quality. Although we used it most days we preferred the NYNY casino so spent more time in there. We used all the MGM casinos though.The food court and shopping area at the Excalibur is handy for McDonalds, Subway, Pizza hut etc and the Sherwood Forest café was very good. Cheap and good food and has quick service. The buffet gets very busy so we didn’t use this.The spa was very good and costs around $15 but we received free entry through our booking. This includes the gym that has to be paid even for hotel guests which is surprising. The spa has everything you’d need for an hour or so of pampering but does have separate facilities for men and women that is the only problem. My wife and myself were the only people in our respective spas when we went and it was a shame we couldn’t have been unisex.The pool area is excellent at the Excalibur. It’s huge and even though a couple of the pools were shut when we were there, as the hotel was quiet, there was more than enough room around the pool. The pool bar was excellent aswell.The outlets village at the south end of the strip is very easy to get to by the deuce bus and is around 2 miles away. Is only a couple of dollars each and is great for some bargains.The Excalibur is a great value hotel to stay and was impressed with the room we had. If a cheaper hotel at the south end of the strip is what you’re looking for then its difficult to fault it. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 25 2009 	We Enjoyed Our Stay A Second Time	We are returning guests to Excalibur. We stayed in Tower II Widescreen View non smoking 2 queen bed rooms. We were fully aware when we made our reservation that the hotel charged an additional non refundable $5.00 daily resort fee which included access to the fitness room, free local &amp; 800 phone calls, 2 free drinks per room during stay &amp; 2 free fantasy Faire midway coupons during stay.Our room was clean through out and was made up promptly by the housekeeping staff.The pool area was busy throughout our stay as it was spring break. We appreciated that security routinely patrolled the parking lots of the Excalibur, which eased our minds.The food court was a plus with our family - when one didn't feel like having a sit down meal in one of the restaurants.We also enjoy staying at the Excalibur because of its location and that one can walk to the nearby hotels, attractions and shops located on the strip. However, walking at night can be a bit of a task as crowds can become large due to the present construction on the strip and the dozens of peddlars handing out &quot;girlie&quot; cards to the men walking on the street - it can become rather annoying to the many families that are walking on the strip and being confronted by these people.Another annoyance are the tahitti time share resort personnel that are present within the hotel as they approaching the incoming hotel guests with their offers of free show tickets if one gives of their time to attend their many resort presentations.Should we visit Las Vegas in the future, we will definitely consider returning to the Excalibur.	
Apr 24 2009 	Don't eat the food!! It will ruin your trip.	I spent 4 nights at Excalibur in a Widescreen room. The room was very clean and modern, no complaints at all. On the second night I had dinner at the Round Table buffet. The food looked great from a distance but when close up to it and eating it I would say Mc Donalds would be better. I never ate most of the food on my first and only plate. The desert tasted like it was made a week ago. During our dinner we spotted a cockroach on the wall and informed a waitress who then stomped on it. The next day I had food poisoning. For my last meal in the casino I tried the Camelot Steakhouse which was another bad experience. I ordered the pot pie and after getting half way through it noticed the pastry at the bottom was still doughy and uncooked, and the chicken was an uncooked pink. This was reported to our waiter who removed my meal off the bill and the food wasn't replaced. If you do choose to eat at this casino try the $2.50 dog and draft deal, you wont go wrong. I wouldnt eat anything else there except for Mc Donalds.Overall the casino slots had good payouts and the atmosphere was great but the food was dangerous.	
Apr 24 2009 	fantastic value for money at the excalibur	My husband and i stayed at the excalibur from the 6th to 16th april we had a wonderful time, this hotel is in a great spot on strip, we were in tower 2 and the room was spotless, cleaned every day, food was great value from buffet bar, staff were very friendly and helpful, if you are going to visit gran canyon book with sundance they are a class act just a fantastic place to visit las vegas cant wait to go back	
Apr 23 2009 	Expect Room Only - dont expect anything else	After waiting 20 minutes to check in, I did expect a bit more than we got. The room was clean though, but no bath - not good when you have an 11 month old with you. Beds were good Queen size and quite comfortable.There was no coffee facilities in the room, and we were warned about the fridge so we dared not open it. We ended up with ice in the sink to keep baby milk cool!!!The TV had very few channels, but we werent really in the room that much to watch much. The rooms were cleaned daily so we had no problems with that.Excalibur is positioned quite nicely with quick walks to New York New York, MGM Grand, Luxor and Mandalay Bay and of course onto the strip itself. It is far from the &quot;seedier&quot; end of the strip, so we all felt quite safe. Parking was also not as difficult as I thought. We got a good deal over the Easter weekend so all in all it wasn't a bad experience, although I did expect a bit more in terms of facilities. $ 3 for filter coffee was a bit much to take though!Also, the 2-for-1 all you can eat buffet during the afternoon is good value. Great selections and you can really load up so you can have light breakfast and dinner.The only downside we had - and this wasnt the hotel's fault - was a massive domestic disturbance in the room next to us at 4.00am whereby all hell broke loose and I had to call hotel security to settle it down. Considering they were all yelling at each other, the sound was actually quite muffled, and our kids did not know it had happened through the night so that was ok.The Excalibur has loads going on, with the Party Pit and Dirty Dicks so its a fun place. I would stay again, but I would probably like to try somewhere different, just for the experience.	
Apr 23 2009 	Absolutely disgusting!	We stayed at the Excalibur Hotel over Spring Break for 4 nights in a upgraded wide screen TV room. I have stayed there in the past due to great location and value and I can safely say this was the worst experience ever! Check in was a lengthy process, long wait, but once we got up to the desk, at least the guy was somewhat friendly. We stayed in Tower II which is overall a better side to stay in. Parking was pretty convenient since we seemed to luck out everytime and get parking near the entrance. I agree with the previous review, security is laxed here and when cups, bottles and room service trays are left out in the halls, it stays there for days.Thats the end of the somewhat good experiences...when we got up to the hotel room, which was on the 2nd floor, I checked the bed linens, bathroom, etc...before we got settled. I found pubic as well as hair of various lengths on top as well as intertwined into the worn velour blanket. Disgusting! I checked the bathroom and found hair in the sink and by the toilet. I immediately called housekeeping and told them about the cleanliness of the room, no apology and when I asked them to send up a clean blanket, it took 45 minutes to send someone up with it and again, no apology. In fact he seemed a little upset that he needed to bring one to us. I opened the door and all he said was, &quot;did you want a clean blanket?&quot; Oh and what was even worst is that I had to change the blanket myself. This was totally unacceptable. The blanket looked like a few different room guest used that blanket before we got there. When we returned home, we got a customer service questionnaire via email and I filled it out honestly and requested that they contact me regarding my unsatisfactory stay and no one ever contacted me. It's been almost a month. Apparently an unhappy guest is not a priority. Either that or they have so many unhappy guest they haven't gotten to all of them yet.Don't stay here unless absolutely necessary or you don't care about sleeping on someone else's soiled bed linens. Pay a little extra and stay at MGM Grand or Mandalay Bay The Hotel. You won't be disappointed.	
Apr 22 2009 	This was the best value for money!!	This hotel was great value for money, I went with a girlfriend, we had a room with 2 queen beds, extremely comfortable. Highly recommended. It is at towards the &quot;end &quot; of the strip, but everything is within walking distance so not a problem at all. Go and see &quot;Thunder from Downunder&quot;, we loved it, as a couple of Aussie girls we thought it a great laugh the way the American girls loved our Aussie boys.	
Apr 21 2009 	ICK!	We stayed in tower II which I must say was better than tower I. We arrived to find an empty champage bottle outside of our jacuzzi deluxe flat screen tv room, that bottle was still there when we left four days later. No shampoo !? Half of the lights in the room didn' t work, our room had the best view though! The hotel/casino itself is FILTHY, along with the entertainment and it's VERY loud!!security is a joke.Save your money and go elsewhere!	
Apr 21 2009 	Horrible rooms	We first got there and we had to walk all through the casino with our luggage to get to the registration desk. Which was unprofessional to me. Then we get up to the room and it looks and smelt like we were staying at a Super 8 Hotel. An old TV, no power button on the TV, the air conditioner did not work the best. It was hot and uncomfortable in the room. Then our safe was not working so we had to call them and it took them forever to come up and get it to work. We tried to switch to the newer tower, which is tower 2 but they would not accomidate us at all. Then no one even told us about the buffet they have, if we would have known that we would have eaten there our whole trip. It was just a bad experience, even though the price is decent i would for sure pay extra to stay somewhere else, like the MGM, we loved that one when we stayed last year. We will NEVER stay at Excalibar again.	
Apr 20 2009 	21st Birthday - Nothing special Nothing terrible either.	As you go through all of these reviews you are going to see hundreds of cases where people receive bad customer service. I have stayed at the Excalibur multiple times now and have been satisfied with what I pay for. First of all, you need to know what is going on in Vegas during your trip. Huge conventions cause a lot of chaos among customer service counters at many hotels because of the massive amount of group bookings and people wanting the five star treatment anywhere they go.If you at this hotel and are arriving on Thursday-Saturday after 12pm the waits for your room are going to be extensive at every hotel. When you book your room and choose one king or two queens, remember you are booking upon availability. With the economy the way it is, these cheaper hotels are getting more business than the expensive ones.If you are expecting a perfectly cleaned, spotless room at any of the hotels that have been in Vegas for 15+ years you are not going to get them very often. Excalibur has done a bit of remodeling with some WIDESCREEN ROOMS. They are nice and very adequate for anyone going there to have fun and party. They are pretty basic though, you are not going to get your coffee or anything special in the room. THAT IS WHY THEY ARE $40-$80 MIDWEEK AND $80 -$150 WEEKEND. They look a little more classy in the pictures than they actually are. Everything is just a little newer. If you want a decent room for a cheap price this is the way to go.Service at the Excalibur is okay.If you are respectful of the staff they will treat you the same. Housekeeping has always done a decent job of picking up the room while we were away. They will be a lot more thorough if you leave them $5 a day. You will find the occasional hooker/prostitute at the bars if you are staying here with kids. They don't make it very obvious so don't expect to see a girl with her skirt hiked up so you can see half her butt everywhere you go down there.There are a lot of younger couples and college kids that stay at this hotel also because of the cost. Don't expect a quiet nights sleep everynight. You will not get it. The food is at the bottom end of what you kind find on the strip but it is cheap. McDonald's in house very cheap $1 Menu for breakfast/lunch. There are also some other options by the food court. Good food is close thought at Mandalay Bay or MGM. They both are within 15 minutes walking distance.The location is near the South end of the strip. You are only on a street corner between Luxor and NYNY. It is a very long walk to get to the North side near the Wynn and Riviera. The casino is relatively smoky and you definitely can smell it. Don't be surprised when you get there. This casino has been in Vegas since 1990, back then it was primarily a gambling town. It is older and is not going to be remodeled on the casino level anytime soon. People that complain about this casino needing a face lift are right but it's not going to happen so don't complain about when you get back. If you are going to be out and about shopping down the strip. I recommend staying at one of the Harrah's properties: Flamingo, Paris, Bally's or Harrah's. They are all in the same price range with Paris being the most upscale.Gambling at Excalibur has always been lucky for me. The slots have a decent payout percentage and is definitely better than the highscale properties. This casino has paid for itself many times over so they are in the black no matter what. MGM owns and runs so join there Players Club because you can gamble at all of the casinos right around it to earn comps as well. The table games at excalibur range from $5 UPWARD. Beware the farther down the strip you go and the later in the day you play the minimum does go up. Many big casinos range in the $15 - $100 minimum bet limits after 4:00PM.Good luck if you choose Excalibur and it will be adequate if you know what to expect.	
Apr 17 2009 	It was great. Great value for money and very clean rooms on the strip	We stayed for a week (6th April to 13th April) and found the hotel to be great. We were very concerned about the quality of the hotel prior to travelling as most reviews seemed to be so negative but this wasn’t the case. The room was very, very clean. The toiletries were replaced each day along with fresh towels. The day before arriving I e mailed and asked for a complimentary upgrade to a room that had been refurbished and with a view of the strip and this is exactly what we got! At no extra cost or tipping. We overlooked New York New York hotel , the Statue of Liberty and MGM. The hotel is in a fantastic location. You just walk across the bridge and come to the strip (2 minutes) from there you can walk to all the sights. We walked everywhere except for Downtown Vegas when we caught the Deuce bus (7 dollar for a 24 hour pass each). The casino is smoky but they all are. However if you want a reasonable casino where you can play the machines at a realistic cost than this is the hotel to visit. It appears, having spoken to a number of other visitors that gamblers travel up and down the strip to play the tables and machine at the Excalibur. I know that many people criticise Las Vegas. This was my first visit and I loved it but if you’re looking for a busy holiday with plenty to do in a reasonably cheap hotel that costs a lot less that then many other hotels on the strip then you can’t beat the Excalibur.P.S. The swimming pools were great also. We never had a problem finding a sun bed (9am or 2pm) even though it was the Easter week-end and the weather was good too. P.P.S I usually stay in 5 star hotels so to write this positive review is a surprise to us too!	
Apr 16 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Excalibur for 5 nights in April and had a great time. We chose the hotel due to its location and price, being one of the least expensive venues on the Strip. If you're on a budget, don't waste your money on expensive pretentious hotels when you can save your cash for gambling, shopping and drinking! You can stay here and walk 2 minutes from your room to be in NYNY, Luxor or MGM. Remember; Location, Location, Location!Given that most of your time in Vegas is probably spent in the casino/bars/pool/shops (delete as appropriate), the room was more than adequate; very clean, big comfy bed, double shower and TV. And this was just a standard room!The casino itself was a little smokey as others have mentioned but only noticeable if you spend hours on the tables. The pool was lovely and a bonus to have an adult pool without the screaming kids and with a bit of music playing to create a lively atmosphere. There is a Pleasure Pit in the casino with a some good looking dancers strutting their stuff, although nowhere near the calibre of the PussyCat Doll Lounge at Caesars or the Croupiers at Planet Hollywood! Sorry Girls!Avoid the buffet too. There are far too many other choices nearby to waste time with queues and mediocre food. Plenty of snack options upstairs and also a Krispy Kreme which has free WiFi. There's also a 'Dog and Draft' offer at the bar for a hotdog and small beer for $2.50. Bargain!My advice is stay at Excalibur, chill by the pool all day, take a few steps over to Coyote Ugly (NYNY) and the West Wing Bar at MGM for Happy hour (5-8?) before heading out on the town where the real fun begins. If you're sober enough when you get back then a few hands of BlackJack or a Bud at Dicks is a perfect finish to a Vegas day.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great Place for the price!	My husband and I stayed at the Excalibur 4/7/09-4/11/09. Loved the location. At first it was a little confusing on how to get down to the strip. But after just about a 1/2 an hour we got our bearings and it was VERY easy to get to NYNY, MGM, and down to the strip. We should have asked someone but had a lot of fun exploring. Finding the tram to get to Luxor and Mandalay Bay was every easy. However we mostly took the moving sidewalks that are all indoors. It is not a bad walk to Planet Hollywood also.We had the standard room.The room was just fine. Very clean! The carpet was ok. We had a smoking room so it had a few very small burns but it was clean. We stayed on the 2nd floor and had a view of the Luxor. It was awesome that the window opened. Only about 3 inches but the weather was cool this time of year and it helped get the smoke out of the room. The beds were very comfortable. We did have a safe in the room. While it is not a 5 star hotel it was WELL worth the price.I did see a few children. However it was not out of control. The casino was great. Lot's of penny slots and penny poker. The craps table's were HOT. We got the all day buffet only once and that was enough. Breakfast was very good but lunch and dinner was well... awful. We ordered room service one eveing and the food was good and the service was fast. The only thing we did not like is that they did not tell us that we had to set it up so we could charge to the room when we checked in, So we had to pay cash for the food. Which was fine but we would have much rather have charged it to the room.The best advice I can give you is DO NOT do one of the timeshare deal's. They offered us a show and $100 in casino credit if we did it. We were told that it would only take 1 1/2 hours... Took 2 1/2 hours the show was worthless (V at planet hollywood)and only gave us $50. What a waste of time.	
Apr 15 2009 	Good hotel but you can find better...	We stayed at the Excalibur as the room rates seem to be very good and they provided child friendly activities for our young son.We arrived at the Excalibur mid-afternoon and found a long line to check in. It wasn't bad though as they had most of their check in desk open and they were relatively fast in checking everyone in. Our room was in Tower 1 and faced Tower 2, with no real views. It was fine as we didn't spend much time in our room looking out the window. Our room was a bit on the small side and is definately showing some serious wear and tear. The chairs were scratched up and needed some new upholstery. The beds were horrible! You could feel every spring on your back as you rolled around. The pillows weren't any better! Your head just sank through the pillows. You needed at least 2-3 for you to feel them, LOL. We also found that the A/C unit in our room was not working! But instead of the front desk moving us (they said to just wait out the repair - I was too tired to argue), they had maintenance come in and actually replace the huge unit. We couldn't even get comfortable as we had people in and out of our rooms during the repair. After the repair, the area was filthy and I had to get one of the cleaning ladies to come in and vacuum and she wasn't the most friendly person to deal with.I will say though, that the hotel is in an awesome location and was nearby all the attractions that we were interested in seeing. But I probably won't stay at the Excalibur again though. Most people come to Vegas to party and have fun, then you use your room to rest and sleep. But with the bed and pillows like we had, forget it! Pay a few bucks more and either upgrade your room (I assume that more expensive rooms have better beds) or go to another hotel.... Oh... The Excalibur does have a Midway for kids to play games and win prizes. A lot of the video games were in major disrepair though, but the Midway games were fun.Now, would I recommend the Excalibur? I would say no, but it does have its perks and I guess you'd have to weight them out yourselves.	
Apr 15 2009 	Dismal and depressing	A small group selected this hotel for our stay while bowling nationals--I assume for its lower price compared to the nicer resorts. I hate casinos. They are noisy and big. This one smelled of smoke (They still allow smoking inside? Join the 21st century, folks!) was dim, and dingy. The room was large enough, but the temperature control fan and the bathroom fan were noisy. (Will wake your room partner if you need to turn on the light in the bathroom during the night!) Small sofa (hideabed?) smelled like pee. No bathtub, shower only. No robes. Only Pepsi products, no Coca Cola. Sheets came untucked easily. Charged extra for Internet, not working the second day...only good thing to say: Elevators were quick.	
Apr 15 2009 	Rooms Hotel Service Cleanliness .. TERRIBLE!	We booked our rooms thru American Airlines Vacations. Read the reviews on-line for the hotel, thought they were OK .. Don't believe it. Took forever to check-in, they also don't tell you about the &quot;resort fee&quot; which is an additional charge. We finally got to our room and was surprised by someone in our bathroom who was cleaning an overflowing toilet. I called the front desk and after much discussion was moved to another room which was equally bad (without the toilet problem though) .. I again called the front desk and asked for a different room - one in Tower II (which I found out was newly renovated) .. after must discussion, whe agreed to send me to a Tower II room for an additional fee of $20.00/nite which I refused and she immediately dropped the fee to $10.00/nite .. I asked what kind of SCAM were they running .. and hung up.Needless to say, we didn't stay at the Excalibur and would not recommend it to anyone I know. We travel to Vegas 5-6 times every year and have never had this kind of problem. For the record, we stayed at the Pallazzo instead .. and, I would highly recommend that hotel!	
Apr 14 2009	excalibar	bellagio it ain't but great value for money. four of us ages 60-27 free room upgrade casino always packed free drinks buffett good value for money. service good rooms clean and quiet could'nt fault anything	
Apr 14 2009 	Great Hotel let down slightly by poor housekeeping!	We stopped here for 7 nights from the 1st April 2009 and a had a great time at the hotel. We were given room 26212 (26th floor in Tower 2) and found the room to be excellent with great views from the window (see pics I uploaded). The bathroom was huge (although no bath, only a shower cubicle) and the room was well equiped &amp; in good order.My only criticism of Excalibur is the slightly shabby housekeeping throughout the hotel. We found our room cleaned but the bathroom wasnt wiped down very well each day with soap marks left on the worktops &amp; the soap not changed daily. Also we noticed that room service trolleys were being left out in the hallways outside peoples rooms for hours 7 hours at a time and the elevators were not hoovered very often leaving the carpets covered in bits.One other small thing that may be worth mentioning is the stealth fee of $1 per night for telephone usage, regardless of whether you plan to use the phone or not?! I was a bit annoyed at having to pay this, whats wrong with only charging people for the calls they make??These are only small criticisms but did stop me from giving the hotel a 5 out of 5 rating. But they would not stop us from staying here again, as the hotel is very nice and great value for money.	
