	wow	This hotel is totally awesome. Limo, champagne, red wine and franch cheese, personnal concierge, hammam and the BED!... so much, you wanna live there!	
Nov 15 2009 	good value	Reasonably priced (for Las Vegas) and great location. Right by the monorail stop, so its easy to get around to some of the other hotels. We liked it better than another we stayed at in Las Vegas. Staff was very helpful and we were able to buy tickets to a show right at the hotel. We picked a show that was right in the hotel (Ka). The show was great and it was relaxing not to have to go out anywhere to get to the show.	
Nov 7 2009 	Possibly My Favourite Hotel Experience Ever	Having stayed in the Burj Al Arab, Dubai and the Conrad, Tokyo I still think this is my favourite hotel in the world. Unobtrusive but attentive staff, amazing decor and a real feeling of been treated as a VIP from the second you arrive. We stayed for a week and everythign was perfect. I recommend this hotel to anyone, provided your pockets are deep. Go for an afternoon to Wet Republic and eat at Joel Robuchon.	
Oct 16 2009 	Didn't want to leave	Let me preface this review by saying we had been staying at the Bellagio in the 2 bedroom penthouse suites. When the included perks disappeared, so did we. Since 2007 I have become partially handicapped and returning to Las Vegas with the huge walking distances was daunting.After reading all of the Skylofts reviews we were expecting a certain level of service and we were not disappointed. It was one of the few times I can say I had an experience that was beyond my expectations. When we arrived for our 5 night stay there was a shiny red scooter waiting and the news that our loft request was not available…we were being upgraded to the 3 bedroom loft that had an en suite elevator. This is the one suite that has not been redone with the new electronics and infinity tubs. The décor was still the European style. I don’t know how they do it but there was not a nick, a gouge in any of the furniture, a spill, a stain or speck of dust anywhere. And waiting in the entryway was a lovely cake for our 30th anniversary. I guess the point I am trying to make is you don’t need to be hipper than thou to enjoy the Skylofts.We did have a great breakfast at the Mansion as other reviewers have mentioned and understand it is now open for lunch too. Had the fridge stocked with Coke Zero, water and pitchers of iced tea. Tried to figure out how to get the espresso machine in the luggage but thought it might be missed. The staff was super…I am not going to name names because of fear of forgetting someone. We spent a lot on tips, all of it deserved.And I would like to apologize for any claw marks I might have left in the Maybach as I was being dragged out of it at the airport.	
Oct 13 2009 	Skylofts 1bdrm and Bellagio 1 Bdrm Penthouse	I did two nights at skylofts and two at Bellagio. Its a hard comparison, truly. Skylofts is very nice, the service is great. You get picked up in a Maybach. I arrived at 11 and couldn't check in until 3. Everyone is very nice and cordial. Skylofts is definitely worth it if you want VIP service at clubs. They do a tremendous job getting you on the lists and table service. Skylofts is a very recognized and big name in Vegas. Even when I was staying at Bellagio, I slipped skylofts into my conversation with the doorguy at Jet and we were through the door in no time. We ate at the Mansion the morning of and had missed our original reservation, however they were able to let us eat breakfast there at 11am. even though we were really hung over the food was good. The Bellagio is just very very classy and sophisticated. The penthouse is huge with his and her bathrooms and 5 T.V.s throughout. I had a lakeview which was an amazing view of the fountains from the top floor. We ate at Picasso which was amazing, very small portions, but amazing food and a little over $125 each plus the costs of wine or whatever extra. However being that they are so big they kind of lose that personl touch that skylofts emphasizes so hard on. If skylofts and Bellagio were the same price I'd definitely do skylofts. However, I would gladly spend $450 a night in bellagio penthouse on a weekday as opposed to $900 a night on a weekday at skylofts.	
Oct 9 2009 	Skylofts 2BR vs Bellagio 2BR Penthouse	I had the opportunity to compare the Skylofts 2 BR with the Bellagio 2 BR Penthouse Suite. Skylofts win. Hands down actually. Skylofts really is a superior experience, different than other hotels offer. That is my summary.My long winded version follows:I booked the trip through American Express Platinum Travel, which I became a member of just to use the travel benefits on this very trip. I highly recommend the Platinum service. With it I had expected to get an upgrade from a 1 BR to 2 BR. Unfortunately even though the website showed availability for two 2 BR lofts and two 3 BR lofts on the day of my arrival I was told that none were available for the 3 days of my stay and that a @ BR loft was only available for the first night. Needless to say a was steaming mad. My wife and I traveled with our friends and really needed a 2 BR room. They were very apologetic but not too helpful in getting the situation resolved. I would have hoped that they would have offered a second room/loft at a deep discount but they had no 1 BR lofts available and didn't offer anything at the MGM. They did offer a room at The Signature, no discount. They were really pleasant, apologetic for the website showing availability they didn't have, but not great at making me happy about the solution. I contacted Platinum Travel and got my final 2 nights in a 2 BR Penthouse Suite, they were great and helpful as always. I will post a review the about the Bellagio as well but do my best to compare the two here.Other than the major disappointment about only getting one night there, the Skyloft experience was entirely positive. The 2 BR is huge, over the top huge. It would be outstanding to throw a party in. It is very modern and hip, very tasteful. The condition of the space is great, but I suppose you could look at a painted surface here and there and see a small chip. Only the most obsessive people won't be happy with the condition of the space. Layout was great. We had a foosball table we used until late into the morning (drunk foosball has to be better than drunk pool). The master bedroom is fantastic the master bathroom is simply out-of-this-world. The tub is amazing. The steam shower is quite seriously large enough for 10 people. It must be about 12 by 12 feet. Bigger than my college dorm room. The rain head, wall spray and steam combo is uber-relaxing, I found no need for the spa. My wife loved the spa at MGM by the way, smaller than Bellagio by about 50% but very excellent services/staff.The sound system is awesome as is but is soon to be upgraded to have internet capable multi-function remotes. They give you free movies and internet which is sweet. My buddy played the first 15 seconds of just about every movie including the porn, just to mess with whoever would look at our movie record! It was great listening to my iPhone/iPod throughout the loft. The free non-alcoholic drinks are a huge plus and not to be underappreciated, especially if you are drinking heavily and need to hydrate! Las Vegas tap water stinks BTW, it is undrinkable.The staff at Skylofts are great, anything to please. They really go the extra mile,Now to compare, the Bellagio is definitely the best hotel I have ever stayed at. I say that because the Skylofts isn't like any hotel I ever stayed at prior it is like a new experience. The Bellagio room is very traditional, very old-school. 2 bedrooms at either end of a very large space that includes a small bar, living room and dining area. The central space is about 35-40 feet end to end. Big. The bedrooms on wither end are nice and big. There is a master one one end ad the other bedroom is actually an adjoining 1 bedroom hotel room. The adjoining room doesn't have a steam shower, and the bathroom is not quite as deluxe. This is also similar to the Skylofts in that the non-master bathroom had no steam shower and the shower was smaller.The Bellagio is all marble all the time. Very sweet. Very prim and proper. We had a fountain view and that was essential in my opinion to fully enjoying this room. If you are going to put up this kind of money you deserve to see that awesome fountain show 6-8 times during your stay. We ate at Olives, great meal and wine cellar. The only time I tried the concierge at Bellagio they did drop the ball a bit. I tried to get my complimentary limo back to the airport and the person I talked to didn't seem to think it was included with the suite. They connected me to player services, who weren't all that nice at all. I told them I was looking for my free limo, they said I needed more points ( I had none as we didn;t really gamble there). While waiting on hold with player services, the concierge called back on the other line and said yes we did get a limo to the airport and hooked us up, but the 10--12 minutes with the not-so-nice lady on the other end of the phone was a bit disappointing and unnecessary.I think the Skylofts really hits the spot for 20-40ish crowds who like their space hip/modern/high tech and fun. Bellagio seems to be going for the more reserved crowd of any age, but seems more pitched at the 40-60 year old base.The only way the rooms are similarly priced is to get the Skyloft 2 BR as an upgrade (Hooray Platinum travel) but beware the trap I had with internet availability and real world availability being different.So In my mind Skylofts wins every head to head comparison. Better room, stereo, shower, tub, bar (free stuff always beats expensive minibar), concierge.Bellagio has a better casino but high minumum bets. The pool is nicer but very reserved/quiet. The MGM pool is much more of a party...we saw guys in costumes, a guy in the Borat suspender/thong bathing suit and lots more 76 ounce beers and frozen drinks 3 feet long. If you want a quiet read by the pool the Bellagio is perfect.The Bellago fountain is spectacular, wherever you stay in Vegas go watch a show or two, especially at night.I look forward to another trip to the Skylofts...I may just suck it up and book the 2 BR to make sure I can get it. The upgrade to a 3 BR would be unnecessary but cool.Hope this makes choosing your hotel easier!	
Sep 30 2009 	Luxury with a GREAT staff!	Our experience was spot on with all of the other guests who loved their experience.Being greeted at the airport and driven in a Maybach (my husband loved this) to the friendly and helpful staff, they almost seemed like they were waiting for a challenge or an unusual request!Our room was lovely and overlooked the strip as per my request..they provided us with an early and late checkout (which we greatly appreciated) everyone on our trip wished my hubby a happy birthday.I could have stayed in the room the entire trip..the bathroom is the best..from the champagne bubbles in the tub to the enormous shower/sauna.I was a bit hesitant on what to expect being that it was a hotel within a hotel at the MGM Grand..throw that all out the window because this truly is a spectacular experience!Was worth every single penny and we cannot wait to go back again!	
Sep 28 2009 	Pure Decadence!	We flew in from New Orleans, Louisiana. When we arrived at our gate, the MGM driver was waiting for us. He walked us to baggage claim, quickly collected our luggage and escorted us out to the waiting Maybach limo. The Skylofts at MGM Grand was only about a 10-15 minute drive from the airport. We were greeted curbside at the hotel by both the concierge and baggage handler. We were quickly escorted through the lobby and past the VIP check- in area to the private elevators for the Skylofts. We walked down a hallway and noticed a man standing by an open door. This was our room. We were escorted inside the suite, asked to sign papers and given room keys. At this time, we were informed that our AMEX booking agent had arranged for us to be upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite with Butler service. What a wonderful surprise. Our Butler then gave us a full tour of the room and all of its many amenities. The amenities were endless. The huge suite had many flat screen TVs, a few phones, an espresso machine, a game room, a bar, 2 bedrooms, 2 and a half baths, a large dining area, and the list goes on. We needed a tutorial to learn how to use the many remotes that controlled everything from the TVs to the draperies to the air conditioning . We decided to go to a couple of shows (Ka and O) so, we called the concierge and he arranged tickets for us. Both times we had premium seating (4th row and 6th row) and top-notch treatment at the venue. Both shows were more spectacular than we could have ever imagined. Wow, I guess being Skylofts guests has its advantages. Aside from the shows, we spent a lot of time in our suite. We only left to gamble and shop and to meet friends at a club 2 nights. With all of the amenities and conveniences in the room, we found it ridiculous to leave for little things. Our butler was wonderful and catered to our every need. He even brought us several types of specialty pillows to test and select so that we would be most comfortable while sleeping. We ordered room service on 3 occasions. Each time, it was delivered at the exact time we had requested and served in our dining area on fine linen and china. The food was hot and delicious every time. Our butler knew from our conversations that I was a coffee and espresso lover. Every morning at 9:00 I would walk downstairs in our suite, and our butler was already busy preparing my morning coffee.One morning, we had the privilege of dining at the Mansion on the invitation of a friend. You are usually not allowed access to the Mansion unless you are a VIP/Celebrity/High Roller. The food was delicious and reasonably priced.The Skylofts at MGM Grand provides the most luxurious experience in Las Vegas. When it was time to leave, I actually got teary-eyed. I still miss my butler…lol. No really, I do. We can hardly wait to return to Las Vegas in November for Cigar Afficionado’s Big Smoke at the Venetian. We were originally supposed to stay at the Venetian. Nothing against the Venetian, but we can't keep our minds off Skylofts. I promptly cancelled those reservations and booked our second stay at the Skylofts. The waiting is agony.	
Sep 25 2009 	Awesome!	From the moment I made the reservation, it was an awesome experience. The staff during our stay really made our trip great - Regina, Sherman and Valerie were fantastic. Soon I will start planning my trip for next year!	
Sep 18 2009 	Probably the best place I've ever stayed	Just returned from a five night Vegas break where I spent two nights at the Skylofts and three at the Bellagio. I wish I could have spent all five at the Skylofts, it was that good. Although we weren't lucky enough to get a ride in the Maybach, we were whisked to the Skylofts entrance from the airport in a matter of minutes. You check-in in your room, no queues, and all the amenities (&amp; gadgets) are explained to you. The double height windows are fantastic and give the whole loft a feeling of being much bigger than it actually is. Bang &amp; Olufsen audio and visual systems are fitted all over, and you can control your iPod from whereever you are. Soft drinks and water are free (unlike the Bellagio where you daren't breathe on your fridge for fear of being charged) as is the wi-fi (Bellagio - $15 per day!). The butlers are great and will organise anything and take you anywhere. Sure, you have to tip them, but you feel it's worth it, and you really do feel like a high-roller, even if you're just treating yourself. I would go back there in a flash. Final word, it's even (slightly) cheaper than a fountain view suite at the Bellagio, and even if the casino at the MGM grand isn't the best, you'ld be crazy not to visit here.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great lofts pity about the hotel	The Skylofts are great - fantastic amount of space, contemporary design, spectacular views, just so Vegas. Perfect for a family or group of friends travelling together. The staff who look after one there are also terrific. The pool table in our lift was a wonderful touch. While the Skylofts are marketed separately from the MGM Grand, they can't escape being part of the hotel. And the hotel is rather run down and not of the quality of, for example, the Bellagio or Venetian. On arrival, one comes in through a special Skylofts entrance. But that only lasts a few yards. One then has to navigate the the MGM lobby (think Grand Central Station in the rush hour) to reach the lifts. More problematic is the swimming pools - the Skylofts share the MGM pools, which are very crowded and dirty, with some of the most unpleasant staff that I have come across in a hotel in years.	
Aug 28 2009 	Still our favorite place to stay in Vegas	My wife and I recently returned from a three night stay at the Skylofts. Having stayed once before a couple of years ago, we had some hesitation based on a few reviews mentioning the condition of the rooms. We had no problems with either the cleanliness or condition of the room. As beautiful as before. I noted that the Creston system in the living room had been updated.We stayed on the Mobil 5 Star package and had an amazing time. We had so much scheduled that we probably saved enough on gambling to pay for the splurge.The staff treated us very well. There has been mention of stuffiness but we are very casual, not formal people and the staff was friendly and responded in kind. We were provided with a very detailed itinerary prior to our arrival and everything went without a hitch. We had some concerns about the heat going this time of year but found that between all the extra time spent in the amazing room, all the activities we had planned and all the available restaurants etc. within the MGM, we only went outside once. That trip was to check out the new Encore. We were underwhelmed with it and quickly went back to our retreat at the Skylofts.As the restaurant included in the package was closed for the month, we were allowed to use the credit at any restaurant in the hotel. This turned out very well. We ate at a different excellent restaurant each night and enjoyed them all.The Ka backstage experience and their treatment of us was a blast. We have a great picture of us in an action pose with the man characters of the show. Seats were 6th row center. Amazing.Everyone should take advantage of the chance to visit the Mansion. Such an oasis of calm amidst all the chaos that is Vegas. Food is great as well.We will definately return when the schedule and budget combine to allow it!	
Aug 24 2009 	One Thumb Up...One Thumb Down	TRIP: July 19-23Lucky for us the SkyLOFTS had not been completely booked when we made our reservation 8 months in advance. We were planning a family trip for 10 people and wanted to have accommodations where we had a place to eat, visit and play comfortably. The LOFTS were perfect for our needs. I won't go on and on about the LOFT accommodations because so many other trip reports have done such a good job. We were greated right at our exit gate by a SkyLOFT employee who walked us down to the baggage claim, collected our baggage and escorted us out to where the Maybach was waiting, along with the gold stretch limo for our overflow of family. The attendants were more than helpful. The Maybach was a special treat. There were lots of gadgets to play with and VOSS water chilled in the refrigerator. It was fun for our children....none of us will ever ride in a car like this again I'm quite sure of that. TIP: Be sure to plan tipping into your vacation budget. There are lots of service people to take care of if you choose to do that.Our stay at the LOFTS would have been a lot more pleasant had we not been badgered every single day to see the front desk about the balance of our bill. This was extremely annoying. I was planning to take care of our bill at the end of our stay. I would imagine the LOFT was pretty special early on. I had read many, many trip reviews and many of the special details that were mentioned in trip reports from years ago simply did not exist anymore. I'm guessing it's the economy. They have to cut back somewhere. I will say that our loft was sadly in need of some repair. The paint was cracked and peeling on the trim in the bathroom and as another person reported, the handles in the shower were broken and fell off onto the floor. They did try to fix this while we were there. I was annoyed...what were we paying $700 a night for? I suppose I just expected more from a place that is considered 5 diamond.Skylofts boast about their special attention to detail and offer concierge services for whatever your needs may be. Due to the fact that I had planned our trip throughly over the course of about eight months, I felt confident that all of our requests would be taken care of. A quick double check before we arrived eased my mind a little. Long story short, many of our specific requests had not been taken care of prior to our arrival. A couple of those screw ups were....Our anniversary cake was not the flavors we had ordered....nonetheless it was spectacular....but disappointing in the same bite. I wonder why they even bother asking when they are going to choose for you?Our nightclub VIP reservations were nonexistant upon arrival at the Playboy Club...which started our nightclub experience out on a bad note.....only getting worse as the night went on. I was sadly disappointed at the lack of attention to detail by our concierge, Valerie. You can see my trip report about The Playboy Club on TripAdvisor as well. I will never spend another dime there as long as I live thanks to Valerie and Pasquale Romono, the concierge from Playboy.Just about everything we planned ON OUR OWN outside of the LOFT accommodations, went through without a hitch. All scheduled limos were on time, show tickets were waiting at the box offices, excursions went smoothly. Just about everything we planned throught he LOFT concierge was messed up somehow.One thing that really irritated my husband was the fact that they kept calling him Mr. Pratt. My name is Mrs. Pratt but when we got married I did not take his name. He has a different last name and I specifically told our concierge this in three different emails. She responded that she was glad to know that detail so they could address my husband properly. Right off the bat everyone called him by my last name. I mentioned this several times to the service people and the concierge but it continued throughout the 5 days we were there. I have often wondered since our trip if we were someone of importance if this would have happened continuously throughout our stay.ON A MORE POSITIVE NOTE:We rented a cabana at the MGM pool. If you EVER have a chance to do this I highly recommend it. It was $250 for the day (10-5). We had a phone, TV, stocked refrigerator (colas, water, and snacks) innertubes to use on the lazy river, and comfy couches. We had a range of ages there that day..from 13 to 72. We all enjoyed it. I'm not a sun person so reading a good book in the cabana's shade was fine with me.My husband thoroughly enjoyed his spa experience. The spa is really beautiful and there are services you can use even if you don't want a massage. We had a $100 gift certificate in our LOFT package - can't get better than that. Breakfast for 4 was also included in our LOFT package. They called it a continental breakfast but it was hardly that. It was much more!! Fresh croissants and rolls, cereal, fruit, yogurt, juice, hot chocolate.....I was really impressed with this &quot;free&quot; continental breakfast that cost us $20 each day. Seriously, if they offer you a free breakfast, it really should be free. The breakfast was awesome and came to $100 each day - that part was free - what was not free was the 20% handling fee/gratuity. Nonetheless it was very tasty!!OUR FAVORITE PART: My husband and I chose to have breakfast one morning at The Mansion. I have to say this was the best breakfast I have ever had in my life. The Mansion is located in the MGM and it's hidden. It's the place where the truly elite stay. We're only allowed to eat there..LOL. I had steak and eggs. I've heard people say that their steak melted in their mouth...never believed it....now I do. This was the best steak I've ever had. My juice was freshly squeezed apple juice.....it looked a little gross so I was hesitant....it tasted heavenly. My husband had eggs benedict with caviar. He loved it. The bill, $140 for two....a little high but well worth it.All in all I will probably never stay at the LOFTS again. I felt as if perhaps we were &quot;somebody&quot; or &quot;a celebrity&quot; we may have been treated differently. I didn't like the stuffy air about the place. And the many screw ups by the concierge has led me to believe you don't always get what you pay for.What disappointed me most was that since we did have such a large party, the LOFT's attention to detail was important to me. I didn't want to have to double check THEM on doing THEIR job and most certainly didn't want to expect a day to be planned only to find out it's not and then have chaos. MY personal vacation was ruined by their lack of ability. I chose the LOFTS for that purpose, to help me enjoy myself while I was there and not to have to worry about the details. That didn't happen.	
Aug 15 2009 	Amazing price amazing stay.	Every Summer my father (age 44) takes me (age 13) and my sister (age 10) on a 4 day vacation. This year we chose to go to Las Vegas. When we came off our plane, an employe greeted us and took our bags for us, then transporting us to our hotel in a $300,000 Maybok. Beautiful interroir and very luxurious. The Skylofts had their own seprate entrance, apart from the MGM Grand. They offered us free beverages and were very kind. Also apart from the MGM we had our on elevators which were much for nicer than the MGM elevators. When we exited the elevators, at the top floor, there was another lobby, and three hallways leading to diffrent lofts. Cons: We were expecting a 2 bedroom loft, but instead got a 2 bedroom loft converted to a three bedroom loft. It was very nice but there was no family room with a t.v to watch movies. We ended up getting swtiched the next night to a 2 bedroom loft the same size. Pros: Every loft has a 24/7 butler who is available at the push of a button. Every morning my family would order breakfast for $25 a person, we enjoyed it in our dining room. Our bar fridge was stocked with free beverages, but the snacks were not free. Also all the movies were free and i enjoyed a few in my infinity bathtub in my ensuite. My family loved the desgin on the lofts, the decor, the staff and our experince in Las Vegas.I highly recommend the Skylofts at the MGM Grand to anyone.	
Aug 1 2009 	Amazing Amazing Amazing Amazing. Did I say amazing?	There really are no words to explain how amazing the Skylofts at MGM Grand truly are. I've stayed at the high-end properties in Las Vegas, from the Wynn, to the Bellagio, to the Four Seasons, and would never in my life stay anywhere but the Skylofts if it were up to me. I have now stayed at this property twice, and both stays were amazing. I decided on booking my room through American Express's Platinum Travel service, which partners with the Skylofts as part of their Fine Hotel and Resort program. This entitled me to a 10% discount, room upgrade if available, guaranteed 4PM check-out, complimentary continental breakfast for each day of my staff, and $100 spa credit. The room rate for my booked 1 bedroom loft was under $500 with tax, and I was excited to surprise my partner with our stay at the Skylofts.We drove from Los Angeles to Las Vegas, and arrived at the MGM Grand without problem. Upon entering the property, I gave the Skylofts a call (per their instructions) to ensure someone would be able to meet me at the entrance. Prior to arriving, I had been contacted by the hotel's pre-arrivial coordinator, who helped me book dinner reservations, show reservations, and spa services. She was very helpful, and was definitely able to pull strings that I know I could not have pulled myself. Upon arriving at the Skylofts entrance (the Skylofts has its own private entrance separate from the main MGM Grand entrance), I was met by two staff members, who offered to helped me with my bags. We were escorted through the private Skylofts entrance, past the MGM Grand lobby, into the Skylofts VIP area, and up the private elevators to the MGM Grand's 29th floor. The Skylofts common area is beautifully decorated, very quiet, and makes you feel as if you truly are a VIP. We were taken to our two-bedroom loft (we were upgraded for free because of the American Express booking), which was the most jaw-dropping room I have ever been in. I counted; there were ten plasma televisions, probably eighteen phones throughout the room, and perhaps a half-dozen remote control units that could control the drapery, climate, television,and music. The room was a two-bedroom, two and a half-bath loft, and must have been, roughly 3,000 square feet. Our concierge did the quick paperwork to check us in, and we were given complimentary juices by our butler. Our butler gave us a tour of the room, spent a good 30 minutes showing us every little detail, and had a great sense of humor about everything.Everything in the room was perfect. All the electronics worked, the climate control was prompt, and the concierge was only one button away. I was a little concerned that there was only one button on the phone, but soon realized the concierge could handle everything from room service, to show tickets, to having my car ready. We ordered a quick lunch, which was delivered promptly and was both delicious and very reasonably priced. All the movies, adult films, and internet were free, and we had a great time watching different movies in different rooms (we literally had to call each other a few times because the room was so large). Other nice touches were the amazing steam shower, infinity tub, and &quot;dream butler&quot; (along with the room service menu is a menu for different kinds of pillows, which a nice gentleman brought in and let us test for an optimal sleeping experience). I chose a water-filled one, which was incredibly nice.We decided to ask the concierge to get us show tickets to Cirque Du Soleil's Zumanity for that night's performance, and were amazed to find out we were in the 7th row, and our tickets were heavily discounted. Upon returning to the room, we found a nice dessert left for us, and cute little quotes on our bed to inspire the day. Truly, there is nothing I would change about that room. It was amazing.The next morning, we opted to eat breakfast at The Mansion. The Mansion is an invite-only portion of the MGM Grand, with a few dozen villas for the richest of the rich. Other than paying $5,000 a night for a villa through a service like American Express or Virtuoso, The Mansion can only be accessed if you are invited (high roller, celebrity), though the Skylofts gives you access to their Estate Dining Room for breakfast. Our butler escorted us to The Mansion, and we were seated on the patio. There was only one other gentleman eating there, and we were waited on very promptly. The food was DELICIOUS and, quite honestly, still reasonably priced (we ordered a mimosa, orange juice, pancakes, and bagels and lox, and with tip, the total was under $50). The restaurant manager offered to let us walk around The Mansion, which was a nice treat as it is somewhere that most people will never get to see. It truly is beautiful, and reminds me more of a high-end apartment complex than hotel.My friend took advantage of our $100 spa credit, and used it at the MGM Grand Spa. In the meantime, I went back to the room, had a nice chat with my butler, and enjoyed the steam shower. While hanging out in the 29th floor's common area, I saw few other guests come in and out, though I did see a handful of celebrities (the Jonas Brothers, Jennifer Lopez, and a guy I had seen in movies but had no idea who he was). Upon returning to my room, even at this early hour, I found it cleaned and re-stocked with our choice beverages (Voss Water, Dr. Pepper), all of which were free.I was so sad to leave the Skylofts, especially to go to *gasp* the Wynn. The Skylofts handled every request with a smile and success, whereas the Wynn nickle-and-dimed me for anything and everything. Anyone who has a negative comment about the Skylofts should really have their head checked.	
Jul 27 2009 	The Most Ridiculous Hotel in Vegas - And Thats Hard To Do!!!	Check in goes like this:We flew from LAX with just carry ons. Coming down the escalator an MGM man is there waiting for us. He escorts us outside where our limo driver is waiting. The car is a Maybach (a $200k+ Mercedes sedan). A short drive from the airport to the MGM and we pull past the long line of cars waiting for a check in. Another man in a suit opens my door, he knows my name and introduces himself and 2 other men take my luggage from the car. We walk into the MGM lobby past the check in lines to the VIP check-in room. But we don't stop there. We walk right through the room, past the &quot;normal&quot; VIP's at their private desks and go onto an elevator just for the skylofts. Once up on the top floor we are in yet another lobby with 2 staff at a large desk. We keep walking. They both greet us by name as we pass by. At the end of the hallway I see a woman waiting holding a door open. Of course its my room. We walk right in, so now its me, my wife, the concierege guy who opened the car, two men with our luggage and the door holding woman. Waiting on the dining room table is a portfolio with our room confirmation and a printed itinerary of our dinner plans that i had made in advance and confirmation for VIP seating at a few MGM clubs for the weekend. We sign the paper and most of the staff cordially depart. The door woman now gives a long tour of the two floor hotel room. Tada- you're checked in.That pretty much sums up the over-the-top so incredible its practically invasive level of service at the SkyLofts. Its an incredible property. We only had two complaints 1- the steam shower works so well that the bedroom smells like mold. 2- you MUST use the do-not-disturb signs because the staff comes in SO often you feel like you have houseguests. Staff walked into the bathroom with my wife in the shower. The walked into the living room while i was in the downstairs bathroom. Twice they came in the morning while we were sleeping. Use the do-not-disturb light. Apparently its there for a reason. An example: Your in-room berries are refreshed twice daily. The Lofts dont have their own pool or amenties like The Mansion at MGM but they will allow you to dine at The Mansion if you are a Lofts guest if you ask. We had breakfast there which was sort of neat because most people arent even aware it exists.The lofts are huge and consequently are frequently rented to groups of &quot;6&quot; young men for parties. That of course means 32 young men and all the women they could find at the clubs. They aren't loud, but they definately are quiet. Most of the times you dont see anyone in the elevators or halls, but when you do its typically 10 very drunk people. Viva Las Vegas.Its fun.	
Jul 14 2009 	It was once excellent...not so much now	I have stayed at the SkyLofts twice in the past year. Had I written a review of my first experience, I probably would have given it 5 stars. However, after my most recent experience I am going to rate it at 3. There was such a laundry list of issues with the room and other aspects that I cant possibly give it anything higher.Problems:-Despite multiple confirmations in person and over the phone, they had no record of any request to pick up the 2nd half of the group at the airport, and they ended up wasting an hour waiting for pickup-Despite 4 different complaints throughout the weekend, the air conditioning never worked and the room stayed at a temp of around 80 the entire time.-2 of the different sound systems in the suite were completely blown out-The shower in the master bedroom was totally disfunctional. The temperature gauge was useless and 2 of the handles were completely broken off.-4 of us were stuck in the elevator for 5 minutes, continuously ringing the alarm. After no one checked on us, we physically pried open the doors and climbed out.I don't know if this is because of the troubled economy or what, but the room was in terrible physical shape and the service, although still pretty good, was much worse than before. I would still recommend this place but ONLY if you can get a really good deal on one of the rooms. If you're considering spending any more than $1500 on a 2 bedroom loft, I would go somewhere else. Also, it is located at the MGM, which is a major downside as it is just terrible when compared to the newer places such as The Wynn, Venetian, Bellagio, etc.	
Jul 12 2009 	Truly Outstanding Five-Star Experience - Despite the	My partner and I had decided to head down to Vegas to get hitched, and to make the experience a memorable one, after reading all the positive feedback on the Skylofts we thought we'd give them a go.From the moment we stepped off the pane and were met by our personal customer service rep, to when we sank back into the luxurious leather seats of the $450,000 Maybach 62 courtesy transfer limousine - I knew we were in for a treat. These guys actually GET service (maybe a little too much).We were greeted at the hotel by our personal concierge, who introduced us to the myriad of staff who would be looking after us during our stay - butler, facilities, etc. It was slightly daunting at first, but we quickly got over that.The Skylofts are more expensive than most of the top level rooms on the strip, but are definitely worth it. They are 2 x level luxury apartments with a separate lounge/dining/study level with great views of the strip.Something as simple as room service is a truly wonderful experience - with staff taking time to set up the whole meal at your dining table every time - true in room dining.The spa and steam room, combined with the Bvlgari bath products make bathing an even more pleasurable experience.The only negatives we could find were that the air-conditioning in the rooms is very dry. We would regularly wake up in the morning extremely dehydrated and turning it off was not really an option. The other slightly negative comment related to tipping. I'm aware that tipping is the norm in the US, and ordinarily I don't have an issue with this. But as we had encountered at least 5 x staff before even getting to our room (limo driver, concierge, butler, porter, etc), combined with all the others during our stay, we found ourselves constantly tipping staff.I also agree with oscar2405's comments about lack of privacy. Being a regular hotel stayer i've gotten into the habit of dead-locking the door every time i'm in a room - this is due to the experience of staff entering the room (at all hours) without your authority. I found that at Skylofts the staff would knock/ring the bell and enter before you had a chance to actually get to the door to open it. If you were in the shower or napping, they would end up calling you to get you to open the door - which was annoying.The other thing that surprised us was the actual MGM lobby/casino. Rowdy, intoxicated, shirtless teenagers, and people milling around (sitting on the floor) the lobby were a regular sight. Combined with the stinking smoke filled casino, full of people wearing bathers made us wonder if we were actually staying at a 5-star hotel or a Club Med resort - no wonder they have a private entrance/check in for Skyloft guests.	
Jul 4 2009 	Skylofts is Heaven on Earth	There are some hotels in the world that have a very devout following. Even staying one night at the Skylofts, one understands this concept very well. After being a guest at the Skylofts you understand what it means to be pampered and attended to is like. The entire experience is truly luxurious.After making reservations, I was contacted the next day regarding my pickup information and my personal preferences for soft drinks, coffees, juices or other assistance with dining or show reservations.There was a slight glitch with the pickup service but it was handled very professionally and gracefully. We were picked up in the MGM limo due to other pickups but the Mayback would have been nicer. We were greeted curbside by a Concierge and our personal bellman and shown to the new (since Jan ’09) Skylobby adjacent to the MGM main lobby area. It is a small registration area staffed with a 24hr Concierge and Ambassador who will arrange for transportation (ie private taxi line). I think after a few complaints the MGM built the separate Skylobby to compete with the exclusive hotels-within-hotels trend. I appreciate that alot: a hotel that listens. Prior to the Skylobby, guests of the Skylofts had to wait in the same lines as guests of the MGM for taxis. Not exactly optimal if you’re paying upwards of $500/night. We were whisked through the VIP Lounge to the private elevators of the Skylofts. Already waiting for us outside our Loft was our Butler and Bellman with our luggage in tow. “Sign here,” and our keys were handed to us. My favorite drink, watermelon juice, was waiting for us on the dining table as well as an icy Dr Pepper for my partner. I actually think they remembered how much I loved watermelon juice from my previous stay. Amazing. We were shown the multitude of gadgets and endless features of the Loft: Jura Espresso Machine, Kohler Infinity Edge Bubble Jet tub, Sony TV, B &amp; O sound systems, and Crestron Controls for lighting, drapes, climate, and electronics. Then you are left in peace so you can, as another reviewer stated, to pick your jaw up from the floor. There are endless rooms that continue to go on and on. The two bedroom consisted of three living areas, three dining areas, powder bath, and gameroom with a fooseball table. Upstairs, one bedroom with King bed and another bedroom with two Queen beds each with private baths that including the Infinity tub, Steam Shower with multiple body sprays and rainshowers, toilets with bidets and closets as big as some New York City hotel rooms. The Skylofts have complimentary internet access throughout and On-Demand movies, yes even those movies.... Your loft is always refreshed with your favorite non-alcoholic beverages and some light refreshements twice daily. This is the type of establishment where staff stand up when you walk off the elevator, step aside in the hallway, and address you always by last name. But never at anytime did it ever feel stuffy or overbearing. We just felt tended to.I must mention the housekeeping and turndown service are exemplary. The Lofts are kept spotless. Our turndown service was beyond slippers beside the bed and chocolate on the pillows. Our toiletries we brought with us were laid out neatly on the vanity, my toothbrush was tucked into its own linen napkin, the clothes strewn across the chaise were neatly hung in the closet, shoes laid out in a perfect row, the Kleenexes were embossed with the Skylofts logo, and our sunglasses placed on yet another linen napkin. And Voss water with glass next to the bed on, you guessed it, another linen napkin. Awesome.We ordered room service breakfast for 8:00 am delivery. At exactly 8:00 we came downstairs to the main dining table and breakfast was served. Not the standard issue cart or tray room service but fully laid out china and silverware, restaurant quality dining service for two. This is not merely a hotel. It is an experience. A total sensory overload and a pure only-in-Vegas decadence.	
Jun 12 2009 	Perfect Almost	My wife and I stayed at the MGM Skylofts June 7-11th. The Skylofts really are in a class by themselves. The service is really what sets them apart from other high end Vegas Suites. I have stayed at the Wynn Salon and Parlor Suites, both are very very nice but the Skylofts have them beat. Only at the Skylofts can you wake up to breakfast waiting at your in suite dining table and the Butler (yes I said Butler) is making your Latte. The Butler is not your full-time private butler it is one of a pool assigned to the Skyloft suites. Therefor should you want him/her in suite making your latte at 8am promptly you need to make your request in advance. That being said if you decide at 8am that you want a latte it's pretty safe to assume the butler will be there making it within 5 minutes of calling the concierge.Anytime you walk through the Skylofts lobby any employee sitting will stand and greet you and any employee standing will move aside greet you and humbly wait for you to walk by. With one exception, one of the staff will race to the elevator to press the call button for you, pretty easy to get accustomed to. I booked through Amex FHR for roughly the same price as the Wynns parlor suite(mid week). I was upgraded from a one to two bedroom Skyloft suite. It included Free wirless internet, Free continental breakfast, all the non-alcoholic beverages you can drink, free limo to and from the airpot and $100 spa credit. If you add up all the extras you really are getting a big bang for your buckIf you are going as a couple (just two people) don't bother getting the two suite upgrade unless you plan to have a party in your suite. The two bedroom suite was so large (3000 square feet) that we rarely even ventured into the other side.So by now you're asking why does the title of my review say &quot;Almost Perfect&quot; Here's why, a few of my small request did not happen immediately and I had to reiterate my request. The staff apologized and promptly took care of the requests but that would never happen at the Mandarin Oriental in Tokyo the only place I have received better service than the Skylofts. In conclusion unless you are a Casino Whale there is no better suite or no better service that you will get anywhere else in Vegas. Do yourself a favor, stop researching Vegas Suites and book the Skylofts nothing else compares.	
Jun 8 2009 	Nice Hotel but overbearing tip seeking staff and no respect for privacy	We were in Las Vegas to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary and my 40th birthday. So after staying on the north end of the strip for three nights at the Encore in the Tower suite section we then headed down to the Skylofts for 2 more nights.Firstly all our bookings were done direct with the hotel well in advance of our trip from Australia. We received excellent service from Valerie, the event concierge service that is on offer once you make a booking. Valerie assisted us with all of our bookings for restaurants, activities and show (L'atelier, The Mansion) plus multiple services at the day spa for my wife and golf for myself at Shadow Creek.. Best person we dealt with for our stay, everything was spot on as requested.The services from all of these areas mentioned above was excellent. Best golf course I have played on anywhere in the world to date and my caddy Ryan was excellent. Ok it did cost me US$650 including tips for the round that included private maybach car transfers, club hire, buggy and drinks but hey you only turn 40 once. Great memories and played good golf which added to the day.Now as for our stay we left with mixed feelings mainly to do with the staff rather than the ammenities on offer. Yes the rooms are very nice and large mezzanine style apartments with high end finishes and great views etc. The previous reviews have mentioned all of the gadgets and tvs, baths, automated accessories etc. So no issues here - very nice set up and the space is great even when you have come from a bigger than normal hotel suite. The room in places was however a little worn, the limestone flooring was chipped and discoloured in places, the timber boards of the landing on the stairs warped and split, the carpet, walkways and lounge suite also showed signs of guest wear and tear. The decor is nothing offensive nor cutting edge however the 2 storey window view of the strip etc was incredible. The decorated cake, box of chocolates and fresh juice on arrival was a very personal touch for our stay.The steam room shower was excellent although the negative egde spa looks great is was not comfortable nor was the bubble pattern adjustable to a more vigorous setting. Imagine sitting in a half flat bottle of soft drink, yes you know there are bubbles but they aren't really doing much to your senses. The Bvlgari bath products provided were exquisite.During our stay we needed some laundry done as we were short of clothes due to the warm Las Vegas weather and the disgusting smell of cigarette smoke throughout the various casinos. So we had our butler organise this for us. Should have known better and this proved not a wise move - $160 just for the washing plus butler tip on top as well. Our small amount of washing was beautifully clean and individually folded and wrapped.So what about the staff you ask? Check in was fine the Maybach driver collected us from Encore and we were handed over to a concierge person, then a check in counter person then on to our room butler, plus a visit from the bag person as well. Of course other than the reservation attendants everyone else stands around waiting for tips. So you tip and go with the flow. 2. Housekeeping comes twice a day and take an eternity to do their thing, mind you there are two of them working the room and of course they make sure they come and say hello and collect their tip. OK I know in the US tipping is the norm but at some point the fee you pay to stay in a hotel should be sufficient for staff to be paid a decent income for their employment) in this instance where is my $900 p/n going if the cleaners are both standing there waiting for a tip?) don't forget the tip for the ice delivery, the room service,( even though they already add gratuity + a service fee to the bill), room butler, car driver the list never ends, oh and the butler to escort you to breakfast at the Mansion. You cannot move about the place without someone wanting to &quot;latch&quot; on and do this or do that. I appreciate its a fine line between service and over servicing guests, but after a while it does get annoying as we felt there was no privacy in or out of the room. We might as well have had a revolving door for the myriad of staff who come and go as they please. If guests want assistance they will ask and no doubt the Skylofts staff will deliver, but, otherwise give guests the privacy they deserve!On the second night, turn down service took 20 minutes and a third person / manager was in attendance the whole time as well. My pet hate throughout our stay was the continuously ignored privacy sign on the door. Staff would ring the door bell then proceed to opening the door and entering the room. I spoke with the concierge / service desk to ask them for privacy and even this failed. I went to golf and my wife wanted a spa bath so I politely asked them not to have anyone enter the room. No problem I was assured, so 15 minutes after me leaving, my wife answered the phone from the spa only to find a man from housekeeping at the door wanting to come into the room to store our laundry. Hell does anyone here understand what Do Not Disturb means? (PS there is a huge glass panel between the bath and the stairwell so there is certainly no privacy from unwanted guests or hotel staff.).3. Everytime we left our room or came out of the lifts and passed the service staff desk they all stood up to attention. A very nice gesture but totally unwarranted and despite our requests for them not to stand up they continued this throughout our stay. Look we are just normal people trying to enjoy our time away. Skylofts may have a high end hotel but not all guests want to overtly flash there wealth position or act like pretentious wannabes or upper crusted higher than thou types who demand everything and anything. Some people just like to be humble and private rather than in your face. Skylofts obviously has fewer guests in the humble category and more of the demanding style clientele as they are well geared for this latter style customer. As a side note Skylofts hotel area is in the top 2 floors of the MGM Grand. It is very private and quiet unlike the general MGM casino below it. At the time of our stay it was coming up to memorial weekend as well as a big fight night in their show room so the general casino area was very busy. The casino was filled with people from all walks of life as well as the smoke from the millions of cigarattes they bring with them. The general casino is dated and and we felt sorry for the staff working in these conditions and with the numerous intoxicated and obnoxious patrons they are forced to deal with. Now as a Skylofts guest you need to go through the general hotel lift well area to get to the designated Skylofts lifts door. To do this you must work your way through the crowded waiting masses who think you are trying to push in for a limited spot in their lift. So you are in fact running the gauntlet of the gatherings of loud and intoxicated masses - not an experience for the faint hearted. It was an indifferent experience at Skylofts, brilliant in so many areas but then mixed with some basic areas, along with some instances that were either lacking or just down right annoying. Not sure we would rush back to Skylofts or the MGM Grand. Thanks to those staff that did listen and help us during our stay.	
May 28 2009 	The Ultimate Indulgence	Spent 7 nights with my fiancee in the Skylofts, nothing was left to be desired, from the VIP Check-In to the Maybach transfers..You have to experience it to believe it...	
May 13 2009 	best hotel in vegas	The Skylofts at MGM Grand is truely an exceptional boutique hotel. I have stayed at almost every large resort on the strip, and this hotel beats them all, but it comes at a price. We were fortunate to get a decent nightly rate, which helped me justify the cost. My advice is to keep checking the hotels website for cheaper rates. I booked about seven weeks prior to traveling, and the rate dropped two times before we left, and everytime I called, they changed the rate for me with no problems. A day after making my reservation, a hotel conceirge representative e-mailed me wanting to know if I need any help with reservations. I did and she made me show and dinner reservations. I highly recommend Craftsteak at the MGM, excellent steak and service. The conceirge informed me they would have someone meet me at the airport and bring me to the hotel. Upon arriving in Vegas, my wife and I stepped off the plane, and there was a gentleman standing there with our name on a sign. We introduced ourselves and he escorted us to baggage claim to retreive our luggage. I was under the impression, there would be someone standing in baggage claim waiting for us, but to have someone standing outside the gate, in the terminal, we honestly felt like a VIP. We found our luggage and were wisked away in a Maybach limo, which was an awesome experience.After check-in, we were escorted to our room, where we met our butler, who gave us a tour of our one bedroom loft. The downstairs has a living room with a couch, two chairs and tv. There is a study area which has a fax machine, telephone and free wifi. There is a half bath and a dining room area, with a nice long table, which has a wet bar, and mini fridge, stocked with water, soft drinks, and beer. All of the soft drinks and bottled water are free. Upstairs in the loft, is the bedroom and bathroom. The bathroom is unique. A nice infinity edge bathtub, complete with whirlool, which has a flat screen tv in front of you. The shower has a rain shower head, and sauna, which I found completely relaxing. The last cool feature of the bathroom is that there is a tv in the mirror, very cool. All of the lights, tv, air conditioning, and shades are controlled by a universal remote. You can literally be laying in bed, and turn the TV on, turn the lights off, and close the shades with a touch of a few buttons. I first read about this and thought i would find it confusing, but its quite easy to operate.The service is first class. There is a conceirge desk in the lobby. There was always someone there, and ready to assist us if we need anything. This is a five diamond hotel and they certainly deserve the ranking. Lastly, I have stayed at Paris, New York New York, Mandalay Bay, The Hotel at Mandalay Bay, Wynn, and the Mirage, and I am sure none of these or any other can compare to the Skylofts. If you are looking to splurge for a few days, then this is the hotel for you.	
Mar 12 2009	Value for $$$$$	Yep. Depending on how you look at it, you can really get your money's worth out of this place. I think the lowest rates they do are at around $500 a night. Expensive - yes. But I go to Vegas a lot and just wanted a place at the MGM to chill in out without the rest of the sightseeing marathon. But for $500 you get an AMAZING 2 floor penthouse, roundtrip limo or Maybach transfers, free gym access (they have a small gym up there or you can use the main MGM gym), all the free soft drinks/water/coffee/tea you can guzzle, free internet, free in room movies (including the adult stuff.....), enough Bulgari bath products to last you a life time. There's probably a lot more stuff that you get included. I stay at the Wynn/Encore a lot where in just a regular sized room they charge you at least $8 for water, $15 per day for internet, $13 per movie, $30 for use of the gym - and if you want a car to pick you up at the airport, its gonna cost. You do the math on how much extra you spend for an average sized hotel room elsewhere. I can't imagine there are many other hotels as good as this in America - and if they are, they're not going to be anywhere near as good value for money. Yes, $500 is a lot per night. But there is a lot of value in it for a high end experience. Stay here at least once and don't leave for the entire trip. Also make sure you get breakfast at The Mansion. Unless you're a serious high-roller, there's no other way to get into that place. And it is stunning. Staff can be a little over bearing though. Butlers and maids coming throughout the day probably expect to be tipped a little more than usual.	
Feb 28 2009 	Amazing	Just returned from a few day visit at skyloft/las vegas. It is a different world from the rest of the las vegas hotels. The rooms are 2 large floors which are tastefully decorated- no gold carpet- gigantic shower, bathroom, closet, great sound system bring your ipod - I only wish I could live at home in something so big. Check in took 2 minutes and express elevator takes you right to the floor. Quiet rooms - you won't hear anyone coming down the hall late at night. There are people to help you everywhere and every second- need a reservation no problem, don't know where the health club is they will walk you there, the butler will unpack your suitcase, need breakfast at 5 am its there, as well as pick up from the airport. The room is stocked with water, soda which is good since las vegas water tastes awful. The staff is so friendly and nice. The down side is the price of course, whether its worth the money is up to you, for me it was a special occasion- the other is that in comparison to skylofts the rest of the mgm hotel feels sort of trashy and the pool area is nothing special- no special pool service for skylofts- they definitely need their own pool. But for amazing service and accommodations nothing can beat this place. You will certainly wow whoever you bring .	
Dec 31 2008 	Very Chic 	Very Chic and Sexy.....getaway find it at the MGM Grand Skylofts!I chose to stay at the Skylofts because the photos online and the amenities included with your stay (Maybach limo transport). I am an extremely picky traveler who expects alot depending upon my purpose of travel. Since I was celebrating my birthday I had specific requests so that I would enjoy myself. Seven of my closest friends were flying in so the Skyloft concierge team had to plan out a small dinner party for seven and limo pickups and nightclub VIP seatings etc. From the very beginning the hotel did not miss a beat. The customer service was absolutely outstanding. When I got to the airport there was a young lady waiting at the gate to greet me. We arrive at the hotel in an MGM grand limo that was refreshed with Fiji bottled water. Upon arrival we had the no waiting approach we accessed a private elevator right to the room I was staying in. When I got to the room the check in process began. The room is supplied with butlers and maids round the clock. The butler gave us a tour, and the room was more than I expected. Extremely contemporary and very sexy. This was the first time Ive seen a shower with see through walls so others in the room could see you take your shower. There is an ipod hookup on the main level to which you can control your ipod via remote. And the music can be heard (surround sound speakers in every room) throughout the loft, very sexy. This is not mention in advertisment. The butler set up for my party and the table was georgous. the food was outstanding!!! Compliments to the chef. My Bday cake was a beautifully decorated chocolate that was magnificent. Overall the room was spotless (that means no dust and no scuff marks on the floor or walls and of course general cleanliness beds and baths)!!! The fridge come fully stocked with complimentary beverages (incl Voss water-sparkling and still). I could go on.... But I can not do my experience justice....check out the hidden gem on the roof of the MGM Grand Hotel for yourself you won't regret it! some concerns: At check two of my friends were there she could have been more decrete about how much the room cost etc. and the maids and butler have access all day so you never really know when they will enter the loft. Had to renew key at least three times. cont. to get demagnitized	
Dec 23 2008 	Absolutely FABulous!!!	I have stayed at many luxurious hotels and the SKYLOFTS was absolutely the best one!!! My friends and I decided to live it up and stay at the best place in Vegas and we booked a loft for the weekend and we were absolutely blown away! First of all, our check-in process was very personal and walking through the doors and seeing the views was breathtaking. The furnishings was hip and luxurious, we had our own personal butler to help us with whatever we needed...What a treat! Next time I am going with my fiance....	
Dec 8 2008	Didn't live up to expectations	We stayed at Skylofts for a few nights nights recently. We had high expectations considering the very positive reviews it has received to date, but our experience was a little disappointing. We can concur that the rooms are luxuriously appointed and spacious and our experience was not negative, however, we had some issues with Skylofts, which are not acceptable for the price we paid for staying at Skylofts, including:- the minibar includes water and softdrinks which are complimentary. We made a small request for the minibar to include orange juice which, although agreed to, never turned up.- we noted that we wanted to go to the grand canyon and the concierge booked a helicopter tour for us and told us that the tour would take approximately 7 hours. We booked for one day, but at the last minute the tour was cancelled. So we re-booked the tour for the following day, which meant that we had to cancel our special plans that we had made for dinner that night because, based on what we were told, we would not get back in time from the tour. The tour in fact lasted only 2.5 hours, therefore we need not have cancelled our plans. We wondered how the concierge could have got it so wrong.- Skylofts provide a limosuine transfer to and from the airport (a 5 minute journey). Upon checking out, we were told to simply arrive at the designated meeting point at a certain time and all would be taken care of. We arrived at the designated meeting point but it was not a seemless service. Our luggage was nowhere to be found and we had to wait 20 mins for it to be collected and needed to constantly remind staff that we were still waiting. - We found the service to be a bit too &quot;full on&quot;. Each time we walked out of our room or through reception, an army of people were greeting us and asking us if we needed help and offering us different services. Check in alone required us to liaise with at least 6 different staff members (all of which required a tip). In such a high end hotel, we would prefer a little more privacy and for service to be delivered in a subtle and seemless fashion. We found the constant interaction with staff a little uncomfortable and unnecesarry. However, having said this, we did enjoy staying at Skylofts and there were some highlights such as a generous amount of chocolate strawberries on arrival, petit fours provided with the turn down service and efficient servicing of the room, but we expected a lot more for the price we paid.	
Dec 8 2008 	heaven is a place on earth... called skylofts	From the moment you make your reservation, you know you are in for a treat. I had read quite a few reviews prior to booking and was still blown away by the magnificent level of service that they extend to all their guests. After booking online, I received an email from Valerie who thanked us for booking and invited me to call or email for restaurant reservations, show tickets etc. I called Valerie and requested restaurant bookings both at the MGM hotel (Craftsteak = Delicious) and at other restaurants where I did not believe that they took reservations. Guess they do for the skylofts as our 7:30pm table was ready &amp; waiting. Wanted to see Kai (great show btw if you have seen O) and got preferred seating. I also requested a strip view room &amp; received it despite arriving 5 hours earlier than the 3pm check in time.On arrival at the airport, we were greeted at the gate by a lovely skyloft Representative who escorted us to the luggage carousal. We were taken outside and the renowned Maybach62 pulled up to the delight of my two daughters who did not know where we were staying in Vegas. On arrival at the MGM, the concierge &amp; bellman were waiting. We were escorted passed the check in desks, through a VIP room to the two separate elevators. Up on the 29th floor, they have two desks with people to assist you with any reservations you may have forgotten to pre arrange. The lobby do have drinks served during certain times but we did not indulge during our stay. We were escorted down the hallway and could see Art, the butler, standing at the door of the loft. Check-in is in the room at the dining room table while the bellman takes your bags upstairs to the bedroom and you sip your welcome juice. I had a two bedroom suite which I booked based on previous reviewers and was so very glad I spend the extra amount as the master bathroom is to die for. After check in Art showed us around the loft which has all the latest electronics which work at a touch of button along with drapes, climate &amp; lights. Loved the day, night &amp; mood lighting around the loft. Ladies, if you normally take an hour to get ready to go out, expect to take two hours when you stay in the skylofts. The large shower doubles as a steam room with bench. I put cleanser on my face and did a steam for 30mins. Don't do that as I got a rash. The infinity tub has the lights &amp; champagne bubbles and faces the flat screen tv. The tv in the mirror is fun. The gown and slippers are comfy. The heated towel rack another great addition as is the walk in closet. The Bvlgari body wash, shampoo &amp; conditioner are another treat.The upstairs bedrooms are large with wonderful bedding and soft beds. Downstairs, we had two lounges, a media room with card table &amp; dining room. Turn down service is the best I have ever encountered anywhere. The rooms are cleaned and used items replaced. They even arranged all my cosmetics in the bathroom on white cloths with product names facing up &amp; in order of use. Cool bottled water next to the bed and a small gift + flower on the bed with a card. After leaving the &quot;do not disturb&quot; on until noon, we switched to make up room and by the time we walked to the end of the hallway, someone was waiting from housekeeping to refresh our room. Complimentary water, soda's, newspapers, internet &amp; inroom movies. You can also request a laptop, video games &amp; DVD's. In Room breakfast was served by Art and was hot &amp; delicious. You have to request toast as it is not on the inroom dining card. Requested and received a later check out until 3pm.Check out was quick as was the transfer to the waiting Maybach62. The skylofts charm is in the staff. The courteous, charming interaction with everyone was much appreciated. Many reviewers have remarked on the tipping. I did tip but never felt that anyone was waiting for it. Keep checking the mgm skylofts website calendar to see when the prices suit you and treat yourself and love ones to the best hotel in Vegas. The memories will last until your next visit.	
Dec 6 2008 	Luxury	Wonderful property. The best amenities in a room that I have found available. Would not stay anywhere else in Vegas.	
Nov 21 2008 	Beautiful	What can I say....The MGM grand hotel has everything there, you dont need to go anywhere :o) All of the restaurants there are awesome (Diegos was yummy!)The rooms are beautiful and service is impeccable. Everyone needs to stay at The Skylofts.	
Oct 20 2008 	Speechless	The SKYLOFT is....there are no words to describe how GREAT this hotel is to their guests; (if you are trying to plan a surprise they do know how to keep secrets). My fiancée plan this trip for US and everyone but me knew about his secret proposal. The staff is great they are always there when you need something, if they do not have it they will go downstairs to get what you want. You do not have to lift your figure for nothing. If you need help planning a special occasion tell them what you want and how you want it and they will do the rest for you. I could not ask for a better place to stay. This place is worth every penny. You will truly feel like VIP!!!	
Sep 15 2008 	Fantastic Experience	My boyfriend had stayed at SKYLOFTS numerous times during business trips, but this was my first time both to Skylofts and to Las Vegas. We had a two-bedroom loft and from the moment we stepped off the plane the magic started happening. From a gate greet at the airport to the Maybach that ferried us to the front doors of the MGM, to stepping into an impeccable set of rooms, it was something else. I've stayed at some very nice hotels in the past, but this one far surpassed any expectations I had! It is comfortably furnished with gleaming table surfaces, impeccable decorations and starched, snow-white sheets on the beds. Of course, the real bonus of Skylofts is the incredible service that comes with it. There was generally a butler hovering around somewhere, picking things up or checking on our welfare, and things were always picked up and taken care of. If we needed something, the butler or concierge took our request and it was fulfilled within moments. Show tickets? Dinner reservations? Transport to a club or other casino? You name it, and it was done FAST.The little extras that come with the loft are, too, a big bonus. The infinity tubs in the bathrooms, TVs all over the place, sound systems that pipe over the entire loft, and excellent room sound insulation all only added to the experience. What fun to watch a movie while soaking in one of the most fantastic bathtubs I've ever sat in! In my world, it doesn't get much better. :)There were a few things that could be improved upon. The air conditioning is not the best, though, to be fair, I like my rooms icy cold (67 degrees or lower). Also, I'm something of a bed snob and like soft, cushy beds, and the Skylofts beds are rather firm. I never had trouble falling asleep or anything like that, but I would have much preferred a plushier surface to sink in to! However, those things are all small when compared with the grandeur and service that SKYLOFTS offers.	
Aug 27 2008 	Great Hotel!	The Skylofts are the best place to stay at in Vegas especially for first timers. What they offer has been already mentioned in the previous reviews, it is all true, The service is excellent, you won't need anything while staying there, they simply are excellent in catering to all your needs, we have been placed on the VIP lists for the night clubs we had visited, we saved hours of waiting in line and boy these lines are long! Thank you to all the employees of the Skylofts you really made my vacation in Vegas a special one. One more thing, the MGM is a great hotel, honestly it is one of the best hotels i have been to in Vegas, it compares with all the other high end hotels out there.	
Aug 25 2008 	Blown Away	We were visiting Las Vegas for the 5th time this year and our first stay at the Skylofts. We were there for 4 nights and the service was spectacular. We have already booked our next trip and would reccomend this hotel for everyone.	
Aug 24 2008 	Amazing!	These ultra luxurious penthouse lofts were amazing! They have someone waiting right outside the airport gate to greet you and escort you to your private limo. The limo then drives you directly to the MGM Grand where you are greeted by your personal concierge. She then takes you to the private elevators that go to the 29th floor where all the Skylofts are. Check in is done in the privacy of your loft where you are greeted by your personal butler that takes care of your every whim, including unpacking your bags (although I chose to do this myself, we did take advantage of the pressing services). The butler immediately stocked the fridge with the beverages of our choice, showed us how to work the espresso machine and gave us a full tour of the loft and how the remote system works. Everything in the loft is controlled by remote - lights, tv, radio, climate and drapes. The butler checks on you 4 times a day and is available by phone whenever you need anything. The housekeeping staff keeps your bathroom stocked with the basic Bvlgari amenities and anything else you could possibly need (toothbrush, razor, shaving gel, after shave, cologne, mouthwash, everything). The first night I was there I developed a blister on my foot from my new shoes. The housekeeping staff rushed two Band-Aids up to the loft. The docking station wasn’t accepting our ipod, so 2 IT guys were there within minutes to diagnose and fix the issue. I couldn’t figure out how to get hot water out of the espresso machine to make tea, the butler was there in a flash to save the day! The concierge coordinated all the services including all reservations and help from the other staff members. When we asked concierge how to get to Craftsteak where we had dinner reservations, they wouldn’t think of giving us directions. Instead, they escorted us to the restaurant and explained our tardiness to the hostess where we were immediately seated with a smile. We understand that the night before, the Obama’s and Clintons dined there. We ordered from their summer menu which included wonderful selections that gave you a taste of the chefs favorite items, including deep sea scallops, sautéed shitake mushrooms, kobe steak, quail etc.) We had so much food left over, we asked if it would be at all possible to box it up. We were told that the butler would take care of everything. The next day we called the butler for our leftovers and he heated the food and brought it to our loft, set it up on our dining table and it was more than enough for the both of us.  We saw a super fun show called Crazy Horse Paris. It’s based on the original Crazy Horse in Paris and is a burlesque type of show with wonderfully ballet trained dancers. Very entertaining.  On our final day, we decided to eat breakfast at the mansion. These are the rooms that start at $5000 a night and are reserved solely for the high rollers and celebrities. The mansion restaurant is reserved solely for the residents of the mansion but privileges are given to Skyloft residents as well, but you have to be escorted by your butler. We made 8:30 reservations, sat on the patio overlooking the beautiful courtyard and we dined alone as no one else was in the restaurant but us. The patio is enclosed by a dome and is temperature controlled to 70 degrees. We would highly recommend the Skylofts for anyone wanting to be pampered.	
Aug 6 2008 	Great vacation but somethings off	My 3rd visit to the Skylofts and I already booked my 4th visit. I have noticed a difference though. The difference is the extra touch here and there. The air conditioning was at best bad. My last 2 visits I never had that problem. The non cleaning up of dishes more then once a day. Fruit tray not left durring the day anymore. Only non alcoholic beverages in the fridge are complimentary. I don't drink so to me its the difference in policy. They still leave a little something at night though. There is a subtle difference and not for the better. I do believe its because of the drop in price. 1 bedroom going for $500 per and 2 bedroom starting at $700. When you start to see things like this the quality goes down. The rooms are getting worn and dirty. Most of these dirty areas are the couch areas in the den area of the suite. I get the 2 bedroom for the bathrooms. The tubs are great but are not working at full strength. The first 2 visits I dealt with my Butler on everything in the room but not this time. I saw him 1 time at the first meeting and gave him $100 and didn't see him again. The room service was done by a regular server you get in any room. The dishes were picked up only after a call was made. I don't like having a butler up my butt but this 3rd time I did see the difference he makes. I always came back to a clean room and he made sure things got done. This time I had to make calls. I gave out over $1000 in tips durring my first day from the car service to maids so it wasn't from a lack of tipping. Actually everyone always stopped us to talk. This trip just lacked that next step of quality you expect when you stay at the skylofts. I did book my next visit to the skylofts but I will be looking for my next penthouse suite if things don't go back to normal. If the next visit is my last it was a nice run. Nothing lasts forever. Something new always comes around. I hope you have a great vacation. Even the skylofts can have an off week.	
Jul 27 2008	Over the top fun	I stayed here with my boyfriend to celebrate our 3rd anniversary, and we both absolutely loved it. What made Skylofts different for me was the combination of service and over the top technology / ammenities. Do you need a television in your bathroom mirror so that you can watch Friends while your brush your teeth? Probably not, but it was fun to have that, and many other little things that made you say 'wow'. The service was fantastic, again, in keeping with that over-the-top vibe. Example - if you pass a maid or concierge in the hallway they will step to one side and stand smiling in place until you have exited the hallway. It starts to look like the Queen is coming if there happen to be multiple staff members out who all line up! I found everyone to be warm, friendly, and personable.The little touches were nice as well - a special surprise cake when we arrived to celebrate our anniversary, a different treat every night (warm pastries one night, a CD of relaxing music turned on the next, etc.) They really went out of their way to make it a special experience.My one note on things that could stand an upgrade would be the pools and possibly the fitness center. I say possibly because as far as I know there wasn't one in the Skylofts, but I didn't specifically call to ask. If there was one we weren't aware of it - the MGM center is available but at a daily fee. My boyfriend and I had a blast at the pools but they are on the wild side with many people and kids. I believe I heard that Skylofts is currently building a pool for guests.Overall, though, those thoughts are extremely minor in relation to my overall experience. Expensive, but for what you get, we thought it was well worth it!	
Jul 24 2008 	"the sky is the limit"	Our son surprised us with a night at the Sky Lofts on a recent trip to Las Vegas. We stayed in a 2 bedroom room and were wowed with every aspect of the experience, the luxurious linens adorned with a fresh flower, outrageous bathrooms with zero edge tub and steam shower, Expresso machine, extraordinary service and on and on. The most luxurious suite we have ever had the opportunity to relax in. Great views of New York New York and a scrumptious dinner at Craft Steak made it an unforgettable experience! We have told many of our friends and family about Sky Lofts	
Jul 23 2008 	Loved it!!	We stayed at the Skylofts in a 2 bedroom suite and I have to say it was worth every penny. I was with my husband, our two older children, ages 9 &amp; 7, and my 25 yr old niece. It was very spacious and the view was great. The bathrooms are to dye for with the soaking tubs and steam shower. My kids also loved the pool table in the suite and the electonics and flat screen TVs kept them busy. I counted 9 TVs in the suite (much more than is needed). One of the best things was the butler and concierge service. We could get menus from all the restaurants at MGM and have everything delivered and set up in our suite!!! (which is great with young children), no reservations!!!! The pool area was also wonderful. We rented a cabana for the day and let the kids play on the lazy river all day while my niece and I relaxed and were waited on. I would love to go back if I can get a reservation!!!!!	
Jul 21 2008 	Simply Magical!!	We stayed at the MGM Skylofts on July 5th -8th.It was definitely the NICEST hotel that I've ever had the pleasure to stay in.Our pre-arrival concierge, Valerie Rubenstein, was an absolute delight to work with!! She arranged our pick up from the Hilton Grand Vacations in the Maybach (this was awesome, especially Frankie!) We were met by Aldene Silva. We were able to deal with her several other times and she was also a wonderful person!! I do not remember the names of all the concierge's or butlers that we encountered. But, I do know that each one treated me wonderfully. I felt like a VIP, even though I am not.We were there to celebrate our 28th anniversary. All the plans were executed to perfection, with a special surprise!! I attached a picture of the anniversary cake that was waiting for us that evening. The loft does have a lot of fun features. I LOVED the closet!! For the first time I felt I had plenty of room for all my &quot;stuff&quot;.I found the television in the bathroom mirror quite fun, too.The peephole on the front door was one of my favorite features.You touched a button and you could see right outside your door.The weather was extremely warm while we were there. And, our bedroom and bathroom upstairs was VERY WARM. We kept the blackout drapes and the curtains closed. They did bring up fans for us, though. I did not choose to leave because of the people.I have never felt so genuinely welcomed in my life! If you have a special occasion or just want to splurge...I highly recommend the Skylofts. The room is beyond words, the people are exceptional and the experience for us was magical.I fell in love with Las Vegas and the Skylofts.	
Jul 16 2008 	Nice hotel room	We found the Skylofts to be very luxurious and spacious. After reading all of the wonderful reviews however I was a little disappointed in the service. The real problem is the lack of continuity with the staff. We stayed for 5 nights and we never saw the same staff member twice. That goes for maids butlers and concierge. The hotel also needs it's own exclusive pool as the MGM pools are terribly overrun with children. The complimentary entry to the Wet Republic ultra pool was great but this is not a very relaxing space with the crowds and the loud music. The general MGM pools were over crowded and noisy. At least the guests staying at the signature properties had their own exclusive pools. Alas no such luck for a relaxing quiet swim while staying at the Skylofts. The room was great. Loved all of the televisions and the overfowing baths and the B &amp; O sound system and the ipod dock and the central remote controls. The bed and linen were great. All in all a good but not great stay at the Skylofts. I would definitely recommend it especially if you are up for a party or travelling in a group. Just don't read the previous reviews and pump this place up in your mind to be something that it is not. I was left a little disappointed...	
May 13 2008 	Beyond Words...	After reading all the other reviews, you simply dont believe any place can live up to the hype of the skylofts...well it did...yes its pricey, but worth every penny...as the one reviewer stated previously if you are staying at some place even close to the price of the skyloft and not staying here you are nuts...Here is just part of my letter to our contact at the skylofts, to tell them what I fine experience I had:&quot;The Skyloft itself was amazing, but it was the people working there that really made it special. I have never been in any establishment of any kind in my life where customer service was so completely taken care of. I honestly cant think of anything I would change about my hotel experience. I have been to various high end hotels the world over, and whatever brand name you can think of, but the Skylofts stands in a world apart. Saying the Skylofts is better than these other hotels is an insult to the Skylofts because your hotel is on such a completely different plane...I wish I could somehow let all of your staff know how much we thought of them, the thoughtfulness and attentiveness displayed time and again was simply amazing. The shear attention to every detail bordered on the preternatural...&quot;Just as an example of weird things that the folks at the skyloft took care of, I sort of mentioned I liked white noise to sleep by, and that at home I had an old humidifier that I turned on at night just for the noise, without a real specific request, a humidifier was placed in my bedroom minutes after this conversational exchange...Also, the price varies widely, dont give up just because its says a ton one day...it may be much lower the next day...do yourself a favor and stay at the skylofts, you wont be sorry.	
May 13 2008 	Top Notch	Stayed in the SkyLofts for four nights and five days with some close friends for a &quot;guys trip&quot;. The folks that run SkyLofts have it together as far as guest service is concerned. From the Butler to the Concierge these folks were on it from minute one to the moment we checked out. We had a techincal problem with the iPod player in the room and the maintenance guy was there in seconds. The views were incredible. The bathroom made me want to renovate our bathroom back home to model the one at the SkyLofts. Unreal!If you are looking for five star VIP treatment, then this is IT!	
Apr 22 2008 	Can't wait to get back!!!	Words alone cannot express the wonderful experience that you will encounter if the SKYLOFTS is your place of residence. From meeting Michilini (the greeter at the airport), to the ride in the Maybach, to the welcome at the hotel, it was totally mind blowing and I would give anything, well almost anything to experience that again. Yes it may be a bit pricey, but hey, you only have but one life and sometimes you just have to live it to the fullest. I would recommend this hotel stay to anyone, you will not be disappointed at all. This is a once in a lifetrime experience, please, if you get an opportunity, stay here! You will not regret it nor will you forget it.	
Apr 21 2008 	Everyone should do this at least once!	One of the experiences in life that should not be passed up! When the private elevator arrives at the top floor and you are escorted past the AAA Five Diamond award plaque only then do you realize that it seems every employee in the building has been informed of your &quot;arrival.&quot; The Skylofts is absolutely, positively over the top, and why not...It's VEGAS!I was fortunate enough to stay in a 2-bedroom loft during my stay. When I say loft I mean 3000 square feet of the most extravagant, state of the art living known anywhere. If modern is your thing I have not seen a hotel that comes close to this place at any price. The room itself is worth the price of admission, the personal service puts it over the top. From the moment you are picked up in the Maybach limo you start to realize what is to come. Ask the driver to demonstrate how the glass roof magically changes from frosted to transparent, very cool. Pulling into the sea of people and vehicles at the front entrance of the MGM, everything seems to yield to you. A side entrance to a private elevator and a quick ride up to the top floor wisks you from the fast action of the casino floor to the tranquil serenity of the Skylofts commons. A short walk follows to your room where your butler awaits and you are presented with your check-in documents, sitting at your dining room table with a welcome beverage and fresh fruit. I would highly recommend taking the butler's offer of a tour and demonstration of the technology and features of the room. Don't let the formal appearance of the staff intimidate you. They are very friendly and understanding to guests such as myself that aren't accustomed to this amount of pampering. Don't hesitate to ask questions, they will do whatever is possible to satisfy your request and make you feel comfortable. When I inquired about possibly eating at Craftsteak that night, I was met with a reservation at the time I requested. What I wasn't prepared for was the very large table in the center of the restaurant that had the appearance it was reserved for special guests. Coincidence? Probably not. Some previous guests complain about the Skylofts being located in the MGM. I disagree, I say take it for all it has to offer. Have the concierge arrange the best seats in the house to KA, eat dinner at the restaurant of your choice. It's all just a short walk. Once you tire of the action downstairs, a quick elevator ride transports you back to your room and the world away from reality. Tips for the first stay at Skylofts:- Don't forget your iPod. The room has a docking station/charger that integrates all your songs, controllable through the remote controls, to all the speakers in the room. When I say speakers, I mean the most crystal clear Bang &amp; Olufsen speakers I've ever heard.- Attend the cocktail hour in the commons area. Apparently most of the celebrities staying at the MGM choose to stay in the Skylofts. You never know who you might bump into.- Order room service. The prices are reasonable. When I requested breakfast at 7:30, there literally was a knock at the door at 7:30, not a second before or after. Not sure how they managed to be exactly in sync with the watch on my wrist, but I wouldn't be surprised...The first thing I do now when planning a trip to town is check room rates at the Skylofts, it really is that good!	
Apr 14 2008	Very impressive	Spent four days here with my daughters, age 5 and 4. We had a two-bedroom suite. Had a pool table. The kitchen is nice, but no sink. Kim the butler organized a bottle of bourbon and wine. Brought Shirley Temples one night.The technology in the room is overwhelming, but it is really fascinating. Takes a day or two to get it squared away, but once you've got the hang of it, it's a piece of cake. Wife plugged in her IPOD downstairs and controlled it upstairs and it played throughout. Free movies are cool -- kids watched some and we watched I Am Legend on hangover night. [Porno is free too so even if it isn't your thing, it's LV and it's free!]The room will not disappoint.Being at Skylofts may be the best part. Dinner at Picasso. Had the best seat in the house, literally in front of the fountain at Bellagio. Tickets for 4 to Mystere at TI -- fourth row, center. Out with the wife to TABU. Ben, our host, set us up with everything. Came back the next night and he gave us a table (gratis) and a drink.What I'm getting at, it isn't just the Skylofts themselves, but being in the Skylofts. You've got access to the best of everything. That's hard to quantify. But you aren't slugging it out with the rest of the schmos. You go to the front and have the best seat, just because you're Skylofts. The only drawback really is that you are at the MGM Grand, which is okay, but certainly not in the class of the LV's nicest hotels. But with children, while the Rainforest Cafe is all kitsch, they loved that and the lions. The pool too is excellent for children. Rented a cabana for three days and while not cheap, $200 each day, ($400 on Friday when Bon Jovi was there), it's good. [Saw Tom Jones in the Skylofts lobby -- all the stars playing MGM Grand are at Skylofts.]I think I'd do it again. Nightly rate $1,000, but spent double that with babysitters, drinks, dinner and so on. When making a concierge request, don't make it early in the morning or very late at night -- those are the overnight guys and they don't know anything and aren't that helpful. Hit the day staff who are much more professional.Problems at Skylofts? I'm broke and it's time to pay my taxes, but more importantly, was it worth it? Yes.	
Apr 8 2008 	Nice Stay	I can't add much more then the other reviewers already have,great service, the lofts are nice although the one we were in showed a little wear and tear.This place still rises above 99% of any other hotels,especially in Vegas.This place is like being in Vegas except it's nice and quiet on the Skyloft floor.I would highly recommend it and I hope to stay here in the future.	
Mar 20 2008 	Despite the price this is a great value in Vegas!	We stayed at Skylofts for two nights in early March 2008. On the third morning we headed to another Vegas hotel (Hard Rock) known for it's pool area. Unfortunately when we arrived we were informed that the pool was closed for renovations. We immediately checked out and called our Skylofts concigere. Unfortunately Skylofts was sold out but offered to put us up at their Signature property that night and then back into a Skylofts suite for our final night. The Signature was great but we could not wait to get back to our Skylofts experience.. Everything you will read in the other reviews is true. They are really great rooms. They are even a great value. Compare the prices to a suite at the Four seasons, Wynn, Trump, or the Hard Rock. We live in a high tech loft that I designed in Chicago and were still blown away by the skylofts vibe. Our only knock was on their pool area. My last visits to Vegas included stays at the Hard Rock and Four Seasons. Both have much nicer pool areas. Skylofts shares their pool area with the MGM hotel. It is designed with a 1970's country club feel and is not up to par for a high end boutique hotel. The good news is that they have built a new facility! We were told that it will be restricted to Skylofts customers, Suites at the MGM and space available paying customers. You can see some photos of this new pool area above. Our understanding is that the space is set to open this summer. It will put them back over the top and be on par to the Hard Rock Rehab RX party area!If you are on the fence about booking a room at this hotel I'd highly recomend it for the privacy, security, and ambiance. It is a great experience. The service is flawless. Be prepared to tip...often! As a bonus, how often will you get the chance to ride in a chaufeur driven Maybach? One final tip. If you have an early check in or late check out due to flights I would encourage you to book the private spa room. It offers two showers, a tub, exercise bikes, and a massage table and will allow you to freshen up prior to or after a flight. I believe that the charge was $50 per hour and we found it quite refreshing. It was very private and luxurious final touch to our stay after being by the pool all afternoon. Enjoy!	
Mar 1 2008 	One of the BEST!!!	My family happen to stay in Skylofts due to the invitation of my uncle which is considered to be a high roller. My uncle was given by the hotel 4 - 2 bedroom Skyloft Suites. The 2 suites was given to our family and the other two for my uncle's family. Skyloft is the penhouse suite in MGM Hotel. It is in the top floor of MGM and has its own reception area and conceirge where all your needs are taken care of. Stand-by limousine service is at your disposal anytime of the day. Free limousine pick-up within entire Las Vegad is also available. The reception area could book you to almost anything - concerts, shows, restaurants. Staying in Skyloft also gives you VIP treatment in MGM and all MGM group of Hotels. You just show your room key and anyone from MGM group will be glad to assit your needs, eventhough you are in Bellagio, you will be given VIP treatment. The suite is perfect. It is equip with the best equipments you could possibly imagine. From the most expensive sound system, tv and even coffee maker. The pantry and the bar is free and could be refilled many times as you want by just asking the reception. There's a exclusive elevator for Skyloft guests. Our Stay was all free and even our show tickets and food due to my uncle's hig roller status. But I think the 2 bedroom suite in Skyloft is between USD 500.00 to 600.00 a night. But If you have the money to spend, I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jan 23 2008 	The Skylofts is the Best Hotel in Vegas BY FAR!!!!	This is perhaps the best hotel experience you can buy in Vegas, notwithstanding the fantasy bungalows and villas that casino hotels reserve just for the high-rollers.We've stayed at the Four Seasons, Bellagio, Venetian, Wynn and THEHotel, and the Skylofts blow each one of those out of the water.We stayed in a a 1 bedroom Skyloft before Christmas, and it was simply amazing. It starts out with getting picked up in a Maybach. That's probably the nicest car in the world, arguably nicer than the Rolls-Royce Phantom, which we also took from another hotel. The ride is only 10 minutes, but it sets the tone for the rest of your stay.Once you arrive at the MGM, your concierge will be waiting for you downstairs in the driveway. You are then personally escorted through the MGM lobby, into the VIP area, and then into private elevators just for Skylofts guests and VIPs.The Skylofts are on the Penthouse floors of the MGM. Why I say &quot;floors&quot; is because each Skyloft is a duplex! Our 1 bedroom was already huge at 1,500 square feet, but because the living room ceiling is basically two floors, the whole feeling is like an atrium, which makes the room feel even bigger. I'm talking about a 30 foot high glass window overlooking the Strip. Ridiculous.In the room there are too many amenities to mention. B&amp;O plasma and sound system controlled by a Crestron remote that controls EVERYTHING. Bring your iPod since there is an iPod dock on one of the walls which allows the Crestron remote to read off all your songs and play your iPod through the B&amp;O system!This remote also controls all the lighting and even two sets of blinds/curtains for the living room window. There's a Crestron remote in the upstairs living room too that has all these functions.Besides the B&amp;O plasma, there are a total of 5 flatscreen TVs in the room. Yes, that many. A HDTV LCD in the bedroom, another one downstairs in the 6 seat dining room, and two in the upstairs bathroom, by the bath and IN THE MIRROR. Not only that, but besides having hundreds of channels including HD, ALL PAY-PER-VIEW MOVIES ARE FREE! Yes, even adult movies...everything.Also free are snacks and non-alcoholic drinks. Yes, everything except the alcohol in the mini-bar are complimentary. This includes the espresso/cappuccino machine in which there are 4 types of coffee beans in jars for your choosing, all free, which are ground up fresh in the coffee machine and made all with the touch of a button.That's not all - the shower, which is bigger than most hotel bathrooms, is also a steam room! Yes, no joke, it's like your own personal sauna with a seat as well. What's more, there is a glass wall in the shower which looks into the staircase of the loft, and then onto the Vegas strip! Yes, you can have an amazing view of the strip while you are taking your shower. Ridiculous.There's also a huge long walk-in closet that could probably fit in your entire wardrobe from home, and then some. The bed itself is amazing, as I remember, Frette linens and one of the softest hotel mattresses I have ever slept on. But besides the amazing room, what really sets Skylofts apart is the concierge. You would not be getting the full Skylofts experience if you don't utilize the concierge. By this, I mean they can get you anything. Last-minute restaurant reservations, awesome seats at any show, and VIP passes to any club. We partied up bigtime due to it being so hassle-free with the concierge at your fingertips. If we didn't have that, there's no way we could have just walked into all those clubs with lines, or gotten amazing seats to sold-out shows. Especially if the show is in one of the MGM-Mirage hotels, which seems to be half the strip nowadays.Despite me starting out this review by saying Skylofts is second only to the the fantasy bungalows and villas like the Mansion at MGM, our concierge told us that the week before our stay, the biggest celebrities in the world including Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie attending the Mayweather-Hatton fight all choose to stay at the Skylofts over the Mansion, as did both Hatton and Mayweather. So that tells you something. If you are interested in seeing what the Mansion is all about, Skylofts residents can have their breakfast at the Mansion dining room. We did this one morning - very expensive, but worth it! We were the only ones in the room and the breakfast was phenomenal! However, the decor is much more traditional luxury style, which is why younger folks and celebrities might prefer the Skylofts, which is very modern and very chic.If you can afford it, definitely make your next Vegas stay at the Skylofts. It's living about as large as you can in Vegas, and don't forget to hit up the Skylofts concierge to set up everything for you, including shows, restaurants and clubs.	
Dec 27 2007 	The most amazing place to stay	We stayed at the MGM for nine nights, seven nights in the tower rooms and two nights in the sky loft. The tower room was lovely but the sky lofts were absolutely amazing. We went for the Ricky Hatton fight (apparently he was staying in the sky lofts too plus Mayweather and a load of other famous people) The staff were brilliant, nothing too much trouble. You really are made to feel so special.If we go back to Vegas for another fight we would stay in the Sky lofts again hopefully for the whole duration of our stay.	
Oct 19 2007 	Sky Lofts Is Spectacular!	My 3 night stay at Sky Lofts was absolutely amazing! Everything the previous reviews state is true. In my opinion, this is the best hotel room (more like a luxury apartment) in Vegas. It's another world on the top floors of the MGM Grand! The one bedroom loft I booked was phenomenal - floor to ceiling glass duplex overlooking the strip &amp; desert, separate dining area, living room, office, loft bedroom, and massive spa bathroom with infinity tub (mood lighting in tub), and steam / sauna / rain shower - no need to go to a spa! Huge walk-in closet. The entire loft is tricked out with flat screen tv's in every room, crestron controls to adjust blinds, lights, tv, etc. A chauffer meets you at the airport and drives you to the hotel in a Maybach - off the hook! The loft decor is simple, tasteful, contemporary, and comfortable - a chic hotel look. A private butler is at your service 24 hours a day. Fresh berries are placed on the dining room table daily to enjoy. Soda, water, juice, and coffee are free. All cable channels are available, plus free Showtime, HBO, and In Demand movie channels. Room service was a delight and a lovely table was set. As far as the rest of the MGM Grand, the casino is fine, there are some fantastic restuarants (try Craft Steak), KA was amazing, and the pool area is very nice. Yes, there is a McDonalds &amp; Starbucks, but they are located far away from the lobby and Sky Lofts private entrance. If you are in the mood to be pampered and are more interested in staying in a luxury Vegas apartment more than a standard hotel room, Sky Lofts is perfect! I will return.	
Sep 11 2007 	Now that's what I call a hotel	OK - I've stayed in some pretty cool hotels around the world so it takes a lot for me to be impressed. I was - in fact off the scale impressed. I had previously spent 3 nights in the Wynn tower suites to see what that had to offer. There really is no comparison. Prices fluctuate wildly depending on when you book, I paid $790 a night - that's about £400 with the current exchange rate. I have seen rooms listed for as little as $510. Now that is just plain crazy. For that price you would need committing to the nut house not to take advantage.Everything about the experience was just great. From the collection by the Maybach to the whole check-in experience it's like experiencing how the other half live and I like it a lot. Nothing is too much trouble, and little things like the desk staff standing when you walk through the loft lobby to hotel staff stopping and standing to the side in the corridors while you pass. This is a lesson in ultimate customer service. I actually don't mind the MGM Grand hotel areas. I'm not really a snob and like the fact that there are McDonalds &amp; Starbucks down there. But I do love the fact that when I retire to my room I am surrounded by gadgets and Luxury.I will definitely be staying again and would recommend the Skylofts to anyone who wants to live like a Movie Star, even if it is for just a couple of days.	
Sep 10 2007 	Great Room Great Service but still in the MGM	First, it is hard to add anything that has not been said already. Top quality service, best room I have ever stayed in, and everything is run first class. Our room had a great view of the strip and amenities stacked on top of amenities. The shower and the Infinity tub were great along with the electronics throughout the loft. I am not sure who it was that could not figure out how to turn the lights and TV off in the bathroom but everything was pretty self explanatory to us. If you needed anything all you had to do was pick up the phone and it was considered done.The only downside to the Skylofts was that you were in the MGM. The MGM Mirage Company owns ½ the Vegas strip, and with much nicer hotels like the Bellagio and Mandalay Bay, I don’t understand why you would not put the lofts there. Private elevators are a MUCH needed addition. Don’t get me wrong, this is still one of the best rooms around. I would have no problems in making a return visit. I would just like to see some subtle changes made.	
Aug 20 2007 	2nd Wedding Anniversary - Unbelievable	What can you actually say about this place that merely does it any justice?My wife and I enjoy staying in nice hotels when we travel, but never have we experienced the amenities and service of those offered by Skylofts.Let me give you a brief preview into the life of a hotel guest at the Skylofts...Booking:I booked directly through Skylofts by phone. Within 2 days I was contacted by my own personal concierge who was there to assist with any pre-arrival requests and to understand my travel times to ensure I was picked up and dropped off at the airport promptly. I ordered flowers, wine, dinner reservations, and show tickets all before I ever arrived in Las Vegas.Arrival:After a long flight, I was greeted at baggage claim by our driver, who carried our bags directly to the Maybach and drove us directly to the VIP line at the MGM Grand entrance.Greeting:The passenger door of the Maybach was opened by my personal concierge, who gave us a brief tour of the MGM Grand, then escorted us through the VIP lounge, to the private elevators, taking us directly to the Sklofts private lobby at the top of the hotel. At this point, you forget that you are actually at the MGM Grand. Everything is superbly maintained and the front desk staff stands as you step off the elevator. (Did I mention that I have not touched my bags.. the bell hop took those while we got our brief tour of the hotel).Check-In:This is not done at a desk.. it is done on your dining room table, inside the loft. Very simple.. just sign at the dotted line, and everything else you buy at the hotel goes straight to the bill......Post Check-In:After our bellman and concierge leave, our personal butler gives us a tour of the loft and explains all the gadgets. (ie.. universal remote for the climate, drapes, tv, music; infiniti bathtub; espresso maker; etc.) He also points out that there are fresh berries delivered to our room periodically throughout the day, and chocolate at night.. so if we dont want room service slipping into our room, we might want to turn on the 'Do Not Disturb' light.Post / Post Check-In:You never want to leave your room. All of the 'On Demand' movies are free, and so are the soft drinks. You will never want to leave the waterfall shower, and the bed and array of pillows wont let you even wake up.Service:Restaurant reservations were made for us at the Bellagio, but we only had one mix-up... The 2 show tickets they had reserved for us were not next to each other.. in fact, they were in opposite sections. So, they comped our tickets, got us tickets at the next best show.. 5th row - Center Stage. Not only that, but to accomodate for their mix-up, they transported us around the Strip that night in a Maybach.. from MGM to dinner; dinner to the show; and from the show back to the MGM.. all on the house. That is over $400 saved due to their mix-up... Now, that is treating your clients right.As for previous posts regarding the MGM.. I can definitely see that the MGM Grand is not the 'Grandest' of hotels on the Strip.. but, believe me.. you will forget you are even there once you step off the elevator on the top floor.If we return to Vegas, there is no question where we will stay.. In fact, I doubt we will ever stay anywhere quite like Sklofts again in any of our future travels.For our wedding anniversary, it was simply 'Perfect'.	
Aug 17 2007 	Perfect Service - Wonderful Space	My boyfriend and I stayed at Skylofts with some friends for a celebratory few days. The lofts are really amazing, the bathrooms especially - the tub, the shower and televisions are enough to keep you in the room for a day! The gadgets are a guys' dream - my boyfriend walked around with the Creston controllers for the whole time. I was most impressed with the service - attentive and friendly without being overbearing. I had a concern about one of the charges on my folio and they were very fair and accommodating. I can't say enough about them - we came from the Bellagio the night before and while the hotel overall has nicer public areas than the MGM, when you're at the Skylofts you barely notice where you are. I would recommend Skylofts to anyone wanting an impeccable stay with luxury and convenience!	
Aug 14 2007	Luxury at it's best	The skylofts at MGM Grand in a word is incredible. We were there for 4 days and really did not want to leave the loft. The spa and dream butlers were simply teriffic. Just a note, be prepared to tip everybody. If you can stay even one day everybody needs to experience this kind of luxury at least once.	
Jul 15 2007 	Perfect!	We have just returned from an AMAZING stay at the MGM Skylofts! Most of what has already been written here rings true (we booked it based on the reviews on this site as they are always helpful), so in brief...Pick up: We were picked up in a Maybach, greeted outside the hotel, our luggage taken for us without having to ask and escorted to reception. By this point, we were being made to feel very special indeed.Reception: We were handed over to our personal butler who presented us with fresh juice and fruit and then showed us the facilities in our room (bigger than our flat at home by a long way). The room was beautiful and the service perfectly pitched; we've stayed at a few very nice hotels and this was better than them all. It was topped off by the fact that a (infinity) bath had been run for us before we arrived - and the water was at exactly the right temperature. If we hadn't already felt spoilt by this point, this is the moment that would have done it.Room: A nice amount of complimentary items - even simple things like coke - which actually makes a big difference, you may be paying a lot for a room, but you don't want to pay a lot for a soft drink too, so this was perfect. The room itself was clean, beautifully designed, and had more tvs than I knew what to do with. Another nice touch was that there were a number of films provided free of charge too. It was difficult to leave the room it was so nice!Room Service: Feeling peckish we ordered some room service - just simple club sandwiches (the cost was not particularly high) - a maid came and laid the table (scattering petals) and informed us our food would be ready in 30 mins. Sure enough, food turned up on time and was delicious! We also used the coffee machine in the suite to make drinks - a brilliant machine, great coffee, no cleaning required, free!Breakfast: We opted to eat at the MGM Mansions. I strongly recommend you do this; they are a set of private villas within the MGM and have their own casino, pool and breakfast area. The service here was, again, amazing, the food wonderful and served in much smaller portions (in a good way) than you might be used to in vegas. I should add that you are escorted there and back by your butler.Checkout: You are not forgotten here either. Our baggage was taken for us, the hotel director came to say goodbye, our car (Maybach again) was waiting for us, our bags loaded etc. End to end the service was perfect.We stayed for two nights and every aspect of the service, food, environment was about as good as I imagine you can get. What's more, I felt as though I was actually getting a good deal - sure it is expensive, but we've stayed in more expensive places and gotten far less in the way of luxury, service etc. The skylofts really make you feel special and I will be going back.I can think of only one fault (which I knew before going); unlike say, the Wynn suites, you don't get your own pool. The MGM general pools are quite large, but also quite busy and a long way from the skylofts. If they could add a pool nearby for the Skylofts then there would be no need to try any other suites again!If you get the chance, stay here!	
Jul 7 2007 	Extra Play?Place to stay	Where do I start?Ill begin with the Maybach.We had just stayed 3 days in a Wynn suite and were impressed,but knew we had better things on the horizon.The car picked us up to take us to MGM.We both immediately stretched out for the short ride to the Skylofts.We were met curbside and took directly to the Skyloft to check in.Our Butler was waiting at the door when we turned the corner. He shows you around your suite and leaves you to lift your jaw off the floor in private, to save your dignity. We are hotelies and this blew me away.I mean,how snooty are you when you have to find something like where to sit to put on your cosmetics as a major drawback.Really people come on.Back to the review.The place is very roomy and stylish.You are teated like royalty the entire time you are there.We had a private party one evening and the Butlers and catering department never missed a single detail.The Butlers enter your residence around 5 times per day to refresh the loft and make sure you are in need of nothing.If you prefer your privacy there is a Privacy light by the door,but you should leave the light off as much as possible to take advantage of this ammenity as they drop off wonderful chocolates and drinks during the day and evening.The bathroom was my favorite part of the loft.There is a steam shower big enough for 4 people.If you are going to take a long shower I would suggest putting on the privacy light as the shower is all glass on one side.And visible from the stairs.The bathroom also has a huge soaking tub with Champagne bubbles which I used daily to relax.The lighting is incredible along with the Bang and Olufsen system that allows you to control everything from lighting to tv to music to drapes to climate.If you like your coffee, there is an espresso machine that makes a so so cup of coffee but the novelty of the machine is fun to use.No grinding,pressing and cleaning required for a quick shot.If there is a drawback it would be the MGM itself.Having to go through the hotel to get to the Skylofts is not the greatest experience.They need to come up with a separate entrance for Skyloft guests with private elevators.They have semi private elevator cars that access several floors along with Skylofts .I didnt get that at all.Even 2 Skyloft hosts from downstairs expressed their concerns about the &quot;Football Team&quot; in the elevator and decided to escort me up to my suite one evening.All in all the place is incedible.We loved it and will return.They are all so nice and go the extra mile to make sure you are comfortable.If you can- stay here and enjoy the mind blowing experience.Its much more than just a hotel.	
Jun 28 2007	Sungle most awesome hotel experience in my life	Maybach was incredible and you feel like a total VIP from start to finish. Skylofts private reception area and pennthouse lobby are striking. The rooms are huge and functional (as opposed to minimilist hip which I hate) with great views out of enormous windows. My only complaints were the butler couldn't figure out how to make a martini (not exactly a terrifying experience), the shower was good but not as insane as I was imagining and when the pre-arrival coordinator contacted me regarding what types of beverages I prefer to have on hand, I requested a carton of no-pulp Tropicana orange juice. The O.J. was provided and I was billed accordingly - well accordingly if you're the MGM - $48 plus 18% service charge - or $56.64. I expressed that I thought that was excessive and they did remove it from the bill.	
Jun 20 2007 	Outstanding!	When planning our honeymoon for January 2007, we picked Las Vegas so we could spend a week having non stop fun. We also decided that we were going to pick a luxurious hotel and spare no expense! We chose the MGM Grand Skylofts and we were NOT disappointed. While they are pricey ($700 a night for the one bedroom in January), they are truly superior in service, room features and technology!So in following the format of some other reviewers, here is the breakdown of our trip.Reservations were made on the website. Initially, we choose the Terrace Suites in the regular portion of MGM Grand. They were a little more expensive ($1000/night) but we liked the hot tub on the outdoor terrace. We ended up changing the room to the Skylofts but it was only available for a portion of the trip.We were fine with that and the hotel noted that we would change rooms and it would be a seamless transfer for us. The person on the phone was very helpful.Transportation with the skyloft rooms was provided with airport pick up in a Maybach. The car was there on time and the only difficulty was that we arrived mid day on a Sunday, which was extremely busy. We had a hard time finding our chauffer and getting our luggage in all the crowds but this was not a problem with MGM Grand. The chauffer was really nice and the car was awesome.Check in was fantastic. We had a concierge waiting for us in the drop off area outside, who escorted us in and checked us into our room right away. There is a private check in for the skylofts and it was very smooth. We got a corner suite, which had a fantastic view.The room was outstanding. It was very modern, with artistic decor and lots of lights from the floor to ceiling windows. The butler brought fresh fruit everyday (which I loved) and a special dessert every night. The bathroom was awesome and the tub fantastic. Its a HUGE tub and I had a hard time sitting in it, since I am only 5'2&quot;. The steam shower was the best feature of the room, we used it every day. The dry air in Vegas can really dry up your sinuses so the steam was really nice.The technology in the room was top notch. There was a camera on the door that showed you a video feed of the area outside your door. The music, tv, lights and curtains were all controlled by a universal remote (there were two in our suite). There was a tv in the mirror in the bathroom!Service was exceptional, almost like royalty. When we exited our room, the concierge staff stood up. The people in the hallways, moved aside to let you pass. The turn down service was always on time and perfect. Our room was clean every day, on time and always excellent. We saw one show a night and the concierge desk booked them all but one show. They do get you the best seats, which cant even be booked via the hotel website. We also ended up staying in the Skylofts the entire time and not moving to the Terrace Suites. They concierge made some changes and worked it out so we could stay. Check out was smooth, the only delay was a couple in front of us who had some major adjustments to their bill from all the gambling. It took a long time and two people on staff to get it figured out. When they checked us out, it was fast and simple and they did comp our room for our gambling.Overall, this facility was wonderful. It was pricey but it was worth it. If you are looking for a place with top notch service and excellent room decor and technology then this is the place for you.	
Jun 11 2007 	Just a hotel...	In layman’s terms, the SKYLOFTS is just a hotel. Truth be told, for a place that cost more a night than what some people make in a month, everything from the beginning to the end should be close, if not absolutely perfect. The Transportation. Our party arrived at two separate times with the second half choosing to take the complimentary Maybach ride from the airport to the hotel. Concierge had instructed us to make our way to baggage claim and our chauffer would have a sign with our names. Upon our arrival at the designated area, there was no chauffer and no car waiting. 10 minutes passed and we decided to contact the hotel to inquire if we were in the right area. They confirmed we were and they had also confirmed that their driver was there. Another 10 minutes passed with zero signs of life. In a last attempt to find the driver, we contact concierge again and told them that if the car had not been dispatched yet, we would save them a trip and take a taxi to the hotel instead. A little frantic, concierge asked that we give them a few more minutes as they tried to contact the driver. They had also given the driver our cell phone to help the situation. Another 5 minutes passed before we received the call from the driver. His excuse: It only takes me 4 minutes to get from the hotel to the airport. You do the math. He didn’t help us with our luggage or even open the car door for us. Upon arrival at the hotel, he basically told us to get out and that was it. If you hate your job that much then by all means, you really need to find one that doesn’t require dealing with people. We advised concierge of the situation and they basically brushed it off. No apologies and no attempts to make the situation a bit better.The Check-In. Let’s just say this wasn’t a good start. Upon arrival, the SKYLOFTS check-in lounge was closed and someone had to be dispatched to fetch us in the lobby. We finally reached our room 60 minutes after our initial search for our driver. On a side note, there is definitely something faulty about the elevators at the MGM. Sometimes it gets stuck, sometimes it makes funny “wire is about to snap” noises, and sometimes the buttons just don’t work. If you’ve stayed there recently, you’ll know what I mean.The Room. All the above put aside, the 2 bedroom suite we got was spectacular in size: two stories, flat screen TVs in every room, and bathrooms that are larger than some houses. As one of the AMEX amenities we received, we had In-Loft breakfasts served in the dining room every morning. This was actually very nice. We ordered our choices the night before and specified the time we wanted it ready in the dining room. When we went down every morning, everything was laid out beautifully. Ah yes, I almost forgot...SKYLOFTS also boasts about their personalized stationary and business cards. Upon arrival, we found (what I am assuming to be) the previous tenant’s name on the stationary. Way to go SKYLOFTS.The Technology. The technology in the room was … interesting. While reading up on the SKYLOFTS, they boast considerably about their all-in-one controls and touch screen everything. OK, I would have to say that I am very much in touch with the technological world, but I could not for the life of me figure out how to switch off the correct lights. Actually, I don’t think the SKYLOFT employees know how to work the controls either because one morning, very close to breakfast time, ALL the lights suddenly went on. I’m thinking the butler had turned on the lights to set up breakfast, but inadvertently switched on everything. Anyway, for an actual look in the rooms, see picture.The Check-Out. As with our arrival, our party checked out at two separate times. The first half (my half) chose again to take SKYLOFTS’ complimentary Maybach to the airport. This time, we had a woman driver who was wonderful. She was both courteous and helpful.The Aftermath. Just when we thought everything that started out terrible would end on a positive note, we went over the final invoice total and guess what? The In-Loft Complementary Breakfasts they listed out in the original amenities were added in and charged. Good grief! Anyway, after bringing it to their attention, they credited back the amount for the breakfasts. Would You Go Again? If you feel an incredible urge to splurge on a room, hell, it’s worth a try. You might get lucky and experience perfection. Personally though, no. I think I would rather take the money we spent on the rooms and try my luck at the table. At least there might be a slight chance of a return.Score: 3 out of 5	
May 29 2007 	MGM Grand	We have stayed at a ton of top notch hotels in the country/world. We are both in our 30's so we were looking for a Vegas weekend with some of the luxuries of a top resort.Skylofts is simply amazing. We had to stay at the Bellagio for the first night since they were booked 7+ months in advance, but luckily we got our last 2 nights here.The Maybach 62 picks you up and is mind blowing. A 400,000 dollar car picking you up from the airport !!!! We were given 2 bottles of voss and told how to recline our back seats fully in the Maybach. Our driver told us multiple times that Skylofts will be great.We were greeted at the MGM by a bellboy and the Skylofts coordinator. She walked us directly to the Skylofts VIP entrance past about 500 people checking in.We were whisked up to the our skylofts entrance and almost fainted from excitement.Room: You are greeted by a White Glove Butler, yes white gloved butler !What can I say about a 1 bedroom that is on 2 floors! The technology is over the top. Bang and Olufsen. My estimate is the price tag alone on your TV's, B&amp;O stereo's, full remote for everyting including drapes has to be close to 100K.Our living room and dining room could have fit a party of 20 if we needed to. It comes with a full office as well - Printer, fax, laptop(if you need one), free wi-fi.Upstairs is another story. Your bedroom has glass that you can look down to the living room. The bed is perfect and please do use the Butler for the &quot;pillow&quot; selection. I've never seen my wife sleep so well in my life (buckwheat professional pillow!!!)The bathroom is enormous with the infinity flowing tub and steam shower. The shower is as big as 4 showers combined with 7 jets.**** Key Note - The butler puts away your clothes and steams 5 articles of clothing a day. I've never had that service and best of all its complimentary (Please do this)Service:From the Butler Service, private concierge (yes we don't use the MGM hotel one), and whole staff. 5 star ratings from us.Quick story: I had 2 documents that needed to be faxed to a client. I called the front desk and they started walking me through the steps. They said forget that, e-mail us the documents we will print and fax them to your client. Enjoy your stay!Are you kidding me? This type of service is why they go the recent awards they did.Overall:If you have the money and want to do Vegas the right way - Skylofts is the way to go.I could write 5 more pages, but don't think its necessary. Enjoy, Enjoy, Enjoy!	
Mar 18 2007	all I can say is Wow	This part of the MGM was absolutely awesome. Though it may be pricey if you have the bucks go for it.	
Feb 21 2007 	Unique Vegas experience		
Feb 17 2007 	One of the best hotels in the world		
Jan 11 2007 	Not bad at all!		
Jan 9 2007 	Pure Luxury		
Dec 15 2006 	Amazing		
Sep 9 2006 	The Best Place to stay in Vegas		
Aug 20 2006	Exceeded all expecations		
Jul 28 2006	superb		
Mar 16 2009 	il migliore servizio di las vegas .		
Oct 7 2008 	Tra sogno e realtà: SKYLOFTS!!!!		
Nov 1 2007 	Absolument Magnifique!		
Sep 2 2007 	Tutto il meglio del meglio del meglio		
