Nov 16 2009 	Restful escape from the Vegas Strip	Wonderful staff (thank you Susan). The shuttle is great (thank you Tony). Clean rooms, comfortable beds...no smoke anywhere! The free shuttle is just a few minutes to the action on the strip. Cozy, friendly atmosphere. Breakfast buffet is everything and then some! This was my first time to Vegas....I will stay here again!	
Nov 10 2009 	Super Nice Place - Typical Hampton Inn	I stay at Hampton Inn's all over the U.S. and, usually stay at Hampton Inn Tropicana six (6) or more times a year on business travels. And, this place has never let me down. The pool is awesome, the beds are comfy, service is top-notch, and the breakfast is the same as any Hampton Inn (above average). Location is ideal for business or travel, just off the strip and major highway. To be honest, I should keep this well-kept-secret to myself and not post this review, (which will help availability on my next check-in) but, I believe the hotel deserves praise for its investment and diligence. And, after reading some of the posting below, I am appalled.	
Oct 31 2009 	Decent and comfortable for a decent and comfortable price	The pictures make this property look a little more posh than it is, but it's clean and comfortable with a great staff. I enjoyed staying here for a business trip - it was perfect for this kind of trip. It's just across the freeway from the strip and has easy access to the big hotels just by following Tropicana. It's about a mile from Palms and Rio, and is a short drive to the rental car center by following Dean Martin Dr. to Warm Springs Rd, then across the freeway - no need to drive I-15 at rush hour either. The hotel has a small bar and lounge - convenient for unwinding right at the hotel before retiring to the room.The room is reliably economy Hampton Inn - but is clean, well, furnished, and comfortable. I found the bed was especially good - I would give them an A+ for the bed and bedding. Free internet, though wired, was an excellent amenity.All-in-all, the perfect place for a business trip where affordability matters.	
Oct 30 2009 	Best Value in Vegas	Great value for the price.Renewed rooms, great bed, beatuful and clean decoration, great continental breakfast (if you wake up early) , good staff. Closer to the Strip. I loved it!	
Oct 14 2009 	Good Hotel for the Value	Whenever I read reviews I try to keep in mind who is doing the review? Are they an experienced traveler or someone who occasionaly travels? I have traveled extensively in the US and overseas so this review is from someone who has stayed in multiple hotels and locations.We booked this hotel through Priceline.com using the package deal - Hotel + Airfare. The price was very reasonable. The hotel has a van that picks you up at the airport; however, you have to call them and our wait was over one hour. This was the worst part of our stay.Upon arrival, we tried to get upgraded to a better room as we were staying 15 nights. No such luck. The room itself was very spacious and except for the remote not working and the toilet not working everything was fine. Both of these issues were fixed quickly and we had no problems after the first night.Please note that if you want a microwave and/or refrigerator, it will coast you $15 a day. So if you want to stay here for a long time, I would not recommend it. A few nights or maybe a week would be okay. The breakfast is buffet style and is good. It has a hot item, such as eggs and meat, fruits, yogurt, juice and a great assortments of breads and bagels.They have an outdoor pool and hot tub. Both are very clean and are sufficient for the value of the hotel. The gym was excellent! Modern, good working equipment and perfect for any type of work-out: free weights and cardio.	
Oct 13 2009 	Nice amenities but some of the staff need to go	The hotel has quite a few nice upscale amenities. Modern, yet warm and comfortable decor. The staff though is hit or miss. Some are enthusiastic, others need to find another employer. Getting pool towels should not be so difficult. Getting two doubles versus a king also should not be difficult when the hotel is clearly not full. Lots of potential, but needs to weed out some of the staff who pull everything else down.	
Sep 18 2009 	Good Value location room and breakfast	Hotel while not on the strip was very close. We had rented a car - parking was free and convenient. We used the car to go to the casinos on the strip where valet parking is free - just whatever you tip the valet. Driving was a little crazy.Hotel was very attractive, pool area very relaxing, free breakfast very good - staff kept replenishing the food as there was a crowd.	
Sep 7 2009 	Decently remodeled rooms; poor service; horrid breakfast	This Hampton Inn is larger in scale than most, with a separate conference center that I didn't have a chance to peek into. We were greeted reasonably but with a focus on efficiency rather than warmth, and placed in a third floor room.Renovations were done about a year ago and the rooms have a warm, semi-tropical vibe with yellow walls and bright orange accents in curtains and furniture. New lamp fixtures are kind of retro in appearance - I think my mom had some of these triple-glass-globe lamps in our house in 1977, or maybe I just saw them on a Brady Bunch episode. I don't expect they'll hold up fashionably for very long. Carpets are light and show stains - and there were some in both rooms we stayed in. Possibly in keeping with the retro theme, the TVs were NOT renovated with the other hard goods and remain a 25&quot; boob tube with perhaps 15 available channels - a definite disappointment. HSIA is free but wired-only in rooms; if you can snag a room overlooking the pool, you might be able to use the wireless signal from there. Beds are Hampton standard and can get warm, especially if you have a balky AC unit as we suffered during our first night.The AC units are old-style through-the-wall PTAC units under the smallish window in the room, and during our first night, the compressor was even noisier than these units are known for - plus, it would not cool the room below about 70. We requested service on the unit the next morning and it was swapped out with another unit with digital controls...which promptly performed a compressor on/off cycle that could only be described as 30 seconds of &quot;chuffing.&quot; This supposedly new unit was loud and even more unable to hold temperature - after an hour in the room with the digital thermostat set at 60, the room was about 75 degrees. We requested further service and were told that we had received the one and only replacement AC unit available for a 300-room property. However, they did have another room available so we packed everything up and moved down the hall. Luckily, this PTAC unit operated quietly and efficiently. Beware of the poor maintenance budget, however.The poor maintenance extended to hallways, where the year-old &quot;new&quot; carpet looked like it hadn't been cleaned in five.Then there was breakfast - never a Hampton Inn highlight, and in this case particularly downmarket. Each day of our stay a large tray of biscuits was presented - with absolutely nothing to cover them with. Someone needs to inform the staff that biscuits are usually half of &quot;biscuits and gravy&quot; at a &quot;free breakfast&quot; venue. The egg &quot;circles&quot; were watery and flavorless; the sausage patties about 70% fat. It appears the management is providing exactly the bare minimum needed to keep the franchise flag with the breakfast offerings.Overall, I still rated the property average because their rates were excellent over the Labor Day holiday - $58 on AAA rate. At anything approaching &quot;rack&quot; rate, I wouldn't recommend the property to anyone. If you can find a deal, just beware of the poor maintenance, average-to-cool service, and abysmal breakfast selection.	
Aug 10 2009 	Yet another great Hampton	Overall a great, comfy, clean hotel with a great view and a very nice, accommodating staff (they changed our room to get away form noisy neighbors and provided a fridge in our king room at no extra charge (given that king rooms do not have, by default, fridges or microwaves). Also withing reasonable walking distance from the strip (but hey, there are taxis and the hotel does have a shuttle). Another +: non-smoking rooms and no casino on site.A couple of main issues bothered us however: First, one morning we found a huge palmetto bug in our washroom. By the looks of it, it must have came in with the morning newspaper (as they place it outside the door).Second, the pool was not warm at all, which is surprising when there are 103 degrees outside. We did however enjoy it as it was .Third, they forgot to mention that the shuttle will only drop you off on the strip at the New York New York hotel, and not farther, and will also not pick you up, so you either walk back or take a taxi (only reasonable option at 12am). Fourth, the walls are paper thin. On our first night, we dealt with VERY noisy neighbors. A call to the front desk at 4am slightly fixed the problem, but to avoid that from happening again, we asked to change rooms the next day and our wish was granted. Lastly, the maids didn't replace our empty Kleenex box for the last two days of our stay.All in all, we weren't extremely bothered by these problems as they were compensated by the above + aspects, therefore we won't hesitate to come back if the rates are once again reasonable. (on average 60$/ night)	
Jul 23 2009 	A Great Surprise!	We changed our plans to Vegas at the last minute and booked one night at the Hampton Inn Tropicana. We were pleasantly surprised when we called the hotel from the airport and found out that they have a free airport shuttle. We landed in Vegas around 8am and the shuttle picked us up. We were allowed to check in early, which was fantastic. We were also invited to eat breakfast, which was still being served. The breakfast was your typical hotel breakfast. The hotel lobby and common areas were very nice. We loved the room. Both the room and bathroom were nicely appointed and both very clean. The bed was comfortable. The hotel staff was very friendly as well. The shuttle dropped us off a few times at Mandalay Bay, which was an added bonus, as we were attending events there. If you need a place to stay near the strip that is a great price, this is a great choice.	
Jun 19 2009 	a bit off from the famed Vegas Strip..	only glitch with this hotel is that its a bit off from the famed Vegas strip.. but the drive to the strip is not more than 5 minutes.. take my word for it.. there are hundreds of casino cum hotels on the strip and i beleive in a similar price one can get a room in those hotels as well.. but before jumping onto this conclusion let me apprise you folks of the advantages this offers.. perfect smile greets you at the front desk.. rooms are very very spacious.. complimentary internet and lavish breakfast buffet are some of the other pro's.. has a decent pool with plentiful of pool shacks besides.. provides free shuttle service to the strip.. also in a similar price.. rooms in those casino cum hotels on the strip would be the cheapest one's and thus wont offer so much on platter.. thus if you have a car then this one is a perfect n better bet.. u wont regret for sure..	
May 25 2009 	Short But Sweet	We stayed our last night here and the location is good for off Strip. Staff was excellent, allowed us to check in early as we came from another property and arrived early. They put us in what appeared to be a suite, it was great!Room was big , clean and comfortable. Breakfast was the usual hot and cold selections typical of a Hampton property. We were not in our room but for a few hours to sleep and fly out the next day. We will stay here again, we had a good experience. I can not comment on the rate as I used my Hilton Rewards free night.They do have a free shuttle to the Strip and the Airport. The New York New York and MGM Grand are close, you could walk if you wanted to however it is a busy street and passes over/ubder I-15.	
May 8 2009 	Average Hampton Inn But Why Stay Here?	As far as Hampton Inns go, this one was average. That is to say, it provided everything I would expect from a Hampton Inn - good bedding, good value, free wi-fi, continental breakfast with one hot item, etc. Great hot water and water pressure. The bar seemed quite nice and there is a smallish pool. The staff did not seem particularly enthusiastic or friendly which I found to be atypical of the brand.I was here for a conference that was being held at the hotel. I would never otherwise have chosen to stay at this location (due to location - not the hotel itself). If you're in Vegas, why not stay on the strip, especially since rooms at nice strip hotels could be had for the same rate or less? There were a lot of Europeans at the hotel and some families. The hotel runs a free shuttle both to the airport and to the strip with stops at Mandalay Bay and New York, NY. The strip itself is about a 10-15 minute walk from the hotel, crossing I-15. There is an In 'N Out Burger across the street from the hotel and mini-mart at the gas station next door has a little bit of everything you might need.	
Apr 26 2009 	Wedding Weekend	Our daughter was getting married at Caesars Place and we needed to find a reasonable hotel, off the strip, for us coming from MN as well as the other out-of-town guests. Upon arrival, we received great service with a friendly staff. We had 4 rooms, 2 of them were ready before checkin time . This was great because we had lots of luggage and things to get ready for the Wedding on Saturday (4/18). It had only been about an hour when the other rooms were available. We had cars so we did not experience the shuttle service however, in speaking with those that did, due to economic times, the prior was for airport runs before dropping off at the strip so there were times customers had to wait to go to the strip. But...if you don't mind walking, it's about a 20 minute walk to New York, New York. Then I recommend buying the $7.00 DUECE bus which is good for 24 hours that goes the entire strip PLUS to downtown freemont street. They run about every 15 minutes. It was wonderful to come back to the hotel and not have all the noise &amp; smoke of a casino. We were able to sit in the lounge area and vist with everyone in a very comfortable atmosphere. If your purpose to Vegas is for gambling only and want the experience of the night life and action, I would not recommend this hotel. However, if you do want the action but come back to quiet, I highly recommend this hotel. They do have a few poker slots at the bar (which my husband did win at) and a couple slots machines, so you can get a bit of the action there. The hot continental breakfast were wonderful!	
Dec 9 2008 	Enjoyed one-night stay	Stayed one night in Oct this year.The hotel is located right off the I-15 Tropicana exit and easy to find. Plenty of free parking including a parking garage.Check-in and check-out went smoothly. Every staff member encounter was friendly and helpful.The room was clean with the usual Hampton's Inn standard fare.The breakfast had a nice selection but was very crowded when I went down.There is a nice pool and a fitness room but I did not have a chance to use them.Overall, a nice choice for those who wants to stay in a non-gambling hotel and located only slightly off-Strip.	
Sep 9 2008 	Great place near the Strip	The room was large, clean and well furnished. The breakfast was great.And the price was right!This is an ideal place to stay if you don't want a casino hotel.It is close to the Strip and the airport.	
Aug 5 2008 	Just what we needed!	Very comfortable hotel just away from main strip in Las vegas. Very nice comfortable room, friendly staff, lovely pool and access to pc and internet. Ideal for our 1 night stop.	
Jul 15 2008 	Better than Paris!	This is the hotel we were sent to by the airline when our flight was cancelled. This is one place I would recommend to anyone going to Vegas. It is off the strip but it was better than our stay at the Paris!! Great staff...had a great time in the bar &amp; the bartender was excellent, the best we've come in contact with on any of our trips.	
Jul 10 2008 	You'd be better off at another hotel - I would not recommend it	My sister, a friend and I stayed at the Hampton Inn in Las Vegas for the 4th of July weekend 2008. I chose the Hampton Inn because of its reputation and location. I was disappointed and left the second night to stay at another hotel - the Stratosphere. When I made the reservation I called and requested a renovated room with the flat screen tvs and double beds and was told as long as I typed it in the reservation and I called the day before that I would more than likely be accomodated with a room. After calling the dayt before arrival and then arriving I was told they only have 4 renovated rooms and they were King size only not doubles and they were already taken but to try early the following morning at which I did and was told they could not accomodate me as the rooms were already taken...even when someone just checked in and were given the room ahead of me. The bathroom was nice as well as the free breakfast and the pool was beautiful, however the hotel was older than I expected and the room was small. The beds were comfy but small, they said they were doubles but when I looked at the mattress and the frame they looked more like twins and were different sizes as the frame was larger than the mattress. The shuttle service was accomodating but not free as stated as the driver asked for $5.00. Our A/C in our room did not work properly and our room was really hot, when we called the front desk they asked us to wait a few hours for the room to cool down and mentioned that they do not keep the a/c on in the room before a customer arrives....they said they open the windows to let the air in which is really just the heat (which was over 110 that weekend) into the room? Hours later we came back and the room was just as hot but then the front desk mentioned they were sold out and we sweat all night until we were finally able to move to another room the next day. The location is across the freeway from the strip near the MGM, Mandolay Bay, and other attractions but not close enough to walk to. I travel alot for work and am very familiar with all the hotel brands, services, and accomodations each brand provides and I was very disappointed in my stay at this Hampton...overall I would not recommend it.	
May 19 2008 	Good place to do an overnight stay	I had a fairly good experience at the Hampton Inn Tropicana. My stay was one night in length, and I was impressed with the room and the quality of the facilities.My room was typical of a Hampton---comfortable king bed, older but functional bathroom, small sitting area. I didn’t sleep as well as I should have, but that was due to a 9 hour time zone change, and not the hotel comfort. I did not get a chance to try the pool out. There is also a guest laundry room available if you need to do any laundry (I’m sure that the machines are coin operated). Breakfast in the morning was also the typical Hampton fare, but good and plentiful. There was also a bar in this Hampton (never seen that before), but I did not use it. Plenty of parking and the place felt safe enough to me. All of the rooms are entered via inside hallways as opposed to outside corridors. The elevator was creaky but worked fine. There is also a business center with complimentary internet computers if you don’t have your own.All in all, I’d stay here again if I didn’t want to be on the Strip.	
May 14 2008 	Amazing service great hotel	I stay at Hamptons frequently for business, but this was a vacation trip and this Hampton was the best I have stayed at. Most importantly, the staff was incredible! They went above and beyond when our friend got sick. They didn't call him a cab, but they took him to the clinic in the shuttle. The staff was very polite, friendly and knowledgable about the area and recommendations.They have a two key safe deposit box system, instead of the in room safes or the one large safe in the office. We felt very comfortable leaving valuables in the safe deposit box.The room was clean and comfortable. With the typical Hampton Inn beds and pillows, it was a good night sleep.The bar was nicely stocked and had a larger variety than most hotel bars. And we were allowed to take the drinks out to the pool. The pool was decent sized, with a waterfall and a hot tub. Lots of seating and lounge chairs were available. And the pool towels were not the normal 3 foot long towels, they were the big beach towels. The location is great. About a 5 minute easy walk to the strip. And for the price, you can't beat it. The continental breakfast was also better than normal and had all sorts of variety. Parking was free and there was plenty of spaces available, and they also had a parking garage for the busy times.The only downfall was the business center. There were 2 computers there, but only one worked and that monitor was having problems.Overall, I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to everyone.	
Apr 20 2008 	Great Hotel	Wasn't sure what to expect in Las Vegas, but after a 10hr flight from London, this hotel was fantastic and we would definitely recommend it and stay there again. Staff were courteous and helpful. Booked two rooms for 3 nights, one for my husband and our 11yr old son and one for our 19 and 17 yrs old sons. Both were bright, clean and comfortable.Excellent free wireless high speed internet.Breakfast were more than adequate offering an excellent choice, and the breakfast area was clean and inviting. Complimentary coffee available all day.Close enough to the Strip and although close to the I15, we had no traffic noise and great views of the Excaliber and New York New York at night!!Can't find anything to complain about - a great hotel. Would stay again!	
Apr 8 2008	Nice for an off-the-strip stay	We stayed here for 4 nights. It is a typical Hampton Inn. The beds were very comfortable, room nice and clean and bright. The staff was courteous but sometimes so busy it took a while to get help. As a side note our friends were staying at the MGM and our room looked just like theirs except they had about 50 square feet more room than we did. They offer a free shuttle to and from airport. This is a plus and saves about $16. Our shuttle drivers were fabulous! They will shuttle you TO but not from several casinos on the strip for free (we always tipped however). We were told we could walk to the strip, which is true. However, the walk will take you under the interstate overpass right off the Excaliber parking lot. There were numerous homeless folks there and we were not comfortable carrying large amounts of cash while strolling thru there. We were advised not to walk it at night. We ended up taking the shuttle to the strip and bringing a cab back, which averages about $10 before tip.Breakfasts were typical Hampton Inn style. Good selection of fruit, muffins, bagels, cereals, etc. Eggs were pre-cooked or one morning they had breakfast pizza's. The shuttle driver had told us about the place across the street for breakfast and said it was good. So we took our lives in our hands one morning and took a hair-raising walk across the street to the Wild West Gambling Hall and Hotel for their $2.99 breakfast. Breakfast was good but it was so smokey that the air just hung like a blue fog. Unless you are desperate for a change of pace for breakfast I would not recommend it.Overall, if I cannot stay on the strip I would consider staying here again.	
Mar 21 2008 	nasty desk workers	The check in people promised shuttle service, but then backed out on it and we had to take a cab. The bus shuttle driver was nasty and rude, and gave guests a lot of bad-attitude!	
Mar 7 2008 	Best Off the Strip Hotel	Probably the best Hampton I've been too, reminded me more of a full fledged Hilton. Free breakfast was good, even when I had to leave at 500AM. Loved the happy hour specials (basically in Vegas terms, you'll pay what you normally pay at home rather than the triple prices the casinos charge). Good, comfortable bed, loved the free high speed internet. One one of the nights we were there they had a night for Hilton HHonors members with free appetizers and drinks, which is the first time I've ever seen this done. Would absolutely reccomend for the business traveller who doesn't want to stay on the Strip in a casino hotel. Good free shuttle to the Airport and the Strip. All in all, a good place off the strip, better than the Embassy suites or Fairfield Inn, both of which I have stayed in.	
Mar 7 2008 	Suitable Location Off The Strip	Booked the Hampton Inn for a conference held at the Mandalay Bay as other hotel was over my budget and overbooked. Hampton was only 1 mile or so away from the Strip, which was convenient. I drove from CA but if I didn't have transportation, the hotel offered THE speediest shuttle service (one way only) to and from the airport and other locations on the Strip.Complimentary breakfast (wide offering from healthy fruit and more delicious bacon &amp; eggs etc), complimentary internet, complimentary amenities in case you forgot them (toothbrush, razor, conditioner and the like). Comfortable and clean with courteous staff; couldn't ask for anything more. Added bonuses: even though the hotel is near the airport (the older &quot;Fabulous Vegas&quot; sign is close by), my room--facing a rather isolated street--was relatively quiet from street noise. Also - try a drive down Frank Sinatra Dr or Polaris for a good night view of the Strip.	
Feb 15 2008 	Nice option to staying on the strip	We recently stayed 1 night at the Hampton Inn due to being bumped off our flight out of Vegas. This hotel is across the freeway from the strip, but you can walk to the NYNY casino easily. They also offer a free shuttle to and from the airport, as well as a shuttle to 3 stops along the strip. However, you are responsible for getting home from the strip, and as you know, cabs aren't cheap in Vegas (but what is)! They offered complimentary breakfast and have a nice bar area in the lobby, which stays open until 2 or 3. The rooms are nice, very standard, and the beds are quite comfortable. If you are looking for a less expensive option than staying directly on the strip, this is a hotel I would reccomend. Also, they appeared to be able to accomodate conferences which is nice for business meetings.	
Feb 9 2008 	Great for off Strip....	We stayed at the Hampton Inn Tropicana from the 4th of Feb through the 8th. It was nicer than I had expected the hotel to be, the comp. breakfast was decent, hot coffee, tea, cereal, eggs w/ham, or bagels with melted cheese, bacon &amp; eggs, lots of other goodies. The pool area is quite spacious. The shuttle to the strip is a bonus, to get back you'll need to either take a cab or walk ,if your single females I recommend getting a cab back, a little scary walking back especially at night. The cab from Harrahs cost us around $13 + tip. You will not have a problem getting a cab. Go over to any of the major Hotels and you'll see them lined up everywhere. The staff are all pleasant, rooms are CLEAN, beds are super comfy. Only downside if your a smoker, it's tough to get a smoking room, you'll have to suffer and go outside. No big deal! Great experience! All remodeled. Gas station right next door if you need anything, As is a Jack in the Box &amp; In N Out Burger	
Dec 7 2007 	Exceeded expectations	My husband and I stayed at the Hampton Inn after accumulating points for a free stay- we are big Hilton fans. While this hotel is just off The Strip, we thought we'd give it a try. The walk to the Strip takes 10 minutes tops, and you have to cross traffic, go over overpasses and under overpasses but a free shuttle is provided to the Strip. (No return shuttle though). That is the ONLY negative- the place is awesome! The staff was actually quite fun and always very helpful and friendly. The room was spectacular- the best I've ever seen for a Hampton Inn. The decor was beautiful and we had a nice view overlooking the pool area. The morning hot breakfast had plenty to choose from and varied a little bit each day so whether you want eggs and sausage, or biscuits and gravy and a donut or just want something healthy like yogurt, fresh fruit and wheat toast- you will be taken care of. There is a bar that was open even late at night when we returned from &quot;touring&quot; and the pool and outdoor hot tub is beautiful- towels right there for you and big comfortable chaise lounges with big, soft cushions. We went out one evening and had the place to ourselves- it's open til 10:00 pm, I believe, and is very private. (The surrounding area doesn't have the &quot;manicured development&quot; of The Strip). There is also an In and Out Burger across the street- which really hit the spot late one night! I would definitely recommend this hotel if you don't mind a bit of a walk to the main drag- gotta burn off those calories somehow!!	
Oct 30 2007 	Horrible experience at Hampton Tropicana	A loud, high-pitched insect camped out under the heating unit kept me awake all of my first night at this property, and this ended up being the least inconvenient part of my stay.I've been a loyal, and until now, satisfied HHonors member, but I'm seriously reconsidering any future stays at Hampton properties due to the inconsiderate and disrespectful service I encountered at the Hampton Tropicana. At the front desk, I was told by an agent that I had to call the main reservation line to arrange for my room to stay the same in back-to-back reservations to avoid having to move baggage and change rooms once my 94-year-old grandmother arrived for an extended stay. As expected, when I called the Diamond members line, I was told that only the front desk staff had access to room assignments on the property. After a conference call with me, the reservations agent, and the front desk agent, the room issue still was not resolved. After I wasted over 30 minutes with the first front desk agent, another front desk agent simply called the housekeeping staff to find out what clean room was available to stay in for the duration of the reservation. I thought this took care of it, but I found out the next day that the room my grandmother was in would be occupied by another guest, and she was informed that she had five minutes to vacate the room.Long story short: simple tasks turned into collosal wastes of time on multiple occasions during an 8-day stay at this property.I contacted the guest assistance HHonors line about my experience, and they told me I could expect to hear from the property's general manager by yesterday - that never happened, and I have yet to hear a word from the general manager about the lack of customer service at the property. I expected better than this after having stayed with Hilton properties for business travel almost 50 nights this year.	
Oct 23 2007 	Great little gem in Vegas.	This is an excellent alternative to a strip hotel.The Hamptons are an excellent value and seem very updated. This one was clean, friendly, festive, and seemed safe.The room was a little small, but nice and comfy. Cloud 9 bed, free bottled water, and a great breakfast.I think the shuttle goes to the strip? But I don't know for sure.Also, I had to wait at the airport for almost 25 minutes for the shuttle and then when he arrived we sat another 15 minutes - felt long that late at night.	
Oct 10 2007 	Las Vegas Las Vegas	Just got back from Vegas - was there for a wedding.Spent 2 days at the Hampton Inn Tropicana and was pleasantly surprised.For the rates, I was pleasantly suprised as the decor was really good and the room was really big with all the ammenities- internet/cable tv/ heating/air con/ bathroom with shower/tub. the hotel lobbu is comfy and chic.There are multiple lifts and the rooms are clean and very well appointed. It is very busy and theflight crews from airlines stay there. Location- the hotel is about 10 mins from MacCarran Airport and 10 mins from the strip. A shuttle bus is provided free of charge and it runs around every 20 mins although once we were kept waiting for 45 min because of a problem with the bus. the shuttle goes to and from the airport from and to the hotel BUT only from the hotel to the main road in LAs vegas ( known as 'the strip').There is a business centre with 2 computers internet access and 3 printers and it is free of charge. There is no time limit and there is stationery, Fed-Ex/ UPS forms/envelopes.The only down side is the complimentary breakfast which is not too great.The huge concentration of hotels in Las Vegas on the main road known as 'the strip ' is accessible via the hotel shuttle or via taxi for around USD $9-10.You cannot hail taxis in Vegas, you have to go the the taxi posts in most hotels and wait there- the queues can be long but they move fast.	
Oct 2 2007 	Wonderful Hotel 	The hotel was clean and the beds were very comfortable. The best hotel we stayed at during our 8 day trip. We stayed 2 nights here and it is convenient to the strip. The shuttle bus drivers are very pleasant and helpful. The breakfast was good and the staff was attentive. We had a great stay and I recommend this hotel to anyone looking for somewhere a little off the strip but still close. My 10 year old daughter was with me so it was nice to NOT have to walk half a mile through a casino to get to our room.	
Sep 5 2007	Nice Stay!	I booked a king size bed and when we arrived only 2 Queen size bedrooms were available. I tried to change but no other room was available!Staff didn't care about it and argued saying it was a hotels.com problem!Great Breakfast!Free Parking!Great Pool!	
Aug 29 2007	Suprisingly Faboulous!	It was 4th of July Weekend and all the &quot;Big Name&quot; Hotels were booked, so we booked Hampton Inn for like $100 bucks a night and had an awesome time. Complementary Coffee Tea and in the morning complementary Breakfast, which was great. The staff was VERY nice and friendly. It is a Hilton owned hotel so it has a waterfall pool where we spend most of our day After shopping and driving the strip before heading out at night.-For me who is not a big gambler, you can do the Vegas thing in a day, I would not recommend vacationing for a week although the hotel was A+++	
Aug 24 2007 	Nice Place Close to Strip Great Pool!	My family and I stayed here for two nights. The room was clean, and the hotel staff VERY helpful. The continental breakfast was exactly what I expected for the price of the room, not much but the kids liked it and my wife and I liked not having to spend extra. The outside air temperature was over 115 degrees both days we were there and the pool was perfect. Lots of cable channels for the kids to watch. Close enough to the strip that mom and dad could drive there in a few minutes. The hotel felt safe enough to leave the kids (12 and 16) in the pool and room for a few hours in the evening while the parents went the strip. We asked about a good, inexpensive buffet for a late lunch and got a GREAT referral to the Silverton Resort, about a 15 minuted drive south of the strip. We will look at Hampton properties in the years to come!	
Oct 23 2006 	OK for a short trip - worked from room	I accompanied my girlfriend on a business trip. She went to work during the day while i worked from the hotel room. Not sure what happened to the wireless internet, but there was free wired internet ( not a bad thing but i remained tethered to the desk ). internet speeds were actually quite good for a hotel, something along the lines of what you'd get from a 1.5meg dsl line. I had no problems with it at all. The bed was huge and very comfortable ( pitty there was no wireless or i'd have remained there all day ). The staff were pleasant and dealt with any requests quickly ( the phone needed a quick fix upon arrival, but was up and running in 10 minutes of me making the call). If you want peace and quiet then don't stay at the front of the hotel, the road out front is very busy. The hotel was under renovation, floor 3 was gutted, and floor 4 wasn't far behind. However there was little noise from the construction ... maybe the road drowned it out ??Walk into NYNY/MGM was 10-15 minutes, and the shuttle took you to the strip ever 15 minutes for free if you were feeling lazy. Though we were told that is wouldn't bring you back ..... not a problem - taxi only $6-8. Location was not a problem for us ... besides there was an in and out burger across the road.In summary the hotel was fine, i managed to spend hours in the room working each day and didn't have any problems.	
Jul 30 2006 	Not What I'd Expect from Hampton	Airlines booked us here after our flight was canceled. Although we did not have a choice of hotels, we do happen to like this chain. BUT...this wasn't like other Hampton Inns. It seems to be a fairly new hotel, or recently refurbished, but hasn't been well maintained at all. The staff was great--pleasant, trying to accomodate everyone, and very honest when asked which nearby restaurants were good. (Wild-Wild-West restaurant had good recommendation from the hotel staff as well as other guests who had been on our flight.) In fact, the hotel staff was probably the best thing about this hotel.There were no non-smoking rooms available, so our room was most definitely a &quot;smoking room.&quot; The carpet was damp for some reason, and I don't think it was from carpet shampoo. There was food on the floor on the far wall where a table and two chairs sat. Housekeeping probably forgot to vacuum there. And also forgot to bend down and manually pick up the food.But the bedding was clean, and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was fairly clean, hot water, plenty of towels, and a coffee pot. And the hotel was very quiet. There was also a roach in the room, on the wall. One of the other reviewers said he/she was told roaches are normal for Las Vegas. Maybe so, but I've never noticed a roach in any of the 4* and 5* hotels on the strip. Although we didn't use the pool, our room did have a pool view. The pool looked clean from what I could see, and it seemed like an adequate pool area, and was being enjoyed by several kids and teens. If you want something that is not on the Strip, but within walking distance, this is probably adequate, although I would not recommend walking or jogging in this area at night. At 5am, waiting to take the shuttle back to the airport, there was quite a bit of foot-traffic from the Golden Palms Hotel across the street to Tropicana Avenue, all wearing very short skirts, skimpy tops, and very high heels. I'm pretty certain they weren't registered guests of the Golden Palm, either. They appeared to be women who worked at the Golden Palm, but were not employed there. But they only crossed through the Hampton parking lot without approaching the door. Perhaps because there was a security person at the Hampton lobby door. The hotel provides a complimentary shuttle to NYNY, MGM, and TI (to return to the hotel, you'll need to get a cab or walk back.) If you are a female traveling alone, I would not recommend this side of I-15. I would not feel safe here alone. As I said, we were booked here by the airlines, so our room was free. Otherwise, I probably would not stay here again.	
Apr 11 2006	Above avg Hampton	Seemed a new rehab. Nice for Hampton / above avg for that chain due to newness of rooms + standard HI decor. Suspect that previous neg. reviews were prior to a renovation.Location is convenient / near airport + fwy. West of Excalibur on Tropicana. Not for weekenders walking to strip, very convenient for business trip. Nice to be just south of strip congestion.Tacky: Property charges for use of business center. Charge for web browsing, charge for printing. Frequent travelers expect better from typical Hampton.	
Sep 10 2005 	OK for quick stay only	I stayed at this hotel for a week on a business trip. If you like no frills, then this is the place. It is off the strip and across a major highway (I-15) but you can walk to NY NY or Excalibur in about 15 minutes. The staff was very attentive and the shuttle and drivers were great. They dropped us off at the strip each time and what ever time we wanted to go. If I ever had to stay a week again, I wouldn't stay here, but for a quick stay at a cheap price, away from the busy strip, I might.They are in need of a major make-over, and did tell me that one was planned for early 2006.	
Aug 20 2005	did us right	The airline put us up here after cancelling our flight. Both shuttle drivers were extremely courteous and friendly, and so were the bartenders. Check-in smooth, even tho we asked for a smoking room and got a nonsmoking, they had us switched literally within a couple of minutes. Roomy room, a little worn, but clean and adequate. Good drinks. Not much happening in the immediate neighborhood.	
Jul 29 2005 	Worst Hotel ever!	I am a frequent traveler, having stayed in hundreds of hotels over the years. This was one of the worst experiences I have had with a hotel. Read on.Check in: Water running from ceiling into a bucket in the lobby area for two days.Elevators both stopped working first day. Got one running, second one out for a day and a half.Entered lobby men's room immediately after cleaning lady finished. Paper towels and toilet paper all over the floor. Got dirty look from cleaning lady when I complained to desk.Meeting room air cond. couldn't keep our group cool. Moved to other meeting center room.Fire alarm went off on third day. Kept ringing for two hours 9-10 o'clock at night before reset. Fire Doors closed off halls and elevators. No fire.Discovered on last night my bedroom ceiling was wet and there was mold growing in the corner of the ceiling that I lived with for five days! Heard one other guest complaining about this problem.The Hotel does have a 100% satisfaction garantee and credited me with one night free (that's 100%??)Breakfast OK. Maid Service OK. Shuttle service to LV Strip good.Overall the hotel suffers from very bad maintenance or poor building construction. Either makes for a bad stay. Definitely NOT going back.	
Jun 25 2005	Roaches dirty carpet nasty mattresses worn linen unapologetic staff – BAD!	I stayed at the Hampton Inn Summerlin the last time I was in Vegas (Dec 2003) and was pleased enough with the hotel to book my reservation at Hampton Inn Tropicana on my next trip. Unfortunately, the Hampton Inn Tropicana (right off the Strip) is nothing like its sister hotel. Though I only stayed there a few hours, this was the worst hotel stay I've ever had.The first thing I noticed when I walked in the hotel was that the lobby was nice- much better than the HI Summerlin. But this was the only positive impression that I had of HI Tropicana. The first thing I noticed when I walked in my room was the filthy carpet full of cigarette holes (I was in a non-smoking room). I immediately thought that the room was overpriced ($123.50 per night), but it was Memorial Day weekend after all. Anyway, when I pulled back the bedspread to take a nap, I was appalled at what I found. The linens were old and had holes in them, and the mattress and box spring were the thinnest and flattest I'd ever seen. The fabric on the box spring was obviously dirty. The bed was something I would expect to see in some no-name, low-class, low-cost motel – not a Hilton chain. About 30 minutes later, I saw a roach crawling on my luggage. I went down to the front desk to complain and ask for another room, but was told that there weren’t any other rooms and that no one was available to clean the room or even spray some bug killer. I didn’t even receive an apology from the staff, but was told that roaches are common place in Las Vegas heat and that it was not surprising that they were in the guest rooms. The manager said that out-of-towners just don’t understand that roaches are normal and expected. I was dumbfounded. I returned back to my room, but was unable to relax due to the creepy feeling that bugs were everywhere. A bit later, I saw another roach right on the bedside table. I had enough. I killed the roach and put it in a plastic cup to take down to the front desk. I shook out all of my belongings to make sure that no roaches were hitching a ride with me- and went down to check out.I gave the manager the cup with the dead roach inside and he sarcastically said that he would add it to the collection of other bugs. I was still not offered an apology. I asked for his business card so that I could make a formal complaint. He said that I should have no reason to complain, because he was not going to charge me for the stay. He failed to realize that money was not the only point – it was unsanitary manner it which the hotel was being kept and the lack of customer service. The presence of roaches is a health hazard that businesses are mandated by law to prevent, not expect. After some pressing, he finally gave me a general card for the hotel and wrote his name on it. I asked for proof that I was not being charged, and was told that there wasn’t anything really to show it. I pushed further and was given a blank folio sheet. Yesterday, I looked at my credit card statement and saw that I was still charged $134.62 for the stay.	
Jun 1 2005	Good enough to get by (good price/nice shuttle)	Should you listen to me? I'm someone who usually stays in a modest hotel - Hampton, Fairfield, Holiday Inn. Will do a Ramada or Hilton on occasion. A Lodge or resort/spa is a treat for me. Mostly I want a CLEAN ROOM and I prefer a new hotel or a recently renovated one.The Good:Good location. While on the &quot;wrong&quot; side of I-15 it was a short walk to the strip (if that's your thing). The lobby was nice and the room did the trick. Got in late and only stayed until I caught the shuttle to the airport at 4:30am. The shuttle was really timely and the drivers were very nice and informative. The shuttle runs 24 hours.The OK:The staff seemed distracted as they were trying to answer the phone / talk to people out of view in the back / and tend to people at the counter. Otherwise they were fine - seen better / seen much worse. No view from our room facing the backside but that's OK. While the walk was relatively short to the strip it was littered with broken bottles, trash, and didn't seem that safe really. Of course, this is not the hotels fault. If women or children are in your party I'd take the shuttle to the strip.The not-so-good:The room could have used a much better cleaning. I don't ask for much but I need that. It passed initial inspection but looking closer, especially in the bathroom, it could have been cleaner.I'd stay again but I hope they did a good cleaning on the place (assuming all rooms were like mine). Good value and I like Hampton Inns - this one just could have been scrubbed a bit better for my tastes.	
May 24 2005	Not too shabby	I was overall happy with our experience at Hampton. The location was about a 10 minute walk to New York New York. We spent a lot of our time there. (mainly for the restaurants and shows) We also rented a car. Renting a car has its good and bad points. It is not easy at times to get out of the parking lot. Traffic sometimes makes things difficult. But walking is stressful (crossing a freeway) and taxi rides can add up. The rooms were your average nice(er) hotel room. Nothing amazing but no complaints. The comp breakfast was a nice bonus. Again, nothing extraordinary but I will take free food anytime and like it! Helpful staff as well. They helped with all of our needs. Next time we go to Vegas, we will probably not stay there again. We would rather pay the extra bucks to be in the middle of the strip. but if you love the quiet and dont mind the hassle of getting to and from the strip, stay here. You wont be disappointed.	
May 8 2005 	Did Not Meet Our Expectations	The front desk staff was great and so was the location. The lobby and grounds were well maintained and I enjoyed the free high-speed internet access.We recently stayed at the Hampton Inn in Sacramento which was surprisingly wonderful and were expecting this one to be close to it... we were wrong! This property was &quot;spent&quot; in desperate need of a guestroom remodel! The bed mattress were &quot;tired&quot;, sheets looked like they were not changed from the prior guest. Inadequate lighting and no fridge, and carpet needed to be replaced... definitely not what we experienced in Sacramento! My associates felt the same, fortunately the hotel staff was kind enough to check us out without penalty and we moved to the Westin... much better!Hilton should temporarily remove their name, the owners should invest and remodel otherwise sell it off to more able hands... sorry.	
May 3 2005 	So close yet so far away	Surprisingly pleasant stay close enough to the Strip and all it has to offer, yet far enough away to accomodate any desire for quiet/solitude. Free(included in your fees I'm sure)shuttle from the airport...very helpful. Adequate free continental breakfast from 6 to 10 am (eggs, meat, fruit, pastries, cereals, juice, milk, coffee, etc.). Very basic fitness room(2 treadmills, 1 stairmaster, 1 exercise bike, 1 pulley weight setup). More family/business traveller oriented, so very little chance of screaming drunks to contend with. My girlfriend and I stayed here while she was attending a convention at another hotel. Served well for our purposes...I lounged while she worked. Cabs arrive pretty quickly. Usually no more than $10 to get from the Strip. Easy enough of a walk if you can handle it(15 minutes). Definitely not the most glamorous of hotels, but we knew that and were more than satisfied. Would repeat. I suppose our only complaint would be the ever present cigarette odor that permeates all of Las Vegas. Do they pump cigarette smoke out through the sewer grates there too? EVERYWHERE!!	
May 3 2005	Okay stay at Tropicana	It was our first time in Vegas. I have stayed at hotel's of many price ranges. This hotel was just okay. The casino and pool both were very nice. For us doing a quick trip and not wanting to spend a lot of money on a hotel for this trip it wasn't bad. The garden rooms need remodeled very badly. If not they need to make it cheaper to stay there! I hear the other rooms are better. The pool area was great. Although we ordered a drink and I really don't think there was alcohol in them. Since we paid for their to be alcohol in them it's disappointing. The rooms bothered me the most. They had a smell as well as the hallways, and they are major outdated and kinda yuck! Even though we didn't pay to be at a higher rated hotel we didn't pay to be at a one star hotel either!	
Mar 4 2005	Great Place To Stay	This is part 2 of my review. You can briskly walk to the excalibur casino or new york, new york in about 10 minutes. mgm is there also. Or, you can spend a few dollars and take a bus to the intersection of tropicana and las vegas blvd. ....GET A FREE TRANSFER WHEN YOU GET ON THE BUS....from there, you can take one of 2 buses to get to the strip hotels. one is an express, with only 5 stops from there to downtown vegas, or the regular bus which will take absolutely forever. on a holiday weekend, it took us almost 2 hours to get from downtown vegas (freemont st.) to the intersection of tropicana.the monorail is definately the way to go. zoom, and you're there!next time, we will stay on the middle of the strip, but the price was right, and we averaged $60/night including the NYE holiday! The shuttles do not drive on las vegas blvd. They use the back entrances of the casinos, and get you there VERY VERY FAST.	
Feb 17 2005	Nice location nice hotel.	Within walking distance (for a semi-regular walker) of the Excalibur and it's neighbors, this is a great place to stay if you want to stay off the strip and in a non-casino hotel. The room was nice, and so was the front desk staff and the shuttle driver. I would stay here again.	
Jan 14 2005	When you think the TROP remember plop!!!!!		
Dec 29 2004	Some Bad Some Good		
Sep 13 2004	Excellent Hotel		
Aug 2 2004	The only place with 24hr shuttle		
Jul 30 2004 	Adequate but...		
Jul 21 2004	Good times at the Tropicana		
Jun 27 2004	A nice alternative to casino hotel fare		
Apr 29 2004	Excellent!		
Apr 28 2004	Had a good trip		
Jan 28 2004	Mixed review		
Aug 7 2009 	Ottimo hotel però...		
Jul 27 2009 	Sehr schönes Hotel 600 m vom Strip - toll!		
Nov 15 2008 	Hampton Inn-Las Vegas - ist zu empfehlen !!!		
Oct 8 2008 	Taille humaine		
