Jan 2 2008	A little gross	This was the only place we could find under a hundred dollars on the night before New Years Eve. Let me start by saying when I asked If I could pay for the next night in advance the &quot;manager&quot; told me I couldn't because he wasn't sure how much he was going to charge. The room smelled, the heater didn't work, bath towels the size of hand towels ,and soap that doesn't lather. Just be prepared if you choose to stay here it's definitely a dive motel.	
Jan 25 2004	The most disgusting place to stay! Terrible customer service and rooms are dirty and full of roaches.	We paid $75 dollars per person at this hotel, it was 4 of us. It was the only available hotel at that price. When we went to the room ut ws absolutely disgusting. It was dirty, no toilet paper, just one soap and liner for the toilet, we were lucky to get one set of towels for all of us. The heater wasnt working and it was patched up with black tape, so were the walls and batroom door, full of wholes. The room was tiny and smelled strange.The best was very uncomfortable and it was covered with only the sheets, It was cold! It was a very depressing view. We couldnt get our money back so we stayed. We left very early to eat and left my 18 year old brother sleeping in the room. They called my brother one hour before the time we were supposed to leave to remind him. We got lost and couldnt make it back where the hotel was on time and they had kicked out my brother from the hotel and asked him to pay for another day if he wanted to stay the extra hour that we were late. He paid them the extra hour and stayed inside because it was raining and there in no where no go around there, their lobby was wet since the roof is dripping. As soon as we got there they went inside the room and wanted to clean it and I told them to get out since we had paid the full amount for one day eventhough we were not staying. They are nasty peopl!I forgot to say they were roaches in the bathroom and they only pick up the visible trash from the floor and straighten the bed linens without changing them!!	
