Nov 24 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	By far the best Hotel I had ever been to, great staff, great service and an even better Buffet. You dont even have to leave the Hotel, food, games everything is right there. Outstanding!!!!	
Nov 20 2009 	Great Place to Stay!!!	We got a room on the 6th floor (top floor) in the Spa Tower. If you are going to stay here, I would suggest the Spa Tower, unless you have kids, then the other tower would be for you. The Room: We walked in our room and it was fabulous! At night we had a great view of the city. There were french doors that opened up to a grass/garden area. It wasn't a balcony, it was french doors that just opened up with a balcony railing right when you open the door. There were a couple sitting chairs and a coffee table that were right next to the french doors, so you can open the doors and sit in the chairs and relax. There is an ethernet cable ready for you to plug your computer into and it was free. The desk is nice sized with an office chair. The bed was really nice. Very comfortable and not too hard. There is a walk-in closet (nice-sized) with an ironing board, iron, and a safe. There is a little bar area that has a mini coffee maker. It makes single cups of coffee at a time. There is a little box where you can choose your coffee, tea, etc.. The Bathroom: The bathroom is BIG! There is a corner jacuzzi tub that can easily fit 2 people. There is a corner shower stall that has a sitting area and you can choose between a regular shower head or the waterfall shower head. Dual sinks with great ammenities. (shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, lotion, q-tips, cotton nalls, etc.). The toilet is in a seperate part of the bathroom and is seperated by a door. There is a knob in the bathroom that you can turn on to listen to whatever you are watching on TV. I guess it's good if you're listening to the news while getting ready or whatever. The room includes some really nice and comfy robes. Dislike: The only thing I did not like was that there was no fridge in the room. As nice as the rooms are, there was no fridge. Kinda weird. In place of a fridge was what they consider a &quot;cooler&quot;. This thing is not a cooler and you cannot change the temp of it. They have a bottle of water in there ($5 for the bottle) and it was maybe 2 degrees over room temp. Pretty pathetic cooler. There is a sign though that says that if you would like to request a fridge brought up to the room you can do so, but for only certain rooms. Again, weird.The Pool: The pool is gorgeous! Unfortunately I was unable to go there.The Spa: The Spa is awesome! A little pricey, but well worth the money. I got massages, scrubs, etc.. You get a robe and slippers, a private locker and it is just absolutely relaxing. There is a sauna and a steam room, hot and cold plunges, and a little pool inside the locker room. There is also these showers that have water plunging down on you really hard. Kinda massages your back and stuff. There are normal showers in there as well with the waterfall nozzle. They have large bottles of shampoo, conditioner, and shower gel for you to use. There is also a fitness center in it, so you can work out too. I ordered lunch there which was also a little pricey for a salad but I was so relaxed I didn't care. There is a door to go outdoors to a coed pool and jacuzzi. There is also a fridge that you can have unlimited juices, water, and fruit.Restaurants: For breakfast, Ceres is best! They have a breakfast buffet that is really good! You can sit outside on the patio or you can eat indoors. Speidini's is really good too! It's an italian-type restaurant and is great for dinner. The hotel is connected to the Rampart Casino. I do not recommend eating at the Rampart Buffet for either breakfast, lunch, or dinner. I heard mixed reviews of that place, but after eating there, my husband and I both felt a little queezy. And we have iron stomachs! The Promenade cafe is good for lunch. There's a Starbucks there that comes in handy. The Carmel Room is a pretty good steakhouse. It's a la carte, so it can be a bit pricey. There are these secluded tables that are seperated by curtains for privacy. Pretty cool. If you eat there, just request one to the hostess. There's no extra charge for them. Checkout: Checkout was pretty easy. If you need a ride to the airport you can take their shuttle for $30 per person. The only bad thing is the shuttle only leaves at certain times and there are only 4 or 5 time slots. So you have to hope that your flight is somewhere around that. The other choice is a private vehicle for $50 that can pick you up whenever you want. Since there were me and my husband it was not only cheaper for us to take the private vehicle, but it was also more convenient (time-wise). The valet guys are really nice and very hospitable, so make sure you tip them. The only thing about the hotel is it's location. It's not on the strip and about a 15+ minute drive from the strip. It's in the Summerlin area which is on the other side of town. However, it is really nice and very relaxing. Since there's a casino attached, you can get your gamble fix in as well. There's also a casino next door and another one a few miles away.	
Nov 14 2009 	Not impressed	This hotel is billed as a nice resort in Vegas, but it's anything but. I was surprised to find that there is no option for wifi, at least in the palm tower. The rooms have ancient tube TVs, and the remote for my room did not function. There was also a stench of open sewer throughout the building the weekend of my stay. The free parking for the Palm tower is a long walk from the front door. Your other option is paying for a valet with tips.The rooms a a good size, and the restaurant area is pretty nice, but to be honest, the place feels deserted - almost too empty. It feels dead.	
Nov 5 2009 	Not the best Marriott experience I've had	This was a mixed bag, to be sure. The rooms are certainly large and nicely appointed. The view of the mountains from our room was spectacular. Though we didn't use the pool, it's lovely and huge. Did use the hot tub which could've been hotter but was warm and bubbly and after a long day walking on the strip was perfect. The grounds are beautiful and staff was invariably pleasant and helpful. So why wasn't I thrilled. Let's start in the bathroom. It's enormous with a jacuzzi tub and separate shower. But on getting into the shower, it appeared that there was black mildew growing where the &quot;seat&quot; built into the shower met the floor. Which was creepy. On closer inspection, there was simply no grout there at all, those were unfilled gaps I was seeing. Also kind of creepy. The lighting was another issue. While there were five lights in the bedroom/living area, with all of them turned on, it was still dim. But the bathroom was the worst. The lighting was behind a cove, and even with the lighted makeup mirror, it was difficult to see well enough to even put on makeup. The hairdryer was one of those small travel-type dryers with two settings - burning hot tornado or light breeze cool. It made it really difficult to use and I very much regretted not bringing my own dryer, though in general, we stay at Marriotts and they have much higher quality dryers. Another issue was transportation to the strip. I found either on the conference brochure or their web site (can't remember which) that there was a shuttle to the strip. I am SO glad I called because this shuttle, during the week, goes 3 times a day. So you can't come and go at your leisure and if you go in the morning, you are pretty much trapped there all day unless you're willing to spend $50 (I'm told) on a cab. This is definitely not a hotel I'd ever stay in without a rental car. The casino seems small and shabby. It didn't seem at all up to par with the strip hotels, and certainly not to the casino at the red rock resort which is only about 10-15 minute from the Marriott. We were there for a business meeting and so didn't have a choice on where to stay. I have to say though that I would never choose to stay at this hotel. Too many negatives and way too many other choices.	
Oct 14 2009 	Extremely Comfortable and Elegant...	As a former resident of Las Vegas (Summerlin specifically), I was pretty familiar with the JW Marriott and was excited to stay there as a tourist. I'd never been in the rooms before and opted to stay in a Jr. Suite. The size of the suite was ample, but at $309.00/night I couldn't help but be extremely critical of a few issues. The first being the TV. I thought at this caliber of hotel, all the TV's would be upgraded to flat screens with high definition picture quality but the TV in the suite was quite old and outdated. I've stayed in Holiday Inn's with better TVs. Second, there's a fee for internet access--I find this absolutely appalling when the rates are what they are. Third and most nit picky of all, the armoire was scratched and the couch was slightly stained and very faded. These are very easy fixes and I expect that from this hotel. What I loved about the hotel outweighed the bad. The bed was the best feature as it was extremely comfortable and well dressed. The bathroom was fabulous with a large jacuzzi tub and rainfall shower. I loved the walk in closet and the french doors. The ceiling fan was a nice touch. I ordered room service one night and was very pleased. And lastly, the courtyard/pool area is simply breathtaking. If I were to stay here again, I think I would choose a regular room as I didn't feel the living room furniture and setup were that great. Overall, I was comfortable and happy and just slightly disappointed.	
Oct 13 2009 	Better than you expect	We originally decided to stay here because of my husband's rewards miles which allowed us to stay for free. We figured we'd try it even though it was off the strip mainly because it was suppose to be right next to the tram.When we first arrived we were greeted by the friendly staff. Check-in was a little crowded and I think you need to be aware of this since it's near the convention center and draws large business crowds. That weekend there wasn't a huge event happening and it was still a little crowded. The rooms were very nice and clean although your standard room with bed and tiny desk but the bathroom/shower was very nice. We decided to eat at the restaurant/bar downstairs and the food was absolutely delicious. The decor of the entire hotel was much nicer that I expected and I was very impressed. And since it has no casino it was nice and smoke free.The tram is across the hotel parking lot and convention parking lot. It's a 5 minute walk. Not as close as some made it seem but not far either and since you're not staying in a huge hotel which takes you 20 minutes just to get through the lobby, it ends up being faster too. It was so convenient getting to MGM from this location in a quick 15 minutes. Checkout was easy too. Overall very pleasant experience and we'd consider staying again.	
Oct 11 2009 	Everything you need	My family and I stayed at this resort for a weekend on our way to Utah. It was a fabulous property that had everything we needed to make our stay comfortable. The room was spacious enough to fit a roll-away bed. The beds were Marriott quality--- heavenly comforters and goosedown feather pillow. The room was clean! The property itself was huge, with a great swimming pool, volleyball area, meandering walkways, etc. We purchased a package that was advertised at the check-in counter for an extremely reasonable rate that allowed entrance/use of the workout facility and spa for two people and internet use and the bottles of water in the room. They have a gift shop/store, restaurants (one that serves buffet), and a casino. The great thing is that there is a golf course nearby and another casino in the vicinity. It is not on the strip, so there is no traffic to deal with. The surrounding area is quiet and beautiful. We would stay here again!	
Oct 9 2009 	Gigantic rooms and great pools	We took a weekend trip to Las Vegas with our two young children under 7. The JW Marriott is exactly what we had hoped for. It was a huge property with gigantic rooms. It was only about 7 minutes off of the strip. Self Parking was right by the entrance to the Spa Tower which was very nice.One odd thing that seem misplaced was the casino. I'm assuming they farmed it out as the restaurants and the casino seemed so un-Marriott like.We had the breakfast buffet at the restaurant closest to the front desk (can't remember the name right now). They had omelette station, waffle maker, and fresh pancakes. Other than that, the buffet overall was pretty disappointing as far as selection goes.We loved the gigantic pool. It was 3 1/2 feet deep in the majority of the pool which was perfect for me 7 year old, but a bit too deep for my 5 year old. There are two hottubs as well. The one closest to the towel cabana was lukewarm, the other one was the perfect temperature.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel if want to be in Las Vegas but not necessarily be in the craziness of the Strip.	
Oct 8 2009 	Relaxing Yet Plenty to Do	A beautiful resort with a very helpful and pleasant staff. It is close enough to the strip yet far enough away to escape from the hectic pace of Sin city. The hotel has several restaurants at various price points, and offers a good variety. The staff was very helpful, dining was never rushed, which was good after a day or evening in the casinos. We used the fitness center and spa which had a nice private hydrotherapy pool, sauna, and various fitness machines. It was a great way to spend an entire day. Since we were there in May you could sit outside without melting and enjoy the pool and gardens. I would surely stay here again. They have a shuttle bus into the strip which leaves a few times a day. It was never crowded, we had no problems getting a seat. During the busy times of the year that could be a problem. We did have a car, but the bus was so easy we took that into the city many times. Be sure to get a car to go to Red Rock Canyon, it's very close by and worth the trip. Also go the the Valley of Fire, it should not be missed for the scenery. The Hoover Dam is an easy trip, go by car. I wouldn't bother with a tour, that seems like they are herding cattle, go on your own. You can then go to Lake Mead and tour on the paddle boat, great trip. Again, go on your own, no need for a planned tour unless you do not have a car. We did the Hoover Dam, Lake Mead, and Valley of Fire in one long day, but it was worth it.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice hotel a few problems though	We stayed at this lovely resort for the third time in four years. I like it in general, but we have always had a problem getting the rooms cool enough. There are motion sensors on the thermostats and when you go to bed, it gets way too warm for comfortable sleeping. A very nice custodian came by but couldn't do anything about it.Also, the food and service at Spiedini Restaurant were just awful. It was hot and stuffy and the waitstaff couldn't fix it (are they trying to save money by cheaping out on A/C?) and the calimari was so greasy and horrible that the three of us who ordered it couldn't eat it at all--and the waitress didn't apologize or offer to bring us something else. We won't stay here on our next visit.	
Oct 4 2009 	Still the best hotel in Vegas	I've been staying at the JW Marriott Las Vegas for about 5 years now, and I try to write a review of the property each time I stay. My recent stay was outstanding--everything was perfect. I love this hotel because everyone is genuinely interested in making your stay as nice as possible. Free valet parking is a nice touch. Room: I won't spend time describing the hotel in detail, because the other reviews do a nice job of that. The rooms include a very nice whirlpool tub and a waterfall shower. You can get a rollaway bed if needed. Try to get a room in the lobby tower. I have never had a bad room there.Pool: Great pool with a waterfall. A little colder than I would typically like, but with the hot weather, it feels good. I wish smoking wasn't allowed by Marriott pools, but there is no smoking in the hotel. Restaurants: I really like the Promenade Cafe in the casino. Great food at reasonable prices. I've never had a bad meal there. Apparently word has spread, because we had a wait for a table for the first time ever this year. Probably because you can get a really good 3-course meal for $7.99. Casino: Small casino, but a fun little place. I learned that they will be renovating the casino over the next year, so that will address some of the previous comments about the casino looking outdated. The casino is not owned by Marriott--it is an outside company.The only cons I can think of are that breakfast is not included anymore for Elite members (just go to the Promenade Cafe for a great breakfast at a good price), and there may now be a resort fee (so inquire about that at check in). I'll be returning as soon as I can!	
Sep 19 2009 	We love the JW	We stayed here in April 2009 and again in July 2009. I think we have stayed there a total of 5 stays. We love it. Great pool, casino at hotel, golf course, several restaurants, on site, and the rooms are huge and just awesome! We usually go over to the Red Rock Casino for the excellent buffet and for bowling (72 lanes). There is also a Cheesecake Factory nearby, and other shopping and restaurants. There is an Irish brewpub in the Casino area next to the JW that has good food and beers. There is also a Starbucks on site for lite breakfasts. The JW restaurant is good and has a nice breakfast buffet where you can eat outside next to the pond and watch the fish &amp; waterfalls. Room service is pretty good, with large pizzas, ice cream, etc. They have free valet parking at the JW and a good spa also. I can't wait to go back again. The beds are awesome!	
Sep 2 2009 	Average hotel advantage of being away from the choas of LV	Large hotel, like all Las Vegas hotels have to walk miles to get from one end to the other. Stayed with my husband and 2 daughters aged 7 &amp; 11.We had a 2 bedded queen room, large spacious room, walk in wardrobe, large spa bath, seperate shower. Considering we have 4 guests in our room , towels for 3,more towels requested as well as rollaway bed.No problem.On our return the next day back to towels for 3 people alittle annnoying.No free internet service.Large pool no deep area, very cold, not heated only our daughters braved it very slowly. Plenty of pool loungers.Restaurants around the hotel, very mixed and very very average. Didn't eat at expensive restaurants as with our children. Ate at Irish pub food pretty awful, the aeroplane food was better. Breakfast was also very basic,at the Rampart Casino restaurant. Slow from ordering miserable waitress full order was not received but due to her manner couldn't be bothered to chase up our toast. Glad we are not here any longer than the 2 nights. Only main advantages large pool with fab spa bath and away from noisy LV strip.	
Aug 31 2009 	Getting tired - needs updating	We have been staying at this property near Las Vegas for about 5 years. It's funny how new hotels pop up and suddenly your &quot;old&quot; hotel has lost its charm. That's definitely happening with the JW Marriott Las Vegas. The rooms and the common areas (hallways, dining room, even casino and bathrooms) are simply not in the same league as other 4 or 5 star properties in Las Vegas. The casino and establishments near it are also getting &quot;tired&quot;. Having stayed at several JW's over the past 5 years, this one simply continues to look more and more dated as the years go by. The furnishings and decor are all very dull and uninspired. They never really tried too hard to tie in the southwestern feel of Nevada nor did they try to make it particularly luxurious which would be fine if this were a regular Marriott property rather than a JW. We did appreciate that the parking is free although the valets were busy chatting when we were struggling to get our bags out the door the morning we checked out. Housekeeping also needs to be told to &quot;use their inside voices&quot; because one yelling down the hall to the other at 8am is simply unacceptable. The breakfast staff at the main restaurant &quot;Ceres&quot; were all very good to us but we did have an issue with one man at the front desk. Breakfast for 2 was included in our room but my husband did not have any &quot;coupons&quot; with him so the waiter simply suggested he go to the front desk to get coupons. The front desk clerk was very irritated that the waiter suggested this and my husband ended up walking all the way back to our 4th floor room (which was some distance) only to find they never provided any coupons. In May we stayed at the JW Desert Ridge in Phoenix and breakfast was also included. There, you simply advise your name and room number and they take care of the rest. Here at the LV location, it's apparently like the food hall at your old college campus. This is not the way most 4/5 star resorts operate and in a hotel like this, the front desk should have been more concerned about the guest rather than their displeasure with a coworker. We chose this hotel partly because of its proximity to Red Rock Canyon - where we like to hike - but also the fact that it's not on the strip and we wanted to relax on the first leg of our trip (we returned to Vegas and stayed at The Palazzo the following week). The other reasons we chose this hotel was because of the size of the rooms in the main building and the pool area - which I still love. I do however believe there were some people at the pool who were not guests at the resort which I never care to see and I wish hotels were more vigilant about that. I just hope that Marriott can take a real hard critical look at this property and bring it back up to JW standards. I would still recommend this hotel to a friend but only if I gave them the entire picture. While we truly enjoyed our time by the pool - even though it should stay open longer in the summer - this place needs to be freshened up.	
Aug 28 2009 	The best hotel I've ever stayed it was excellent and wonderful	No complaint at all for everything! Beautiful exterior and interior that really mathes surrounding atmosphere, friendliness of the people, cleaness in the facility, reluxing garden and swimming pools! Good access to Red Lock and Mt Charleston both laid within the reach of less than 1hr drive so worth relaxing in the nature in the day time before heading to the strip in the evening for another enjoyment there. I was really convinced that it was the exact right choice! My wife already started saying &quot;I want to be back there again &quot; immediately upon our return back home in Japan! Worth staying there if you want a real relaxation.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Service Great People Great Hotel	This hotel is located a little ways away from the Strip but the overall service and amenities beat out having to deal with the strip crowd any day. We recently visited for a weekend getaway and absolutely enjoyed every minute. My wife was able to relax and enjoy a day at the spa while I was able to take in a round of golf with some friends who were visiting from out of town. We all enjoyed a fabulous dinner at the Shizen Japanese Restaurant later that evening and I highly recommend this property to any one looking for a locals getaway weekend. The only downside is the price tag that accompanies such great service, otherwise an absolutely stelar experience!Thanks again to all the staff for such an amazing weekend, keep up the good work!!	
Aug 23 2009 	This hotel just made our stay GREAT!	We visited Las Vegas for a week and had a marvellous time. We quickly realised that if we hadn't picked to stay at the JW, our experience would not have been nearly so good. The hotel has a real resort feel - it is in a peaceful location in Summerlin, maybe 20 minutes from the Strip. This was really important because in temperatures reaching 108F during the day, the wonderful water gardens, the superb pool and the golf setting was just a world away from the crowded strip. We loved going down there at night and either drove ourselves or used the free hotel shuttle but I wouldn't have wanted to stay down there. It would be great if you were just going for a weekend, or possibly in the winter when it wasn't so hot, but not in August. We spent fabulous days around the pool - it felt like a real holiday - and then lived it up down on the Strip at night. Our room was very spacious - two queen sized beds and an enormous bathroom with large spa bath and huge shower. We had a small balcony overlooking the grounds and we were in the main tower. There is a restaurant in the hotel but most of the dining options are in the casino area. We ate a lunch buffet and a dinner buffet (pretty mediocre to be honest) and had breakfast a couple of times. Wouldn't rave about any of them other than they were cheap. Valet parking was free and very speedy. The pool is beautiful with superb beds and a good little snack bar with very quick pool service. We spent a lot of time out there. The only problem was that there were not a lot of umbrellas which was strange but as the hotel wasn't crowded when we were there it was not an issue. The loungers were very comfortable.We ate out in Vegas a lot and attended shows and generally walked around admiring all the glitz and glamour. Really enjoyed the week and wouldn't hesitate to return. We visited many of the Strip hotels and whilst they were very elaborate and exciting, it would have been like staying in a theme park: so noisy, crowded, tour groups constantly moving through, the noise from the casinos which are in the lobbies. The JW is NOTHING like this and that was a blessing for us. If you want to be in the heart of the action 24 hours a day, it won't suit you. If you want to have the best of both worlds, then it is a fantastic choice.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great to be so far from the strip! Lovely pool relaxing stay	If you want to spend all your time at the Strip, then this is probably too far away but if, like us, you only want to see the Strip for a fleeting glance, the JW Marriott is perfectly located (although our taxi driver took over an hour to get us back there as she hadn't a clue where the hotel was and wouldn't believe that we did). The hotel is definitely over-sized and felt very empty in July (presume the recession had bitten) but the room we were allocated was fantastic. Really sumptuous and perfect for a family of 4 sharing two Queen beds. Amazing bathroom - huge - with great shower and bath. We didn't have much of a view but that didn't matter on this occasion. The breakfast was pretty limited and not very exciting although the staff were very attentive and friendly. The revolting casino area was dreadful and in fact that entire part of the hotel, really unattractive. However, the hotel's huge swimming pool was our reason for booking because after driving hundreds of miles, we were delighted to relax with the children and enjoy some down time. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to have a lazy couple of days en route to LA or Grand Canyon. There is a reliable shuttle bus to the Strip and there seemed to be a good choice of restaurants if you wanted to eat at the hotel rather than head in to Vegas.	
Aug 5 2009 	Love Marriott..Hated this hotel.	I am a faithful Marriott customer, gold level elite member, and ALWAYS stay at a Marriott property when traveling for business or for pleasure. I've stayed at JW Marriott properties before, including the Star Pass Resort in Tucson (my very favorite resort) and the JW in Washington DC, and have always had very positive experiences. With this visit, we were so dissatisfied, that we left the property ten minutes after checking in.The first impression was (and I KNOW this is a little thing) that the table sitting against the wall just inside the front doors was pushed to the side so that it was not centered under the mirror above it. Most people would not notice this, and most people who would notice it, would not care, but it was a sloppy first impression to me and not in line with what I have come to expect with Marriott. The hand railings and the interior doors were in need of paint, and again just surprising to see in a JW Resort. Our room was small and did not have the big nice bathroom that you see pictured on the internet. The room did have a very small balcony, which overlooked the main street. I noticed that the room charge listed on our room key holder was more than what the reservationist had told me and more than what was listed online, so I tried to call the front desk. Nobody answered the first two times I tried to call, and finally someone picked up the phone after many rings during my third attempt. They verified that my room was going to be at a higher rate and I explained that I was not impressed with my room or with the service so far and decided to check out. When I went to the front desk, the gentleman at the front desk told me that it was our fault that we got that room because we &quot;insisted on checking in before a nicer room was available.&quot; (I am NOT kidding.)We stayed at a very nice suite at the Venetian - the room was much bigger, the bathroom was much nicer, the bed was incredible, there were three TVs and curtains that closed with the touch of the remote. We were very pleased with our decision to leave the JW.The hotel would be nice for an older couple (we are in our 40's) who wants to play golf and who does not like Vegas. If you want more of what Vegas has to offer - luxury hotels, action, lights, night life, great pools, spectacular spas, etc - the luxury hotels on the Strip have so much more to offer. The hotel just didn't have the crispnesss that you would expect to see, and seemed that it needed some repair. I found the service at the front desk to be horrible. If you stay, I would suggest staying in the main hotel rather than the tower in the back, which is where they tried to place us.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great Place to Stay	This is our 3rd time staying here on the way to/from our home and California. The rooms are beautiful and big. It even has a walk-in closet. The bathroom is amazing! We were told that the pool closed at 8:00 pm on a Saturday night. Way too early!!! We checked-in around 4:00 and our family quickly went out to the pool. We enjoyed about 5 minutes and then within the next few minutes there were way over 100 cheerleaders in the pool. We had to leave because it was taken over by screaming girls. We were extremely surprised and disappointed that a JW Marriot would allow groups of kids to stay in this hotel. They must be desperate for business in the hot summer months. Also, when we made the reservation we asked for a roll-away. When we checked in we were told that there weren't any available and we could be put on a waiting list. We called back later and still no rollaway. After a third call suddenly they found one. We ate at the Rampart Buffet ($13/ person) and it was AWFUL! Even our teenagers didn't want to eat anything.	
Jul 22 2009 	Better than I thought it would be...	I booked this room for a last minute weekend get away. We got a great room on the top floor with great views of the mountains and the strip in the distance. The place we very clean with staff that made you feel comfortable. Complimentary valet parking is fantastic. The hotel offers free shuttle service to the strip which was great. There were a good variety of restaurants, though I wish I would have known about breakfast in the hotel restaurant &quot;ceres&quot; before my last day there because it was great...i highly recommend it. All in all it is a great deal for the money and it was very nice to be off the strip but still be close enough to make a quick day trip.	
Jul 10 2009	Wonderful place to stay!	If you don't mind being 15 min. off the Strip, this place, tucked away in northwest Las Vegas, is wonderful, makes you feel like you're not even in Las Vegas!Stayed with softball team. When I heard &quot;Marriott&quot;, I expected a very basic hotel. &quot;JW Marriott&quot; must be the upscale tier of Marriott properties. As we drove in, the 2 towers looked lovely &amp; fancy. Free valet parking for guests! (excluding valet tip). I recommend this because the hotel grounds are huge &amp; regular guest parking is a bit of a walk from the lobby.Our room had 2 queens &amp; was very spacious. Nice-sized walk-in closet. Best thing: the bathroom! Granite vanity with 2 sinks, big spa tub, separate shower &amp; separate toilet. Plenty of room for 2 or more to get ready in. Brightly lit.One bad thing about the room: Instead of having a small fridge, they have what they call a tiny &quot;cooler&quot;, which is not cold; you can't store food in it overnight. I hope this isn't a trend ... sports teams need a cold fridge!Beds were amazingly comfy. Plenty of comfy pillows. Free wireless Internet.Inside, between the 2 towers, were several restaurants, Starbucks, casino, gym, spa. There's 1 24-hour cafe. Food is decent, but service is very slow. Restaurants are Italian, Japanese, Mexican, etc. Japanese one was unimpressive &amp; over-priced. Gym &amp; spa charge expensive fee per use. Staff was friendly &amp; helpful. One bad thing: there are people at the front desk in the main (Spa) tower, but not in the 2nd tower. You can't go to anyone to ask for help, you have to call the main tower.Our team rate was $129 per night. I would definitely stay again! It felt like a luxury hotel. You felt like you were away!	
Jun 11 2009 	jw was great	we spent 4 days at the jw marriott in las vegas. the hotel room was really great, big, and the bathroom was all you would want and more. we did make what i consider a find as far as a place to eat. there is an irish pubb at the jw named wooloughan's that has wonderful comfort food at reasonable prices. we had a waitress named dorie who made us feel so much at home that we came back again and again. we were given an extended balcony room, which i would recommend. i think most rooms did not have a balcony, but french doors that opened to a railing. the pool was nice, but i did hear someone ask another person where she lived, and she said right down the road and would be back with her kids the next day. i guess locals can come and use pool when ever they want. other than that, would recommend hotel.	
Jun 11 2009	Loved it	Being one of the best cities in the US, i especially chose to stay in the best hotel !!It was a marvelous experience, a breath taking one.The rooms were spacious and well lit.the room overlooked the city and by night it looked gorgeous.the staff was always smiling and this made my stay even more memorable.	
Jun 2 2009 	Everything was Great	Huge rooms, big shower, whirlpool tub, quiet location, excellent service. I liked being away from the Strip, but still not too far from the airport. All staff members were friendly and attentive, but not intrusive. Great restaurants on site; lots of choices. Highly satisfied.	
May 27 2009 	Fabulous...	The hotel is beautiful! All of the staff was extremely helpful when we arrived. Upon check in we found out that we had been upgraded to a jr suite. What a surprise. The room was spotless with a nice view of the courtyard. My only complaint was at the pool. The pool itself is very nice, but there seemed to be a lot of people there that weren't actually guests at the hotel. You could tell by the large backpacks they brought in with clothes and their own beer supply. Other than that our stay was wonderful.	
May 19 2009 	Excellent Location If You Want To Stay Off The Strip	Nice resort hotel about 25 minutes from the Vegas strip. Very comfortable rooms. Ours had a patio with two Chase lounge chairs. The property is huge and is for the most part self contained as many Vegas properties are. Great golf close by.I though the food service was very good with a nice variety of restaurants to choose from. This is not your serious gamblers destination.	
May 15 2009 	The perfect place to escape the Strip	We figured that after a few days along the Strip we would want a break and we were right! The Marriott was the perfect place to stay!Pros:-incredibly clean-very spacious rooms-the staff helped us with everything we needed-the pool area is perfect with lots of available chairs no matter what time you show up, great food and drink service and comfortable loungers-lots of great food options - 2 people can enjoy the buffet for $20, Ceres has a three course options for $20 and a few other reasonable restaurants on site-only a $40 cab ride from the strip or airport and they have a free shuttle to the strip several times a dayCons-the pool closes early (but that seems normal for Vegas)-the casino is okay, lots of tables and slot machines available but it's pretty smoky and there is not alot of selection when it comes to slotsDefinitely a good value and a great way to finish off our trip!	
May 4 2009 	Great pool nice off-strip location kid friendly	The nice thing about this hotel is you don't have to feel like you are staying in a casino. The gaming area is attached to the hotel, but you don't have to walk through it each time you exit you room. A great place for kids with a huge pool, nice lawns and a decent breakfast. A quick drive to the stip and great golf courses and restaurants nearby. Also, don't miss the Red Rock Canyon park -- a 10 minute drive from the hotel gets you to fantastic hikes and intersting desert scenery.	
Apr 7 2009 	The one thing that could have made my stay at the JW Las Vegas perfect is...	its location!Upon arriving at the hotel, you are greeted by complimentary valet service. At the front desk, at check-in, you are treated like a VIP (the complimentary bottled water is a very nice touch.) Our room was immaculate, as well. (and the bathroom, I felt like we were in a luxury suite!!) Very luxurious, quiet, and comfortable. We ordered room service a few times, and it always came on time and the food was awesome!So what's wrong with this hotel?? Its location about 15 minutes away from the strip (by highway) is a BIG drawback. We were in Las Vegas for a concert at the Hard Rock Hotel and had we realized how far of a drive it would be, we would probably have preferred to stay at the Strip instead. Now, I realize that the location of the hotel is something that cannot be changed, so this is the advice that I would offer. IF you are looking for a one night stay in Las Vegas, will not be visiting the strip, and plan on staying inside the hotel the entire time, then this is your place. There is virtually NO nightlife in the surrounding area as it is located in your typical suburban district.If you are planning on visiting the strip, do yourself a favor, stay on the strip!!I'd definitely stay here again though, but only if on a quick one night stay in Las Vegas.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great Place to stay great swimming pool definitely will return	It's not on the strip you need 10 minutes by car to reach LV blvd therefore location it's convenient and it's worth staying there such a greta swimming pool	
Feb 15 2009 	Very nice could be tidier	I chose to stay at this property for an overnight Valentine's getaway. I am very familiar with it , and received a terrific &quot;locals' rate&quot; when I booked. We checked in late in the evening; still the front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. Even a random bellhop we encountered in the elevator told us to have a nice visit.We were very impressed with the room at first glance: It was incredibly spacious, on the sixth (top) floor with a small balcony overlooking, well, essentially nothing, but it was a nice amenity anyway. A small mirrored bar area with a coffee maker was also featured, as was a walk-in closet with a wall safe. The bathroom is gigantic with a &quot;rain head&quot; shower (as well as a regular shower head) featuring a tiled seating area, a large jacuzzi tub, a speaker in the ceiling that allows you to hear programming from the TV in the guest room, plenty of lighting, a lighted makeup mirror, a laundry basket for towels, and an old-school telephone in the water closet. The negatives: Things could have been a bit cleaner. The vent in the water closet was visibly clogged with dust. One of the two faucets at the sink had a hole in it which shot water toward the bathroom mirror and all over the counter when it was turned on. The &quot;rain head&quot; shower head -- even when not being used -- dripped a good amount of water on you whenever the regular shower head was turned on -- rather annoying. There was visible dirt and a couple of black hairs in the bathtub, as well as a large spot of dried urine on the floor in front of the toilet. The bottle of hand lotion provided was only half full, indicating that it had not been switched out following the previous guest. There were not nearly enough towels in the bathroom (only two of each size and a bathmat). And while the bed itself was comfy, the small pillows were not and ruined what might otherwise have been a terrific sleep. The TV is a little outdated and the remote difficult to maneuver in a darkened room. Also, the ceiling fan was very noisy -- so much so we could not turn it on when we went to bed for fear it would keep us up all night. Had drinks and dessert in the Irish pub downstairs -- both were terrific. The house band, The Wild Celts, were performing and made things a lot of fun. Overall, a great stay. Just a few minor quibbles. But we are looking forward to returning for another visit in the future.	
Feb 8 2009 	Well worth staying.	We made our first trip to Vegas for my husband to attend a conference at the Marriott. This is a very nice hotel - beautiful large bathroom and comfy bed. They could update the TVs and toiletries, but we got a great rate due to business travel. The Irish pub in the hotel has a wonderful happy hour on weekdays, and the appetizers are terrific. If you have a car or are willing to taxi, Lindo Michoacan is delicious Mexican not 6 miles away. This hotel is in Summerlin, quite a distance from the strip. They do provide a shuttle to Fashion Show Mall, and you can then walk, or take a bus up and down the strip ($7 for 24 hours).	
Jan 27 2009 	I Love the JW	When I travel to Vegas I usually stay here. As a matter of fact, whenever I take someone there for the first time...they always go back!!! I was a guest most recently for NYE and once again it was a wonderful stay. The rooms are huge, the hotel always honors my requests and it keeps me coming back. It is off strip and is very quiet. This is the type of property that I prefer. I think that it is very soothing to return to my quiet room after a day on the noisy strip. I will be returning this June to have a spa weekend with some girlfriends. If there is any complaint about the property I would say that it is the $25 fee to use the spa fitness center. Other than that I have none.	
Jan 16 2009 	Resort and Golf	We stayed at the JW Marriott on a buisness/retreat visit. I was concerned that the hotel wouldn't work for casual business meetings but we had no problems. Big, well layed out rooms, excellent but not over the top restaurant, and great golf. This place is just about perfect for business/golf outings. I can't comment on the spa but other people thought it was very good.	
Jan 10 2009 	Solid hotel short drive to the strip	This was our second visit to the JW Las Vegas. We paid about $250 per night for suite that was very large with sitting room and full master suite and an additional powder room. The hotel works for us as it is not on the strip and just over 10 minute drive to the strip, we just park at one of the hotels and take it from there.There is no smell of smoke in the the spa tower where we stayed which is not the tower over the casino.The room was fine but showing its age just a bit since we were here 5 years ago. Still very nice and large but a bit sterile. Temps were in the 30s at night and the whole place was quite cold including our room. We needed to keep the thermostates at 90 just to get it to the 72 and that was right under the heat vent. Over by the windows it was very cold. Also no flat screens and pretty lame picture quality. It is time to upgrade the TVs here guys.Everyone we encoutered was friendly and professional and more than pleased to assist us with any request. We found only one bathrobe and few other minor items in need on arrival and everyone responded quickly and in a very friendly manner.The room service breakfast food was ok but a bit greasy, this changed on our third day, maybe a new crew. I asked for a paper on Sunday am and a bellman brought it to the room in minutes. This is a great spot to base your Las Vegas experience if you don't want to stay on the strip and want a solid hotel with professional staff.	
Jan 1 2009 	Nicer than Strip Hotels but too far from Las Vegas Blvd	While visiting family in Las Vegas, my boyfriend decided that we would try something a little further than the strip as opposed to other years where we usually stay at Bellagio, Venetian, MGM. Our room was defintely more aesthetically pleasing and more elegant than our relatives rooms at the Bellagio and New York-New York. The bathroom was HUGE with a jacuzzi tub, amazing shower and the bed was soooooo comfortable! The room also was very nicely decorated(which may or may not affect others when choosing a resort). We also opted for prepaying Breakfast Buffet for 2 every morning and it was definitely worth it! Although breakfast buffet closes as 11am(which is hard to make if you party all night) the food is very good and the prepay price is way cheaper than it would be paying at the time of order!HERE ARE MY COMPLAINTS:All travel websites state that High-Speed Internet Access is Free and it is not. It is $9.99/day. They pitch you at the front desk to purchase a &quot;Resort Fee Package&quot; which includes 1 bucket of golf balls per day, Internet , and one pass/person to the fitness center and spa; all for $25/day. Also, if you plan on spending time on the strip and getting home late this hotel is about 12 miles driving distance from the strip and traffic from the hotel to the strip is horrendous! It states that the hotel is only 5 miles from the strip which may be true distance wise but driving there is 12.2 miles on the freeway and you're stuck in traffic most of the time(aside from the hours of 12pm and 7am).All in all it is a nice hotel but next year we will be staying on the strip so it is more convenient. If you aren't planning on visiting the strip very often then I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Dec 22 2008 	Pampered for Pennies	I LOVED my stay at the Las Vegas JW!!! I could not believe how big the standard room was. There was so much room I almost felt like they wasted space - but I'm not complaining. The bathroom was so luxurious. We used the whirlpool tub every day we were there. PROS: - Huge room- Awesome shower and whirlpool tub- Very classy common areas and beautiful landscape- Nice view of the mountains- Restaurant Row (connected to the resort) had a variety of different types of food - American cafe, Starbucks, Japanese like Benihana, buffet, Irish pub, Italian, as well as the hotel's standard restaurant Ceres - we ate at the Promenade Cafe which had the standard coffee shop type of menu and all three times we went the food was superb. We also ate at the Japanese restaurant and it was good. Each morning we had breakfast at the Ceres restaurant. The buffet was standard. I've had better. We decided to order off the menu for breakfast and both dishes were wonderful. - Nice sized casino - We're not gamblers so I didn't choose this hotel for the casino scene, but it was a nice size. I actually won $50 at blackjack. It was nice to see $5 tables on a weekend night. In the past, the other hotels on the strip only seemed to offer $25 minimum tables.- The pool was closed for the season, but I would definitely come back to try out the pool.- Clean and classy - Overall good service from everyone we metCONS: I can't really think of any cons except that maybe the towels and pillows didn't smell fresh, but I understand some people don't like a scent in their pillows. Not a big deal at all and not a real complaint. We weren't interested in going to the Strip, but it didn't seem that far to me, especially if you have your own car. I thought the location was perfect. Overall, a wonderful stay and we will be going back soon!	
Dec 6 2008 	Loved JW	We stayed at JW Marriott for 3 nights while in Vegas and loved every minute of our stay. While the hotel was off strip they had shuttles available although we used our hire car. The first thing we noticed about the hotel was the huge, beautiful rooms. We got a one bedroom suite that had a lounge, dining, kithcenette, large main bedroom with spa ensuite as well as a powder room. The second thing we noticed was the fantastic service. The girl at reception called our room when we arrived to make sure we found it o.k., then called again to make sure we got our two rollaway beds. We got room service twice after two big days and there were no complaints there. The casino was good but hubby was disappointed that they didn't have Texas Hold'em Poker. The kids absolutely loved the pool and waterfall. The hotel was close (about 20 minute drive) to the strip, outlet stores and Boulder City airport for our Grand Canyon helicopter flight. Beautiful hotel with fabulous service and no more expensive than onstrip hotels. Would definately stay again.	
Nov 18 2008 	it was really great	this isa very nice well kept hotel the grounds and gardens are outstanding we really enjoyed our stay there .if you are looking for all the excitement of the strip, this is not the hotel for you . it is about a $50.00 cab ride into the strip .	
Nov 13 2008 	Hotel is not what it could be or should be.	My wife attended a conference at the JW Marriott. I joined her there for a few days. Overall, my experience was &quot;mixed&quot;. I would not recommend it.The hotel made a good first impression. Lovely grounds, very nice lobby area, pleasant check-in staff, and spacious well-appointed room &amp; bath.The longer I was there, the more that little things began to nag at me. A dirty, used wine glass that sat on a table by the elevator for more than 24 hours. The slow kitchen in the cafe. The cigarette smoke anywhere near the casino (which includes several of the restaurants). The cafe hostess who grunts and scowls at everyone she seats. The unsmiling housekeeping staff. The know-it-all jerk who drove me back to the airport on the hotel shuttle.All in all, I think the issue must be the hotel management. The staff itself is mostly very pleasant and tries to give good service. But it's apparent that each staff member is doing what they think best, on their own initiative, with little structure or guidance from above. There's very little CONSISTENCY to the service. It's as if someone with experience managing a high-end resort wrote a manual and gave it to someone with no experience, then walked away. Even with the best of intentions, the inexperienced person will not be able to do well without some coaching.The hotel is quite some distance from the Strip. We were able to &quot;make do&quot; with the free hotel shuttle, but its schedule was limited and we needed to supplement it with some expensive cab rides ($50 or so, one-way). Overall, I wouldn't recommend staying at this hotel without a car of your own.The pool is spacious and beautiful. The poolside cafe was open on the weekend, but closed on weekdays (I assume this is a seasonal schedule).The concierge staff are very very good. They were able to help my wife and me with several recommendations and bookings.We ate at several of the onsite restaurants. The Promenade Cafe is adequate for breakfast, but very very smoky, since it overlooks the casino area. The Irish pub is okay. The nice Italian restaurant isn't so nice. The Waterside Cafe (poolside) is good when it is open. Ceres Restaurant is very good, both for dinner and for breakfast. The Rampart Buffet is adequate, especially for the large number of retirees using their casino membership cards for a discount. The Japanese restaurant looks nice, but we didn't have an opportunity to try it.The casino doesn't seem to under the same management as the hotel (maybe that's just my imagination). It caters to the locals, not the tourists. Small, smoky, filled with retirees.Overall, I just don't think the hotel is one of Marriott's best. I'm not really sure that I'd even call it one of Marriott's good ones.	
Nov 13 2008 	Nice Stay for Business Trip	I stayed in the hotel in the Palm Tower to 2 nights. I did not smell cigarette smoke anywhere in Palm Tower, but the Casino was a little smoky. I actually enjoyed the casino because I am not much of a gambler and the people working the tables were more than happy to guide me along and teach me some things. Also the minimum bets are lower than you find on the strip.The room was nice, but the TV was old. I am surprised they have not upgraded them yet. Also as a FYI, the best way to get from the airport to the JW Marriott is to take a hired car from the airport. It was $45 when I was there. People who took cabs spent anywhere from $50 to $65.The only reason I stayed here was because it was a business trip. If I was on a personal vacation, I would stay somewhere on the strip.	
Nov 7 2008 	If this is Marriott's best - keep looking	This is the place to skip when going to Vegas. They should rip the &quot;JW&quot; off the building as this place is barely a Marriott in terms of quality.I'll start with the grounds - they happen to be nice. And the staff was very friendly.The rooms were a contrast in good and bad. I'll start with the good:-Great bathrooms, including jacuzzi tub and dual sinks.-Comfortable beds.-Breakfast buffet at Ceres - not a huge selection, but high quality.Now the bad:-The dirty, used bathrobe hanging in my room when I arrived (wonder what else wasn't cleaned?).-If you ask for a foam pillow, you'll be sleeping on a lumpy log.-The tv's suck. They're the old, monstrous 32&quot; tube tv's (haven't heard of flat panels I suppose) and depending on the station, you may very well get humming sounds and ghosted images. This was a problem mostly with the broadcast networks. The signal's been split way too many times.-The work area is atrocious for a conference hotel. I had to crawl under the old desk to plug in my laptop. The desk and chair were not ergodynamic and actually incredibly uncomfortable to work at for any stretch.-The &quot;free&quot; gym may have been the worst hotel gym I have ever seen. I walked in an walked right out again. The spa gym, which is an astounding $25/day to use, was much nicer, but with low-end cardio machines and deflated workout balls (they couldn't find the pump). The individual tv's had the same problems with many of the broadcast networks.-The casino was terrible. At all hours of the day, this disgustingly smoky room was filled with old people who parked their walkers next to the slots and puffed away while gambling the social security check. It really looked like death's waiting room.Now, when I spoke to the front desk, they were very nice (really, all the staff was great) they comped the gym for me and gave me some points for my troubles, but this is one property I won't be visiting again.Overall, this place is to be skipped since there are so many other, and much better, options in Vegas.	
Nov 6 2008 	Nice hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Marriott during a recent trip to Vegas . We wanted to stay off the strip for a change but also play some golf and the location was ideal. The hotel and casino are close to each other but virtually separate and it is possible to use most of the facilities without going through the casino unlike most other hotels in Vegas.The pool area is excellent and Ceres Resaurant ok.Main downside is transport intop Vegas if you don't want to drive - it is quite a way out and a taxi fare is quite pricey. There is a shuttle bus however which goes at fixed times and takes you into the Strip for nothing .Several golf courses nearby - quite expensive by UK standards - we played at Badlands.	
Oct 23 2008 	Nice low-key non-glitzy hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a rock climbing vacation in October. The hotel is an easy (10 minute) drive from Red Rock Canyon.We had originally wanted to stay at the Red Rock Resort (&quot;RRR&quot;), but it was booked up for some of our days. Last time we were here, we stayed at the RRR, which was fabulous.The Marriott is very pleasant, in a low-key way, but it is definitely not as posh and glitzy as RRR. If you want to stay someplace more &quot;Vegas&quot; - beautiful people, sumptuous interior, clubs, glitzy casino, etc., stay at RRR.The Marriott had great service, a very low key environment (didn't feel underdressed walking around in shorts), and good food at the restaurants. It is undoubtably a comfortable hotel...just not glamourous. I had a spa treatment at the Marriott's spa, which was great. The spa, like the rest of the hotel, is very nice and relaxing...but not exactly &quot;sumptuous&quot; or &quot;glamourous&quot; like RRR.The casino at the Marriott was, frankly, depressing. Like visiting a nursing home. I did not play anything in the casino, but had to walk through it to get from one side of the hotel to the other. It is smoky, dull, and I didn't see anyone under the age of (it appeared) 75 in there. Worse of all, no one was smiling....they seemed catatonic. Then again, if you are going to gamble, you'll be staying in downtown Vegas anyway.I originally had the room reserved for $250 a night, but called back a few days before we arrived and got a deal of $220 a night plus breakfast. The breakfast buffet was very good, and would have costs $30 for the two of us had it not been included.In short, I would recommend the Marriott as a nice place to stay, especially for golfers or for those wanting to explore Red Rock Canyon...but it is not as glamourous or post as the Red Rock Resort.	
Oct 22 2008 	Wonderful Place to Celebrate Your Annivesary!	Fantastic Stay with Great Service! We have traveled to Las Vegas to celebrate my husbands birthday and our wedding anniversary for the last 7 years. This was our 3rd stay at the JW during that time and we have decided that all of our future Vegas stays will be here. The staff was and has been the best we have encountered during any of our stays in Vegas. We have stayed at the Signature at MGM, Mirage, The Hotel at Mandalay Bay, and the Venetian which were all nice, but the space and staff can not compare to JW Marriott. The staff and management were very attentive and greeted us by our names when we saw them (special thank you for treating us royally to the Front Desk staff and Valet at the Palms Tower). It was wonderful to start the day sitting on our suite's balcony and eating breakfast while overlooking a great view of the strip and Red Rock Canyon. While the accommodation are due for a renovation (no flat screen TVs yet and its time to update the furniture), everything was lovely.We also ate the breakfast buffet at Ceres which was very nice (we had a great waitress from Chicago who kept us smiling and laughing during our visits). Again, I highly recommend this location for couples seeking some quiet time together and who dont mind the 15 minute drive to the strip. Its well worth the drive. Thank you again from the Jordans from Virginia!	
Oct 20 2008 	Don't waste your money!	I attended a pharmaceutical investigators meeting this past weekend (October 2008) at the JW Marriott Resort and Spa . SOME COMMENTS:* Entire resort smelled of smoke. * Do Not stay if you have allergies. Smoke was enough to make you sick. * In order to use the spa, you must enter into the smoke infested Casino. * All floors smelled of smoke. * VERY FAR from the Las Vegas Strip. Average cost was $60.00.* Shuttle to the Las Vegas STrip ended at 11:30 p.m.* Shuttle Rider just dropped guest off with no information. Ended up on the &quot;Ghetto&quot; end of the Strip. * Outside jacuzzi was often closed due to multiple outdoor weddings. * Spa OVER PRICED.	
Oct 20 2008 	just okay	I stayed here for one night and found the experience to be just okay. The hotel was horribly understaffed; it took forever to get the front desk to answer the phone, 10 minutes for the valet to retrieve the car , and there was absolutely no one to be found by the pool for help with towels.The hotel has good bones that speak to the resort it was before it became part of Marriott. My room was very large and comfortable, but the juxtaposition between the original details (crown moulding and the ceiling fan) and the new details (hideous beige vinyl wallpaper) tells me that despite the lovely surroundings, it is still a Marriott.Also, the casino is quite tired.	
Oct 15 2008 	Our new Las Vegas Destination	My wife and I stayed at the Marriott for two nights in late September. Whoever designed the rooms at this hotel knew what travelers today want most  plenty of space. As other reviewers have noted, the bedrooms and bathrooms here are extremely spacious and we loved it. We didnt want the hustle and bustle of the Strip and enjoyed the solitude afforded by the Marriott. Our one visit to the Strip was only a 15-20 minute drive however. We didnt have time to take advantage of the many facilities here but perhaps will do so on our next visit because we promised ourselves we would be back. In fact, I believe we have found our permanent Las Vegas retreat !	
Oct 12 2008 	Amazing Room Gross Casino	Hubby &amp; I just got back from a night at the JW Marriott. We booked it through Expedia for a decent rate. The hotel itself is large, and is connected to a casino. We LOVED the room, especially the bathroom; both were suprisingly large, and the bathroom was fabulous - giant jacuzzi tub (big enough for two!) and shower. (The room and bathroom could've both benefited by flat screen TVs, though.) The hotel's grounds were nice, but not spectacular. The casino connected to the hotel was an obvious favorite of the &quot;retired&quot; crowd, and completely reeked of cigarette smoke (worse than any casino we visited during the weekend). The drive back and forth to the Strip got old after the third time, so if you're wanting to be a part of the action on the Strip, this might not be the place for you. Nonetheless, a nice hotel.	
Oct 12 2008 	A superb stay - treat	I was staying here as a Marriott platinum member on points for a 2 night stay in the middle of a trip around CA/Utah.Arrival was easy, self parking was simple, hotel looked lovely. Check-in went great, as a platinum member I was given a welcome that was very pleasant, with loads of freebies in my keypad (breakfast &amp; spa pass). I was also given a room with a view of the strip (as requested prior to check-in). The room was superb, French windows, huge wide screen TV (It wasn't a flat screen note, but, it was big and in a TV cabinet. Lovely king sized bed (as with all Marriotts very comfy) and sizable room. But - the best was the bathroom.... we had a walk-in shower, toilet with a separate door and... a Jacuzzi bath! Won us over instantly and we definitely enjoyed our time there. First night we didn't feel like going to Vegas and ate at the Irish bar on site and had a small play in the connected Casino. The bar was very nice - we had good food (great steak!), good service and even a Guinness. Also had a small play in the Casino which was fun, but, nothing like in the centre of Vegas - mainly filled with older travellers.For breakfast both days we ate at the 'Ceres' restaurant - breakfast was very tasty with an omelette chef and good service. A good selection and nice views of the grounds outside. Speaking of the grounds - again very pleasant, we probably only saw a small portion of them, sitting by the pool drinking and swimming in it - all very enjoyable. Only minor quibble here was that the service there wasn't so great - we had to get our own drinks most of the time (and removed the tip from the server who didn't come to collect the bill or ask us if we wanted more drinks for over 1.5 hours!). But, we enjoyed sunbathing - then it was time for 'Vegas baby'Got the free shuttle to the strip (runs about every 2 hours), though we did tip the driver (seemed to be a standard to tip around $5/person each way, so not entirely free - though it is optional!), saw Vegas and returned to the hotel.Overall had a superb time, when we come back to Vegas we'll stay here again - its great to be off strip, but, still be able to get into the centre easily. The hotel was lovely, staff really great (ignoring the pool!) and our room was great.To say about what other reviewers mentioned... our air conditioner was silent (though we did have to shut the French windows to run it which was mentioned in our welcome notes).	
Oct 8 2008 	Heaven at the JW Marriott	This is a top-notch hotel off the Strip, yet within easy reach of the Strip and surrounding businesses. Although I rated this an &quot;excellent&quot; stay, I do have some quibbles. Pulling up to the hotel, we learned from a bellman that we had to backtrack to another building for check-in. No big deal, but maybe this could have been handled by the concierge on her phone. Kudos to the bellhop team - those folks were great.Our room was really beautiful, with a lovely view of the eastern horizon. I had no problem with the lack of a flat-screen TV (perhaps there was one?) as these are hugely &quot;anti-green&quot; devices and still only show you the same shows you'd get on any other TV. Housekeeping was outstanding, making no fuss about our bikes being in room. The bathroom was beautiful and beautifully kept. The beds were dressed with soft linens and a plush mattress top. We slept very well!One problem was the noise of the air conditioner. We called for help with this, but the handyman who arrived was only able to tell us how to use it, not how to fix it (it was quite loud). We solved the problem by just leaving it off, which is probably not an option for guests during the summer months.We ate at Shizen - wow! So yummy! We also ate at an in-hotel cafe, which was good food-wise, but bad cigarette-smoke-from-the-casino-wise. We ate at Ceres, and the food was excellent both times, and at brunch, creative while still offering the old standbys. Service was quite good.I agree with another reviewer who found the lack of Wi-Fi annoying. With this quality of hotel and the availability of this service at other accommodations, JW should just make it happen. A boon to all and a plus for visitors - and for the hotel.One caveat: you are about a half hour from the Strip. But that's the beauty of this place.	
Oct 8 2008 	Beautiful Room	When we arrived I was supprised to find that the hotel was much bigger than it seemed on the website. We had chosen to stay there for our first few days in Vegas, away from the Strip. However it was a little more like the strip hotels than I had imagined - the hotel is set around a large casino. Having said that the room was amazing and the bathroom was bigger than my bedroom at home!	
Sep 29 2008 	Liked it but didnt love it	This hotel has glowing reviews, and for the most part well deserved.I had a recent 4 night stay here and although I liked it, I didnt love it. There are several reasons this hotel falls short.I made reservations through a travel agent well in advance, to celebrate a very special anniversary Upon check in, we were rushed off to a no view room, right next the elevators. So if you check into this hotel make sure you dont receive a room near the elevators or you will hear a rumbling noise all night long.Another problem was the Spa. Do not pay extra to use the spa pools. This is a 25.00 charge.They claim in the brochure that there are six invigorating chambers of the outdoor Hydro-circuit pool&quot; Ummm well, only two were working. They need matience badly at the spa pool area. Things looked worn down and in need of repair. There is no pool service at the Spa pools, which is not too good as if you wanted a drink you had to wander into the locker roomsThe main pool was large and seemed to have many people enjoying themselves but a couple times time I attempted to relax by the pool it was close do to &quot;special events One time was a wedding, not sure about the other time, but was closed due to a special occasion, which left the majority of the guest without a pool area to enjoy.The Irish pub was nice and had wonderful fish and chips.Shizen the Japanese Steak House and Sushi Bar was out of this world, excellent service and food. Dont miss this.Breakfast buffet at Ceres in the hotel was very good, they have a nice omelet station, try the made to order waffles, excellent!!For some reason the hotel restaurants had a hard time accepting Marriott gift cards we received as gifts for our anniversary.They would say they cant accept since they are not owned by Marriott,,,but the front desk told another story and said they are accepted everywhere on the Marriott property,,,bottom line,,,BIG HASSLE...Marriott needs to get their stories straight and on the same page.Maid service was spotty at best, first two nights received room cleaning, last two nights, nothing, and they didnt show up.I happened to catch a maid in the hallway and asked why my room wasnt cleaned, and I got a &quot;no speak English&quot; response....ok whatever, moving onThey need to update the TV's...most hotels of this star rating has flat screens by now. The bed and the sheets were very comfortable. I happened to look at when the mattress was purchased and it was back in 1999, so maybe a refurbish would be a good idea sometime in the near future.At check out I brought up the problem of mold that was in our shower, they seemed surprised, not sure if they were surprised I brought it up, or it had mold. They made a note of it and said would have it checked out.As I said, this was our anniverery and several other reviews said they were sent, a bottle of champaign, strawberries and chocolates to their room..., no such luck here. Although my travel agent made sure to let the hotel know about the special anniversary celebration the hotel they seemed to just ignore it.The valet service was great; the guys very fast, helpful and friendly.The hotel seemed to do the bulk of their business with convention guests, and this is who they prefer to cater to, very little leisure guests and I can tell the business guest are number one here and treated so, vacationers are a after thought.As I said, I did like the hotel, but it fell short of my expectations.	
Sep 16 2008 	WOO HOO JW Marriott Las Vegas	My husband and I visit Las Vegas a few times per year. We own a timeshare on the strip (Marriott Grand Chateau). We planned this trip with our daughter and her boyfriend and traded another timeshare and were going to stay in a two bedroom off strip. Daughter and BF broke-up. I wasn't interested in staying off strip, so we traded again but had no where to stay our first night. We decided on the JW. We have stayed here for a week a few years prior and I previously ranked this as favorite hotel ever. Anyway...We arrive at 10 am. Visit with parents. Arrive at JW at 2 with a 4 check-in. We are told we are upgraded to a suite--- did I mention I paid with Marriott points and hotels basically get nothing for this...?Anyway, they also give us free breakfast at Ceres, which is wonderful -- BTW... and a pass to the spa, which is my fav for free--- SCORE!!!! I love the cold plunge, hot plunge, float pool, waterfall showers, outdoor private pool with six stations.So, we go to the fourth floor and are in 4100 --- walk out of elevator and dead in front of us is double doors --- 4100 suite---- sweet.We walk in and there is a foyer, a 1/2 bath, a mini kitchen, a huge dining and living area. A bedroom that could fit three king beds, a bathroom with watercloset with bidet, and toilet, lovely bath, and rain shower. Can you tell I am HAPPY!?! I was princess for a night.Thanks to Marriott and especially th JW for taking good care of your Platinum members.	
Sep 16 2008 	Oasis from the Strip	Absolutely wonderful stay. Rooms were very clean and both room and bathroom were huge- plenty of space. Good selection in resturants. Amenities were great- pool area was large, plenty of chairs.The Spa facilities were wonderful, and spa services were expensive but very professional and luxurious.It was great to head back there after a night or day at the Strip as it was very relaxing compared to the craziness of downtown.I had a car, so it was a quick 20-25 minute ride to the strip and because parking is free everywhere- having a car wasn't the headache it sometimes can be.	
Sep 10 2008 	Feels like a large conference hotel	Stayed here on our last night of tour of Arizona and booked due to reviews and fact it was off strip. It was fine but a bit disappointing after staying at MGM Signature at beginning of tour. Our room was fantastic, large and high spec but the air con was warm and when we complained to reception, maintenance rung and told us that whatever temp we set it to it went off when noone was in room (not sure what happens at night) and it was limited to not go below a certain temp, certainly not as low as we had set it to..they were able to override this and from then on we had no complaints. Window overlooked building site next door. Hotel was very very big and felt like a big conference hotel. We didnt like the look of the resturants and drove into Romano's Macaroni Grill off the strip which as usual was brilliant. Went in the pool which was fine although at the end of the day there was alot of rubbish and towels around the sunbeds such as tissues and cups which staff could have cleared away. Breakfast was inc and was very very good. Wouldn't stay again and would recommend MGM Signature for location, luxury, staff and value.	
Sep 9 2008 	Great for a Business Conference	I recently planned and held a business conference at this resort. The staff was phenomenal. Just excellent. Very well organized, helpful and on-top of all details. My only comment might be that they need to consider a way to offer wireless internet in the meeting area for attendees. Otherwise, the space, the AV, the food, EVERYTHING was top notch. I would HIGHLY recommend this property and staff for others planning a large or small conference.	
Sep 6 2008 	Love this resort	My husband I and I stayed at the JW Marriott off the strip in LasVegas for 4 nights over a holiday weekend. We loved it and would recommend it. It reminded us of a resort in Mexico. Here's our review: - Guest room  Great! Really large! We were in the Palm tower  must be the convention tower, but we saw no one around until the night before we left. We did not mind being a walk from the main building.- First floor patio - Relatively private (surrounding foliage) with lounge chairs, eating table and chairs. Much nicer than a room with a balcony.- Staff - Courteous staff. Average on a scale 1-10 (10 being highest)  we would give them an 8. Some were very nice, most were nice. Housekeeper Radmilla, very nice. Front bell staff  very nice. But - Crabby bartenders in the Irish pub!- Casino  nice size (didnt win, but had fun!)- Spa - Wonderful! The best experience I have ever had! Ask for Brian (Cucumber/Melon body scrub).- Healthclub  Big, fancy healthclub in the main tower free on the days you spa. $25 on the days you dont. Other option, go to the Palm tower to a small workout room for free. (we did one day of each) No real walking trails.- Pool  very nice, not crowded at all when we were there- Amenities  we asked for a refrigerator in our room so we could keep water, snacks. There is a VONS grocery store nearby.- Distance from the strip  about 20 minutes. Worked for us  we did a lot of other sightseeing.- Onsite restaurants  Buffet  okay. Look for coupons. Caf  okay. Use your casino points there to get a discount. Starbucks  good for coffee every morning.  What we did (beside the strip)- Liberace museum  Very kitschy, fun! Gotta see it!- Atomic Testing museum  kind of depressing, but complete historical info- Ethel M chocolates  worth it for the free samples! Yum.- Freemont street  make sure you see the light show at night- Red Rock  only 20 minutes from hotel- Red Rock casino  check it out. Pretty slick Where we ate- Noras wine bar  YUM! Near the hotel, about $20 ala carte dinners. The Farro e Cinghiale  (Braised wild boar) is wonderful! (1031 S Rampart Blvd)- Hennesseys - burgers and fries (Freemont Street)- Ricardos - a local favorite for Mexican food (4930 W Flamingo Rd)	
Sep 3 2008 	Nicest Hotel I have Ever Stayed At!	I am a Marriott employee, so I have had to luxury to travel to amazing destinations at a discounted rate. For the last two years I have created a grading system based upon the JW Marriott, Renaissance and Marriott's. Hands down, this is the nicest hotel that I have ever stayed at! It was truly amazing! The rooms were incredible with the jacuzzi style tubs, rain fall shower head, ceiling fan, french doors and private patio.	
Aug 31 2008 	Best in Vegas	We ( family with two children) stayed two nights in JW Marriott Las Vegas. The rooms are spacious, great hot tub in marble bathroom and a very helpfull staff. The children had a wonderfull time at the pool. Both nights we had dinner at the Japanese restaurant. They serve a wonderfull tepanyaki New York steak. Next time we stay here again.	
Aug 30 2008 	Wonderful!	Loved the room, shower, pool and the staff. Everything about this hotel is first class. WE recommend Rosemarys Restaurant in summerlin for great food, with quality that will rival spots on the strip. Stay here and just go into the strip off and on. Here you can get some r and r and some much welcome peace and ambience. Loved it!! Dont miss Cirque's Mystere and skip the trip to grand canyon west. TOO much nickel and diming and the views are not nearly as good as the north rim which requires an overnight. DO GO to the nine mile loop at nearby RED ROCK Canyon. Georgeous!!	
Aug 26 2008 	Very nice!	Won an auction at SkyAuction.com and so got a preferred/reduced rate. This was the second time we've stayed there. First time was two years before. Just as good as the first time! Pretty laid back and much less crowded, esp. as compared to strip hotels. You really need a car as the complimentary van to the strip is limited by capacity and times. It's only 9-10 miles but takes 20-30 minutes, depending on where you're going on the strip and the time of day. The hotel is clean (we look under the mattress) with good service. There are 4-5 restaurants, including a Vegas-style buffet that's OK but not great (desserts need help). Casino is nice but lavish. All in all, it's a good, relaxing hotel.	
Aug 26 2008 	Nice place to relax	We stayed here after a long flight from Europe. It is a very nice hotel with nice rooms. Check-in went fast.The pool is nice and big and there was even a movie showing that evening at the pool.If you need a nice place to stay in Vegas after a long flight without the hectic stuff of the strip. Go for it!	
Aug 25 2008 	Very Nice	Very large rooms with excellent tub and separate shower (rain). The breakfast buffet for about 13 a person is really great. The swimming pool with a waterfall is nice. My wife can't stop complementing the Spa, she says it's great! The only drawback is the fact that you have to go through the middle of the Casino to get to some restaurants and or shops, other than that it's good.	
Aug 22 2008 	The best Hotel I've stayed at in years	I travel a lot on business and this family vacation featured 6 hotels of which the JW was by far the bestFirst of all - the rate, there are great deals in LV on the strip but you are crammed in with the masses and few facilities ( and the lines!) For the money the Marriott &quot;stay for Bkfst&quot; rate was unbelievable value - A great buffet breakfast and huge very comfortable rooms made for a great short vacationThe pool is huge and the kids could not get enough, you could spend all day there and not feel crowded or bored.The JW is 10-15mins from the strip with free transfers, it was quiet, friendly and provided great service.There is the obligatory on site casino but also a great value buffet restaurant, starbucks and more expensive options if necessary. Nearby there is a Cheesecake Factory and other options with Multiscreen cinema in the hotel next doorMy kids and wife loved their stay here, Compared to the other 20 or so hotels I've stayed this year i would rate this JW as the best overall value/location/facility/comfort/food I've stayedI hope they keep it up!	
Aug 7 2008 	Best Vacation Experience Ever	Our 3-day, 2-night stay at this resort was absolutely over the top. Everything was perfect, and I never say that. The staff was incredibly kind and accommodating; our 2-bedroom suite was beautifully appointed, elegant and impeccably clean. Every staff member from the front desk to the bellmen to the concierge to the valet were warm and welcoming. The poolside wait staff remembered our food and drink orders and even the names and interests of our children. On our last night there, my husband hurt his back and required a chiropractic visit. The concierge directed my husband towards a competent, local chiropractor and the manager allowed us to remain in the hotel beyond check-out time the following day to ensure my husband was able to travel. I always thought Bellagio or Mandalay Bay were the way to go when in Vegas, but I don't think we'll ever settle for the strip again. If you're looking for a true vacation in a remarkably beautiful setting, this is the place. We can't wait to go back!	
Aug 3 2008	Definitely a hotel worth the stay	Resort is written all over this hotel. What a gem in the Vegas area!The layout and landscaping gave the impression that this hotel could have been in Hawaii or Florida or Palm Desert.Many amenities on location and excellent staff to answer questions and attend to your needs.We would absolutely stay here again.	
Jul 31 2008 	Always a great Stay	This is about the 7th time I've stayed at this property and it's always great. The rooms are large and comfortable and the staff is always helpful. There were three of us checking in at the same time who were together and originally we were in two different towers but the desk clerk was able to juggle us around and get us in the same tower. That's not always a big deal, but at this hotel it is since it's a long walk across two corridors and through the casino to get between towers.During the day we rented a cabana and it was well worth the money. We got one of the large ones and it came with three tables and chairgs, and five lounges outside the cabana in an area that was private from the rest of the pool. Also the misters were a big plus in the 100 degree weather.The one negative for the hotel is that the casino is kind of lacking compared to the strip and even comparing it to the Red Rock. The good news is that the Red Rock is only about a 10 minute drive away, and you can get to the strip in about 20 minutes so if you want to be away from the craziness of the strip during the day this is a good option.The restaurant choices are fairly limited. There's a Japanese restaurant with Sushi that's pretty good, the standard Vegas coffee shop and one nicer restaurant called Ceres that has a pretty good breakfast buffet. If you want something nicer you'll have to drive.All in all, it's a great option for Vegas depending on your needs.	
Jul 29 2008 	Wonderful Hotel / You won't regret it	We stayed 4 days/3 nights at the J.W Marriot and was definitely impressed. I have never written a review before but I thought I had to give this hotel one. I initially booked the hotel to get away from the crowds along the strip. It was the best decision I made. We also attended my kids AAU Basketball tournament at the Cashman Center which was only 10 mins away. The strip was only 10min to 15 min away. It is conveniently located. The hotel was beautiful, not to mention the hotel grounds. The breakfast at the Ceres Restarant was great. I highly recommend it. I did not care for the lunch buffet at the Rampart Buffet Restaurant. Swimming pool was beautiful. It wasn't crowded at all. The kids loved it. I plan on coming back to this hotel at my kids next basketball tournament. Stay at the J.W. Marriot. You won't regret it.	
Jul 28 2008 	Amazing just wonderful	I was there for almost a week, attending a convention with 1200 other people. It simply blew my mind. I had never even conceived of such a magnificent hotel. The staff were friendly and very helpful. We were in a one bedroom suite, with 1.5 baths and there was more room then we knew what to do with! The only issue we had was that a fridge had been specifically requested, due to medical reasons. When we arrived the fridge was there in the room, in a little nook under the kitchen counter, but the plug didn't work so we couldn't get hte fridge to turn on! We had to drag it ouside the kitchen area to find a working plug. But it was really no big deal. I would definitely 100% return to this hotel. I went to the Strip my last night, and was glad the hotel was accessible but not right there admidst all the noise and lights.	
Jul 27 2008 	Awesome Luxury Resort	Incredible hotel! As all Marriotts(I think) it is non-smoking except in designated areas. We stayed for 5days/4 nights. You have to go at leat once just to check out the unbelievable marble bathroms. An oasis of calm and luxury in the desert. Only about 20-25 minutes to the strip this is the perfect resort to go to if you want a beautiful retreat not too far from all the action. The free shuttle service is friendly and the drivers had plentyof tips if you asked. Our room window opened to a beautiful waterfall and it drowned out the noise coming from the roadways nearby. Didn't care much to have to walk through the casino to get everywhere but once we discovered the outside paths it was much better. The spa facilities were first rate and the fruit/drnks available were a nice touch. Because we could not have the requested room, the friendly desk clerk upgraded our room at no charge and offered us complimentary breakfast for 3 mornings! The restaurant staff was so friendly that when we returned to LV a year later we went to the Marriott Resort in Summerlin just for the wonderful breakfast buffet at Ceres(restaurant). 2 waitresses recognized us and recalled our names. Now that's impressive. My beautiful wife and I highly recommend this very well kept resort.I'm not a golfer but the grounds I could see were impeccable. The views of Red Rock Canyon were breathtaking and we enjoyed walking on the upper terraces at sundown. Felt totally safe wether accompanied or alone	
Jul 17 2008	Great stay - highly recommended	We had a very pleasant 4 night stay at the JW Marriott Las Vegas Resort. We got a great rate as, like a previous reviewer, we kept checking the hotel rate in the three months between booking and staying. Rate fell by almost a third in that time, saving us nearly $200 for the four nights. We were upgraded to a lovely room with a balcony on the top floor in the Spa Tower overlooking the golf course and mountains, with Las Vegas just about viewable too - best of all worlds! Huge bathroom with separate shower, two sinks and large clothes closet in hall. Self-parking was free, no need for valet parking at the high rate charged. Internet worked fine but daily charge of $9.95 was applied. Staff were courteous and helpful at all times. Didn't take the shuttle bus as we had a car and the hotel was easily accessible to the Strip (15 minutes drive) but satellite navigation is very useful.	
Jul 12 2008 	Golf at the J.W.	Spent 3 nights at the end of June (second visit to hotel). Still think the bathrooms are the best part - huge &amp; luxurious.I wanted to mention specifically the golf available, particularly with reference to overseas guests who may not have brought their clubs. At present the hotel has negotiated a deal with the TPC Las Vegas &amp; Angel Park (courses next door) to provide club hire to guests free of charge. This is a significant saving. So pack your shoes, glove, and a few balls and you have all you need. Hopefully the hotel will set up a similar deal at Badlands soon (another excellent nearby course).It should be noted that to get this deal you must book the golf through the hotel's golf concierge. I tried to arrange direct with the TPC without success.Incidentally, I'd read a couple of poor reviews about the condition of the TPC, but we found it in good shape late June 08.Cottons.	
Jul 8 2008 	very nice but not memorable	We booked this vacation nearly 1 year in advance. We chose this location as we are fans of JW Marriott and we have had great experiences at our 2 visits to the Phoenix Desert Ridge JW Marriott resort. We thought it would be great to be off the Las Vegas strip but close enough. From the reviews at Trip Advisor I expected the JW Las Vegas to be at least as good as our experiences at the Phoenix resort. We chose June/July as we love the heat.The biggest advise I would give with regard to staying at any Marriott is to go back and check room prices frequently leading up to your stay. You can do this online quite easily. As I said, we booked this approximately 1 year in advance (July/August 2007). When I checked the room cost 4 months later (December 2007), it had dropped by nearly . We called and we were given the new, discounted rate. When youre talking about 7 nights at an upscale resort, which can be a significant amount. Again, I checked the room rate 2 weeks before we were scheduled to leave and it had dropped again to the tune of $150 for the week. We called and they gave us the new rate. Keeping on this saved approx. $1000 for the week.When booking we requested a balcony room upgrade as high up as possible. We also had them document that this was our 25th anniversary in the hopes that it would impact getting a better room at check-in. We waited until almost 4pm and our room was ready. It was a beautiful, very large King room. Did we get upgradedno. But we got a great balcony room on the top floor (6th) with a great view of Red Rock Canyon just like we requested. Mid-week the hotel sent up strawberries dipped in chocolate and champagne for our anniversary. Very nice touch.When we first arrived our room was not ready so we decided to take a walk through the resort. First impressions..the place was very nice but darker and more closed in that I expected. Nearly all the restaurants and lounges at the resort were either directly attached to the casino or you needed to walk through the casino to get to anything. Apparently a common practice in Vegas. Although the resort and restaurants in Vegas are non-smoking, the casinos are all smoking.cigars and cigarettes included. There are 2 main buildings (Towers). The Spa tower and the Palms tower. The Spa tower has only 1 restaurant in the lobby area (Ceres), which is where we spent most of our time. The food was decent and the drinks were good. What we liked most was the Ceres lounge area which has couches and over stuffed chairs. The lounge is full service and you can order off both the lounge menu and the restaurant menu. Very comfortable. The Palms tower was actually more nicely decorated, but there is little going on. If at the Palms tower, however, you have easy access to the Starbucks, Woolighans Irish Pub (greasy food), Speidini Italian restaurant (high quality food but lacking in flavor), a Shizen Japanese Steak House and the Rampart Buffet without having to go through the Casino. All the restaurants and lounges are operated by Marriott except the Casino, the Promenade caf (literally almost IN the casino  SMOKEY), and the Buffet. The Waterside Grill by the pool has a great Mai Tai and OK food. It closes early though. I believe around 6pm. I had read a lot on the shuttle at Trip Advisor. Some said too crowded and long waits, others said a long ride to the strip, and yet others said no problems. Our experience..no problem. The shuttle was never full. That said, we went in June/July, apparently the slow season.Our stay was from June 28  July 5. Based on what I had read, I was not expecting anything significant for the 4th of July. When we arrived, we asked the concierge at the hotel if July 4th was a big event in Vegas. She too stated that it was not. The 4th came and nearly all the hotels shot off fireworks. It was quite a display.When we made our plans to visit the Las Vegas JW, we knew we wanted to visit the Hoover Dam, Red Rock Canyon, and the Grand Canyon Skywalk. We did, therefore rent a car. I would not, however, recommend driving on the strip if you can help it. The traffic is unbelievable. That said, it is extremely easy to get around and through Vegas. The highway system is well designed and fairly easy to navigate. Just avoid the strip when driving if you can help it. Wall to wall cars, red light after red light, and crazy taxi drivers.We visited Hoover Dam. Amazing. We took a hike in red Rock canyon. Beautiful. Just remember to bring lots of water. Never made it to the Grand Canyon Skywalk  3 hour drive.A few other things to note: Nice pool but not the cleanest. We actually called to complain because there were tissues and a used Band-Aid in the pool for 2 days. They say there is a refrigerator in the room, but is actually a crisper and not cold enough to cool drinks or keep leftovers. The resort is still using big 32 inch tube TVs. I expected flat screens.Overall a nice resort. If we were to go back we would stay for less time and stay at the Bellagio, which is in my opinion the most spectacular and classy hotel on the strip.If youre thinking of vacationing in Arizona or Nevada, I would recommend the JW Marriot Desert Ridge in Phoenix which is far and away a nicer place than the Las Vegas JW Marriott.	
Jul 6 2008 	Awesome Spa	Great hotel away from the strip. The variety of restaurants was good, the food not totally memorable. The hotel is just up the street from some great restaurants. The room was huge with an awesome bathroom - jetted tub with separate shower complete with waterfall shower head and a seat. While the complimentary fitness room was not impressive, the spa was well worth the extra fee - it had every thing needed to get a great work out and the steam room, whirlpool, sauna and waterfall shower were great for relaxing. They should extend the spa hours.	
Jun 30 2008 	Relax in Vegas if you can.	So if you want to stay on the Strip in Las Vegas, this review is not for you. Nor is this resort for you as it is 20 minutes away by car west on the freeway.However if you want to relax at a nice resort without all the crowds and packs of hormone induced young and old adults, this may be one of the few places that probably rates highly for that. I say highly because this was my first time to Sin City.I actually used tripadvisor.com to help whittle down the choices I had to make and I'm happy with the selection.Now being there at the end of June does test one's resilience to heat, but that comes with the territory. The fairly lush grounds with many water features and one large pool minimizes the heat sink that a lot of hard surface paving would otherwise create.The JW Marriott Resort is in the town of Summerlin, just west of the City of Las Vegas and very easy to get to from the Strip and McCarran Airport via the freeways. Once on the freeway leaving the Strip, there is only one traffic light to encounter before driving onto the grounds so access is quick and easy.The Resort is a collection of two 6 story towers of over 600 hotel rooms and probably Marriott timeshare units. As we were there for only 3 nights, I didn't get a chance to take everything in. Nestled between the towers, there is the hotel entrance and lobby, the full service Aquae Sulis Spa, and fully equipped exercise facility, 6 on-site restaurants, meeting facilities and the outdoor amenities including a large 4' deep free form pool with water fall, several jacuzzis and private cabanas and tying it all together a network of landscaped water features and gardens.....all very nice. Poolside service seemed quite attentive. Of course, being in Nevada, there has to be a casino, the Rampart Casino. Nice thing though is the entrance lobby of the hotel has no signs of the casino nor any sounds of slots within earshot. The Casino is completely removed, but also not far away. I liked that. Not being a gambler, I cannot comment on this amenity.There is no grand architectural statement made by this hotel like you would find at the Strip or other out-lying resorts. Nor is the architecture of the resort going to turn any architectural eyes with the standard beige sandstone colored facades and Spanish tile roofs. However it is straight-ahead high quality, open resort planning with generous interior spaces and outdoor landscaping finished reasonably well.My wife and I had a standard single room on the top floor with a shallow balcony (about $200/night). The king bed was very nice and the overall appointments were not anything really special, but it was well designed. The bathroom was very large and generous with a shower (with wall and overhead shower heads) and two person jetted tub and separate stall for the watercloset. Granite counters and marble floors were nice. Marriott toiletries were provided. The room itself, while it had a lock-off door to the adjacent room, was solid and quiet.One thing of note, and I don't know if this is typical of most upper scale Vegas resorts as I know it doesn't happen in other desert places we have stayed in, but this JW Marriott treats the hotel room water to soften it (it's not hard water that I've usually found elsewhere in the desert). It's tastes very good, no chlorine flavor, and as is typical of soft water, feels like you've not rinsed off all the soap in the shower. HIgh marks for this.If you've read some of my other reviews, I like to fit in some exercise and with 100F temperatures, that wasn't going to include an outdoor run or hike so I had to resort to using the fitness centre. Very plush and visually impressive with all the treadmills and step and elliptical machines having their own TVs. Weight machines are all on a carpeted area and most machines are there. There's also a glassed in hardwood floor, exercise fitness studio floor where they run some classes, but I didn't see any while there. Locker room is very nice and there is complimentary fruit, juice and use of special treatment baths. There is also a dedicated outdoor pool and patio which looked very inviting. All this comes at a price however, which I found to be the downside and limiting me to only one use of the facility. As nice as it was, the $25 fee for a day pass was excessive, especially if one only uses the place to workout for an hour or two and then is outta there afterwards. One consolation is that if you get a Spa treatment, the fitness fee is waived that day. They should work on a lesser rate for those who just need to get the blood circulating.The large pool was nice with lots of deck chairs. We were out there by 9 each AM to beat the heat and there would only be few others out there too (late risers in Vegas). Lots of trees, grass and plants and some umbrellas for shade. There are several jacuzzis around and also cabanas with misted air conditioning and TVs. While the pool was fairly large and adequate for the numbers, a second separate pool would have been nice.We only had one breakfast at the Ceres Restaurant on site and it was done well, but not memorably special. Other meals were had off site as we wanted to see some of the sights.Front desk service was very good as was the Concierge. It definitely helps with the hotel not being inundated with guests. If there had been a convention, that might be different. We also noticed that the weekend brought in more people.Parking on site, while available on the open air parking lot, is best done in the parkade connected to the Casino to keep the car out of the sun. We rented a Dodge Caliber from Dollar for 4 days for a total of just under $50 plus gas. Can't beat that!For the golfers, this is a great location as the Resort is next to the TPC Las Vegas (formerly the TPC Canyons) and the Palmer designed Angel Park Golf Club which in addition to the Mountain and Palm Courses also features a night play 12 hole short course and 18 hole putting green. I didn't get a chance to play, but maybe next time.While never really wanting to go to Vegas in the past, I can't say I won't go again. Finding this hotel would make that difference.Apart from the hotel, here are a few other things we did that I would recommend:1. We saw two shows. Bette Midler at Caesar's Palace Coleseum and Le Reve at the Wynn Hotel. Being a Bette Midler fan I'd have to give it 5 stars. She's not only a great singer, but a crack-up comic and so inventive with her spectacular show. Le Reve is an aquatic Cirque de Soleil type show which is in a theatre in the round, all good seats. This too is spectacular for completely different reasons with tremendous aquatic and athletic performances, props water and lighting effects and aquatic staging. You should check the website to understand the story first as there is little dialogue. Also note that big shows in Vegas command big bucks.2. Shopping is great to buy things at the Fashion Show Mall across from Treasure Island and Wynn Hotels as there is Bloomies, Nordstroms, Macy's, and Nieman there and a three level mall. Also the Las Vegas Prime Outlets 10 minutes away by taxi or shuttle have the usual assortment of mid-range outlet stores. If budget is no object, the The Shops at the Forum at Caesar's Palace and at the Wynn Hotel are Rodeo Drive transplants. We never made it to Bellagio Hotel itself, but I imagine the shops there to be of this same no budget caliber.3. See the fountains at the Bellagio. It's free and it's a different show every 15 minutes, each show lasting 3 or 4 minutes. Go at night.4. A short trip to Red Rock Canyon, if you like geology, is a nice getaway. There's a 13 mile scenic loop with a number of stops and a Visitor Centre. HIke in the trails if the temperature allows. Entry fee for the drive is $5 for a car. While it's neat, Sedona north of Phoenix, makes this pale in comparison.5. Of all the hotels we saw on the Strip (Caesars, Venetian, Paris, Treasure Island, Mirage, Palazzo and the Wynn), my favorite was the Wynn by far. It's probably at least on par with the Bellagio, but not having visited that, I can't compare, but being built by the same guy, Steve Wynn and with the Wynn being newer, I would lay bets, the Wynn may be at least a touch above if not more. Travel websites rate the Wynn as the best in Vegas and one of the best in the U.S..Happy Travels!	
Jun 28 2008 	An oasis in Las Vegas	My husband attended a business conference at this hotel and we (the rest of the family) tagged along for fun. This was our lst trip to Las Vegas (husband has been many times for various conferences and stayed in several other LV properties). The JW Marriott was a perfect way to experience Las Vegas without having to stay in the midst of all the crowds and noise at the strip.The rooms were huge and the whirlpool bathtub was perfect for soaking in after a very hot day walking on the strip. The pool and hotel grounds are beautiful - it's obvious they spend alot of time and money making it not look like it's in the middle of the desert! The gorgeous grounds and pool helped me forget that it was about 110 degrees most of the time we were there as well!If I ever go to Las Vegas (and have to spend my own money on a hotel which I didn't do in this case), I'd stay here again!	
Jun 24 2008 	Far Above Expectations GREAT HOTEL!!!	The photos do not do this property justice (spotless inside and out). Great service from check-in to check-out. We had a suite facing the golf course/mountains and enjoyed breakfast on the balcony. Amazing bathrooms as others have said.If you have seen and done the strip (as we have) treat yourself to a cabana by their excellent pool. We loved having a retreat from the summer sun and stayed poolside all day long. They even show movies at the pool on summer sat. evenings.WE WILL BE BACK!!!	
Jun 24 2008 	Great property for thse who have been to Vegas before	We have been to Vegas a few times now and we always stay on the Strip at MGM, Planet Hollywood... but I had once read very nice reviews about this property and I was very curious. This hotel had amazing rooms. First of all the rooms are enormous for hotel rooms, especially when you compare it to the regular rooms at any hotel on the strip. They had amazing bathrooms with his and hers sinks, very nice Jacuzzi tub for two (plenty of space; I must add that my husband and I are tall people) separate stand up shower, and the toilet was in a separate place with a door, very nice. The property had very pretty ground, the valet parking was for free and the crew was really nice and fast, very worth the tip :-) They have a few restaurants in the hotel but we had tried only Ceres for breakfast one morning and the brunch was really nice, must try the waffles, they were wonderful, and I normally don't eat waffles.The hotel service was good, and they also have the Rampart Casino connected to the property for all those late night gamblers, $5 blackjack at the Rampart casino. The grounds were beautiful but we never got to use the pool since the weather did not cooperate for us that week-end ;-( The drive the to strip was only 12 minutes so it was very convenient. The only thing I was not really impressed with was the Spa. It seems that it was only one person doing all the treatments that day, she was nice but nothing spectacular. If you want to use the spa facilities ( which included the fitness area) a they charge you a $25 fee per day ( free day pass to the facilities, if you do a spa service that same day). I would not recommend to pay $25 because it was worth it. I think the hotel should give free access to these facilities anyways.Overall it was an amazing hotel if you want to still enjoy the casinos and dining on the strip but prefer to relax at night and be away from all the noise and rumble.	
Jun 23 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	Truly a wonderful hotel. Beautifully appointed rooms, very clean and comfortable, spacious. Same for the bathroom. Large; good vanity space. Hugh shower. Staff is so friendly and accommodating. Grounds and pool area beautiful. Wouldn't stay anywhere else.	
Jun 16 2008 	Beautiful Hotel with Fantastic Scenery of Red Rock Canyon	We arrived at the JW Marriott after a long drive from Scottsdale, Arizona. Our room wasn't ready however the receptionist offered us another room that was. She said the room she had held for us and that was not quite ready had a wonderful view of Red Rock Canyon and was a very nice room so we decided to wait. When it was ready the receptionist told us and sent chocolate covered strawberries and champagne to our room to apologise for the wait !! that was a very nice thing to do indeed.The hotel is simply beautiful and the pools are tranquil and relaxing with comfortable padded chairs.I booked the JW Marriot as it wasn't on the strip although only a seven mile drive to the strip where, if you wanted, you could have dinner. They do have some very good restaurants at the JW so if you don't want to go out there is no need.The best part of our two day stay was our drive up Red Rock Canyon which was absolutely wonderful, the way the desert has created this canyon along with the colours is quite a miracle. I think I read earlier that somebody didn't like the shop at Red Rock Canyon - why ? it was a super shop and I bought myself a solid silver bracelet with opals for a bargain price !JW Marriott have done it once again, another wonderful resort in another splendid place.	
Jun 6 2008 	Awesome Hotel- Perfect Location	This was our first visit to Vegas and we had an awesome time. We were upgraded to a Parlour Suite for an awesome price. What a room! The decor and layout were fantastic.If you want the fun of Vegas bur nit the crowds all the time this is the place to go. We drove into teh Strip several times and loved it. It was great to be away from all the crowds when we were in our home hotel.I would strognly recommend this hotel for someone that wants to relax, but also that wants to take advantage fo the strip when they want.	
Jun 4 2008 	Impressive off the Strip Resort	Flying into Vegas only as a starting point for a cross country tour, we weren't looking for a on Strip Casino-Hotel, hence our choice of the Marriott which is some distance from the main part of Las Vegas.As well as being the luxurious peaceful place we wanted we were pleased, with the helpfulness and quality of the staff, the general amenities, and the absolutely superb room we were given.To stay I've stayed in hotel rooms which were smaller than the bathroom that accompanied our balconied suite is not an understatement.The resort has a casino but it's not over emphasized in the set-up, although it's no surprise you have to pass through it to get to the on site restaurants and other facilities.We ate in the on site Italian restaurant and found it well up to specification, also the cafe for breakfast excelled. The buffet was economic but very busy so we avoided this.A special thanks to the valets and security staff of the resort who, dealt with our car being damaged accidentally by another guest in the middle of the night, and provided us with all the paperwork we needed and the help to get the matter quickly sorted the next morning.A highly rated stay, just a pity we are not gamblers so have limited reason to return. If this resort had been in a major city I always stay there.	
May 28 2008 	Great Value	Just got back from Vegas and my stay at the JW Marriot. Great value for the money (around 200 per night with AAA discount). Ceres restaurant had good breakfast buffet and servers were very attentive and helpful. In particular, one server (buyon??) went out of his way to ask the chef to prepare us bag lunches for our hike later that day. As we were getting ready to go the chef ran out and gave us oranges to go in our bags (very thoughtful). Rooms were very spacious. Nice spa tub and rainfall shower and good view of golf course/mountains. The poolside service (although only open one of the few days I was there because it was cold/rainy) was good. Often you had the hottubs to yourself. Unless you are going to get a treatment, I wouldn't pay 25 per person so use the spa facilities for a day (although they were nice (we checked them out-nice sitting areas, waterfall showers/hot tubs in the women's facility)) because you could just use the hot tubs near the pool. Also the spa entrance is right near the casino (poor layout). It is nice, though, that the casino was far removed from the rest of the hotel!!Most of the people at the hotel were older or business people there for conventions. Very few children. When we went to the Dolphin habitat and got a view of the hotel pools on the strip (OVERCROWDED) I was sooo happy I decided to stay at the JW. Grounds were amazing. The red rock casino/hotel grounds looked terrible comparably (just a giant building that pops out of the desert on the way to the red rock conservation area).Only thing that annoyed me a little was that they didn't have a room available for us when we tried to check in at about noon on our first day. They held our bags for us while we went out to the strip though. Great valet service (complimentary). I was getting used to just driving up to the door and leaving the car with the valet. Little weird that they tried to sell us on a new marriot timeshare on the strip by offering us another stay in either the jw or the timeshare property on the strip for 150 to 250 ish if we went to a presentation on our next stay. Would have been a good deal if I felt I would return to vegas in the next year (could be extended). Did get a 10% off food at the ceres even though I didn't accept the offer.	
Apr 26 2008 	Lived up to its name-class class class!	My husband goes to Vegas at least 3 times a year for his business, but kids and I had never been there. We got a deluxe 2 queen size bed room. Bath room was huge with shower, jet tub and double sinks, made of marble all around. Walk in closet with plenty of room, and a room was not cramped with beds, desk, and chairs. The balcony has beautiful views of a golf course,and skyscrapers of strip in distance with mountains in background.Hotel concierge staff was most kind people and ballet parking attendants were very pleasant !! The servers at the hotel restaurants were friendly, too!Clean outdoor pool, and beautiful landscape in the courtyard and throughout hotel was well thought out. I recommend this hotel to a family with kids, a couple not interested in strip and people who enjoy privacy. I want to go back again.	
Apr 17 2008 	Very nice resort But Make Sure You Get the Right Room	We really liked this resort and will definitely go back. The restaurants were good, large and well appointed rooms, grounds are lovely, great spa, attentive staff. My one BIG complaint is that my room in the Spa Tower &quot;faced the golf course.&quot; This actually means you can see the golf course waaaayyyy over there on the other side of a busy road. It also looked directly over the entrance way. This meant noise all day and (this being Vegas) well into the wee hours as people returned from their nights out in, shall we say, a cheerful frame of mind PLUS lots of traffic noise from the busy road starting in the early morning. It being nice weather, I would've liked to have slept with my french doors open but this proved absolutely impossible to do and get sleep and I was on the 5th floor! I can only imagine what it would've been like on the second floor! I honestly have to say I've rarely been in such a noisy room and certainly not at $275 a night! When we return, I will definitely make very sure I'm not &quot;facing the golf course&quot; in the Spa Tower! That being said, the resort is great in every other way. I do wish they had some other nightclub venue. They have two small bars offering live entertainment but nothing with a dance floor or a nightclub atmosphere. Also, they have a free shuttle to the strip (otherwise a $40 cab fare including tip); however, it lets you out across from Fashion Mall. It's a real hike from there to any of the main resorts (like at least 20 blocks). Cab fare from there to Mandalay Bay where we were attending a show was $15 with tip. Since we were only going to the Strip once during our stay, it wasn't a big deal. If you are planning to spend a lot of time on the Strip, you might want to take the transportation into consideration.	
Apr 15 2008	Glad someone likes it	We stayed at the JW Marriott April 4-6 and paid full rate instead of using our points like the previous reviewer. Our deluxe jr. suite view was the top of the trees and that's it. I'm glad they got upgraded and all the attention because none was sent our way. Our room was not cleaned our entire stay. When we arrived back to our room on Saturday night (Sunday morning) and saw that it still had not been cleaned, we called the front desk to at least get clean towels. They showed up with bath towels, but no wash cloths. When we questioned it, we were told housekeeping was closed and they didn't have any others. My husband had to suggest they go to a vacant room to get us wash cloths. We had ordered a platter of chocolate covered strawberries and truffles - what a joke for $40. There were four mushy strawberries with the chocolate mashed on there with a fork and four truffles the size of marbles. Needless to say, it sat there until we left.The rooms are big, the pool is beautiful. We had the buffet breakfast on Saturday morning but it was not yet open when we arrived. The hostess was so grumpy that she asked &quot;it that a problem that you have to wait 5 minutes?&quot; to our &quot;what time does the buffet open&quot; question. She also yelled (yes, she did) at my husband for picking up a brochure. She told him it was not for him to read. Hello, don't have a stack laying out on the table!!I don't know if I'll go back. This hotel is not the same quality as the JW Marriotts' in Cancun, Orlando and Arizona. It could be a great place with a few quality checkups - like making sure the rooms are cleaned!	
Apr 7 2008 	Great time at the JW Marriott!	I stayed with my wife and two 5 yr old children Apr 4-6, 2008. I booked the stay with Marriott Rewards points and was pleasantly upgraded (upon request) to an approx. 2000' two-bedroom suite! Incredible room with enormous bathrooms (2 1/2) with jacuzzi tubs, separate shows, double vanities, etc. As a Marriott platinum, I was also provided with four vouchers for the breakfast buffett for 2 (total of 8 meals) and a pass to the spa. What a great place to stay in Las Vegas - far enough from the strip (about 10 minutes drive) so you get the true resort feeling, but close enough to venture in if you desire. There's a lot of new construction in the surrounding area with many good restaurant choices. The JW's pool was great and the grounds are beautiful. We're definitely going back.	
Apr 2 2008 	Best Hotel Bathroom and Pool	I stayed at the JW Marriott for five nights in March 2008. I loved it. The bathroom in my room was the nicest hotel bathroom I have ever had. In addition to the spacious marble shower with bench and optional rainshower head, there was a large corner whirlpool. The vanity had two sinks and the toilet was behind a door. Very nice!!The pool wasn't open when I was there but people were sunbathing around it. The poolside cabanas must be really amazing when in use. I noticed that they have ceiling fans and what appeared to be mounts for televisions.I couldn't help but take tons of pictures of the huge pool because it was so amazing looking. Think curves and grottoes.The hotel is surrounded by waterfalls and landscaping galore.I would definitely return to this property.	
Mar 29 2008 	Great Rooms Great Pool Great Price!	We stayed at the JW Marriott in Summerlin over Easter weekend. The rooms are big and the bathrooms are huge, with double sinks, a separate rain shower, and a tub for 2! We were very comfortable for the 5 nights we stayed. We especially enjoyed the pool area and the beautiful grounds. The price we got was a tremendous value, and there are no hidden fees like resort fees or parking fees. The casino attached to the JW is small but adequate. The hotel does offer a complimentary shuttle to the Strip---just check the times. The hotel breakfast was OK, but we found the Promenade restaurant next to the casino to offer great breakfasts at very reasonable prices. The Irish pub doesn't seem all that authentic, but it does offer some good specials and great Irish beer , and the bread pudding was awesome. The sushi bar was also a favorite with our sushi-loving friends. There are also a couple of other restaurants on the grounds, but we simply ran out of time! There are also many restaurants and shopping located within a couple of miles, so you really don't need to go to the Strip unless you choose to do so. If you want to get away from the Strip, but still enjoy the weather and perhaps some golf and the pool, the JW would be a great choice. It also seemed to be a very family friendly place, and you can feel very safe! When we travel to Las Vegas again, we will definitely consider returning to JW Marriott.	
Feb 23 2008	Loved the JW Marriott	We stayed at the JW Marriott in January after a 3 day stay at the Venetian. We loved both hotels! The JW Marriott is a nice change of pace if you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. The property is beautiful and the service is excellent. Our room was beautiful, a nice size and very clean. We also had a lovely view of the mountains. Make sure you get a room with a balcony, it does make a difference. The staff does try to please and are very friendly. The casino is also very nice. If you stay at the JW Marriott make sure you eat at Rosemary's. It is only 5 minutes from the hotel and I can see why it is the #1 restaurant in Las Vegas. We also took a tour to the Grand Canyon, South Rim with grand-adventures.com. Daryll was our tour guide/owner. Most of the tours from Las Vegas are to the West Rim, which is actually not in the Grand Canyon National Park. This tour takes you to the South Rim and is really beautiful. The day we went there was a fresh coat of snow and it was breathtaking. Daryll's tours are different in the fact that he only takes about 10 people in a mini van, unlike most tours to the south rim which are in a large bus with 50 passengers. The ride was about 5 hours each way, but well worth the trip. He allows plenty of time at the canyon. I highly recommend this tour if you want to see the South Rim and have a limited amout of time. We also took an ATV tour and Valley of Fire with awesomeadventureguide.com. We had a great time on this tour, about 4 hours on the ATV in the dunes and than a drive through the Valley of Fire which is really amazing. I would also like to add that a drive through Red Rock Canyon is a must, it is only a five minute drive from the JW Marriott. Golf is excellent at the JW and I am sure the pool is amazing in the summer time. I highly recommend this hotel is you want to be away from the strip and experience more of the natural beauty in the area.	
Jan 28 2008	beautiful resort!	Resort was gorgeous, room was huge!!! We had a balcony with a view, 2 queen beds and the bathroom was bigger than a studio size apt with a jacuzzi tub!!! Pros: 15 min from strip and rosemary's restaurant (sundays are half price wine nt at Rosemary's). A quick relaxing retreat from flashy vegas lights. Cons: bring your ipod.........alarm clock radio stinks and hotel charges $15 for 2 hrs of music through tv. Pricey, pricey, pricey salon/spa services (despite fact that women's spa atrium is under construction with a large black canpy in middle). Overall: We would stay here again	
Jan 25 2008 	Nice Vegas getaway	Great place to getaway for locals. My husband and I just wanted to take a break and celebrate our anniversary. The room was huge. As a matter of fact, much of the hotel is so large and open, it seems like a waste of space. (by Las Vegas standards.) The hot tub was great, the best part. The Rampart casino is kind of a dive compared to the hotel, but definitely a bonus. The hotel staff was friendly, we had a good time. We are especially fond of J.C. Whoolihans (spelling?), GREAT bar food with an Irish flair. I got my discount, so it was only $79/ night on the weekend, which made it worthwhile.	
Jan 20 2008 	Excellent!!!	My sister and I had our first ever sisters' getaway (she in her late 20s, I in my early 30s - better late than never!) at this fantastic resort hotel over Memorial Day Weekend 2007. The resort itself was beautiful and well kept. The food was great (although a little pricey, but what can you expect?!), the room/bath was clean, and the service was impressive. They even had daily complimentary water bottles in the lobby for hotel guests. We enjoyed sunbathing around the huge pool. Although the pool area got crowded as the day went on, we did notice how much more laid back and relaxed the environment was compared to the pool environments of the strip hotels, which always seemed hectic and jam-packed like sardines - no exaggeration! I had a great massage at the spa. The workout facility was top-notch - the machines and fitness equipment rivaled that of high-quality health clubs. The workout facility even offered a variety of fitness classes. The concierge was very helpful - they gave us a back route to the strip as we had a rental car. Therefore we were able to avoid major traffic and usually made it to the strip in about 15 minutes. Although we didn't play golf, the course looked impeccable. I almost felt guilty for not taking my hubby! I would definitely visit this property again. It's great for couples, families, and of course, a sisters' getaway!	
Jan 16 2008 	My Favorite Las Vegas Hotel - Maybe Favorite Hotel in the World	If you are tired of the &quot;Las Vegas Strip Scene&quot;, or don't care for the Mega Casino Resorts, this is the place to go. Summerlin is 20 minutes from the Strip, so if you want the experience the hotel has a shuttle to take you there and back. This hotel has wonderful rooms, great beds, and unparralled service. The Marriott owned areas of the resort (Marriott does not own the Casino Area) are immaculate. The Spa and Pools are relaxing and the enviornment is a different Las Vegas than you are probably used to. The casino is quaint and nice. The staff is very friendly, and it is attended by many locals. The buffet is average, and the Irish Pub is Awesome. Live music and great food at the Pub make it a must when I stay at the hotel. They also have a sushi bar, cigar bar, and great italian restaurant. If you have not been to Las Vegas, then by all means you are not ready for this hotel - GO TO THE STRIP - but if you frequent Las Vegas for work or are looking for a different Las Vegas experience - nothing beats the JW Marriott. And, if you are looking for a Golf Getaway - there is no other place to stay than the JW Marriott. It has a great course, and is in the heart of Las Vegas' best golf courses.	
Dec 16 2007 	Loved our golf and spa visit	We chose this hotel because we wanted to use marriot rewards points. We were looking for a desert vacation that offered golf, dining, and spa. The hotel was wonderful. The staff was very attentive. The spa was nice and relaxing. My husband golfed and I rode along. We had excellent concierge service. She helped us book dinner reservations and get great tickets to see a Cirque du Soleil. Overall, it was a wonderful, wonderful vacation and we would defnitely go back!	
Dec 6 2007 	One of the Best in Las Vegas	I had the pleasure of staying at the JW Marriott earlier this year as part of an industry conference being held at the property. A good first sign: I was notified at the front desk that I was being upgraded to a Junior Suite, which has a real living room-sized area next to the bedroom. The bathroom was also massive, with a whirlpool bathtub that was the biggest I've ever seen.The bed was heavenly. I had not slept so well in years (it helped that the kids were back home). I would also add that the room is quite dark, since there was only a single window in the large room. Of course, this also helped me to fall asleep quickly.Except for a couple of dinners, I did not step foot off the property. Nor did I need to. There were plenty of restaurants onsite, and a casino that just met the needs of the hotel's guests. My meals onsite ranged from buffet breakfast to a midnight meal of spaghetti and meatballs. While they were nothing to race about, they were filling and adequate.The property is adjecent to the Suncoast Casino/Hotel and several golf courses. There is also a shuttle bus to the Strip. But why would anyone want to go there after staying here?	
Dec 4 2007 	great hotel	Stayed for 4 nights for business conference. Lobby has rustic interior design. Room spacious with king bed, desk, and love seat. Bathroom had double sinks, shower and separate bath hot tub. The resort has casino, conference center, and collection of restaurants, all in separate wings. Japanese restaurant offered fresh sushi and reasonable prices. Had lovely courtyard where a wedding was being planned. Had spa, golf and tennis which I did not use.Paid $189 rate for conference attendees. Room was in corner of top floor of tower by lobby. Very quiet. Hotel has 2 towers of rooms.Hotel has shuttle to the Strip which is about 15 minutes away. If you have been to Vegas before, this hotel would be a refreshing change.I would stay here again.	
Dec 2 2007 	Great offstrip hotel	We were really pleased with our stay at the JW Las Vegas. You drive up to complimentary valet parking. Check in was quick and we assigned a room on the top floor which is only the 6th floor. This is not a high rise hotel.The casino (not run by Marriott) is nice and small with cheap tables. We enjoyed that very much since we are not heavy gamblers. The buffet at the casino is okay. We enjoyed the food at the Irish Pub although service can be sketchy.We were a little disappointed with the breakfast buffet in the hotel. Food was somewhat cold. Eggs were on the warmer too long. Stick to ordering from their menu. Service was good one day and somewhat unattentive the next day. Lorraine was great the first day. She offered great service. The second day the staff was more worried about setting up for a large party than the current diners. The large party took up more than a quarter of the dining room. That group should have been put in a meeting a banquet room.We did not use the pool because it was too cold. Bathrooms in rooms are as great as advertised. We will be coming more often to the JW Marriott in Las Vegas. This will be our 1st choice to stay every time!	
Nov 25 2007 	Nice off strip hotel to stay at.	Because this trip was with our children, ages 9 &amp; 11, we wanted to stay off strip to get away from the sheer numbers of people. If that is what you are looking for then this place is great. It was a beautiful property. The rooms were very clean, well appointed and quiet. I especially loved the bathroom. The only issues I had were that they don't advertise the restaurant attached to the casiino. We found it only when we were looking for Starbucks. We asked why and they said it is because it is not part of the Marriott but rather an independent operation. We ate at the hotels own restaurant once and while it was very good food, we are budget conscious and wanted something for less money when eating all meals out. The restaurant in the back of the casino had great food, a huge menu and very reasonable prices. Their breakfast was awesome. We spent most of our first few days looking for nearby Denny's or IHOPS when this place was right there only not advertised. The only other issue was that I think the pool should be open a bit later than 7 pm. Even 9 pm would be better. We felt the hotel was much more catering to the business traveler than families on a vacation but it should be the opposite since it is a resort and is very much for families. Overall we were very pleased with the hotel and service and would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 24 2007 	Pretty property service hit or miss food only ok	Pros: - some eco friendly elements (e.g., the room lights turn off when you leave, but come back on exactly the way you left them when you return). - Terrific lamb chops. - was upgraded for no apparent reason to a huge, stunning suite with Strip views and an enormous, luxurious bathroom with a comfortable 2-person jacuzzi.- great towels and robes- very friendly and helpful valet and bell staff- beautiful, spotless property and grounds.Cons:- No minibar!- toiletries were not refreshed at all during my 4 day stay- some of the front desk staff were cranky- No balcony furniture- food (besides the lamb chop) not up to par for a property of this kindalso, it's quite far from the strip - more like half an hour than the advertised 20 minutes.	
Nov 23 2007	Excellent Guest and Meeting/Conference Experience	I attended a business conference at this resort, November 2  6, 2007, rate of $189/night. My transfer from the Las Vegas airport took about 20 minutes in pre-rush hour traffic. During the conference, all the attendees were transferred to the Strip, to the Mirage for dinner at Stacks and to see Love (Beatles Cirque de Soleil Show). That transfer only took 15 minutes. So, the Las Vegas Strip is a short transfer, but a transfer none the less. The JW Marriott is very nice with beautiful landscaping, a big resort pool, a big fitness center &amp; spa, its own casino, a handful of restaurants, a Starbucks, and a couple of shops. The rooms are top notch, spacious, and loaded up with marble bathrooms, separate tub and big walk in shower, a walk-in closet, safe, good desk with an Internet connection.From a conference/meeting perspective, it was just fine, with guest rooms comparable to Bellagio, Venetian, and almost at nice as the Four Seasons. So, if you are going to Las Vegas and dont want to stay on the Strip, then the JW Marriott will be just fine. For me though, given a choice, I would always rather stay on the Strip. There just a whole lot more to do and see, and you can avoid the transfer.	
Nov 18 2007 	Wonderful spa experience!	My husband and I loved this hotel and spa! The room was very spacious and the bathroom was luxurious. This was our first time to Las Vegas, but we had no interest in staying on the Strip. The JW Marriott is a comfortable distance from the hustle and bustle of the Vegas life. We were looking for a relaxing vacation with occasional excitement. This hotel was perfect for us. The grounds were perfectly manicured and there were rosemary bushes everywhere. The spa was AMAZING...one of the best I have been to. From the moment we stepped into the area, it was pure relaxment. There are plenty of attendants to help and many service rooms, so there are few times that no services were available. All of the services we had were WONDERFUL!If you are looking for a hotel that is about relaxing, this is the place for you!	
Nov 13 2007 	Not one bad thing to say	I have nothing negative to report about the JW Marriott. Everything from check in to check out was just great. Quiet area of Vegas, which we liked. We can visit the strip and return here away from the crowds, ect. If you like the Strip action this is not the place for you.	
Nov 12 2007 	Fabulous JW	This was our second stay at the JW Marriott Las Vegas and our best yet. While not on the strip, it is one of the best hotels in Vegas. The grounds are beautiful, the staff friendly and helpful and the rooms huge and clean. The food was great and the gambling was good. Although it has a very small casino, the table miminums are low which is better than what you get on the strip. The rooms are wonderful....we stayed in the Palm Tower on the 2nd floor overlooking the pool area. The bathrooms are very large as they have a seperate whirlpool tub and rain shower stall. Fabulous. It was only a 15 minute drive to the strip which was easy. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a little quieter hotel away from the strip. We will definitely stay again.	
Oct 25 2007 	Sketchy Service kind of a bummer	This is kind of a confusing hotel. Rooms are great and typical of an upper-end property, but the layout of the hotel is a bit bizarre. The previous review that said that the hotel wasn't for disabled travellers wasn't joking...I'd also add that it isn't the best for hoofing around in a pair of high heels either!I'd reckon that the endless corridors orginated when the Marriott planning team tried to work its way around the Rampart Casino. The hotel is pretty crisp in a reassuring, vanilla kind of way until you walk through the casino hub...then it's all worn carpet, low ceilings and cigarette smog. Not exactly ringing the five-star bell, if you know what I mean.All of that aside, however, I probably won't rank it as low if it wasn't for the dodgy service issues we encountered. Nothing earth-shattering, but the lot would put me off staying at the hotel again. Stuff that happened during our stay included...--Laundry that showed up at the last possible second. We had sent some suits in to be pressed when we arrived early the first afternoon and we were told they'd run it through and have it up the next morning. Late the following afternoon, as we were contemplating how to spruce up our t-shirts for a business dinner, we were told that the order had been sent off-property and it still wasn't back. The gal on the phone was very helpful and entertained our half-hourly nervous phone calls but it was a little too close for my taste.--Concierge apathy. We needed some information on how to get ahold of a few simple things and both gals suggested that we check the local shops. Funny that I didn't think of that. I was a concierge myself, and I dimly remember something about assisting the guests by providing specific information, and even calling a few places if I didn't know the information off the top of my head. Being as we didn't know the area, even a nudge in the right direction would have been helpful.--Strident telephone operators. My cell phone wasn't working, I was down on the Strip and I needed to contact my husband at the hotel. I had the room card jacket so I called the number on it. The operator patched me through to the room. As soon as I set the phone down, I realized that I needed one more piece of info so I called the hotel again. This time a different operator tells me that she can't connect me. I have to call the local number. I explain that I'm calling from a borrowed phone, and that I had just reached the room moments earlier. Besides, each piece of hotel information in my purse only lists two phone numbers for the hotel; a 877 phone number and a local fax.She tells me that she CAN NOT connect me. It is impossible. She will be happy, however, to give me the local number if I can find a pen. I said again that I was on a borrowed phone and could I please speak to a manager. She sent me to a voice mail box. When I got back to the room, I sifted through my purse again. I had the hotel brochure and a bunch of little cards from the room key jacket. All have the 877 phone number listed. I'm confused why this number is prevalent if guests aren't allowed to use it once they are in the hotel. Overall, there were just a bunch of little details like this that kept the stay from being relaxing and enjoyable. Could have just been our bad luck that we kept running into so many off-putting quirks, but I don't think that I would ever venture back to this hotel again when there are so many other premium options in the area.	
Oct 20 2007 	First Class Joint	I had opportunity to spend 4 nights at the J W. This place is probably one of the best hotels I have experienced. The staff were friendly and very helpfull. The food was excellent. The sports bar was superb. The place is huge. The rooms were larger than normal and had a huge bathroom with a jacuzzi and a huge shower.  The hotel is located west of Vegas, about a 15 minute drive. one day on the strip is enough for me.  The JW is a great place to just get away and relax for a few days.	
Oct 14 2007 	Nice hotel - serious and dangerous operational practices	This resort is beautiful and the staff is nice, but there are serious problems with some of their policies which puts you and your belongings at risk. To add to the problem, their front desk management on duty is not empowered to rectify the situation. All went well for the 2 days I attended my conference, but it all went bad on checkout day. First, they put your bill on the outside of the door in the middle of the night rather than sliding it under advertising to others your name, etc. Upon check-in, I requested and was granted a 1pm checkout time. My conference (held at their facility) finished at noon. The hotel knew I was part of the conference group. I went back to my room at 12:35 and my key didn't work. Then my door opened from the inside. The hotel had taken it upon themselves to decide I had checked out even though all my belongings were still in the room and had given the room to new guests. These guests had been in there long enough to fully unpack and hang everything up (weird that they put my suitcases right inside the door rather than calling the front desk). When I complained to the front desk, they offered to knock a little off my bill, but when I explained that it was not my company inconvenienced, but me and could they offer, instead, points, future stay discounts, spa or restaurant discount, I was told that I could take the business card of someone who couldn't/wouldn't talk to me and pursue restitution when I got home. This was from the customer satisfaction supervisor! They even argued that I had checked out at 10:30 - note... I had not even looked at the video bill, had not called the front desk, had not left my keys in the room - I had done NOTHING to trigger a checkout other than to be a well organized, tidy solo traveler. I had been planning to come back ... now I'd never go back - can't trust their procedures or judgment. Triggering a &quot;checkout&quot; based on one maid's viewpoint that the room is neat and clean should never be allowed. Note: the maid had to move or trip over my 2 suitcases to hang up fresh robes in the closet.	
Oct 13 2007	fabulous	We stayed at this hotel at the beginning and the end of our trip, for a total of five nights, both times in a junior suite.We knew off course that this hotel does not have your typical 'Vegas atmosphere'. The quiet and remoteness from the strip were important reasons for us to choose this hotel; we planned to visit the strip with our rental car and park the car in one of the casino garages. This worked out fine. The hotel itself was wonderful. The rooms were possibly the best we ever stayed in, with the super bed and bathroom as mentioned in previous reviews. There was a wetbar in the room which came in handy. The service was good, with quick and courteous luggage delivery and parking valets. We had the breakfast buffet once, and it was excellent.I give the hotel the highest rating and would recommand it. I must however mention two minor niggles that should not happen in a hotel like this. During the first stay we were awakened in the middle of the night by a telephone ringing in an adjecent maintenance room. It souded so loud that at first we thought it was in our room. During our second stay we were awakened by someone taking a shower somewhere. Never heard it before or since though, nor any other sound at any time, the rooms were indeed very quiet at all times.	
Oct 9 2007	Beautiful location but.....	Everybody has his own criteria when he chooses a hotel. In my case, I pick out a hotel based on the expected view from the room. This is why I make it a rule to stay at Paris Hotel Premier Rooms as opposed to Bellagio Deluxe Lakeview Rooms when I stay on the strip (I personally believe that the fountain looks more beautiful and interesting when you see it from the street side, as opposed to from inside the the Bellagio building...). I was interested in staying at a hotel with a cool view of the Red Rock Mountain this time. Unfortunately, Red Rock Hotel seemed a bit expensive when I checked it on their website. So, I did some search and found out that there's this hotel called J.W. Marriott in Summerlin area.I was planning to rent a car (and see the outskirts of Vegas) anyway, and the distance from the strip was not a problem at all. I actually enjoyed the drive on the expressway going up north and west towards the beautiful mountains. The hotel property was very large, and I was impressed by the beautiful entrance with palm trees.I was a bit early (1PM) when I checked in. But I thought this might be better in terms of room choices. I booked what they called &quot;view room&quot; on their website. Though it says &quot;view&quot;, I was OCD enough to ask the woman at the front desk for &quot;a room with a great view&quot;. She was very helpful and told me I was lucky because there's a room available facing the mountain and the golf course available in the SPA Tower. I had no idea where the SPA Tower was located, but I thanked her and headed for the room. I had no complaint about the room per se. It was capacious and had all the necessary amenities. The bath room was marvelous. But when I walked to the window, supposedly to enjoy the view, I was stunned. There sure is a golf course beyond the hotel driveway. But I had to turn my head sharply to the right (west) to have a blocked and partial view of the Red Rock Mountain. Well, obviously, this SPA Tower is facing north and south. If you choose a regular room, you have an unremarkable view looking down the hotel garden. And if you choose the view room, it faces towards the south and you have to look to the right (west) to have a mountain view if any.I went back to the front desk and asked the same person if there is any room available in the other tower called Palm Tower. based on their map, this building is facing west and east, and if you're assigned a room facing west, you should be able to enjoy the beautiful view of Red Rock Mountain. She first apologized and the told me that the view rooms of the Palm Tower had been all booked up. Well, I told her that I had come in early enough and I must be the first person to check in on the day. I asked her how these rooms had been booked up already. She was quiet a little bit, almost looking like trying to find an excuse, and then started to explain that some conferences had been going on the whole week, bluh, bluh, bluh........I'm sure there must be a way to book the view room (facing west) of the Palm Tower, but it seems that as long as we book in an ordinary way (marriott.com, hotels.com.....etc), the &quot;view room&quot; by default means the room of SPA Tower facing south. Correct me, anyone, if I am wrong. Again, the room was nice, but as a view-sucker, I regretted not staying at the Red Rock Hotel. Period.	
Oct 8 2007 	OK nice location away from the Strip	We stayed in this hotel after a week on the Strip- what a blessing to see a bit of &quot;normal&quot; that Vegas had to offer! It was easy to find, 15mins from the Strip, within 2 mins drive to the nearest local restaurants and shops, big rooms, romantic gardens and lovely pool area.We booked using the Labor Day discount and found ourselves in a tired-looking room with 2 Queen beds (they didn't have any King beds left) with a view of the road, so maybe you get what you pay for? Plus the TV had poor reception, the AC wasn't easy to control and the extra room for the luggage was actually too small for the purpose. Saving grace was the bathroom with the wonderful rain-shower! Service I found to be a bit on the poor side- our luggage was dumped on the floor by a trainee porter who looked extremely hot and bothered and had his shirt buttons undone. The receptionist at the check in counter gave the impression of being very rushed although there were only a few people there. In comparison the Bellagio check-in counter was extremely slow but once you got there they treated you 100% better and catered to every need. The valets were polite and quick though..Pool smelled strongly of chlorine but it was exactly the same at the Bellagio.All in all, I rated this hotel an average coz it really was.. average. After a week of staying at the best hotels in Vegas I wasn't really impressed with the room or the service. For the price we paid we should have stayed longer at Signature (best hotel in Vegas!). I might stay here again if it was fully booked everywhere else.	
Oct 7 2007 	Good hotel if you want a little bit of peace and quiet away from the Strip	PROSLovely grounds and a little bit of peace away from the lights and sounds of the Strip. Rooms are well sized and there is good choice interms of food and entertainment on site. The themed Irish pub is a bit like being back in an O'Neills in London but with much better food and cheaper beer (even the Irish aleis cheaper!)The casino is small by Vegas standards but a good way to learn the ropes before losing even bigger sums in the resort hotels on the Strip.Buffet breakfast was included and was good quality with varied selection.Red Rock Canyon is only about a 20 minute drive away and well worth the trip. There is a well signed scenic drive which is great around sunset.CONSHotel wasn't very busy but we still found ourselves having to wait a little to get anyway from reception when wanting to use the business suite and had to wait to be seated (around 10 minutes) each morning for breakfast. We presume would be quite long during peak season.Not exactly a typical Vegas hotel and drive to the Strip is around 20 minutes with good traffic. The free shuttle service to the Strip is very useful but again, during peak season is must get a little fretful as it is first come first served and only goes every hour.(However you can park at all the main Strip hotels so driving there and back isn't a real problem unless you plan to drink)SUMMARYOverall a very nice hotel and we would stay here again but having stayed one night at The Hotel at the Mandalay Bay we would suggest that if you want the full Vegas experience you go for a hotel on the Strip.	
Sep 28 2007 	Not for disabled travelers	Recommend for convention &amp; weddings, not weekend or spa get-away. A la Vegas style, all access to conference rooms and restaurants are via Casino but with a very steep ramp. If you have difficult walking or wheelchair user avoid this hotel. Service great, rooms large, too many mirrors in bath. Secluded from strip, pricey food &amp; spa.	
Sep 27 2007 	Consistent Paradise in Las Vegas	My husband and I started staying at the JW Marriott twice a year after we read the outsanding reviews here 5 years ago. Every experience we have had at JW has been nothing less than perfect. This includes the location, staff, restaurants, grounds, pool, spa, and the weather!!! The setting is so beautiful and romantic but also great for families and conventions. The location in Summerlin is great and has not been inconvenient for us. We can be on The Strip to enjoy the sights in about 15 minutes and then the same quick drive back to a quiet setting.The rooms are outrageous, luxuriously appointed and immaculate. The oversized spa tub is wonderful. Everything is first class from the towels, comforters, to the sewing kits. The outdoor pool is huge with a waterfall. Treat yourself to brunch at Ceres and eat outside by the waterfalls. The wait staff is really attentive and friendly. The Irish pub is also very good if you are looking for a casual dinner without going &quot;off campus.&quot;We always feel like we are treating ourselves with extreme kindness by staying here and will be back again and again.	
Sep 27 2007 	Heaven away from the Strip	We stayed at this Marriott for 4 nights before moving on to Palm Springs. The room we booked was a junior suite and was everything we could have asked for. 2 bathroom's, one with a jucuzzi and wet room. The lounge was a good size and very comfortable.The large bed was great, must ask what matteress's they use.Food in the main breakfast/dining room was excellent with plenty of choice from the fixed price buffet or from the menu. The Irish bar isalso good value but does get busy.After our stay in Palm Springs, we stayed at the Mirage on the Strip for 2 nights before coming home - big mistake! Had we have known how good the Marriott is, we would have booked this for the 2 nights (Seeour Mirage review, 27th Sept). If we stopover in Vegas again, we willdefinately use this Marriott.	
Sep 27 2007 	Absolutely Wonderful !	I recently stayed at the JW Marriott for 1 night in a standard luxury room. This was my second trip to vegas for work this month and I wanted at least one night away from the crowds, noise and plastic hotels on the strip and I definitely found it here.Everything about the hotel and the rooms are first rate, better then any Marriott resort or hotel I have ever stayed at anywhere in the U.S. The rooms are beautiful. They are over sized with a wonderful bed and bathroom. There is plenty of room to spread out and enjoy yourself. The bathroom is fantastic with a spa jet soaking tub and shower with rain faucet. The rooms came with quality comfortable robes and a full walk in closet. The beds are heavenly, better then most marriott beds I have been in, fantastic quality sheets, duvet and pillows. There are plenty of restaurants on site and there is no waiting like those on the strip, actually you dont wait in line for anything at the hotel. The pool is awesome. It is very large with a waterfall and spa pool. There is plenty of room around the pool and since this hotel is not on the strip the pool isnt a zoo and you can always find room and space for yourself.There was nothing lacking in this hotel with the possible exception of the TV which needs updating but you wont be watching that much anyhow. Everything is quality and tasteful, not gold covered plastic that you find on the strip hotels.The only thing that kept me from rating this hotel 5 stars was that I reserved a patio/balcony room and they told me there were none available. For a frequent traveler it is really annoying to plan a trip, book the room you want only to be told you arent getting that room and really there is no excuse for it. At a minimum I expect that if a hotel has run out of the room I confirmed they upgrade me to better room and that didnt happen here. Other then that I would return without hesitation next trip to Vegas.	
Sep 24 2007 	Wonderful	We just returned from our stay at this JW Marriott (Sept 19-25th) and had a fabulous time. As usual we had a wonderful room, bathroom with jacuzzi tub and excellent service. We met some wonderful people Grace - front desk ( thank you for the complimentary birthday breakfast at Ceres), Mimi - concerige who was so helpful and the staff at Speidini Italian restaurant who provided wonderful food (love the halibut) and exceptional service - thank you for the surprise birthday dessert. The spa and the staff was exceptional. I had a wonderful massage by Michelle (from Minnesota/Texas) and my husband had a massage by Cody - they were both wonderful. Our only downside was the shuttle driver who arrived at 5:15 instead of 5pm (Sept 20th) and offered no apologies to the waiting guests. We had to rush to make our dinner appt followed by &quot;O&quot; at the Bellagio - we would make alternative arrangements in future than use the shuttle to travel to the Strip. Otherwise we are planning a return visit in the spring and will sing this property`s praises to all who will listen.	
Sep 23 2007 	Feels like you're not in Vegas (a good thing!)...	This hotel and it's surrounding area is a great alternative to the strip; it feels more like Phoenix than Vegas, and I loved it. It's quiet, feels fairly small, and is well kept up.The service was only slightly sub-par, with a few small details lacking, but overall I think this is a great place.If you're looking for a strip casino, this isn't the place, but if you're looking for a quiet, classy alternative, this is for you.	
Sep 20 2007	Gorgeous Property	This property is absolutely gorgeous; we had a one-bedroom suite, beautiful view of mountains, 1-1/2 baths which came in hand travelling with kids; bathroom in bedroom was just beautiful - marble everywhere; beds very comfy; suite was huge, beautiful pool, waterfall, dining by pool, etc. If you're looking for quiet away from the Strip, this is the place. Our only drawback is that we didn't find it very kid friendly - no arcade or anything to do for kids if you want to go to casino in hotel. About 20 minute drive to strip. Other than that, no complaints.	
Sep 12 2007 	Peace 	Husband and I stayed here last week for 1 night. We are not Vegas people by any means, and have dreaded previous visits to this city for business. I'm glad to know that such a comfortable resort is available and within 20 minutes of the airport. We had a Deluxe Guest Room with a balcony. Balcony was only 18 inches deep so obviously not furnished with seating. Not much of a purpose unless you're a smoker in need. The room was tastefully decorated and very clean. Bed was comfy with nice sheets and down comforters. The bathroom was stunning! Lots of marble and glass. Separate soaking whirlpool. Large glass shower that gives you the option of a &quot;rain shower&quot; or traditional shower head. Separate commode room. The rooms were very similar in quality and design to the rooms at any of the newer Ritz Carlton properties. I know that Marriott owns RC, perhaps they're sharing designers! If I can have the same accommodations as the RC at Marriott prices, count me in!The Marriott has its own casino. It's noisy and smoke-filled just like the real thing. In true Vegas form, you must walk through the casino to get to most areas of the resort including restaurants. We dined at Spiedini and it was acceptable. We didn't want to venture out onto the strip on a Fri. night in search of something more extraordinary. The breakfast at the Promenade Cafe was pretty standard diner fare. Our server was exceptional, though!If you find yourself in the unenviable position of being stranded in Las Vegas against your will, I would highly recommend the JW Marriott as it's about as far removed from the strip as one can get without renting a car. It's still Vegas, but at least the most of the crowds, noise and general smut is kept at bay.	
Sep 5 2007 	Glad we stayed here and not on the Strip!	My wife and I choose this destination for our second honeymoon. We wanted a location that offered good weather, great restaurants, and lots to do. Las Vegas fit the bill nicely. We researched the hotels and felt that the JW would be our best choice. We are confident we made the right choice. If you see some negative reviews of the JW, posted here, they are almost certainly written by people who did not do their homework. If you are looking for round-the-clock, hot-time, Las Vegas excitment; stay on the Strip. That is NOT what you stay at the JW for! We wanted our hotel to be away from all of the noise, congestion, and mobs that you find at the mega-hotels on the Strip. The JW proved to be a beautiful, clean, and serene place to unwind and releax. We visited the Strip three times during our five day stay in Vegas; and it was great being able to escape the madness when we were through with the Strip for the day. In looking at the other reviews posted here, I would have to say that I agree with the overall opinions on the JW's restaurants and food. Basically, not bad, not spectacular. The on-site restaurant, Ceres, did a respectable job with the breakfast buffet. We had our last night's dinner in the JW's Italian-themed restaurant, Spiedini. It was a little underwhelming when compared to some of the the dinners we had outside the JW, but no serious complaints. FYI, if you stay at the JW, be sure to have a &quot;special occasion&quot; dinner at Rosemary's Restaurant, which is nearby. It is the highest Zagat-rated restaurant in the Las Vegas area, and was featured by Rachel Ray on one of the Travel Channel programs, but definitely not &quot;$40 a day&quot;!Our room, a Junior Suite, was large, beautiful and always kept clean by the staff. The bed was very comfortable, with high quality sheets. My only complaint was that it was difficult to get a consistent, comfortable temperature in the room (I like it chilly for sleeping).The staff was always courteous and helpful. The Spa was terrific. The Casino seems geared to the casual gamer. There are a lot of video poker and slot machines that are penny and nickel types. And most of the black jack tables are five or ten dollar minimums (on the weekday anyway).All in all, I highly recommend the JW and would gladly return.	
Sep 4 2007	Peace and Quiet	The hotel is huge. The place is very very clean. I have a bedroom with the double French door with the view of the mountain. The location of the hotel is near restaurants, gas station, and other convenience stores. The hotel is 10 minutes driving distance away from the LV Strip. The mattress and bed linen are so comfortable. It makes me wanted to buy the same mattress that the hotel is using. The bathroom is so big that it has a whirlpool bath, separate shower, separate toilet room, and a double sink. The toiletry is excellent. The free form swimming pool is very big and it has few swimming laps that are 25 meters long. The hotel appearance is well kept. The garden is pleasant to walk through. There are many lounge chairs by the pool. The hotel provides free valet parking. The buffet lunch in the hotel was about $ 9.00, good food and good price. Other time, I ate out. Do not go to the Las Vegas Chinatown, the food is terrible and expensive comparing to New York, Los Angeles, or Toronto. The LV Strip is crowded with people. The exhaust from the cars and hotels air conditioner make the place extremely hot. I go into the hotels to cool off. The hotels architectural structures and its interior are nice, I took many photographs of Bellagio, Caesar Palace, and Venetian.	
Sep 3 2007 	Quiet Elegance	My husband and I have stayed at the JW multiple times in the past. This time we decided to stay for an entire week of relaxation. We stayed in a one-bedroom suite and it was wonderful. The service was impeccable as always. We rented a car and traveled to the strip for some shows and dining -- always returning to the quiet elegance of the JW.	
Sep 2 2007 	Lovely comfortable hotel away from the glitz	It is a pleasure to stay at the JW Marriott Las Vegas Resort. It is an oasis of calm and taste in the nice suburb of Summerlin, yet provides a free shuttle service to the Fashion Show Mall on the Strip when you feel like a little more excitement.The service is efficient, friendly and helpful: they provided a refrigerator for our room at no extra charge (my partner is diabetic and needs to keep his insulin chilled) and a faulty lightbulb in the walk-in wardrobe was changed immediately. The chamber maids are excellent and even let us use their vacuum cleaner to suck the air out of the vacuum bags we used to carry some king sized pillows home to the UK.Our spa-tower bedroom for our four night stay was lovely and large with a balcony, luxurious bathroom and walk-in wardrobe.The selection of restaurants was OK, but not wonderful and they close early in the evening - the choice is very limited unless you eat before 9pm. The Cafe was about the best but, as usual in the USA, the helpings are very large and really need to be shared by two. We ate in the Irish pub on our last night and the food there was quite good. There is a small Starbucks, which is a very good idea, but their croissants and pastries are an utter disappointment for a European when compared with French ones.The pool was disappointing. It is too shallow to swim properly and the poolside cafe was not well stocked and closed early. Apparently there are very few pools deeper than 3 or 4 feet in Las Vegas - except in older hotels - due to insurance company restrictions, which seems silly, since people can drown in a few inches of water in some circumstances. It takes the pleasure out of swimming. Despite large signs everywhere with pool rules prominently saying no diving, at least six people did so during my 45 minute swim one late afternoon - the lifeguard was looking the other way every time, though he must have heard the splashes. The pool did not have a good atmosphere and was a longish walk from the hotel. The cabanas were very basic. The waterfall was nice, though.The shopping centre nearby was huge and comprehensive and had many stores that weren't found on the Strip, including a good supermarket. However, the shuttle bus to the Fashion Show Mall on the Strip was very quick and convenient and the driver even handed out free bottles of chilled water, which was essential in the August heat.Summerlin is a lovely area and the hotel was relaxed and pleasant. It is not as exciting or vibrant as staying on the Strip, but fun nevertheless.	
Aug 28 2007 	Wonderful stay after initial disappointment - handled well by management	My family and I chose the JW Marriott to begin and end a tour of the national parks. We arrived on a Sunday afternoon, in 115 degree heat, eager to use the pool following our five hour flight. We were notified that the pool was closed for cleaning for the rest of the day due to child pollution and we were sent to the pool at the Suncoast, about  a mile away. We were assured our pool would be open the next day.I had researched pools in Las Vegas and finding an awesome pool was the priority for our short time in Vegas. The JW Marriott pool seemed to fit the bill in every way.except that it wasnt open.The next morning, we were ready for a swim before our drive to the Grand Canyon....only to find out the pool was still closed. Apparently they close it for 24 hours, and there is only one main pool.After (respectfully) voicing my complaints and preparing to cancel our reservation for our return stay, the manager, very graciously, deducted part of our bill and upgraded us to a suite for our return stay, throwing in a couple passes to the spa for my husband and me. I have to say, you can tell a lot about a place with how they handle problems and we left as satisfied guests.Upon our return to JW, the pool was very clean and beautiful, and it did not disappoint. Because there are so many palm trees, there were plenty of chairs with shade. I couldnt help noticing a toddler swimming without rubber swim pants.I looked at the pool rule sign and it says &quot;no soiling&quot;, however, it does not specify that babies and toddlers should be required to wear rubber swim pants. This kind of problem really is preventable and the resort should make this a requirement to avoid other disappointments.We had a few meals at the JW: breakfast at Ceres, lunch at the Waterside Cafe and a lunch at JC Wooloughan, the Irish pub. All meals were very good. My husband and I loved the spa pool, and our suite was beautiful, with a great view and double balcony. Our rooms on both stays were spotless.It took us an hour to get to the Strip as there was traffic (an accident on one trip), and we must have gotten off at the wrong exit since we were stuck in Strip traffic for awhile. We went to the Red Rock Resort for dinner and bowling on our second night. The teenagersliked the bowling.The rooms and the complex are beautiful and well landscaped. Despite our initial disappointment, we had a fantastic stay on our return trip. The manager did an excellent job addressing our concerns.	
Aug 24 2007 	Nice Change of Pace	I stayed for three nights in late June. As a native of Las Vegas, I don't need the neon hassles of the Strip. My preference is a well maintained hotel with great service. I especially appreciated NOT having to walk through a wall of cigarette smoke to get to my room. The grounds are beautiful and well maintained, the rooms are clean, modern and in good repair (I was amazed at the &quot;worn&quot; comment). The bathrooms are luxurious, the beds comfortable, the couch and chairs worthy of sinking into for a good chat with friends of a late evening. Finally - the staff. Stellar. From the moment I arrived tired, hot and ready to collapse (delayed flights, car rental mix-ups, and a late evening drive through the awful Las Vegas traffic) it was just wonderful. The valet were helpful and courteous, the front desk staff cheerful and professional. The cleaning staff always gave a cheerful &quot;good morning&quot; as I left, and I was greeted by the desk staff when I returned. A minor hiccup upon leaving was quickly and professionally resolved. I was so satisfied I even sent a compliment to Marriott directly. To those who say only &quot;over-50&quot; would stay there, surprise - I'm not and will not only stay there again but will highly recommend it for anyone looking for a great oasis of calm and refinement in Las Vegas. Sure, if all you want is pink neon, this is not your place.	
Aug 23 2007 	WOW Vegas family vacation with small kids	I actually registered so I could comment on this outstanding stay. I live and die by the reviews of trip advisor because they are always right on. Just got back from the JW for the second time this year and can't say enough about this place. We booked our stay using points in that my husband is a platinum member. We have stayed at literally hundreds of Marriotts and this place is right on par with some of the top places out there. I would compare it to the JW in Hawaii or the Marriott in Maui-of course minus the ocean. I love the idea that it is off the strip. We came to reconnect as a family and relax, relax, relax. by the pool. I must stay we are usually very low key guests, but honestly this stay we were nothing short of a nightmare and every time we asked for something random they came through. First of all, Danielle a manager was so completely friendly and hooked us up with the most incredible 2-bedroom suite you have ever seen. I sound like an ambassador but honestly this place was unreal. I was something like 2200 square feet. We were traveling with our 2 young and very dirtily kids (1 &amp; 3). We asked for a high chair and it was done. We asked for a microwave and it was done. Extra blankets-done, pack and play-done. Last minute babysitter-done. Be sure to use around the clock childcare and ask for Rose. She is simply the sweetest grandmother I have ever met. My daughter still prays for her every night. Diane the concierge was outstanding with her resourcefulness and seasoned so she is very up front about what she can get done-which is everything I asked of her. She even ordered room service for us to be delivered because we were at the pool and needed dinner ready when we got up to the room. The girls that get drinks at the pool were everywhere and very attentive. They offer buckets of water by the pool as well. They have a big shallow area of kids to place and steps to the deep end. All the parents congregated here and it was very fun. They have a very large waterfall that gives you a great sound. I heard they are building a water slide too. The housekeeping was outstanding and spoke English-which is not the norm elsewhere. They vacuumed up my diamond earring and actually took the time to take their vac apart and try to find it, which they did. I was so surprised and completely relieved. The bathroom tub was so nice and so big. Big enough for my whole family. I love the idea that they have fans in the bedrooms in that no place ever has these because they get unbalanced and are hard to service. The air rocked. We ordered room service most of the time and it was great. We ordered mac and cheese 4-5 times and they made it fresh and gourmet like for the kids. My husband went downstairs and ordered food from the fancy restaurants and brought it up for us to eat. We loved, loved loved the Spianni (sp?)Restaurant downstairs. I really thought it was a great deal for the quality and quantity of the food. We had take out from there 3 times and every time it was very flavorful and fresh. The chicken parm is very good and very Italian. There appetizers are sooo good. The bread is to die for.We had fish and chips at the Irish pub once and they were okay-the batter was bland. The sushi place downstairs had outstanding sushi. I heard the rest of the menu was not good at all. Starbucks pastries were incredible. I am usually not a fan of there pastries but these were super fresh and very unstarbuckies.The restaurant by the casino is outstanding for a cafe type place. Honestly, this was some of the best food in the hotel believe it or not. The service was incredible and the food even better.The food at the pool was not so great. The hamburger is pool quality meat.We gambled over at the Redrock, which is a very swanky hotel, and very fun to visit for a more Vegas feel. I love that they have a bowling alley and a movie theater. Plus the coolest thing is they have check in childcare so you can gamble or have a nice dinner. You must send in your kids shots records 3 weeks in advance so they can make sure everyone is covered since it is such an international clientele. There are tons of restaurants and shopping around the JW as well. I have been on tons of vacations and the amount of space this place provides with the quality of the service makes it a much go back to family vacation place in Vegas. Doing Vegas with kids would not be a good idea on the strip, but if you are okay with getting a sitter (ROSE with around the clock) then your time in Vegas can include both partyng and family time-Which is super rare! We did the Red rock drive to see the rocks and I hate to say it but it was a bunch of different colored rocks.The management of this place is on top of everything and made our stay very boutique like even though this place is very big. I say this in that everytime we turned around we were taken care of even without knowing we were platnium members and in the swanky suite that my daughter referred to as the &quot;castle&quot;	
Aug 21 2007 	Gotta Love It!	My wife and I stayed at the JW Marriot in August and had a great time. The one bedroom suite was huge and well decorated. We loved the bathroom that had a large jetted tub and the enclosed shower with a rain head. All the ammenities we used like the day spa were excellent. All the staff were pleaseant and professional and we're looking forward to coming back. I would 100% recommend this hotel to anybody who wants to relax away from the strip!	
Aug 17 2007 	Not the best place if you're looking for an awesome stay in Vegas	Rooms are very roomy and the bathroom is impressive. I stayed on the 3rd floor with a balcony and patio furniture..the only positives about this hotel. Location is too far from everything nice. You have to take a taxi everywhere. The restaurants were sub-par. The hotel only provides shuttle to the strip every 2 hours and it fills up very quickly. You have to be in line about an hour to guarantee a shot on the shuttle. They never mentioned on the phone or disclosed on their website that there's a $50 incidental charge per night of stay when you use your debit card at check-in. They also failed to disclose a $25 charge per person for the shuttle to the airport. This is my second visit to Vegas. I'm glad it wasn't my first, because based on this hotel, I wouldn't come back. I stayed at Green Valley Ranch in 2005. It far exceeded my expectations. I recommend GVR if you are looking for a wonderful stay, being close to the strip and more bang for the buck. Don't waste your time at the JW Marriott Las Vegas...	
Aug 14 2007 	Outstanding Great Resort	We have stayed at this Resort several times and will always return. The staff and service are outstanding. Service is very cordial and genuine. All staff members from the front door to housekeeping are very well trained and accommodating. Room service food is very well prepared and served. The spa is one of the best we have ever used. The property has a wonderful setting with lots of greenery, water falls, pools and is quietly situtated in the Summerlin area. It has a great casino and several types of restaurants to choose from. We ate at the sushi restaurant and The Carmel Room in the casino and both were excellant. You will not be bothered with the noise and &quot;hustle and bustle&quot; of the Strip and downtown. If you are going to Las Vegas and want a relaxing great location and resort this one is the best. They have a shuttle to the strip , local shopping areas and golf courses. It is also just a short cab ride to the strip or downtown if you want to go there, then go back to a quite resort. This is a must stay, JW Marriott at Summerlin	
Aug 7 2007 	not very exciting	I was disappointed resort does not live up to number 2 rank hotel in Las Vegas. I've been to many hotels on the strip that are far better .Rooms in Spa Tower have worn out feeling .Good for families AND conventions . Pool area OK but pool service inexistent . Little action at the casino .Certainly not for people looking for &quot; fun&quot; in Las Vegas , deserves 3 stars not more . I will not return .FO	
Aug 2 2007 	Oasis in torrid Vegas	Stayed there twice in July 2007. Room was vast and stuffed with amenities, even a personal jacuzzi. Outdoor pool and gardens have the ambiance of a lifelike oasis. Unfortunately pool hours are restraint.Staff is rather stiff and unhelpful, courtesy isn't corresponding to the generosity of the hotel's architecture. So called business center is mini and hardly usable. Restaurant row in the Casino part of the Resort closes too early on Sunday evenings. The Starbucks is the only remedy there. All in all a good alternative for people seeking for an alternative to the Strip's frenzy. Located on the outskirts of Northwestern Las Vegas, the J.W.Marriott is to be considered even if it clearly lacks a five star hotel service.	
Aug 1 2007 	Nice place but not for anyone under 50	This resort property is very large, but it doesn't really feel like Vegas because it is so far away from the Strip. You could have a similar experience in Palm Springs at a resort with a golf course. The rooms were beautiful, new and very large. It just didn't feel like Vegas, most everyone at the hotel was over 50, it is not the plae to go if you are in your 20s and looking for a &quot;Vegas, baby, Vegas&quot; weekend.	
Jul 31 2007 	Make sure to get a room with a balcony	I originally made the reservation with the hotel and was told we would get a room with a balcony. When we arrived I was told that those rooms were sold out way in advance. Although disappointed we were shown to an alternate room and were told to check with the concierge later in the week for availability. It wasn't until we had unpacked and went downstairs to scope out the property that we ran into the concierge for our tower. I told her to keep us in mind for a balcony room. She immediately checked out the availability in our tower and gave us the keys to a balcony room. Happily, we switched rooms out. If you care about not feeling claustrophobic then request a room with a balcony. Our room was small for the rate we paid. We usually stay at the Venetian for the same rate. But I must say the bed is the best bed I have ever slept on. The room had the usual amenities, great walk in closet, nice size jacuzzi tub and the waterfall shower head. We never had a problem with the hot water running out and it was nice to go into a hot jacuzzi after spending time playing tennis all day. Now for the balcony...It's nice to relax on the balcony as long as you don't have any neighbors doing the same thing on either side of you. In a five night stay we only ran into our neighbors twice. As far as the breakfast is concerned, we booked a rate which included breakfast for two in the cafe. The view from the restaurant outside was gorgeous. It was nice to look at the ponds and waterfalls. The best thing at the cafe are the belgian waffles. They melt in your mouth and you can't help but eat more than one serving. There's a great omelette bar, fruit, and your usual baked goodies. The only thing that kind of bothered us was when you went to the omelette bar a separate tip jar sat on the counter. Without our breakfast vouchers, breakfast would of easily been at least $30. Being pressured into tipping even more so early in the morning for someone to make your omelettes was annoying.Now if you don't get a room with breakfast, the Starbucks inside the casino has good pastries. I found out that the hotel makes them fresh for Starbucks. It's also open 24 hours in case you have the munchies.I think the best part of the hotel is not the outdor pool but the Gym/Spa. It's worth the $25 bucks to work out in it every day. Equipped with your above average machines you won't have to wait for a cardio machine or fight over free weights. It's beautiful, spacious yet private. The women's lockerroom/spa area is clothing optional so when you walk to use the sauna, steam room and jacuzzi, there's a state of undress which I would prefer to reserve for the privacy of my own home. In addition, they give you flip flops, a robe and a locker key for your $25 so you can use the facilities after working out. If you forgot a hairdryer, hair brush, lotion, shampoo they got it all, including a nice water and fruit bar for your convenience.The grounds are lovely and very green. You certainly don't feel like your in Las Vegas. It was our first time to stay away from the Strip and I think it's a nice hotel if you have a family and want to stay away from the hustle and bustle. As far as variety of restaurants they weren't lacking. A short drive to the nearby SunCoast and strip malls offer your usual chain varieties...PF Chang's, etc..By the way, we ate at the pool since it was recommended by one of the reviews. We had a lame burger, a tuna tartare salad and two drinks. It was a $40 waste of time. You're better off hopping into the car and finding something else. All in all it was a nice hotel but for the same hotel rate I'd prefer a suite at the Ritz or the Four Seasons.	
Jul 28 2007	"Insanely Great"	Pool - &quot;insanely great&quot;Service &quot;insanely great&quot;Cleanliness - &quot;insanely great&quot;Definitely an oasis in the desert.Short 15-20 minute drive from the strip.Nora's Bistro and Osteria is a excellent place to eat close by.Starbucks on property is open 24/7The health club/spa is &quot;state of the art&quot;Close to the strip, but without the &quot;disneyland atmosphere&quot; which characterized most of the strip hotelsHowever, make sure you dine at &quot;RM's in the Mandalay Bay, for a once in a lifetime dining experience.Chirs Kasch	
Jul 24 2007	Great peaceful place off the strip!	We picked the resort because it was where our conference was located, and we were not disappointed! The property is definitely above average. Really nice, well kept. Our room: We had a regular king room, but it had great high celings, tastefully decorated, HUGE walk-in-closet, and a huge bathroom with a huge jacuzzi tub. It was not crammed at all! We loved the tub, as it was one of those that was big enough for both my husband and I to stretch out completely in the tub and still have plenty of room. The shower had the regular showerhead, but it also had the option of the rain down shower head from above - which was cool too. And I always sleep well on Marriott beds.Restaurants: We had dinner at the Japanese place, lunch at the restaurant right next to the casino, and breakfast at the Ceres restaurant. The Japanese place was decent. Not amazing, but I would say it was pretty good for an in-resort type restaurant. We had sushi which was tasty. At the lunch place, we split a Mediterranean salad that was really delicious and pretty cheap if I remember correctly. And for the breakfast at Ceres, we both did the buffet, which was really good and had lots of variety, but it was a little pricey for a breakfast buffet - $15/person. Casino: Didn't spend any time there. It was smoky, which I hate, and had lots of old people. Again, we were here for a conference, not gambling.Landscaping/Property: The whole resort is covered in these beautiful lush plants, and they do a great job of curving pathways all throughout the large property. Many waterfalls too. The pool was also very nice and had lots of families enjoying the weather. All in all, enjoyed our stay. It was really peaceful and a nice change from the hustling, bustling hotel/casinos on the strip. Although we loved our stay, I would say that if you are planning on doing everything on and around the strip, you might not be as interested in staying here as it is 20-25 minutes off of the strip. But if you came to relax when you're not touring the sights, this might be a good place for you!	
Jul 10 2007 	A first class stay!	We have stayed here several times over the past few years and we both enjoy being away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. The spa, grounds and pool are great. We rented a cabana and enjoyed it with our family. The rooms are large and very comfortable. We have stayed in the standard rooms up to a suite and all are great.The Rampart casino's size is perfect for the hotel plus we found that many locals play there also (always a good sign). We have been luckier there than at any of the strip casinos.Our recommendation is to rent a car and make the drive to the strip if you want to pick up a show (we saw Phantom of the Opera) or walk through the casinos and then drive back to the peacefulness of the JW Marriott.	
Jul 7 2007 	A Fantastic Stay	We generally stay at the Nugget, but wanted to stay somewhere new this trip. We loved the J.W. - rooms were fantastic, pool was beautiful and service was excellent.	
Jul 4 2007 	Nice for a break from the strip 	My husband &amp; I have just got back from 12 nights in Las Vegas. We spent the first 6 on the Strip, then 3 nights at the JW Marriott before heading back to the Strip for the last 3.The taxi there took about 20 minutes, and cost about $35. We arrived at 12, but as our room wasn't ready we were given a temporary pass so that we could use the pool while we waited. The pool area is lovely, with very comfy sunbeds, and plenty of them. The parasols are limited though so if you want one you probably need to be down quite early. There's a poolside cafe too, which has a nice selection of food - salads/wraps/burgers/ice creams.Our room was ready at about 3, and was in the Spa Tower on the 6th (top) floor. The room was a really good size, with a very comfy bed and a balcony which looked onto the golf course (we could also see the Strip to our left). The bathroom was huge and gorgeous, with a whirlpool bath and separate walk-in rain shower. The was a cooler in the room, and every day bottles of water were left for us.For dining, we went to the Irish Pub, Speidinis, and The Carmel Room, all of which were very nice. The casino (Rampart's) was good, we were luckier here than at any of the hotels on the Strip as I won at Blackjack and my husband won $400 on a 1cent slot machine!We didn't realise until we got there, but there's a free shuttle that runs to and from the Strip which we used when we went back. It stops at the Fashion Show Mall (opposite the Wynn), but the driver kindly dropped us off at our last hotel (caeser's palace). There's also a shuttle to Mcarran airport, but I think you have to pre-book this and there's a $25 charge each.Overall this was a really nice hotel if you want a quiter break away from the Strip. It's also not as huge, and is a nice size to walk around without getting lost!	
Jul 2 2007 	Oasis in the desert never have to leave love it!	Have driven by while shopping in Vegas and over my anniversary we finally stayed here. It was grand. The room was immaculate (though pillows were annoying) and soft comfy bed. We had a lovely small suite at a very reasonable price for a Friday and Saturday night. Restaurants were delicious and spa was awesome. Hung out by the pool and relaxed, it was great to. If you do not like to gamble this hotel is great, the casino is in the middle and you never have to pass it if you do not want. My hubby says it is our new favorite place to stay and never leave. This hotel is better then on the strip.	
Jun 27 2007 	Oasis away from The Strip	Stayed at the JW Marriott, just to try it out. Its about  hour drive through harrowing construction on the highway. The hotel is lovely, quiet oasis and definitely a change of pace from The Strip. Bedrooms are as large &amp; nice, luxurious bathrooms and great pool area. We stumbled into a separate pool area that was very quiet without the hoards of screaming kids. We didnt realize it but this was part of the spa and there is a separate charge of $25  which we thought was outrageous &amp; petty, especially for this level of hotel. We were directed to the normal workout room that was essentially a hotel room, low ceilings, stripped, with a few machines  very unappealing. For this reason alone, we would not return here this was more of a self-contained hotel.	
Jun 23 2007 	Gigantic rooms bathrooms for a great price	I attended a conference in this hotel. Was worried about its off strip status though I shouldn't have been. The room was gigantic, well appointed with a walk in closet and couch. The bathroom had a walk in, rain shower and a spa tub. Service was great and room service was tasty. The pool was great. The trip to the strip in the rented car only took about 15 minutes. I parked at TI, which is always free, and went on from there. It was a different las vegas experience but a good one in that it was quiet, relaxing and a bargain for the service you get compared to the prices on the strip.	
Jun 20 2007 	Nice place away from strip	Hotel has some nice amenties and service was good. Rooms are very nice except the TV's are old. Pool area was nice. Drive to strip is about 20 minutes.	
Jun 14 2007 	Awesome	Stayed at the JW at the beginning of June for a family wedding.The resort is gorgeous, but, very large and it is very easy to mixed up between the two towers when you are searching for your room.Best thing is to get a map of the grounds from the desk and keep it with you.We stayed in a one bedroom suite and it was fabulous. I can't say enough nice things about the resort and the grounds.It is perfection.The 24 hour Starbucks is a nice feature.Ate dinner at Spiedinis-the food and service was very good. I think if it was cooler ( 103 ) we could have eaten on the patio, which looked lovely.Had lunch at the Irish pub-food was very good, waitresses were from Ireland for a nice touch.Room service was prompt and as ordered.For a hotel, the food was amazingly good.The negatives-Check in was a hassle.We were told we could check in early-we had a block of rooms reserved.Only one room was ready early and the rest of us had to cool our heels in the lobby for 2 hours, until the normal check in time.Which would have been ok, but, we arranged flight arrivals for early check in as we were guaranteed that the rooms would be ready early.There was not a lot of love from the check in desk.But, we had such a marvelous time-that snafu was soon forgotten.We had been to The Strip many times previously, so we were not in a rush to go to the casinos there.Which was a good thing-as traffic ,especially returning to the hotel in Summerlin, was horrible. Road construction was to blame.I would recommend the JW for those who want a wonderful resort experience , with an occasional foray to The Strip.	
Jun 12 2007 	Great resort	First, the drive there was terrible with construction on I-95, but that's not the hotel's fault. The service from valet to front desk was great. Overall service was among the best I have seen, with a verification phone call from the desk after all requests you make to ensure they were carried out. We stayed in the one bedroom suite. It was very large, especially the bedroom. It had a marble entrance and bathroom, inlaid with a design. The large shower had a rainfall head. The whole place felt like a nice Manhattan apartment. Only drawback was no flatscreen TVs, which are becoming standard in a Vegas hotel. The grounds were awesome, with walkways through trees, ducks, ponds, and streams (man-made). The pool was huge and never crowded. Go to the Mandalay pool and see what a crowd is like. Another drawback here was big winds blew a lot of debris in the pool, but the two lifeguards were having more fun hanging out and acting cool than working. &quot;The pool cleaner doesn't come back until tomorrow.&quot; was what they told me. &quot;Get me a net and I'll do it,&quot; I said, and I got a confused look from the two teens. Food was good, with several restaurants carrying the new expensive Vegas food prices. One restaurant overlooked the casino, but it was wide open with no glass and unless you asked to sit in the corners, you got the nasty cig smoke along with your meal. Overall, I would return again if I wanted to feel like I was off the strip, which you definitely felt here. On the strip, I would go to the Wynn or Signature at MGM for a nicer on-strip experience.	
Jun 8 2007 	Solid and Impressive but not a "Vegas" Hotel/Resort	I just returned from the JW Marriott Las Vegas, having spent four nights for a company meeting. This place has a lot to offer. They definitely have their act together when it comes to service. Long business meetings can be stressful and this hotel's staff made the experience much better. The resort is lush. First, it's beautiful and the grounds/pool are equally impressive. No problems on aesthetics . . . . rooms are up to date with marble foyer, patterned sisal carpet, pretty furnishings, etc. The bedroom area is outfitted with something comparable to a &quot;heavenly bed&quot; -very cloud like - - layered fresh, white sheets/duvet and the most comfortable collection of starched, clean pillows. This hotel feels a little like a Ritz. The marble bathroom has a wow factor. . . entirely marble (walls, floor, etc) w/ a soothing &quot;rain shower&quot; in a separate enclosure with bench, etc. giant jacuzzi tub in the corner that sits below mirrored walls - granite countertops -- luxurious. The Room Service was smooth and seamless and reasonably priced. I enjoyed breakfast three mornings and dinner one evening. In the interest of space, I won't describe every crouton, but suffice to say, you get precisely what you order and it's timely. It bears mentioning that the room service dinner I had was as good as some of the meals I've eaten at restaurants in Wynn ! - JW Mar. offers a Pan Roasted Halibut dinner w/ braised leeks and fingerling potatoes w/ a watercress, lemon sauce - - outstanding - - dessert was sinfully delicious (apple tart - baked just before it arrived) - mixed greens salad was large and fresh with thin slices of green apple and apple cider viniagrette. Three olive rolls and one whole wheat roll was on the cart w/butter. I was in heaven. One morning, I threw a curve to the guy taking the phone orders for breakfast, asking for a few substitutions. I was skeptical that it would arrive with the correct changes. It did. Nice! The lady who takes the room service orders needs to familiarize herself with the menu. My only complaint is that she was totally unaware of the specials they offer with regard to a free half bottle of wine when you order a three course dinner. She didn't know what the &quot;Good Start&quot; breakfast included - - a little annoying. One evening ( stayed on 5th floor) Vegas had high winds and it sounded like the french doors in my room were going to bust open. Imagine the way a tea pot sounds when it's &quot;going off&quot; only much more angry. I called the front desk and within minutes an engineer arrived and he stayed for over twenty minutes, attaching additional weather stripping until the doors were silent. I'm not going to &quot;ding&quot; the hotel for this because I valued the prompt response and attention that was offered to me. These folks are masters of service and it shows. Everyone had a smile and was eager to help in any way they could. I forgot my toothbrush and within a few minutes one was delivered to me with a sample of toothpaste. There's a 24 hour Starbucks near the Casino. What's nice about this hotel is that it's a hotel/resort with a casino - not the other way around. I find that most places in Vegas are smoke filled casinos with hotels attached. Now, as for my PITA (Pain in the [--] ) Factor: The tub was gorgeous but I didn't have time to use it and I'm glad because there were two stray, &quot;ahem&quot; pubic or some type of hairs on the side. I didn't call housekeeping, but I bet that if I did, they would have immediately sent someone to clean it. Also, the one drinking glass in my bathroom had a residue in the bottom (let's hope it was soap) - the other glasses were clean as a whistle. The worst, however, was the smell in the corridor of our meeting rooms. We spent four days in the Conference Center and certain areas had a sewage smell. Not all of our meeting areas were plagued with this odor, but it was very strong where they had our snack/break tables set up. It was bad. Back to the room:The toiletries are high end and displayed in a nice little wooden crate w/ wash cloths - - - Overall, this is a really nice place - I'd definitely stay there again. Still, it's not a &quot;Vegas&quot; hotel - it's a good twenty minute drive from the Strip. For that reason, I'd probably stay somewhere else on a personal trip to Vegas. For business, this place is upscale and delivers. Tasteful, elegant, solid.	
May 30 2007	Loved the entire place	Hubby and I went to JW courtesy of points with friends. We had the best time. Have been to LV many a time and this was a great get away from the Strip! The casino was enough to get your fill and the pool was awesome. The pool has a quite and luxurous atmoshpere! Palm trees, cabanas, sand volleyball and horseshoes is you want! The restaurants on the other hand could be more. The cafe, was good and cheap, but if your duration is longer you will want to venture out for that. The rooms are fab! The bathrooms and shower was great-two sinks too! This hotel had the BEST pillows I have ever put my tired head on-pacific coast! Very important while sleeping away from home! Would definitely go back, quite, luxurous and nice prices!	
May 29 2007 	Fantastic Room - Beautiful Grounds - Very Nice Area	We just returned from a 2 night getaway to Las Vegas and loved the JW Marriott! It is a beautiful hotel with gorgeous grounds and lovely views of the surrounding mountains. We have been to Las Vegas twice before and enjoyed Mandalay Bay but this was a more relaxing hotel. No walking a mile just to get to the pool here. The pool was a nice size and not too crowded - arrive early to get a chair near the pool. The waterfall was not working the weekend I was there. They had 2 guys and a steel drum performing on the weekend - nice atmosphere when you are on a vacation. We would not hesitate to bring our children here next time. The rooms are some of the largest I've seen. We had a regular room in the Palms Tower and it was huge. Our friends were next door in a suite that had a very large balcony and a very spacious living room as well as a large bedroom. Definately worth the extra money if you would like a place to meet up with friends/family before hitting the strip. The 1 bedroom had a small fridge and a wet bar. We had a view of the grounds and could see the strip as well. We rented a car and drove to the strip - about 20 minutes - parking at the strip resorts was easy and the way to go. No walking our feet off on this trip. We would highly recommend this type of Vegas experience if you don't have to be in the middle of all the action the whole time.	
May 28 2007 	Great room but eat elsewhere	Our family (2 adults and 2 children under 7) were in Vegas for a wedding and we stayed at the Summerlin JW Marriott due to its proximity to reception venue. The rooms were great for the price of $289 for the Jr. Suites. As described the other posts the rooms were well apponted with the exception of the TVs. Housekeeping and engineering were extremely responsive. A fact that is a big deal when you are traveling with kids. I would not recomend eating on the property at all. The service is surly at best if you happen to be unlucky enough to actually interact with a food and beverage emlpoyee. And once the food eventually arrives you are treated to a very poor dinng experience. The pool is a let down after you see the pictures on the website, the water fall was not operational. Similar to the F &amp; B people the pool staff seem to be more interested in catching up on their social life than actually working the crowd. Summary: great value on the rooms, great house keeping, engineering and valet staff. A good value for a very nice and quiet stay off of the Strip. Just drive down Rampart or go to the Strip to eat.	
May 28 2007 	Wonderful stay at the JW Marriott! Relaxing mellow resort.	My husband and I stayed here for 3 days after spending a couple of days at the Venetian, on the Strip. It was our 5th wedding anniversary and we could not have hoped for a nicer resort than the JW! It was very relaxing, especially after spending a couple of hectic days at the Strip. We are in our mid/late 20's. I consider myself a budget traveler, always looking for good deals, coupons, etc. - so this review is written in light of that. Using a special rate, we booked the JW Marriott for only $100/night. It was worth every penny.The grounds of the JW are beautiful &amp; clean - with very lush landscaping. The pool is large with plenty of lounge chairs. We never had a problem getting chairs and we visited over Memorial Day weekend. There were limited shady places though. The pool was quite crowded at times, with young folks partying it up and lots of kids splashing around (we don't mind either, but I could see how the pool might have been too loud for some people). It seemed like there were several weddings taking place over the weekend and the wedding parties were having a lot of fun socializing &amp; drinking at the pool. There is bar/grill right next to the pool where you can buy drinks/BBQ/burgers. The hotel has several restaurants and a 24 hr Starbucks. There were limited options for dining at breakfast and lunch - however, everything was open at dinner. The room was super-clean, and the bathroom was awesome. Marble tile, whirlpool tub, separate toilet area. The room wasn't overly-decorated or too extravagant but we found this calming, after staying at the Venetian immediately prior. Our room was on the 5th floor of the Palms Tower and looked out towards the east. We could see the city lights and the strip in the distance. It had a VERY small balconey (6 inches deep?). I noticed lower rooms had larger balconeys and rooms on the bottom floor had little patios with tables &amp; chairs. We did not visit the spa but it did look really nice. A spa treatment includes entry to a deluxe fitness center - however, there is a small free fitness room on the 2nd floor of the Palms Tower. I checked the spa brochure, and to me - the prices for treatments seemed high. But I can be pretty cheap ;-) Facials were more than $150 just to give you an idea. As far as transportation goes - there is an airport shuttle which costs $25/per person. A cab ride back to the airport costs about $45 I believe. However, the resort has a free shuttle to the Fashion Show Mall on the strip. We hopped on that with our luggage when we left, and thus - only had to pay cab fare from the Strip to the airport ($15).The casino is small - and not too fancy. Smoky, as can be expected. We played a little here and got a comped buffet meal for Sunday brunch. The brunch was so - so. Husband enjoyed the all-you-can eat crab legs and shrimp. The only other not-perfect thing about this resort, was that some of the hallways were somewhat sparse &amp; barren. As though they were waiting for some new restaurants or shops to go in. We only stayed 3 days, but I think we might have become a little tired of the dining options available if we had stayed much longer. Also, there is not too much going on here after about 8pm, except for the casino. It is a quiet, laid-back resort and the pool closes at 7pm. No live music or anything of the sort at night while we were there. As mentioned above, we are budget travelers and got a great rate at the JW. The JW Marriott is one of the nicest places we have stayed. In general, the other guests were much older than us and showed signs of being extremely wealthy (ie, valet parking Bentleys &amp; Rolls, carrying designer handbags, blah blah blah). The casino and buffets appear to be popular with the local senior citizen crowd. The pool is awesome and the kiddies seemed to be loving it. We didn't notice any &quot;weirdos&quot; here, like there were at the Venetian. Overall, I would recommend this place to people with kids and to older couples. Or to anyone looking for a very quiet and mellow resort experience. ;-)	
May 20 2007 	Beautiful Hotel (VERY QUIET)	Just got back. Very beautiful hotel and lovely pool with plenty of lounge chairs. Too bad the waterfall was not working. Apparently it has been broken for sometime now. Old 50's music is played by the pool. I grew up with that stuff and I am tired of hearing it. Wanted to hear some recent music, we are in Vegas! The hotel was very clean and neat with beautiful views of Red Rock. The bathroom was spacious with separate toilet room, whirlpool tub and a shower with a rainhead and a regular shower nozzel. Not much water pressure. Double sinks and extras. The refrigerator is a large cooler, it states that is not a refrigerator but a cooler, OK. The bed was comfortable with very soft sheets. Small TV that did not work well. The iron was broken and a new one was brought up quickly with friendly service. The cafe next to the casino inside was cheap and good. There is also a Starbucks located in the hotel next to the casino. The restaurant/cafe inside the hotel was expensive. The casino was sparse with people and the people that were in there were probably not a day younger than 60 and had walkers, oxygen tanks and lots of cigerettes. This is NOT your hotel if you are looking for action. Go to the strip. This hotel is VERY QUIET except for maybe the pool where the kids suddenly come out of the woodwork. You also have to pay for in-room internet access, $10.00 for 24hrs. Most hotels have free wireless. If you want to go to the strip and you have no car they have a shuttle service with a $25 per person fee. If you just want rest, relaxation, peace and quiet with some gambling and golf this is the place for you.	
May 16 2007 	Not the real Vegas Experience	Don't get me wrong, you will get luxury at this resort. However, to get the real Vegas experience I would recommend one of the luxury resorts on or near to the Strip. Coming from Australia, we stayed 2 nights in a cheap motel just off the strip (obviously you don't go to America's Best Value Inn if looking for luxury!!). However, we wanted 1 night of luxury so chose the JW based on the cheaper price for a suite and great reviews on this site (was a Friday night so anywhere on the strip was too pricey). We had a junior suite, which was huge and absolutely luxurious. The resort pool and whirlpool also nice. We ate at a quiet italian restaurant within the resort complex and tried our luck on the pokies (failed with the luck). But really when in Vegas you want to be amongst the action and variety of the Strip!	
May 15 2007 	Much better than Ritz Carlton	The night before we stayed at the RItz Carlton which wasn't very good at all. The follwing night we switched to the JW Marriott Resort in Summerlin. SUmmerlin is a ver nice area and the Marriott was excellent, a much bigger room than the Ritz Carlton and everythign worked. Although they could do with flat screens tv and throw out their old fashioned tv sets! Otherwise no complaints at all. The swimming pool area is great. The atmosphere is very relaxed compared to a hotel on the strip.	
May 11 2007 	An Excellent Hotel	We have just returned from a holiday in Phoenix via Las Vegas and stayed in the J W Marriott on our first and last nights. We have been to Las Vegas several times but have always previously stayed in a hotel on the strip but this time we decided on somewhere a bit quieter. On reading the reviews of this hotel we decided to give it a try and were not disappointed. The hotel and surrounding grounds were lovely and the staff very friendly, helpful and courteous. We only had time to try Ceres restaurant and that was excellent. Our room was very large, extremely clean and the bathroom was the biggest we have found in any hotel that we have stayed in. Our room had a balcony which overlooked the golf course and we could see the strip lit-up in the evenings. This is a superb hotel and we would certainly return again. Thoroughly recommended.	
May 8 2007 	Well done Marriott	Beautiful kept grounds, spotlessly clean rooms, friendly staff who remember your name. Valet parking free and always prompt. Buffet breakfast good quality and efficient staff. Speidini Italian restaurant is in adjacent Rampart casino. Good quality food and good service. You can purchase a discount certificate for this restaurant at restaurant.com. $10 for $25 certificate. accepted without a question. Top shelf drinks available to players in Rampart casino. Worth a return visit for Las Vegas peace and quiet.	
May 7 2007 	Outstanding	off the strip (20 min or so) but if you're willing to make the drive,it is a outstanding hotel. tad pricey, but worth it. if you want the best on the strip, check out the Signature at the MGM Grand.	
Apr 22 2007 	Nice change from the usual Strip experience	Stayed at the JW Marriott for 3 nights in the middle of April 2007 for a work related trip. The hotel is about 40 minutes from the airport, far enough to be away from the crazy traffic and non-stop frenzied Strip activity. All in all a good stay, couple detailed thoughts below:Check in - NOT the highlight of my visit. When booked, there was no mention of the different &quot;towers&quot; that the rooms are in. There are several and they are spread out quite far apart. The desk rep cheerfully stated that it was only a 5-10 minute walk and that there was plenty of signage to direct you to the right tower. Yeah right! Most of the sign swere pointing at Palm trees or the small water ponds. I have to say though, the walkways were pretty and well maintained. Even though the aformentioned 5-10 minute walk was more like 20-30 it was pretty.Restaurants - Ate at Spiedini's on property. Decent food and service in the restaurant, great staff and service in the bar.Had room service one evening, not an extensive choice off the menu but everything was good and came very quickly.Rooms - Spotless, and even the standard room was huge compared to most hotels. The bathroom was GREAT, I want that shower in my house! Separate jacuzzi tub as well.If you choose not to rent a car, try having the concierge reserve a car for you to the airport, it was cheaper than the cab.All in all a nice trip, lot less noise and drama that you usually see in Vegas. Would certainly go back again! Enjoy!	
Apr 15 2007 	Fabulous!	Stayed here during the first week of April and was just truly amazed at how nice the property was. The service at the front desk, restaurants, parking attendants was top notch. The restaurants were really good and the grounds were very well maintained. Rooms were spacious and we had a great view of the mountains. Will absolutely stay here again!	
Apr 9 2007 	overall loved the JW Marriott	Overall we had a great stay. I would recommend exploring the company's website to get the most out of your stay...forget the stripeverything you need is here!!! If you need to go on the strip you will definitely be reminded that you got the better place to stay!!!Our only complait was the valet service. IT was complimentary but we all know to tip. That notwithstanding, they dont open doors for you (as a female standing while my husband loaded our own luggage into the truck-waiting for my door to be unlocked)....that aspect they could improve. Just park your own car and enjoy your stay. Great foodand loved the Irish pub (a bit pricey but great nonetheless).	
Apr 9 2007	Location Location Location!!!	My husband and I just returned from our Easter weekend in Vegas and it was a relief to stay away from the strip. The JW is in Summerlin which is an upper scale community with shopping and plenty of restaurants in the area. It's only 20 minutes from the strip and rental cars are cheap in Vegas. We got a mid size for 3 days for only $65 after tax. This JW is average in comparison to others I've stayed at but the staff was friendly and the grounds were well kept. The bed was uncomfortable but the room was spacious. The only thing open 24 hours on the property is a Starbucks. Next time I will stay at the Ritz Carlton in Lake Las Vegas near Henderson which is also a Marriott property.	
Apr 2 2007 	Best hotel ever	This hotel is so fabolus, i loved it! The hotel itself is very beautiful, the service is great, the rooms were big, the hotel has 6 retstaurants, spa, boutiques, large pools, casino and everything you can ask for. Our room had to large queenbeds, gardenview and a jacuzzi:) If you go to Las Vegas, you should defentely stay at this hotel. OK, it's expensive but its worth it! And the location is grest as well, 5-10 min from downtown.	
Mar 28 2007 	Romancing the Wife	My wife and I just finished a Thursday-Monday romantic retreat to the JW in Summerlin. What a wonderful suprise!! The hotel sits adjacent to two golf courses and a mile away from TPC Canyons course(a nice walk). We both felt as if we weren't even in Vegas. No crowds, No rush, No loud casino noise as you get off the elevator. The casino was quaint and very freindly. It's about a 100 yd walk down the hallway. The restuarants were excellent. A great Irish Pub to watch some March Madness Basketball, an excellent Japanese spot with a fresh Sushi Bar. We also ate at the Carmel Room in the casino for dress-up night and they put us at a table with curtains for privacy. Our room was great. It had two french doors opening in with a view of the Strip Hotels at night. It had a huge bathroom with jaccuzzi tub and walk-in shower that had a normal shower head and a waterfall shower head which was comforting after a late and successful Craps session. My wife used the spa three days, myself once. She had a swedish(great!), stone(even better!!) and foot massage(so-so). Each for around $100-150 apiece w/tip. The pool was not crowded and very nice, towels, cabanas, food, great service and their famous Rosemary bushes. We also went to to Red Rock casino for lunch and wow! What an Architectural dream, very nice. We did however, opt to get back to our place to avoid the noise and crowds after about 3 hrs. We are already thinking about when to return.	
Mar 7 2007	A Beautiful Hotel	This was an absolutely lovely hotel. Our room was large and beautifully appointed. The casino was on the small size but big enough for us. The grounds were extensive and pleasant to roam around in. The food was very good. We ate at the 24/7 cafe, the Japanese restaurant, the Irish Pub and the buffet breakfast. It was very nice to be away from the strip but you will need a car to get around. We would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Feb 21 2007 	Luxury tucked away in Vegas	This hotel (resort) is a bit &quot;out of the way&quot; from central Vegas and the strip, but there is an excellent shuttle service and for us it was just perfect to be in Vegas and still have the added benefit of a tranquil setting in the usual JW luxury. Service is excellent, everything is clean and well kept and the pool area is awesome. There is a Starbuck on site and numerous restaurants. We had dinner one evening in the &quot;cafeteria&quot; by the gambling hall, it is OK for a quick bite, but overpriced and not really any good. I guess some of the other restaurants are better. The food at the pool bar is actually great value for money.Breakfast is the usual game, but we ordered from the menu and it was a pleasant surprise. Comming from europe, we are still amazed by the size of the portions, so order with caution :-))All in all a very nice property in a good location with the usual smooth and pampering service from Marriott.A small tip: if the temperature is in the red area, book one of the pool cabanas with cooling mist, nice shade and good service.	
Feb 19 2007 	The best!!	If you don't mind staying off the strip - stay at the JW Marriott in Summerlin. The hotel is great, the pool is THE BEST, service is wonderful - and you've gotta love the bathrooms in the rooms - a wonderful hotel.	
Feb 13 2007	Very nice stay at the JW Marriott	Just completed a three night stay in the Spa Tower of the Jw Marriott in Summerlin...17 miles from the Strip (which was exactly how we liked it...but be aware you are a $35 taxi ride away!)The rooms are huge and spacious (almost felt like they needed more furniture) and the bathrooms have in room jacuzzi's or soaking tubs (make sure you request what you prefer at check-in...I would have preferred the opposite of what we got). The bathrooms are huge, with a wonderful dual showerhead and a very unique vent system...no foggy mirrors and yet it was whisper quiet...very impressive. Large walk in closets with an ironing board, special water for the irons, all the little extras.One stupid thing (and yes, its a stupid thing) is that the in room &quot;refrigerator&quot; at the mini bar is not a refrigerator! It's a cooler. There is a note on it stating if you need a refrigerator to call housekeeping and they'll bring one in. Let's save a few pennies on electricity, hmmm? As we stayed in the winter, we did not take advantage of the outdoor pools...although while walking the grounds I must say it was impressive. The entire outdoor property had winding paths, pools and waterfalls with palm trees and lots of rock--breathtaking. The views from the Spa Tower restaurant were stunning...floor to ceiling windows with waterfalls everywhere.Dining options in the resort were limited, but we found the Japanese restaurant to be exceptional ( the sushi was very, very good!) The casino is basically full of locals, who all love the Rampart Buffet (cheap food for cheap). The resort is a huge convention hotel, so you also have to deal with conventioners...we got the Catastrophe Leadership seminar (these people looked down right depressed at the end of each day!)The spa services were very nice; the work out room with the spa cost $25 a day (waived if you had a spa service). The free workout room alternative was a joke. I highly recommend the salon; Andrea gave the nicest manicure and pedicure I've ever had (I even drug my husband in for a pedicure I was so impressed by her!)If you son't like staying on the Strip and its not the reason you come to Vegas, the JW is very nice. If you love the Strip, this is not the place for you!	
Jan 29 2007 	Beautiful resort	Beautiful hotel and grounds. We loved the layout and the fact that it had all the amenities you want when your on vacation. The staff were very nice - everyone said hello and made eye contact. The gift shop staff were more than nice. I forgot a rubber band for my hair and instead of making me buy an entire pack they gave me a free one! The room was fantastic and especially loved the bathroom.	
Jan 13 2007 	Needs more upgrades	I stayed here Jan 3-5, 2007. They were almost finished with a complete lobby renovation, and it will be fantastic. Too bad the rest of the property is not getting the same attention. The rooms are OK, but at $299-$314 per night, not a good value. The hallways and door frames are very tired, and the elevator in the back, looked like a freight elevator - as it was so beat up. I don't think its worth the price.	
Jan 6 2007 	Great hotel	stayed here for our 1st night in vegas, well worth the money and we found it much more relaxing than our next hotel bellagio in vegas.Rooms very spacious and staff very friendly, breakfast was a good selection and staff there also good.Wish we had another night so we could enjoy the facilites!!Definatley well worth it but is a tiny bit far from the strip so a car is needed	
Dec 30 2006 	Great hotel casino NOT NON Smoking	We spent 5 days here, including Christmas Day. We loved the rooms, the spa, the grounds, etc. The only drawback we experienced was that we had expected the entire property to be NONsmoking. Since the casino is not owned by Marriott, the nonsmoking policy does NOT carry over to the casino. There is also not much in the way of shopping, etc, if that is something that's important to you. There were enough dining choices as far as I was concerned. Good Luck!	
Dec 11 2006 	Perfect for a weekend getaway!	My girlfriend and I stayed at this property for the Las Vegas Marathon weekend, and we were impressed from start to finish. From giving us directions when we got lost trying to find the property to offering us bottled water when we returned from a training run to giving us a late checkout (2pm!) to better accomodate our marathon schedule, the staff was nothing but polite, helpful and genuinely interested in our comfort. Even the housekeeping staff was friendly and pleasant! The property in general is very well-kept (as you'd expect from a JW Marriott property) and the oversize rooms are well-appointed (luxurious linens, great pillows, marble floors, rainfall showerheads) and meticulously clean. We had a junior suite in the Palms Tower and it was absolutely enormous! My friend and I both made appointments at the Aquae Sulis Spa and despite the steep prices (way higher than even Chicago or Orange County where we are from, respectively), we were pleasantly surprised to learn that each booking included complimentary all-day use of all the spa's other facilities, including yoga classes, the steam room, the lounge, etc. We didn't spend any time in the hotel's casino but it looked to have the basic requirements. Food in the restaurants was solid (we ate in Ceres and another one, the name escapes me) -- nothing award-winning but definitely good and the serving staff, once again, was very attentive.If you stay at this property, it would be wise to rent a car as it's about 20 mins. outside of town and cab fare to and from the Strip would be pricey (the drive, however, is very straightforward.) If you're looking for a quieter, more peaceful Las Vegas experience, this resort ranks high on my list.	
Dec 5 2006 	Superb accommodations!	Stayed at this location just after Thanksgiving and loved it!!! Location away from the strip was a definite plus for peace, quiet, and restful night sleeps. 24 hour Starbucks located within hotel was a pleasant added bonus for me personally and the option to have the breakfast buffet EVERY morning (not just on weekends), was another added bonus to my stay! Front desk staff was friendly and very accommodating and saw to each and every need I may have had. Moreover, did I mention the wonderful snuggly, comfortable bed I slept in each night, what a great way to end each exhausting day. Linens were clean, plush and felt and looked brand new; added amenities also included nice plush area rugs at each bathroom sink and even the luxury of a telephone in the bathroom to prevent one from any interruption from mother nature's calling!!!!! A jewel of a treat whenever visiting Las Vegas; a MUST stay!	
Dec 1 2006	Mixed Bag	Just returned from a two night stay in a 2 BR suite. The good: huge room - two big BRs, 2 1/2 baths with huge master and jacuzzi tubs, dining table for 6, wrap around patio, bar. The bad: Furniture looked like it had been dragged in - scratched and scrapes everywhere. The ugly: generally bad service (45 mins for toothpaste to be delivered) and mediocre food. Far from the strip. I would recommend for families who do not want to be on the strip, need space, and want to be able to get in and out without walking through a casino. Otherwise there are much, much better hotels in Vegas.	
Nov 22 2006 	Great Hotel 	I stayed here for business but could have easily stayed here for pleasure. My room had a ceiling fan (which is odd for hotels), a huge bathroom with a wirlpool tub, separate shower with this awesome shower head than rains down from the ceiling, and a volume control to hear the tv from the other room. Free in-room safe. Beds were awesome as well, really comfortable. The hotel also sounded quiet which is nice when you are trying to sleep (I know you aren't suppose to sleep in Vegas).	
Nov 14 2006 	A must stay for relaxation	What a hotel. Not a bad word about any of it. Spectacluar views, great bedding, nice square footage and not a crowded casino. We liked it so much we extended our stay another night. 1/2 hour from the strip so it is a nice relaxing resort property for a quiet get away from the strip.s	
Nov 13 2006	Great hotel!	We only stayed at this hotel for one night in August, but we throughly enjoyed our stay. Had an incredibly large room, and an even more impressive bathroom (jacuzzi tub with a separate shower). The beds were a big plus - very comfortable and plush. Also, there was no charge for overnight valet parking, which was nice. I will definitely stay at this hotel when I go back to Vegas for business.	
Oct 31 2006 	Very nice!	We had a really enjoyable stay. The room was very fresh &amp; clean. The jacuzzi tub and shower (with enormous, powerful showerhead) were wonderful. The room was very quiet. At first I thought that perhaps the other rooms around us were vacant because it was so quiet, but they were in fact occupied. I have stayed in several luxury hotels, but this was the nicest experience I ever had. We were traveling with our 4 yr old, and after visiting some of the crowded &amp; smoky hotels on the strip, we were very happy with our decision to stay off the strip. Our 4 year old loved the pool and waterfall.	
Oct 20 2006 	Beautiful Las Vegas Resort without the Strip Congestion	October 15 to 17, 2006  I had the opportunity to spend two nights at the JW Marriott Las Vegas Resort at Summerlin to attend a business meeting.I arrived about noon, hours before normal check-in, and was able to receive a room in about thirty minutes. The first room I had was #1518. From what I could tell it was a standard guest room on the 3rd floor of the Spa Tower. The room was quite large and had an outstanding bathroom. Until October 1st it had been a smoking room and there was a slight smell of smoke which bothered me.I went back to the front desk and the after the associate apologized and made a note for housekeeping she offered me an upgraded room; a parlor suite on the first floor #1115. It was smoke free and an awesome room!Besides being happy receiving an upgraded room, I was even more pleased at how my complaint was handled. There was no hesitation to offer an apology and correct the problem immediately. About ten minutes after I checked into my replacement room the front desk associate called to make sure that I was completely satisfied; great service!Getting to see both a standard room and a parlor suite was nice. Both of the rooms had huge and beautiful bathrooms. Both had whirlpool tubs large enough for two and both had huge showers with regular and rainfall shower heads.Neither room had a proper desk or office-style chair. Both offered wired high-speed internet service for $9.95 for 24 hours. The service worked well and connected with our corporate VPN, but did not work as smoothly as I-Bahn (STSN) which most Marriott properties offer. A minor annoyance was that electrical outlets were hidden and hard to get to. The rooms seem better designed for the leisure traveler instead of a business traveler.Both rooms were immaculate and during my short stay housekeeping was excellent. The bath amenities were generous sized and of very good quality. The bath linens were plentiful, fresh and thick. There were two thick resort robes in the walk-in closets which both rooms had. There was an electronic-locking safe in the closets as well as iron, ironing board, and a bottle of water to refill the steam iron!Room 1518 had a window but no balcony. Suite 1115, on the ground floor, had a huge patio. It made me feel like having a party! Both rooms offered large TVs with a large variety of cable channels and pay-per-view movies. The Murphy-style bed in my parlor suite was very comfortable; more comfortable than my bed at home!The resort has two towers, the Spa Tower, where my room was, and the Palms Tower. The two are connected by long concourses which connect through the Rampart Casino. The Aquae Sulis full service Spa at the resort and resort shop are located on the Spa Tower concourse. A food court located on the Palms Tower concourse and is home to: Starbucks, the Rampart Buffet, Shizen (Japanese) and several other restaurants.To get to the conference center requires either going outdoors or going through the casino. While the hotel is now 100% smoke free, the casino and the food court are not. The casino seemed fairly large and had lots of slots and all the table games for those interested in gambling.The hotel has a very small exercise room located on the 2nd floor of the Palms Tower that is complimentary. A much larger and much better equipped exercise area is located within the Aquae Sulis Spa, but there is a charge of $25.00 per day to use it and the other spa facilities.I walked through the pool area after meetings one day. The pool is huge and looked very inviting. There appeared to be plenty of lounges and pool towels. There are a number of cabanas around the pool each with a TV, table and chairs, and lounges. On the Palms Tower end is both a large waterfall and an outdoor hydrotherapy pool. Food and drink are available at the pool from the Waterside Caf. Behind the pool caf is a sand volleyball court, horseshoe pit, bocce ball area and croquet lawn. Besides all this, the hotel sits between two golf courses.All of my meals were in conjunction with the meeting that I was attending so I did not have the opportunity to try any of the hotels restaurants or room service except for Starbucks.I can recommend the JW Marriott for those who want to be in Vegas, but not be in the congestion of the Strip. Service was excellent and the accommodations were very good.	
Oct 16 2006 	Great stay.	I am a 37 year old male who took his mother, brother and sister-in-law to visit Las Vegas, the Grand Canyon, and Red Rock Canyon. We stayed at the J.W. Marriott from October 4 through the 9th. I have high standards for comfort and service and have stayed at similar resorts before all over the world. Paid for 2 junior suites (about 900 sq. ft. each) at $309 (plus fees and taxes) each per day.Pool: excellent. Excellent service/food, excellent size of pool and pool area, excellent background music, excellent landscaping. Lots of thyme has been planted throughout the beautifully landscaped property and you catch the faint fragrance when you're lying by the pool. Anecdote: I came to the pool bar to order food 5 minutes before closing and the chef was in the process of closing down his station. I asked if I could still order and he said: &quot;no problem&quot; and whipped us up a great BBQ chicken sandwich and cashew chicken eggrolls. Great service!Cerres: the resort restaurant. Excellent breakfasts (didn't try their lunch or dinners). Worth the $14 per person (plus tip) to start the day of right. Fresh and ripe fruits, delicious mozzarella/tomato salad, various cheeses/breads, freshly made omelets and scrambled eggs among other, heavier breakfast items such as potato and sausage. Great view of lush landscaping and waterfalls outside through 14 foot floor to ceiling windows. Overall wonderful service by people who obviously enjoyed serving guests. Anecdote: I came down one morning for breakfast with my party of 4 and was accosted by one of the breakfast floor managers (who will remain unnamed but is now known to the hotel manager after I wrote him about the incident) who stated, in front of my entire party, that I hadn't paid for my party the previous morning. I had indeed paid, including my usual 20% tip for any service I received at the resort. After checking with another floor manager she found out she was wrong but didn't have the decency to come tell me. I had to ask. I hope it happened because she had a bad day because she has no business being in the service industry if this is her normal behavior. Putting aside this weird incident, I can highly recommend eating breakfast at Cerres.Rooms: spacious, clean, cleaned fast and in an unobtrusive manner (you leave for just a moment and when you come back it's all done). I made small requests of the housekeeping staff once in a while (more bottled water, more hangers) and was always promptly satisfied. Spacious bathrooms, great features such a whirlpool bath, rain shower head, natural stone tiles, french doors that open (no balcony) to let fresh air in and give great views of Red Rock mountains on one side and downtown Vegas on the other. Excellent all.Hotel: is beautiful. Inside and out. Nothing spectacular (aside from the enormous and ubiquitous palm trees, I guess), just done right and very calming. Valet service was efficient. Best way to get to (and from) the Vegas strip is by taking Sahara if you want to end up at the North end of the strip and taking Tropicana if you want to end up at the South end of the strip. Don't take any other road as I must have tried them all to find the best ones. Either takes 30 minutes, less if all the lights are in your favor.Must see: &quot;O&quot; by Cirque de Soleil. Some people in the audience were actually so overcome with emotion they were weeping. Worth the $150 ticket. Don't get &quot;wet seat tickets&quot; if you are wearing something that you can't afford to get wet. Try the #1 rated Bellagio buffet before the show or the Olives restaurant. Take in the Bellagio fountains (every 15 minutes after dark) after the show. Grand Canyon by helicopter. We used Maverick Helicopter Tours and can't say enough good things about that outfit. Their modern office is conveniently located on the Vegas strip. Their helicopters are comfortable. Despite the rough weather conditions while getting to the Grand Canyon, the pilot was calm, cool and collected and a genuinely nice guy who gave just the right amount of commentary. There is no flying low for miles through the canyon which I guess I had anticipated from watching shows on television. Instead the pilot landed us on a cliff edge which gave us a great view of the majestic Grand Canyon and the river running through it. Great photo opportunities. Legends in Concert. I thought this would be cheesy but wanted to see it anyway. Glad I did because it was a great time. Live music, the impersonators' real voices, spot on impersonations of Britney Spears, Sting, Elvis, Garth Brooks, Four Tops (rocked the house!) and Bobby Darrin. Enthusiastic showgirls made it complete. The Forum Shops at Ceasar's Palace. Fantastic shops (hundreds of them) in a classy environment. Convenient valet parking in front. Fancy and casual restaurants througout. Simply the best shopping area on the Strip. Red Rock Canyon which is located just 15 minutes from the resort going West on Charleston Avenue. Beautiful vistas and great hiking/biking trials. When I return, I'll probably give the Bellagio or the Wynn hotel a try but I have a feeling I'll regret not staying at the J.W. Marriott again.	
Oct 5 2006 	JW Marriott is Lovely	I can't understand why anyone would want to go to Vegas, therefore why anyone would want to stay by the strip. Vegas is the home of tack and is like one big theme park mall. So I really enjoyed this hotel and the fact that you could see the pretty lights of the strip but couldn't see the rubbish, smell the vomit and see how glamorous it's really not.We moved down to the strip after one night and really regretted it.Mind you we did stay at the Luxor which is so hideous I actually felt depressed.Anyway the JW room was very large, the beds incredibly comfortable and as mentioned the views great. Sure the service didn't beat that of the 3 star Hotel Carlton in San Francisco but on our two week trip little did.The Japanese restaurant was really good. And I enjoyed not feeling like you were sleeping in a casino.Definately the highlight of Vegas.The only other hotels that I liked in Vegas were the Wynn and Ceasars.	
Oct 4 2006 	Tranquil stay...a real resort feeling!	My family and I were there on Sept.'06 to attend a wedding. JW is one of the best resorts that we have ever experienced! It's lovely both inside and out..with luscious landscaping and peaceful setting. If you want to be near the strip..this is not the place to be. JW is about 25 minutes( no traffic ) from the strip, but for those who want a resort like feeling near Sin City..go here! It's very family friendly, super clean, ( we are very meticulous people so this place was great! ) Great service , although one valet guy was not too friendly,but nonetheless everyone else was very hospitable during our stay. Room service was excellent and delicious too! My kids loved the pool and the spa and actually didn't want to leave! I had the same feeling when I enjoyed the whirlpool tub in our huge bathroom. Everything about the hotel was superb!	
Sep 25 2006	OK but Not Great	Booked back in Feb. 2006 for Sept. anniversary and husband's birthday. Wish I had kept Strip hotel reservation. JW is a beautiful hotel with great rooms and grounds but it ends there. This is strictly convention hotel; they don't appreciate reg. paying guests. Not once were we addressed by our names - 7 days - No acknowledgement ( Ritz does) for our special occasions. Food miserable at pool and inside breakfast was same buffet for 7 days. Shuttle to/from Strip is limited to 5 times a day each way. As others have mentioned, cabs to/from strip and TRAFFIC tieups would break your wallet so you use the shuttle. Room housekeeping obliging after you brought many things to their attention. No visible management as other chains have. Many of the service folks were wonderful reps of this hotel. Casino is nice. Capital Grille at Fashion Show Mall is a treat; Phantom of Opera worth every penny and if you have a spare evening - The Sopranos Last Supper is worth interacting with &quot;The Family&quot;.....great fun. Guess we're spoiled by the Ritz..it always is &quot;my pleasure&quot; with them.	
Sep 22 2006 	Nice Place away from Strip	Stayed two nights at the resort. It is not 15 minutes to the strip. More like 20-25 depending on traffic, minimum. Nice rooms. Rooms are large. Bathrooms are very nice. Breakfast was good. Everyone very friendly. Check to make sure all golf courses are playable before you reserve a room. Nice place to stay if you want to be way off the strip. We are used to staying at Four Seasons. No minibars.	
Sep 15 2006 	Good location great hotel would definately return to this hotel	My wife and I stayed at the JW for 10 nights with a break for 1 night to stay at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay, what a mistake, it would have been better to stay at the JW for the whole trip. See my review of The Hotel for further detailsWe had a room on the 6th floor of the Palm Tower (Odd number)facing into the resort. The room was huge with opening french doors and a well appointed bathroom and we never waited for an elevator. The pool is fantastic and even over the labor day holiday we still got sunbeds and towels. The location is 15 to 20mins drive from the Strip so I would recommend a car for anyone staying there, if you get a taxi from the airport its around $45 at rush hour. Hertz have a desk at the hotel. Starbuck on site for coffee.The only downsides of the hotel were, 1) the pool bar closed too early, 6pm and 2) the hotel casino seemed to cater to the more mature [60 plus] group, but as we spent most of time by the pool this wasn't really a problem.At night if you want a break from the Strip and Hotel, turn right as you get onto Rampart Blvd and there are a couple of decent bars etc 5 minutes drive from the hotel.	
Sep 15 2006 	Greate stay	I have stayed in this hotel, while getting married and honeymooning in Las Vegas. The rooms are perfect: huge and very comfy, spacious bathroom with Jacuzzi and great shower room. Staff was very friendly and helpful. That place is perfect for romantic vacation, but not the best choice if you are in the city for gambling. It is located on the outskirts, 15-20 min drive from the strip. The hotel offers free shuttle, but I had no chance to check that as I was with car (the hotel offers complimentary valet parking, by the way).	
Sep 13 2006 	Loved It!	We used our Marriott points for 2 nights and paid for the 3rd night before checking out and going to Caesar's Palace for husband's conference. We loved the JW! The room was very large as was the walk-in closet and the bathroom! The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in at a hotel. The shower with the rainfall shower head was amazing! The grounds were beautiful and had a tropical feel. We enjoyed the pool daily. We were on the 3rd floor and our room really did not have much of a view, but other than that the room was excellent! We did have a rental car and one day went to the Red Rock Canyon National Park which we both enjoyed. We also ventured to the strip one night for dinner at the Cheesecake Factory and then discovered there was one right around the corner from the JW. We had lunch at the poolside cafe and it was good as was the cafe next to the casino. Didn't really gamble that much so can't say much about the casino. It was a bit smokey but aren't they all? I hated the leave the JW and would definitely go back one day.	
Sep 13 2006 	unforgettable rendezvous	Marriott's Grand Chateau delivers what it promises - we stayed in a 2 bedroom lockout unit on the 20th floor and we had the most comfortable and unforgettable vacation experience ever. Marriott's Grand Chateau has competed with the well known 5 star destinations in Vegas with it's amenities - but even more so than the traditional 5 star hotels we used to stay. It's like vacationing in the comfort of a home like atmosphere so much so that you forget that you are actually on the strip.	
Sep 12 2006 	Far enough away.	This hotel is great, we loved it form when we arrived to check out. The pool was nice and big with great service. The buffet was excellent and the service was great. The rooms are nice and big where you can spred out. I think every room has a big soaking tub and a seperate shower. Parking is a 2 minute walk. The staff was one of the best . Now listen to this, the strip is 15 minutes away so don't stay here if you want the glam and glitz of the strip. The Suncoast is right next door if you want a mega casino. There is shopping 2 minutes away. The new Red Rock is 8 minutes away and Red Rock Park is 20 minutes away, Far enough away but close enough to the Strip. Enjoy and relax. PSC	
Sep 8 2006 	Tempted to stay off the strip from now on..	This facility is beautiful. My room was gorgeous I felt like I was on a tropical isle somewhere (until I hit the strip malls down the street!) Everything was pretty much perfect in this hotel. I spent 2 hours in the jacuzzi tub every day I was there and took 5 showers with the rainfall shower head. It was typical desert heat when I stayed and I just loved this location. I would totally stay here again. Food was good. Service was excellent, they have every amenity imaginable Valet is free, parking is free - is this vegas? Car rentals are cheap in vegas (full size car was like $40 for the weekend!), when you go to the strip just valet it at one of the hotels.	
Sep 7 2006	The Best in Vegas	The best, golf...casino, restaurants and the entire facility. I will never stay on the strip again. The rooms are great, the rain shower is fantastic after a round of golf. Highly recommended!!!!!!!!!!	
Sep 7 2006 	Terrific! Best of the Best!	Folks! I stay in hotels approximately 75 to 100 nights a year and last month took my family to Las Vegas and stayed at the JW for 3 nights. If you want to go to Paradise main land USA) this is the place. The rooms, grounds and staff of this hotel are first rate. A little history of the hotel will tell you why. This property started off as a Regent Hotel and for those world travelers who have stayed at Regent Properties you know they are Super Deluxe. When the Room occupancy % was below forecast the property owners brought Marriott in to manage the resort and Marriott has kept the standard set by the previous managment company. Yes there is a casino (Rampart) in the middle of the hotel (not owned or managed by Marriott) and it is a 50,000 sq ft intimate place to try your luck. In addition to the Marriott Restaurant Cerres there are a Casino Buffet, Casino Cafe, Irish Pub, Japanese Restaurant and a 24 hr Starbucks. I had previously read that this was Trip Advisor #1 Hotel in Las Vegas and it absolutely is. The LV strip is only 15 minutes away (visible from the grounds of the hotel) as is red Rock Canyon and the Red Rock Hotel and Casino. My advice is Stay at this Hotel!!!!!!!	
Sep 5 2006 	Decent value for off-strip hotel but that's all	In comparison to the other Vegas hotels I've stayed at (Four Seasons, Mandalay Bay, MGM, New York New York, Treasure Island, Mirage, Monte Carlo, Tropicana, Flamingo, Hard Rock), this hotel is just average and I don't know why it's ranked #1 in Vegas on this site or considered a 5 star hotel. If you're looking for a good value off the strip, then I agree you can't go wrong with the JW (but only if you're not paying more than $125/night). The rooms are nice and the spa has great treatments/staff, but the pool is nothing special. Plus, if you want to check out the strip, then you either have to deal with limited shuttle service, pay for cabs (which can get pricey, especially during rush hour), or get a rental car. Definitely would not recommend this hotel for those looking for the true Vegas experience.	
Sep 5 2006 	Such a Bargain	This hotel is such a bargain. Beautiful facilities, nice rooms, unusual huge marble bath with jetted tub, comfortable bed. Free bottle water. Staffs are great. $170/night on a labor day weekend with this kind of qualify is unheard of. It's not far away from the strip. I highly recommanded.	
Sep 3 2006 	Oh so beautiful!	No wonder this property is #1 in Vegas. The grounds are beautiful and make you forget you're visiting a desert. The room was large with a huge walk-in closet (just like home.) I loved the bathroom rainfall shower and the big bathtub. I loved the little balcony overlooking a flowing stream. And I loved the big comfy bed. I only stayed in this hotel for 3 nights, but I could live there.We didn't gamble in the casino because it was smoke filled and uncomfortable. We did, however, eat at the pub and it was good food. We also ventured out to explore the immediate area. The hotel is in an upscale area with some nice shops and restaurants closeby. I have to say that we were concerned about staying here as we normally stay in moderately priced hotels. But the people working there were warm and inviting, not at all snooty. I felt comfortable and like I belonged. I recommend this hotel for a quiet retreat from Vegas.	
Aug 26 2006 	Beautiful Hotel Away from the Bustle of the Strip	This is the fourth year in a row that I have stayed at the JW Marriott Las Vegas. It continues to be a jewel in the desert. The location is excellent for me. There are many nice golf courses in the surrounding area and for my wife the spa is one of the best in Vegas. The standard rooms are large (no less than 560 square feet) and beautifully appointed. The pool are is fabulous. Although this hotel sits in the middle of a busy area in Summerlin, once you are on the property you feel detached from the outside world. The ride to the strip is only 15 minutes, so it is easy to enjoy the bustle then return to your oasis.	
Aug 25 2006	7-7-7 ... it's a winner	I love Mandalay Bay, I think the rooms and restaurants and The Venetian are great, and have always found the Monte Carlo to be a steal with its clean rooms and atmosphere. Youre not going to get the Vegas experience at the JW Marriott  and thats a great thing!This resort is one that youll want to tell your friends about. Great spot for a family stay. Oversized rooms with walk-in closets, oversized bathrooms with spa tubs and rainfall showerheads  and those are the standard rooms.Nice pool  salt-water, I think  with a lap-swimming straight section and a larger, free-form area. Theres a lifeguard on hand to keep an eye on the little ones. (We even hired one to babysit for us that evening so we could sneak down to the casino for a couple of hours.)Good locals-oriented casino on the property, with lots of small demonination machines. Few blackjack and gaming tables; however, many of them offered single-deck 21, if thats your thing. The casino 24-hour restaurant is pretty good, but their restaurant row still had some vacancies. We got a great deal on the Marriott Web site -- a package that included 1 pizza and 1 in-room movie a night and a room rate of about $160. Nice.	
Aug 22 2006 	Worthy of Rave Reviews	We just returned from 5 nights at the JW. We stayed there because of the reviews on TA and have to tell you we were not disappointed-by anything. It is a beautiful property and a great place to go to relax. We laid around the pool, drank daquiris, slept, ate and, on two occasions, drove to the strip for shows (Menopause, the Musical is hilarious). My wife does not really like Vegas because of the crowds, the noise and the smoke. With the JW, we may have found the perfect compromise. Also, I highly recommed the Italian restaraunt, Spiendi (I think). Great service, great food and we sat out on the patio with the Koi and ducks.One caution, if this is your first trip to Vegas, stay on the strip. The JW is not the typical Vegas experience. Everyone should have that experience-at least once. It will make you appreciate the JW all the more.	
Aug 20 2006	Better than staying on The Strip	Moved to the JW after 4 nights at the Venetian. Have to say this place is fantastic - whole staff seem really focused on delivering great service. Rooms are huge, new and really well equipped. Public areas are also great - airly, clean and well maintained.Spa/Gym was also great and good value at $25/day.Food in all the restaurants tried was alsoo good.If you have a car - distance from the Strip is not a problem. Would definitely stay here again ! Just avoid the timeshare sell in the lobby, the free gift isn't worth it !	
Aug 19 2006 	Best hotel I have ever stayed in	Originally, we were going to be there only for a Harry Potter symposium, but since we were going to be in Vegas anyway, we extended our stay for the maximum time allowed for the conference rate. This hotel was very nice. The pool and grounds were spectacular, the food was very good in every restaurant were tried in the hotel. Yes, it is very far off the strip, but since we had a car, this was no real hardship. The hotel also has shuttle bus service to the strip. Friendly staff too.	
Aug 19 2006 	A dream	As a frequent traveller from Canada I surely had a great stay.This was our first time in Vegas. We were very impressed by the hotel. It is away from the strip but it has easy access through a fast highway or even through major streetsThe reception was excellent. Our reservation were as we expected. We arrived late at night. The valet attendant was sleepy and very unhelpful (maybe he had a bad day). Despite that we managed easily.Our room was spotless, and well appointed. The resort appaers large but it well appointed and easy to go around. The pool was not as large as other resorts but it was fine especially with the water fall. The buffet breakfast was plentiful with good quality food. The hostesses were really pleasant and helpful. Sitting and having breakfast by the water falls was a dream.I look forward to going back with my family.If all you want is gambling, they have the slots but it also give the famliy a great retreat away from the hustle and noise of the strip	
Aug 18 2006	Fabulous	We stayed at the JW Marriott Las Vegas for 4 nights. Managed to get a 560 sq ft double room (they call this &quot;standard&quot;!) for $179/nt thanks to a leisure promotion on the company's website.Let me tell you, I've stayed in MANY hotels around the world, and this is one of the very best.Excellent room-- so many amenities and little touches (like a double sink, whirlpool spa, amazing shower.. and the ability to turn up the TV volume in the bathroom!) and one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in (and I have &quot;memory foam&quot; and egyptian cotton at home, so I don't say that lightly!).Awesome staff-- check-in was a breeze, complimentary waters every time we visited the desk, completely professional and very attentive to our needs. Arranging a late check-out wasn't a problem... they made everything so easy.Great food-- I wasn't expecting much from casino restaurants, but the food at the Promenade cafe (24 hr, downstairs) was excellent, and very reasonably priced. $10 buys a very nice meal.The buffet, although slightly limited in choice, was of very good quality and in the opinion of myself and my 2 guests, was FAR better quality than the Bellagio at twice the price.The pool outdoors was amazing. 11,000 sq. ft., with mini waterfalls and a convenient bar and cabanas. Great.The location for us was perfect. It was out of the way of the strip but near local restaurants and a gym (there are 2 gyms in the hotel, but we have a 24 hour fitness membership). They have a complimentary shuttle bus to the strip... but we drove there in 15 minutes. Not a problem at all. I much prefer the location rather than a busy strip hotel.This hotel is a gem and at $179/nt, was a bargain. Very highly recommended.	
Aug 14 2006	Loved The JW	We stayed at the Marriott for three nights in early august. We had an 1100 sq ft suite. It was total luxury with a powder room, sitting room,wet bar with fridge, dining room (with table for 6), enormous bedroom and luxury bathroom. We are not gamblers and have been to Vegas before so we decided to stay off the strip. It was the best decision we made. It was peaceful and relaxing and because we had our own car we were able to go to the strip as it suited us. As they are doing road works on the 95 we used Spring Mountain Rd and Flamingo, much quicker. We parked at the Wynn free, had the buffet lunch there one day (excellent). There are a number of new shops nearby, with plenty of eating places down Rampart Blvd.There is free valet parking with tips only when you need your car.There is a shuttle to Fashion Show Mall. We will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 12 2006 	Very Nice Hotel	Hotel was beautiful. Very clean and friendly staff. Extremely comfortable bed! Loved eating at J.W. Wooloughans...especially loved the Fried Pickles. My one suggestion if you plan to stay at this hotel is to rent a car. Taxi ran about $40 plus tip from airport. Also, even though the hotel does provide a free shuttle to the strip, I would recommend taking a rental car, so you don't have to watch your time. Last shuttle leaves at 11:30 pm. Overall, an excellent hotel!	
Aug 8 2006 	Terrific stay at JW Marriott Las Vegas - Highly Recommended	We visited the JW Marriott Resort in Las Vegas recently for two nights to attend the wedding of our friends' daughter and also to visit cousins in Summerlin, the community within which the property is located. We found all the positive comments on this site to be true. The service was outstanding, everyone was very friendly - many hearty &quot;good mornings&quot; by the staff in the hallways. The valet parkers were cordial, fast and efficient. Our room in the Spa Tower was quite big, and the bed was one of the most comfortable you are going to find, with plenty of pillows and a beautiful duvet. All the furniture was fresh and in fine shape. Another nice feature was two bathrobes in the lighted walk-in closet (with safe) that were ready and waiting. There was also a convenient refrigerator that had free spring water, a rarity these days. It was clear that tremendous thought went into the design of even the smallest of things, such as the matching wicker trash cans, ice bucket and hamper in the bathroom.The bathroom was huge and featured a jacuzzi type soaking tub along with a separate shower enclosure offering a choice of a standard shower nozzle or a &quot;rainfall&quot; setting from above, which was great. The nozzles were both powerful and worked well. The rainfall was particularly enjoyable. For the person who wrote there were no washcloths, they are actually there on the bathroom counter, rolled up tastefully in the wood tray behind the complementary shampoo, conditioner, lotion, mouthwash, etc. While it took me a few moments to spot them, they are indeed there!The grounds are superb with water features everywhere, winding paths through the gardens, a great pool, palm trees - everything very well maintained. The wedding was held outdoors in a gorgeous lawn setting with gazebo type structure. We were impressed by the way the staff kept the event private, and then ushered us all into the beautiful Ceres restaurant overlooking waterfalls. All was taken care of professionally and in great taste. The service at the reception was impeccable, the wait staff was very friendly, and the food was delicious. The bride was beautiful, too!The surrounding community of Summerlin is booming and there are many new shops and restaurants very close to the hotel for off premises enjoyment. Boca Park is an example, just down the road. While US-95 (main access to downtown and the Strip) is being widened, it still worked fine for us and actually we enjoyed taking Charleston Blvd into the downtown area one morning to get a feel for the growth going on in the area. It took us less than 15 minutes to drive down to Bellagio on Saturday morning, and about the same time to return. This was our first time staying &quot;off the Strip&quot; and we found it a nice change of pace - very green, the JW is definitely a great place for relaxation. There is also the Aquae Sulis Spa that features about every kind of massage or treatment you can imagine, and had we the time, we might have given it a shot. All in all, this is a superb place to stay. One suggestion is to ask for a room with a balcony. While our room didn't have one, it didn't make a huge difference to us, I simply think it would be a nice touch and would allow even more light into the beautiful guest room. We would definitely return to the JW Marriott in the future.	
Aug 7 2006 	Hmmm... not sure this warrants all the over the top reviews	My husband and I are very frequent visitors to Las Vegas, we make about 4 trips per year and have stayed at just about every single hotel on the strip and a number off the strip as well. I was so incredibly curious about this hotel and property after reading the many over the top reviews on this site so we booked the hotel for our most recent stay. In any other city this would rate as a tremendous hotel but in Las Vegas where over the top seems to be the motto of the city I'd say this hotel is fairly marginal. The pool is nice but not out of the ordinary and actually quite small by Vegas standards. The service at the pool was also incredibly hit and miss. The room was nice but does not rival the standard rooms at The Wynn, Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, Paris or going off strip... The Green Valley Ranch Resort. I would say, however, that the bathroom does rival the opulent Vegas bathrooms on the strip and the tub is incredible. The grounds are beautiful, but again, doesn't quite rival The Wynn. As for the location, this is FAR off the strip, a 15 minute drive, much further than the better appointed Green Valley Ranch Resort is off the strip. The breakfast buffet is excellent. I would only recommend this hotel to visitors who are seeing family or in town for meetings that do not need to go anywhere near the gaming areas, for those visiting Vegas you might not be quite disappointed but you can do better staying at many other area hotel/casinos.	
Aug 7 2006	Wow! What else can I say	AWESOME! Large rooms, upscale amenities, and large bathroom. Jacuzzi too! But it's not Vegas! It's not on the strip, it's not in the same hemisphere. If you like vacationing in the desert go! It's great. Like Palm Springs!!! If you like Vegas, stay elsewhere!	
Aug 1 2006 	Wonderful Marriott	Wonderful, wonderful hotel. An oasis of calm in Vegas! Everything was perfect from check in until check out. Great choice if you have children as there is a super pool (only gripe was that it closed at 8pm) and it actually has a casino where children can walk through without being frowned at (unlike others we encountered in Vegas). Also a great choice if you are a golfer - two wonderful courses on the doorstep.	
Jul 29 2006 	It's true! JW Marriott is fabulous!	I love Vegas and one of the reasons why is the JW Marriott in Summerlin. Always one to stay on the Strip, I heard that the Spa at the JW Marriott was excellent (and I heard this while I was at Spa Mandalay, which I think is also an excellent Spa.) So my friends and I decided to stay at the JW Marriott to check it out. Both the Spa and the Resort itself were incredible. Spa first: excellent fitness facilties, fitness classes, treatments and lounge area. I had a body scrub and a clarifying facial and both were wonderful. Hotel and rooms: Who needs the Spa when the hotel room's bathroom has a large whirlpool jet tub in it, as well as a rainfall showerhead in the separately enclosed shower!!! FABULOUS!!! Bedding was soft and comfortable; room was nicely appointed, and yes...the bathroom is DIVINE! The hotel staff were always friendly, always professional, and always &quot;At Your Service&quot; when you needed extra anything (towels, robes, etc.) I was quite impressed when I received a follow-up call in my hotel room to make sure that my requests were met. There is also a casino so you really don't need to go anywhere else! AND, if you enjoy golf, there are plenty of beautiful, world-class golf courses surrounding the JW Marriott. Top-notch customer service will always win out, when you have so many comparable, hotels and resorts in one area. That's why the JW Marriott in Summerlin stands out as a class act from others. I stayed at THEHotel at Mandalay Bay the following day after the JW Marriott. Although the suite hotel is swank, the service at THEHotel was sub-par to the JW Marriott...no comparison! Give the JW Marriott a try...you will be glad you did.	
Jul 24 2006	Great resort - away from the Vegas Strip!	We stayed here on our way to Brian Head (UT). This is a great resort. We have stayed at many Marriott hotels, but this was even better than the &quot;usual&quot; Marriott themed hotels. The rooms are spacious (we had two queen beds) and the beds were very comfortable (down cover, really comfy pillows). We stayed in the &quot;Deluxe Guest Room&quot; which is the least expensive of all the rooms. We really liked the spacious bathrooms, and the whirlpool bath is separate from the shower. The pool area is nice - decent size pool and there are cabanas for rent. The resort is very quiet, since it's located in Summerlin, a bit west of the Vegas strip. It was perfect for us, but if you are looking for the &quot;Vegas strip&quot; experience, then you might not enjoy this place. We did not use the casinos, but we walked through it in the morning to go get breakfast. We are not really the &quot;gambling&quot; type so I did not notice much about the casinos. One thing to note: Since the resort is far from the strip, there are not too many restaurants located nearby, so we ended eating at the resort. We had purchased a &quot;family&quot; package which included a pizza/soda meal and a free movie selection, so the only meal we had to purchase was breakfast. The staff seemed very friendly. We would highly recommend this place to travelers, and we would stay here again.	
Jul 22 2006	Another enjoyable stay at JW Marriott	Every July my husband's employer schedules a conference at the JW Marriott. This is our fourth year at the resort, and every stay has been excellent. The hotel interior is beautifully decorated, and the grounds are beautifully landscaped. Everything is maintained at the highest level, and the staff is very helpful. The free shuttle to the Fashion Mall is handy, and the driver is quick to offer cold water to his riders -- very welcome in July! The only on-site restaurant we visited was the Promonade, where we took breakfast each morning. Really, the only negative about the resort is the long drive to the Strip to take in shows.	
Jul 19 2006	Gorgeous resort	We stayed at this hotel for 2 wonderful nights in July. The room was beautiful. Customer service was great. The pool is beautiful with water falls. I definately recommend this hotel. Quick drive to the strip or take the hotels free shuttle. I spent last part of the trip at the Venetian. Will definately stay at the JW if I have a chance again.	
Jul 17 2006	A Great Resort But...	...I do have a few minor complaints, which I will proceed to list before elaborating upon all the good qualities of the JW. First, where were the washcloths? None in the room, none at the spa. I could've used one to scrub away the stench of smoke from the adjacent Rampart Casino (REALLY smokey, even for a casino). Second, in the gym at the spa, there are no mirrors in the workout area, which makes weight-lifting a little more difficult. Also, the spa facilities, which are nice enough, don't compare with the spas at Mandalay Bay or the Bellagio.The room at the JW was great. It was more than large enough to accomodate the rollaway we requested which was delivered promptly and politely. The queen beds were very comfortable - some of the best hotel beds, comparable to Westin's heavenly bed, and better than the beds at The Bellagio, Venetian, MGM, et al. The mattress was the perfect firmness and the duvet and pillows were fluffy and comfortable. The bathroom was out of this world. In a city with numerous hotels boasting grand bathrooms, this one trumps them all. The jacuzzi tub easily accommodated two people, and the rainfall shower was very relaxing. Double-sinks and a separate room for the toilet made sharing the bathroom with four other people a little easier. Also, the faux balcony was a nice added bonus to an already terrific room. The whole room felt newly refurbished and showed no signs of wear, and the decor was understated and inviting.The pool area was easily accessed from the Spa Tower (where our room was located), and we were not forced to walk through the casino or a shopping promenade in our bathing suits. There were enough lounges for anyone who wanted one, and poolside food and drink service was friendly (not prompt, though our waitness apologized numerous times for the kitchen being backed up, and she did not get flustered when it took us a long time to order because some of us were on the other side of the pool). The pool water was unusually salty, but was cool and refreshing nonetheless.All in all, it was a very nice trip. The hotel is VERY calm and quiet - seemingly the antithesis of Las Vegas. We utilized the shuttle service a few times, but it would've been better if they had one later shuttle returning to the hotel, at least on weekends (11:30pm is the latest returning shuttle). Getting to and from the strip was not a problem, though a bit more action and better people-watching within walking distance (much better eye-candy at Mandalay, Bellagio, Hard Rock) would've been nice. Still, for the service, room, and pool, I highly recommend this hotel to others.	
Jul 15 2006	J.W. Marriott is Top Flight Hotel	We just stayed one night at the J.W. Marriott on the tail end of a trip to Europe. Our idea was to find somewhere that we could fly direct from London and relax while we overcame jet lag before traveling home the next day. We chose the J.W. Marriott based on experience with other Marriott properties and reviews on this site. We were not disappointed.We got at the hotel at 4:30 p.m. and found that our Junior Suite was not yet ready. The guest relations supervisor immediately booked us into an estate suite at the same rate ($229) that we had booked for the Junior Suite. The room was amazing - about 1,000 square feet, great whirlpool tub large enough for 2-3, great shower, etc.It had very high level finish and fit, including recessed lighting, crown molding, chair rail, great carpet, etc. The bed was spectacularly comfortable too. The best thing I can say about this hotel, as good as everything was, was the service. The immediate efforts of staff to ensure our comfort and convenience with no hassle was refreshing. This place is self-contained, with a great pool, spa, several restaurants, a 24-hour Starbucks, and a casino.This place delivered on all promises and was a great way to return to the U.S. in style. I would recommend this to anyone coming to Vegas.	
Jul 14 2006	Gorgeous spot for a wedding!!!!!	I can't say enough about the JW Marriott in Las Vegas - as loyale Marriott clients we have stayed at so many and this one is absolutely the BEST!!! I had concerns planning my wedding from across the country but they were fantastic. We had the golf, spa, and everything else taken care of with the utmost professionalism. Ken McCabe and his staff went above and beyond to make our stay perfect!!!	
Jul 13 2006	Great time at the JW	Stayed the JW for a weekend getaway. Everything everyone else said was true. This is a wonderful place. The bed was one of the best I have ever slept in, very comfy. The bathroom is huge! The free valet parking was also nice. I only used it a few times though, because I mostly took the shuttle down to the strip. The shuttle only drops you at one spot, the Fashion Show Mall, down by the Wynn Hotel. So it is a bit of a walk to get down to the other hotels on the strip. There was one morning I took the shuttle down to the strip and there were only 3 or 4 or us on, so the driver kindly took us to whatever hotel we wanted to go to on the strip. This saved me quite a bit of walking, so it was much appreciated. The buffet in the hotel was only so-so. I did however like the food at the Promenade Cafe, very reasonable prices. I didn't use the pool on my stay, but I did walk by and it was quite crowded, and there was a lifeguard on duty, which was a pleasant surprise. As others have stated it is quite a bit out of the way of the strip. Plus the construction on the 95 makes it a mess getting down there. The hotel states there is a $9.95/day charge for hi-speed internet, but I was never charged for using it so another plus. Overall this is a great hotel, if you don't mind being away from the strip.	
Jul 12 2006	Truly Truly Loved It!!!	As per the TripAdvisor rating (Best hotel in Las Vegas), we stayed at the JW Marriot from July 4th to July 7th. What a remarkable place! My best friend and I went away for a girlfriend getaway. It was just what we needed. The hotel was glorious. The grounds are lush, rooms magnificent and the service impeccable. We loved the 'at your service' call button and used it for just about everything. We rented a car and the commute to the strip was only about 15 minutes. We went almost every night but couldnt wait to return to our oasis. We highly recommend this place and can't wait to return.	
Jul 5 2006	Loved the JW	My family of 5 just returned from a 3 night stay here and we thought it was excellent. We wanted something off the strip that was still nice, and we got it. Check-in was quick and smooth, and the employees were very friendly. We had a room on the 6th floor w/ a balcony and 2 queens. The room was very clean, the beds comfortable, and the bathroom huge! My 6yr. old loved the big jacuzzi tub. We had a package that gave the kids pizza, soda, and a movie nightly and they loved it. We ordered room service 2 nights for all of us and the last night for the kids only. My husband and I ate at the Cheesecake Factory around the corner from the hotel. The food from room service was very good. We used the concierge service and found Mimi to be extremely helpful. She got us into Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill w/ no problem. We did some day trips from Vegas and yes, the traffic was a pain, but no worse than any other large city. The hotel itself is close to restaurants and some shopping. The resort is beautiful and we loved the pool. We were pleasantly surprised to see lifeguards there.  We would definitely return with or without the kids.	
Jul 4 2006	Loved the JW Marriott Las Vegas!	Stayed at the JW Marriott Las Vegas as the first part of an extended vacation around the Southwest that started around Memorial Day weekend. I knew the moment I checked in that this would be a hard act to follow! The resort was well appointed and the free parking was a nice touch. The room, however, was the best part of the place. It was huge! It had one of the nicest bathrooms I have ever seen at a hotel, with a huge rainbath shower that could probably fit four people and a large jacuzzi tub that fits two people comfortably. The room was also nicely appointed with a large, comfortable bed and tasteful furnishings (not as gaudy as The Venetian). The pool area is decent and was not crowded, although I believed the resort probably wasn't sold out based on the parking situation and their willingness to give a later check-out time. The main gym ($25/day) has a pretty nice spread of cardio machines and free weights but the real reason to spend that kind of money is to use the Spa attached to it which has a waterfall showers, steam room, sauna, cool plunge, and jacuzzi. Well worth the money. Also know that there is another smaller gym that is free in the case that you just want to work out but not pay the daily fee of the larger facility. Also ate at Spiedini (an italian restaurant in the resort) that was decent, especially when compared to the high prices for similar fare on the Strip. Yes, this resort is very spread out and it is pretty inconvienient to the Strip (on the map it looks close to the strip but the 95 Freeway is a BIG MESS at just about any hour and the surface streets aren't much better). However, for those that want a change of pace from the Strip and want to stay at a resort with great rooms and a slower pace, this is a great option. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 25 2006	great price	nice hotel. Excellent beds and bedding. pretty nice room. crappy valet service. good food. Average cafe service. of course smokey casino. friendly front desk.Overall, excellent price for what you get. would stay there again	
Jun 23 2006	JW Marriott Las Vegas Resort and Spa Just OK	My husband and I just returned from the JW Marriott in Las Vegas. After reading all the great reviews, I must admit we were disappointed. Yes the rooms are large,but I felt the furniture other then the bed was a bit dated. The bed was quite comfortable. The layout of the room was large for the sake of being large. The little loveseat looked faded and only enough for one person to sit in comfortabley even though we are 2 small people and the chair next to it was not all that comfortable either. The colors of the room were just plain. The pool was nice and especially since there were so few people around. When we checked in we saw hardly anyone and felt we had the hotel to ourselves. I like a little more activity when I go to Las Vegas and this hotel is so far out of town I felt like we were in the suburbs instead of Las Vegas. It was just a little too quite for our taste. The road construction all over town also made it difficult to get to the strip. The joining casino was also quite. The food in the casino was very good and the restaurants were always empty. This room was $169 a night when you could stay at BELAGIO or Wynn for less. We also had a $1 a day phone charge put on our bill even though we never used the phone. In the future we will go back to the Strip and Belagio which we loved when we were in Vegas in April.	
Jun 22 2006	Cramped rooms	We arrived at the JW Marriot Resort on Sunday 28th May 2006 at about 1pm. We had no problems with check in and we were given our room immediatley. We stayed for one night.The room was a king size with one bed, but as we were travelling with two children, we checked beforehand that there was a sofabed available. The room wasn't very big, which we found was a problem with two children and four suitcases. The room was spotlessley clean and the bathroom came with some very nice toiletries. The only compaints I would make are:1. Before we left to go explore the strip, we phoned the lobby and asked them to come and make up the sofa bed, when we returned six hours later, it was still not done, and we had to ring again for someone to finally come.2. There isn't much space in the front car park, and the one behind the resort shuts at 9pm, so when we arrived back there wasn't very many spaces to park our rental car.Overall it was a pleasant stay and we would recommend it.	
Jun 19 2006	Great"local" resort.	We have spent several weekends at this &quot;local&quot; resort. By local I mean it is off the strip in Nortwest Las Vegas. Perfect for getting away from the rush of the strip, this resort offers golf packages and a fantastic spa! Aquasules Spa offers fantastic massages in a beautiful setting. Rooms are all suites and very spacious. The casino is small but friendly. The slot machines offer the best odds of any casinos around. A great little getaway	
Jun 9 2006	Nice but be prepared to walk... a lot	All the great things about this hotel have already been said, so the only thing I want to add is that due to the layout of the property, a lot of walking is involved... really A LOT. For those that can't walk too far, this is not a great choice. Some large hotels, like the Venitian would be more suitable, because you can take the elevator down to the lobby, and just steps away are restaurants, the reception, the taxis, the casino, shops, etc. Not the case at this JW Marriott. It was sort of designed in a large circle, so it's just not that close between all the places. Otherwise, nice place, good value for what it is.	
May 23 2006 	Awesome Hotel	This was the best place we had ever stayed. It was quiet and grandeur, I loved the casino which is actually not part of the Merriott, but it was a blast. We were treated with great kindness and I felt like a VIP there. The rooms were incredible, spacey and clean and the bathroom had a jacuzzi tub and a seperate shower with a rain type shower head. We got a really good price at the time and have not been able to find that price again or we would stay there every year. The only drawback is that it is very far from the strip and you have to take the freeway to get to the strip, as far as I know the Marriott does not offer a shuttle. I just loved the place and can't say enough about it. I would stay again in a heartbeat if I can afford it.	
Apr 27 2006	Loved this hotel.	I stayed at this hotel in April of 2006. I've heard lots of nice things about this hotel from friends and family who had visited this hotel in the past so my expectation was pretty high yet JW Marriott Las Vegas met that expectation and then some.Hotel was just beautiful inside and out. Everything was big and clean. Bathroom was huge, Jacuzzi was nice. Marble floor by the door and in the bathroom made the room look very elegant. And the balcony with french door was another nice feature you don't normally get from other hotels. Our room overlooked the golf course so we could see pretty greens.Their garden and pool area was just awesome. My niece had a blast running around every where.This hotel is obviously a bit on the pricey side , but I would definitely recommend it expecially for romantic getaways and stuff.I loved this hotel and I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 18 2006	vacation from the strip experience	when the crowds and the glitz of the strip get a bit too much, go to this beautiful hotel in what seems like a suburban community, the rooms are large and well equipped, the grounds which include world class golf are beautiful and the service great. the casino is used by locals as well as guests and is quite pleasant. the marriott- two for brakfast- gets a good morning buffet. the pool is not crowded and very nice. travel time to the strip is 12 minutes by freeway ( not rush hour) or 25 minutes by surface street. enjoy.	
Apr 12 2006	Fabulous!	We just returned from a stay at the JW Marriott April 6-9, and we loved everything about it! We had a first floor room just off the lobby that had double french doors leading to a private patio with a small table and four chairs. It was so nice to sit out there in the morning and enjoy our coffee.The bathroom was huge, and beautiful, as mentioned by others. My husband loved the jacuzzi tub, and it was quiet enough that he could soak in it without even waking me up.The king sized bed was very comfortable. And there were two easy chairs as well as a desk with chair.My only minor complaint was the &quot;cooler&quot; fridge. For such a luxury hotel you would think they could put in a real fridge. I have never seen a cooler in a hotel room before. You had to stick an ice bucket in there to get any degree of coolness. The free water bottles were nice though.One of the best things about this hotel is the pool and the grounds. They are so lush and beautiful. You would think you were in Hawaii, not the desert. It was so nice to sit by the pool and let all your cares &amp; worries drain away. They have waitresses that come around often and you can order food or drinks. Ceres restaurant is very nice too, and is landscaped with waterfalls and palm trees outside. We had their breakfast buffet each day, and their made to order omelets and fresh waffles were very good. On our last day it was warm enough to eat breakfast out on the terrace and gaze at the waterfall. Priceless.We can hardly wait to go back next year, hopefully for longer.	
Apr 4 2006	Excellent experience at the JW	My girlfriend and I stayed at the JW Marriott from March 30 - April 2, 2006. Overall the experience was excellent and we will be returning.Upon our check in Thursday morning we were pleased to find that our room was already available. The front desk staff was excellent, very friendly and explained everything about the property. Robin, our bellhop, was extremely friendly and gracious and took us to a standard king non-smoking room (as requested) on the top floor. The view was good, with some rooftops of the casino and shops, but also could see the gardens and all of the nearby mountain ranges as well.But forget the view -- the room was absolutely incredible! First, the bathroom is easily the largest and nicest hotel bathroom I have ever experienced without staying in a suite. Two vanities, a 2 person whirlpool tub, all marble standup shower with a seat and rainfall showerhead, laundry bin, separate toilet room with telephone and even a ceiling speaker connected to the TV. The bathroom alone is about the size of many regular hotel rooms and is, in short, out of this world. Once you pass the bathroom, there is a walk in closet with digital safe and bathrobes, then a bar with glasses, ice bin and mini-fridge. After you pass the mini bar you will walk into the main bedroom area.The entire bedroom is stunning. Way oversized and decorated very tastefully in subdued gold tones with gold and black accessories. The carpet was a plush burbour and the room was big enough to have a couch and chair with coffee table as well as an oversized desk with two chairs, internet connection, and a TV that is much larger than most hotel TVs (not flatscreen, though). The bed was probably the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. Finally, there were the french doors. Forget the usual sealed off hotel windows, these were two oversized french doors that opened all the way onto a tiny balcony. Every night while getting ready we would open these up and enjoy the breeze.There were a couple minor annoyances: the paint in the hallway was scuffed in a few places, there was a spot on one part of the carpet, and it also turns out the fridge is actually a cooler, which was annoying. Overall these are minor issues since we felt like royalty in that room. We never wanted to leave.As for the rest of the hotel: First, the grounds are excellent. The pool situation is very nice. It is quite large, with two oversized 24-hour hot tubs, a poolside bar and restaurant, an adjacent sand volleyball court, and frequent cocktail service. It was not overrun with kids by any means and seemed to have plenty of lawn chairs for the taking. We never had a problem getting a seat and the hotel was full all weekend. We walked all around the hotel and were very impressed by how manicured the gardens were.The spa was also excellent. We had a couples massage, one hour long, for $236 including tip. The massage was excellent. The spa facility is very fancy but not stuffy, heavily staffed, and has like four pools in each locker room along with your standard sauna and steam. There is also an outdoor pool with special jets for your back to lay down in. Very nice. The workout room faces out onto the aerobics classroom and the private pool area and has really nice equipment with flat screen TVs. Highly reccommend the spa to anyone interested in that sort of thing. One drawback: if you don't have a treatment scheduled, it's 25 bucks per day to use it. The one big issue with this hotel is that it is 15-30 miunutes from the strip depending on traffic. The hotel offers a free shuttle every couple hours, but the last one leaves the strip around midnight -- so plan on taking a cab back ($40) if you want to stay out late with the rest of Vegas. But honestly, this could be the best thing about the hotel: you get the best of both worlds. We loved coming home to our amazing room at the JW away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. As for the casino and some of the restaurants surrounding it, this part of the facility was not up to par with the rest of the property. I learned that that part of the hotel is managed separately from the JW which explains its less-classy feel. It was certainly more of a locals casino and the food wasn't that great. Overall though, we will definitely be returning to this hotel. The hotel is not truly a five-star property, as it does not have some of the finer touches, especially in terms of incredible service, that one would expect from the Ritz or the Four Seasons. But it is certainly 4+ stars. The facility is excellent and the standard rooms are simply out of this world. Come to the JW Marriott and feel like a king. Hightly recommended!	
Mar 31 2006	Simply WOW!	My Partner and I decided at the last minute to vacation in Las Vegas for a few days. Based on a review at tripadvisor we stayed at the JW Marriott. The room was incredible, the service perfect and the food great. We fell in love with the rain shower in the bathrom and the bed was the kind that makes you want to never leave. Our room was large and the bathroom giant. In addition it was great to visit Las Vegas and be somewhat removed from the strip. The hotel provides service to the strip.	
Mar 28 2006	Wonderful Experience	My finacee and I stayed at the JW for a (of course Vegas style) last minute wedding at the resort.We had a wonderful time for the two nights. If you have visited Vegas before and know what it is all about already, I would highly recommend the JW. It offers all of the ammenities of Las Vegas with excellent rooms, grounds and facilities. Plus you can visit the strip, with the shuttle. The difference is if you can enjoy all of Vegas but at a more relaxed pace. I'm a pilot and stay in hotel rooms 4 days a week and still loved it! The resort has all you can get on the strip for the most part (fine dining, casino, spa, shops) and it is done high end, but WITHOUT THE CROWDS. The place was very relaxing. We didn't have time to partake in all of the golfing available, but that is definatly right in your back yard.The hotel did a great job making us feel very welcomed and the bride special even though it was a non-traditional wedding and small with only four people. The staff was very friendly and welcoming throughout.We partied at the Irish pub that night, they had a fun band, and I even made a business contact! The other couple had a good time by themselves at the cigar bar....ie. plenty of opportunity to unwind at night.The bathrooms were definatly a highlight. The double vanity gave, if you can imagine, two pre-wedding women plenty of room to get ready. I loved the jacuzzi and had the best shower of my life with the rainfall shower. Funny, but it seems the bathroom made the experience very nice for us.Didn't experience much because of the time of year, but the pool was large, grounds clean and neat, cabanas...pool bar. Again everything you will get on the strip.Even with all of the choices in Vegas we plan go go back again.One VERY IMPORTANT thing. If you are in the travel industry..LET THEM KNOW. They will give you a better rate. Ours was $150/nt on a weekend, normally $350. (Bring your ID) Very competitive for a weekend with that quality in Vegas.	
Mar 15 2006	Excellent Choice	I stayed at the JW Marriott on March 10 thru March 12, and I must say I was extremely impressed with the overall appearance, service, and value I received from the JW Marriott. I usually stay on The Strip when visiting Las Vegas (usually either at Ceasars Palace, or the Mirage), but had heard many wonderful things about the Marriott. The rooms were very large, with soft, warm down comforters and about five pillows on the bed. The bathrooms included two vanity sinks, extra large bath with whirlpool jets, and a wonderful rainfall shower. The hotel is located about 15 minutes from the strip, but offers a complementary shuttle to and from the strip that runs about 5-6 times over the course of the afternoon and evening. The casino is located away from the guest rooms, which is nice. There are several dining choices located with in the hotel. I ate at the Irish pub a couple of times and the food was great. Anyone who is looking for a great hotel located away from the hustle and bustle of the strip would be wise to give the J.W. Marriott a try.	
Mar 7 2006	Good Value for Different Vegas Experience	Stayed for family vacation. We rented 3 rooms. The hotel is great. Clean, well manicured, comfortable. The rooms are huge. The beds were better than any hotel beds I have slept in (and I've slept in a lot). Bathroom is huge with double vanity sinks and rain shower with separate jacuzzi tubs. All accessories are present. The rooms all have coolers but really could be replaced with fridges. Hotel Restaurant--Ceres--has an excellent brunch and is a great value. Also drank their one afternoon which was also great value. On the down side, the casino restaurants are not as good--especially the cafe. There are no tennis courts on the property (something that is very misleading if you look at the website). There is tons of golf around including TPC Canyons right across the street. Great location to Red Rock Canyon which has great hiking. Views of the golf course are the best. The courtyard views suck and the hotel doesn't acknowledge that. Also, the hotel chintzes out on really basic stuff. There is a nice gym in the spa but it costs $25. The hotel exercise room has one treadmill, one universal weight machine and one bike. The casino attached is not as big as the Vegas casinos, but is nice and accessible. No poker but most other table games.	
Feb 24 2006	What a hotel	My wife and I stayed Feb 17 to the 19th. The bed was very comfortable. The room, 3227, was clean and neat. Hotel staff were,5 star, friendly. Didn't have chance to use any of the amenties, golf, sauna,etc it was to cold. The grounds were kept clean. There wasn't even trash or cigg butts any where inside or outside of the hotel. They even have a 24 hour Starbuck's in the hotel,which my wife visited often. If you stay Monday it's steak night. The Sunday breakfast buffet was good. They had crab, omellettes, fruit, Champagne and much more for 14.00 a person. The only problem with the room was that the French doors looking out over the grounds leaked in cold air.Would I stay there again? Yes we are.	
Feb 21 2006	Loved It!	Sorry it took me so long to write this review. I'm going to make this one very simple. This hotel is excellent. Me my husband and mother n law stayed here one night b/c our hotel at the strip wanted to much money for the night we wanted to originally arrive. This hotel is was a breath of fresh air. I loved the views and the just the whole vibe. The attendants at check-in were very courteous and quick. I don't think we spent more than 5 minutes at the counter. We were given a map of the hotel to advise where everything was. We ate at a resturant on site and the prices were very reasonable. We order bacon wrapped prawns and let me tell you it's worth every penny. Oh and there is a Starbucks on site. So if you want that latte, go for it. The pool was an nice size. There's a little water fall that you can stand under. It's real cute. The beds are very comfy. Also the bathroom has a marble shower and jacuzzi tub. All in all, this was a great experience. The JW Marriott is worth every penny.	
Feb 15 2006	Leaving Las Vegas	My wife and I recently returned from this hotel, questioning our opinion of the Marriott brand. In the plus side: staff were very friendly and helpful, food was good,price was good for LV ($233/night)for a large room. Problems were primarily maintenance related: floor (carpet) in room was filthy (cellophane wrapper, corn chip crumbs, fake eyelash, general dirt). Asked three times to have it vacuumed and when it was finally done, done very haphazardly and incomplete. One of the bathroom sink stoppers was broken and never fixed. The refrig in the room is actually only a cooler and you must add ice to keep things cool. Very poor for a 4 star hotel. We would give it another chance if the price was good, but were sadly disappointed with the service.	
Jan 2 2006	Beautiful and cosy..	I have traveled to more than 200 cities all over the world. As I remember, this resort has the best bathroom I have ever had. I do not know why it is rated 4 star hotel at all. Simply deserves 5 star and more! I had high expectations as I read all reviews on this hotel and my expectation was happily met. I stayed four different hotels in Vegas: JW Marriot resort, TI, Luxor, and Aladdin. so I might be able to give an unbiased review.1. Bathroom: Jacuzzi for two. huge. clean. 2. Bed: Very nice bed for those who love soft bed. I prefer Heavenly bed in Westin though. (I even ordered the bed from Westin for my own place.) But still nothing to be desired. a lot better bedding than normal 4 or 5 star hotel bed. 3. view: very nice mountain view. 4. Food: every restaurant is cheaper than those in Strip. for example, $9 here for breakfast vs. $13 in Strip. 5. Service: no complaint. front desk staffs were professional although I wish they would be more genuinely friendly like those in Aladdin.6. Casino: I am not a big gambler - that is why I stayed at the hotel. But the dealers at the Casino kindly taught me how to play. I really appreciate their kindness. very nice to talk to. 7. Transportation: $35 by Taxi. complimentary shuttle. last one from Strip is 11:30 pm which is way too early. The hotel needs to extend the shuttle time. Overall, I would love to stay if I visit Vegas with my boyfriend. Lovely bed and bathroom. Once I learned how to gamble, I probably will stay on Strip if I go myself. I already plan another trip to Vegas in Jan and made a reservation at Venetian this time.	
Jan 1 2006	Had Greater Expectations	Even though we had multiple communications with the hotel property prior to arrival, problems existed at check-in. We were given rooms above the parking lot, and after some aggressive discussion we tried another location. We eventually were given rooms consistent with what we had expected, except that the rooms were connected by a storage room in which plumbing pipes sounded off all night. The front desk did offer us a suite, but could not supply three proper beds, which we had reserved and requested, so we put up with the plumbing noises, which the desk staff refused to admit, while the maintenace people confirmed the consistent problem. The property is spacious and beautiful, but we were not told in advance that the pool area was closed, as well as the adjoning restaurants and bars, and parts of the outside were undergoing construction. Perhaps at another time of the year when the hotel is fully booked, this property will live up to the expectations expressed by other travelers. Even if you speak up, there is an intrinsic resistance for the staff to understand, let alone acquiese to reasonable requests. The restaurants are adequate, but the service is spotty, since most of the restaurants are independently operated at the adjoining casino. We also suspect that this property has a bias against hotel room consolidators and online travel agencies.	
Dec 28 2005	Excellent for a relaxing trip to Las Vegas	My husband and I stayed 4 nights, based on other trip advisor reviews. We loved the resort! Everyone was friendly, the room was perfect &amp; quiet, and the food was excellent. We stayed on a high floor in the palm tower, expecting a beautiful view - the mountains were pretty, but the closest view was of the roof of the other buildings. Room service breakfast was fabulous but we didn't get our free paper every morning. We enjoyed breakfast and lunch in the restaurant - they brought me a free dessert when they learned it was my birthday. All the waitstaff were very friendly. This hotel is inconvenient to the Strip, so not the place to stay if you want to spend most of your time in Vegas, but it's perfect if you just want to 'visit' Vegas. We took the shuttle in every evening (which only picks up every 2 hours and stops at 11:30 pm - way too early in my opinion). The taxis back to the hotel cost about $35 with tip. The hotel casino is small but sufficient for a few hours - the dealers weren't as professional and made a couple payout mistakes, but had no problem correcting them.	
Dec 27 2005	Perfect Getaway	The JW Marriott exceeded our expectations! The room was very big, ultra-clean and nicely decorated. The bathrooms are huge, with a wonderful rainfall showerhead and seperate jacuzzi tub (for 2!). The staff was friendly and helpful. We even got free cookies delivered to the room (it was Xmas Eve). The 24-hour Starbucks is a nice plus.Note, you most likely will need a car to enjoy the location. It is about 10 miles off the strip (a 20-minute drive w/o traffic). For us, this was perfect. The proximity to Red Rocks Canyon meant that our days were spent hiking, we'd come back to the hotel to relax, and evenings were spent on the Strip. Safe travels everyone!	
Dec 25 2005	Great off-strip hotel	I stayed one night for free on December 23 with a certificate from Marriott. There was no check-in line, and I got a room with a view of Red Rock Canyon in Palm Tower. The downside is that I had to walk through the casino and past several restaurants to get there. Although rated 4-star in some websites, it certainly has amenities like 5-star hotels. The room is huge. You can choose the size and firmness you like from three different sets of pillows. Two people can get things done more quickly before and after bed with features like separate shower and Jacuzzi, two sets of sinks, separate door for lavatory. I didn't try any restaurants in this hotel, but the casino was smoky and the pay-off for the video poker games wasn't good. By the time I got back my room in the evening, two pieces of chocolate were on my pillow. It wasn't much, but the guesture was just as sweet as the candy. The next morning when I was ready to leave the room, I found a receipt in my door. Following its instruction, I used express checkout by calling and leaving the key in the room, thus saved myself a long walk to the front desk.Over all, this is a very nice and quite place. I feel more like in a Southern California resort than in Vegas. If you like quiteness and luxury and don't mind a 15-20 minutes drive to the strip, this is the place to stay.	
Nov 30 2005	On and Off the Strip	We stayed off the stip this time...at the JW Marriott in Summerlin. The hotel was BEAUTIFUL and the room was spacious and clean. The pools were lovely and service was great.We enjoyed the Celine Dion concert and time off the strip as well. Las Vegas is a great place no matter your age, mood, or financial situation.	
Nov 28 2005	Thanksgiving Holiday Review	This is a review of the Thanksgiving Holiday -reviewing both Las Vegas and the JW Marriott. FYI, I am a travel agent in my early 40s and my boyfriend is an executive in his early 50s. We have stayed just about everywhere in Las Vegas. Wednesday, November 23rdTaxi ride from Bellagio was approx. $32.00. We arrived at 1:30pm and were given a room right away. Easy, quick check-in. The staff was friendly and helpful. Rooms were very nice and large. The best things about the room were 1) you could open the French doors to a walk out balcony therefore letting you have fresh air (unlike strip hotels) and 2) the very large bathroom with a real nice Jacuzzi tub for two and a large shower big enough for two. The hotel is done in a California craftsman/mission style with nice wood touches all over the place. Casino was adequate and large enough. Dining choices were varied and seemed adequate as well. Beds were very comfortable and it was nice to have free bottled water and robes in the room.We had lunch at their Irish pub restaurant which was good and inexpensive. We also had breakfast there on Friday and it was about  the price as room service and less expensive then their 24 hour restaurant. Service was good too. A 24 hour Starbucks was next door.We took advantage of their complimentary shuttle (several times a day) at 5pm and reached Macys - their drop off point at 5:20pm. We walked to Paris to see their We Will Rock You Broadway style show which was very good at 90 minutes long. Note: buy the cheapest tickets as all seats seemed great. We got the most expensive which in hindsight would not have opted for. After that, a little gambling at MGM then back to Macys for the Marriotts last pick up at 11:30pm. Each time we took the shuttle it was on time, precisely.Thursday, November 24thAfter sleeping in and having in-room coffee (bad coffee though) we ventured out to the pool to have lunch. The weather was nice and the pool and Jacuzzi were both working and of perfect temperature. There was no towel Nazis to check your towels out and there were plenty of loungers around the pool. The only disappointment is that for that level of Marriott (JW status) the pool chaises should have cushions on them for comfort. Trying to obtain service at the pool was difficult at first but perhaps they did not plan on having such nice weather on Thanksgiving and were short staffed. We both had enormous Bloody Marys and split a chicken sandwich at the pool. Beware you are paying room service prices at the pool which add $2 per order fee plus, I believe, an 18% service charge added on too. We took the 5pm shuttle again and were dropped off at the pitch black Macys parking lot. We picked up a cab right away and went to THEhotel at Mandalay Bay for some perfect view cocktails at their indoor/outdoor lounge high up overlooking Las Vegas. There was a very nice crowd there. We sat outside on their couches, heat lamps and all and enjoyed some pre-Thanksgiving dinner cocktails. Drinks ran about $12.00 each.We had the Thanksgiving Special dinner at MIX, THEhotel. It was sticker shock as my travel mate did not ask the price when he made reservations. $105.00 per person plus beverages and gratuities. Lots of green for a free range four course turkey dinner. Had I known that I would have opted for the less traditional lobster dinner. Wine list was nice and dinner was good but service was a bit much - way overdone! View was nice and we ate in a pod. You must see the pods for yourself!Full, we took a taxi back to hotel instead of their shuttle. Once we got back we ventured into the casino and lost. Back to bed!Friday, November 25thWe requested late check out as we had a 3pm flight out. They granted it and then we secured their shuttle at $20/per person back to the airport. The tower representative was kind enough to take care of that and then she went on line for us to print out our boarding passes.Check out was easy as well and the airport showed up right on the minute. Hotel SummaryI would recommend this hotel to those who want to get away from the hectic strip and those not minding to take the shuttle at Marriotts appointed time. If you are late nighter - stay on the strip. The hotel is great for families and couples but not for those who like their in-house entertainment. Service was good, rooms were great!	
Nov 28 2005	Best place to stay in Vegas!	We recently stayed at the JW Marriott Las Vegas for the Thanksgiving holiday from Nov.23-26th. We are a family of 4 with 2 toddlers. We've stayed all over Las Vegas and continue to return to the JW because the rooms are spacious, the pool is one of the best in Vegas, we feel welcome with our kids in tow, and the service is spectacular!THE ROOM: We were lucky enough to get a complimentary stay in a 2 bedroom suite in the Palm Tower this trip due to the kindness of one of the Guest Relations Managers. This room was absolutely amazing!!!! It was over 2000 Sq. feet, with a huge master bedroom with king bed, desk and walk in closet, a master bath with seperate rain show and double sinks. There was a second bedroom also with a king bed, it's own bathroom with seperate tub and rain shower too. The entry included a nice bench and led to the bar area with mini fridge, sink area and barstools. There was a dining area with table &amp; chairs for 6, a living area with 2 sofas, a few chairs and a chaise. There are also entertainment centers in each of the rooms, each with a nice TV. There is a small powder room just off of the entry, so you have a total of 3 bathrooms. These rooms are at the far ends of the hallways and they take up the entire length of the hotel end, there is a large verandah that stretches all the way around the room, it has 2 chaises and a table and 4 chairs for lounging or having meals outside. Each room also had it's own seperate thermostat and temperature controls and ceiling fans too. This was the most amazing room we've ever stayed in. The pictures don't do it justice, it was too big to photograph!THE POOL: This pool is huge and heated, it's one of the best pools in Vegas, surrounded by palm trees, waterfalls, cabanas, and plenty of lounge chairs. There are also life guards on duty. You will also find 2 jaccuzis at either end of the pool. The poolside bar is closed at this time of year, but when we've come in the summer they serve great drinks and food at very reasonable prices.THE FOOD: We were given complimentary breakfast buffet at Cerces each morning of our stay. They also have a menu for those of you who don't enjoy a buffet. The buffet includes, pancakes, waffles, omlettes, eggs, sausage, bacon, crepes, blintzs, potatoes, cereals - hot &amp; cold, fruit, lox &amp; bages, pastries, I probably forgot a few things, but it's a really great buffet. We also did room service Thanksgiving morning and had a nice meal out on the verandah. The room service menu is ok, but slightly limited. They do have a nice children't menu and prices are average. We also ventured to the onsite Starbucks several times for hot chocolate, pastries, sandwiches, and chips. There is also an Irish pub onsite, and Japanese, and Italian restaurants. All are located in the Palm Tower except for Cerces which is in the Spa Tower.THE CASINO: We aren't big gamblers, we didn't even venture into the casino this stay. It's small compared to others in Vegas and very smoky, but if you're staying on site it's a nice alternative to the 20 minute drive to the strip.THE SERVICE: Everyone here is so nice, from the valets to housekeeping. This is our favorite place to stay in Vegas, it's nice to be away from the strip and really enjoy your vacation away from the crowds! Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!	
Nov 23 2005	Simply Wonderful	The rave reviews are all true-&gt; what a wonderful resort! Just returned from a three night stay, and the hotel was everything my wife and I had hoped for. Beautiful property with a great staff. Can't see us staying at any other hotel for our future trips to Vegas...	
Nov 8 2005	Romantic and relaxing resort	My husband and I have recently returned from a three night stay at the JW Marriott and couldn't be happier with the experience. We had a late arrival on a Thursday night, and while they accidentally put us ina room with two queen beds (not what we reserved), they corrected it quickly and gave us the correct room on the 5th floor of the Spa Tower.The room was enormous, almost 600 square feet, with a very large marble-tiled bath (with a jacuzzi tub that could fit two and a rain fall shower), walk-in closet with safe, a mini-fridge with complimentary bottled water, EXCELLENT bed with top-quality linens, and truffles and mints on the bed to greet us. French doors opened to a view of the rocks and cascading water below, as well as the nearby golf course (one of several nearby) and the mountain range in the distance.We had a wonderful time at the casino, using the vast pool, booking a round of golf for my husband at the TPC-Canyons course (about $200.00, but much more reasonable than the Wynn on the Strip). The complimentary breakfast at the Ceres restaurant was excellent and the service was great. No one rushed us or shut anything down, even when we came in once close to the end of the breakfast period.Other activities included the drive through Red Rock Canyon and of course, visiting the Strip. This leads to the only slight negative - if you are planning to be on the Strip a lot, this is not the place for you, because of the traffic on 95, 15 and the Strip itself. If you can only take a bit of all that hoopla and want some relaxation, this is definitely the place to be.The staff was attentive (thanks, valets!), the landscaping, architecture, and decor was tasteful and lovely (fragrant plants, and no bad views out any window), the desk staff and concierge service was timely, friendly and helpful. I look forward to staying here again!	
Oct 31 2005	Relaxing Environment	Spent last weekend at the JW Marriott Las Vegas and had a great time. The rooms are large and have fantastic bathrooms with seperate showers. The pool area is beautiful and well maintained. The Spa/gym are both nice. It is a great place to stay in Vegas and be out of the Strip Scene.	
Oct 31 2005	Wonderful stay (and wedding!) at the JW Marriott	We were married at the JW Marriott a few weeks ago and had an absolutely incredible experience. The hotel is beautiful, the pool is very tranquil and it was perfect in terms of being able to relax with family and friends who were also staying at the hotel. The staff was very accomodating and went out of their way to make sure everything went smoothly. The wedding coordinator was so helpful and made planning a long-distance wedding easy. She was great! We would definitely recommend the resort for a wedding or for a vacation. It only took us 15 min. to get to the strip and the resort is also very close to the red rock canyon, which is beautiful! We loved staying at the JW b/c we had the best of both worlds. Close to all the fun on the strip and far enough that you feel like you are really on a vacation.We did not eat in all of the restaurants, but had the breakfast buffet at Ceres (which was great and worth the money). We also had the wedding reception in Ceres which is beautiful at night and the food was delicious. We had our rehearsal dinner at Speidini and the food there was very good as well. If you are into golf, there are about 5 courses in very close proximity to the JW and they are great courses!!We would also highly recommend the spa. They did a great job with hair and the spa pedicure is soooooo relaxing!!	
Oct 25 2005	Absolutely unbelievable place! Perfect in every way!!!	Check in was a breeze, they cater to your every need. Breakfast buffet was amazing. Omelet station and waffle station....chefs went out of their way to get to know you and ask how you were and if there were any recommendations they could make for sightseeing. Rooms were amazing, jacuzzi tub with separate rain shower and down comforters on the bed....600 square feet in the room! Ate at the Irish place, good food. Ate at the Italian place Speidini, excellent!!! Cigar bar was nice for an after dinner drink. Pool was beautiful. Resort was just far enough away from the madness of the strip. I won this trip through work and could have stayed anywhere and looked at many hotels on the strip...none were comparable to the JW!!!! You will not be disappointed!	
Oct 23 2005	Perfect Hotel --	Had a concern when we arrived and they gave us a room without a view. Yes, we are one of those who stay at Marriott's often and expect the elite membership to mean something. After going back down to the front desk and talking to the manager, all was worked out. We had a message at the spa and it was wonderful. Highly recommend going at least and hour earlier. The pools, sauna, steam room were so relaxing. They even have an outdoor pool for spa guests...could actually spend the whole afternoon in such a tranquil environment.The casino is small, but we did well on craps and slots. The crap table is quiet...not like LV casinos.Ate with gradkids at the pub, good food and fine for children.	
Oct 16 2005	Yet another perfect stay	Stayed here for 5 nights last year, and booked in for another 5 this year. We had stayed at the MGM Grand for 6 nights prior to these 5 nights which started early October. Last year we stayed at the Palm tower (or whichever one hasn't got the main reception). This time, we checked in. I had the 1st night reserved through a travel agent, and the next 4 nights through priceline ($93 a night). No problem tagging the reservation together (just like last year). We were on the 6th floor with French doors opening up and looking over the golf course between the JW and the Suncoast and also the mountains. The room was a slightly different layout but still spotlessly clean. The carpet had slight stains in them but while we were there they were replacing all carpets so we must've seen them at their worst anyway. There were 3 weddings there the day we checked in and reception were helpful in telling us a quick route to the pool not ruining someones big day. Had a couple of parcels sent to the hotel, no charge. Toll free calls are free, MGM charged me when I made toll free calls. Valets very polite, open doors, etc. Jessica on reception was exceptionally happy, polite and helpful. Didn't eat at the hotel this time but did pop along to PF Changs just a bit further down on Rampart. Went along at about 10pm Saturday, had to wait about 20 minutes but had a nice meal. The strip in Vegas can really do your head in after a while and this is the perfect place to chill and relax. I have some pics to add when I get them off the digicam.	
Oct 15 2005	Agree with everyone else excellent	I can't really add much to what's already been said, warm, friendly staff. I only have one criticism - the Sushi bar was awful. but the Ceris restaurant, whilst not cheap, was first class.	
Oct 14 2005 	JW Marriott is heaven on earth	Wow, what a place. Check-in took 2 minutes and I stayed on the 7th floor...beautiful views. Used priceline and scored the room for $95 dollars, unbelievable deal.I was traveling with my wife and our 7 year old. This is a great spot for kids. Pool has waterfalls and all the amenities. My only complaint is that the pool closes each night at 8 PM, seems a little early....The hot tubs are open all night, very clean and nice.The rooms are immaculate. Bathroom is extra large, and a nice big desk to work from. Beds were very comfortable.The casino was excellent. I stayed on the strip for the rest of the week, but really missed the Rampart. Small and not smokey. Dealers were very friendly and I walked with over $700 in my pocket. Only casino that I won at all week. Next time I will consider staying here all week. The buffet was excellent, comparable to anything on the strip.	
Oct 12 2005	Loved the JW Marriott	Me and my wife stayed at the JW Marriott from Oct 7th to the 9th, for 2 nights. It was our first trip there, and we were very pleased. The resort is located in Summerlin, right next to Angel Park golf course, and is about 20 minutes from the strip with no traffic. You might hit some traffic, so depending on the time of day you are driving, be prepared. We had a car, so it was fine, but it might take a while by cab from the airport.Checkin was quick and easy, and we self parked, although valet is free, just tip the guys. The hotel is very nicely decorated, and the grounds are nice. The room was pretty large, and everything was clean and tidy. The bathroom was a good size, with separate shower and jacuzzi bath tub big enough for 2.We ate at the Italian restaurant(forget the name, sorry), which was not too expensive, and tasted good, and the Irish Pub and also the cafe. The Irish Pub had a great chicken pot pie. We paid $20 each to use the fitness and spa facilities on Saturday, which is very much worth the money. We worked out for almost an hour in a fitness center that had hardly anyone in it, and then swam in a private pool just outside the fitness center. This pool is for spa users only, and was a perfectly warm temperature. As a matter of fact, the regular pool was also nice and warm, perfect for a swim(FYI). We then used the spa hot tub, steam room, showers, and lounge. They have cold water and juice for you.. wow it was relaxing.The casino was smallish, but still had plenty of games, and some $5 blackjack, which is what I would play if I had played blackjack. I didn't gamble since all the football games were on, but the casino is nice enough, and you still get the Vegas feel.All in all, a great trip, and I would recommmend this place to anyone.Oh, and although this place was listed as a resort, there wasn't that $10 or $14 resort fee that some places like the Hyatts charge, although since they don't have that fee, they do charge for the fitness/spa usage.	
Oct 11 2005	Absolutely Gorgeous	This is one fabulous hotel. Believe ALL the reviews that say it is topshelf luxury. Rooms were lovely, bathrooms were huge, public areas and pool absolutely spectacular. The restaurants were just average. The drive time to The Strip is about 25 minutes. You will be REAL GLAD to have this oasis to return to.	
Oct 5 2005	EXCELLENT JAPANESE RESTAURANT AT THE JW MARRIOTT	I am a frequent visitor to the J.W. Marriott Resort, Spa and Golf Hotel, however, I have never stayed there. I love to gamble and dine there. I love the atmosphere and service. The grounds are beautiful and the decor very elegant and tasteful. I would highly recommend a trip out to the hotel, if anything, just to dine there. The Rampart Cafe was good. The Shizen Japanese Restaurant was awesome! Great tasting food! Large portions and a variety of combinations. The teppanyaki chefs were entertaining and put on a great show. The sushi and sashimi was so fresh! The sushi menu is very extensive and my favorite is the &quot;volcano&quot;! It was very tasty. They have so much to choose from. I highly recommend Shizen. Next time, I hope to stay there! I keep hearing great things about the rooms.	
Sep 21 2005	the fourth stay	we went back to the beautiful JW and this was the best trip to date. I asked for the ground floor room with large patio and got it. Staff was friendlier this time, no problems. I didn't like the trick of &quot;you won a prize, on my door to later find out they were promoting Marriott properties, but that is business. I wish there were more choices for food, either just ok and slow at the Promade and Irish Pub, to expensive. If you don't rent a car, transportation is also a problem from the airport. I rented a town car through the hotel, but $60$ one way. The JW should help, run a shuttle. Rooms are large and quiet. Pool was greats under the 100 temps. Like all casinos, it is hard to find old but true video poker or red, white, blue machines that offer a chance. If you like to be away from the crowds and noise of the strip, the Marriott is for you. Probably not kid set up, but great for relaxing and a leisure pace.	
Sep 14 2005	Terrific Hotel Highly Recommended	Everything about this hotel is terrific...and is a nice change from staying at The Strip.Rooms and grounds are well maintained, staff is wonderful and the restaurants in the hotel are excellent and quite inexpensive.Also appreciated is the location of the casino...away from the hotel itself.The grassy area around the pool is great on hot days. There is also a 24 hr Starbucks. The adjacent golf course is excellent.Contrary to the reviewer on Sept 6...this is as nice as any of the other JW's that we have stayed at both in the US and internationally and is among our top 2 or 3 choices for a stay in Las Vegas.A car is needed to enjoy the location...lots of shopping and restaurants nearby. Highly recommended.	
Sep 13 2005	We Love JW Marriott!	Now this is a great hotel....When we arrived It was 3am because our flight was delayed and we had problems getting our rental car at the airport...Damn Hertz Luxury Car!! But when we got there ...they upgraded us to Penthouse Suite..WOW.....this place was bigger than my house...views for miles...and great beds...big tub in bathroom...and Downstairs...At the Casino...forget the strip..They will rob you..We won almost 1500.00 bucks there...and lost 1/2 of the on the strip..Stay here and play downstairs...You will have a blast...!!!! We are going back for sure...Forget the Strip ....That is for tourists..This is a great place to relax and enjoy the West...Also take a ride out to the caynons..That was amazing..:)	
Sep 8 2005	A very nice hotel . . .	We have stayed at the JW Las Vegas several times. We have enjoyed it very much each time, and this trip was no exception.The grounds are lovely, yet convenient to shopping and restaurants. There are several restaurants on the property. The only one we ate at this trip was the Japanese restaurant and it was very good. We had a lovely suite. It was clean and luxurious, although not exceptional (hence the 4 stars rather than 5). Nevertheless, the room was lovely and comfortable, and the bathroom was exceptional with a large jacuzzi tub and a rain shower.The attached Ramparts Casino is not huge, but there are several tables as well as a wide variety of slots and video poker. It's seldom crowded or smokey. The much larger Suncoast Casino is right next door.If you are new to Las Vegas or love the lights and crowds, I would definitely not recommed the JW. If you have been to Vegas several times, however, you may enjoy the JW as a change of pace. It's easy to get to the strip as long as you are wise about when you travel. Non-rush hour travel to the strip takes about 15 minutes. Rush hour travel would take SIGNIFICANTLY longer.	
Sep 6 2005	Substandard Hotel!	This is the worst hotel I have stayed at within the JW Marriott brand. All of the food throughout the hotel was awful! I would not even feed it to my two dogs! The quaility of room was bad. The furniture was in need of repairs. bathroom dirty. the bed sheets were not clean, and they were never chanaged. All they did was remake the bed. This is a substandard property.	
Aug 31 2005	Forget the strip	Great hotel, casino not the largest but enough. Incredible pool, qulaity food. free shuttle to the strip lots of times daily. Rooms huge and very clean	
Aug 29 2005 	An Oasis off the Strip!!	I did not stay at this hotel but my boyfriend was there for a conference while we stayed at the MGM. Since he was busy with meetings all day I decided to come with him and use the pool facilities. The management had no trouble what so ever and was nice enough to add my name to the list so no one would hassle me. When I arrived at the pool area and hotel my breathe was taken. It was gorgeous. Full of palm trees and tropical covered walkways. The pool had enough lounges and cabanas to use. When I asked for a towel I had explained I am not staying there and no questions were asked and I was told to enjoy my visit. In the background was wonderful Hawaaiin music sung by authentic muscisians. The pool is huge and has a great waterfall that you can walk under. Also the casino is a bit smaller but if your willing to travel off the strip the tables are lower and the dealers are willing to explain any card game if they're not busy. Theres tons of evidence that shows how this hotel is rated #1 in Vegas!	
Aug 25 2005	Very refreshing 	First off, if you're looking for the hustle and bustle of the strip, this is not the hotel for you. On the other hand, if you want a nice relaxing experience then this is the hotel for you. I stayed at &quot;The Hotel&quot; at the Mandalay Bay earlier this summer and found out what a joke that place was (doesn't surprise me it's now down to the #3 rating as their service is a joke). I would suggest the employees there take some notes from the Marriott on how 5 Star service should really be. Let's start with the valet. I used it throughout my stay and I think the longest wait was 2 minutes. Upon check-in we were greeted nicely and someone even called up to our room in the first 10 minutes to make sure everything was to our liking. The pool was quite nice and there were cabanas that were reasonably price ($50 for a half day on the weekdays). If you needed an umbrella, you just asked one of the staff and they would put it up for you right over your lounge chair. Ironically, it's nestled in the suburbs and there are tons of stores in the vicinity and some excellent restaurants. We went to Rosemary's (about a ten minute drive) and had one of the best dinners ever. As for the drive to the strip, someone quoted here it took them 4 hours?! I'm not sure what that was about. Unless some tanker flipped over, realistically you're talking about 25 minutes. You simply hop on to Summerlin Pkwy and then over to I95 and you're pretty much on the freeway the entire drive. I think what's happening with some of the posters here is they are taking the surface roads and that's why it's taking so long. Anyway, had a marvelous time and will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 24 2005	Loved This Hotel!!!	This hotel is fantastic. Great way to end a week in Vegas. We spent the week on the strip and moved over to the Marriott for the weekend. We had a car, so getting around was easy. This property is located in a beautiful area of Vegas, with great restaurants and shopping close by, and the strip is only approximately 15 miles away. The staff is wonderful, the rooms are great, and the pool is the best. No crowds to deal with, very relaxing. We truly enjoyed ourselves at the J.W. Marriott, and would definetly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 21 2005 	What a great place for a conference	My 3 friends and I stayed here 4 nights last week for a Nursing conference. What an incredible place-a true 5 star hotel-from the wonderful customer service&amp;clean roomsto the bathrooms you never want to leave. The jacuzzi and the rainfall shower head made it hard to leave each morning, but afterall we did need to attend the conference. You would think that it would be difficult to feed and house 825 nurses, but the JW Marriott rules! Never did it feel crowded nor did we have to stand in line. The food there was outstanding whether it was at the conference or in their 24 hour cafe. I thought being off the Strip would be a challenge for three hard core gamblers and one want-to-be gambler, but the Ramparts Casino was great fun. It certainly kept us occupied when we weren't in one of the many rooms listening to one of our well known speakers. The casino had a variety of slots, most were multi-denomination machines which seem to be the new trend in Vegas. Overall, we all felt these slots were looser than most of the Strips slots.It was very easy to find yourway around this goregous property, from the waterfalls throughout the property to the enormous pool-which by the way was not crowded. The pool has a waterfall that provides you with a free back and shoulder massage if you stand directly underneath it. There is a small restaurant with poolside service provided- the food here was also fabulous.To be honest, I can't think of one thing that was negative except it will be difficult to stay in another hotel that doesn't add up to the JW Marriott!	
Aug 20 2005	Excellent place to relax after the strip	After three nights in Ballys on the strip the JW Marriott was a revelation. Although there was no room available when we arrived at 3PM my wife and I were offered free passes to the spa for the duration of our stay - excellent facilities. The rooms are absolutely massive and luxurious. Wonderful view of the mountains and nice choice of air conditioning or fan. Was nice to turn air conditioning off for once. The bathrooms are amazing, including the rain room and jacuzzi. Try the bathrobes - very nice. Most people seemed to agree as they were walking around the pool in them. The pool is fantastic. Good service, plenty of space to relax. You couldn't actually swim in the pool - too shallow/busy but was ideal to cool off. Water coolers available around the pool. The restaurants/bars on site are good. We enjoyed nice food at the Italian restaurant and Irish pub. The buffet is huge but we hated it but not because of the food but theconcept. We have never seen people waste so much food - horrific. The only downside is the cost of transfers. Expect to pay 40 dollars from the strip in a taxi. The hotel did offer to pick us up from the Fashion Mall for free but we did not fancy taking our bags up the strip mid afternoon. One complaint was airport transfers. We were happy to see that the hotel provides a shuttle to the aiport hourly from 5am. However this does cost 20 dollars per person. We thought this was a little unnecessary given the fact that they provide a free shuttle to the strip!!! Overall excellent.	
Aug 16 2005	An oasis in the wild world of Las Vegas	After 2 frantic days on the strip at New York, New York, it was a pleasure to spend 5 nights at the J.W. Marriott. This resort is an oasis in the wild world of Las Vegas. The pool area was excellent, the staff was pleasant and our room was large and well-appointed, with a great bathroom and super shower. The Italian restaurant served terrific food, and the Irish pub was great fun. The casino is low key, but there are plenty of machines and table games to keep players occupied. Obviously, my experience differed from that of other recent reviewers, but this is our third visit, and we have always had positive experiences. It is important for prospective guests to understand that this is a relatively quiet and elegant resort, located 20 minutes west of the Strip. A car is necessary to enjoy being in this location. (Check out Red Rock Canyon for a great day outdoors.) If this is the type of vacation environment that you are looking for, the J.W. Marriott is the right choice.	
Aug 16 2005	Nice Place.	This is a very nice resort outside of Las vegas. We enjoyed our stay here very much. Not a good place to stay if you want to go to the strip, but if you want something more quiet this is the place.The property is HUGE. And we found it best and easier to just stay at the resort. The rooms are very large and elegant, and the bathroom is enormous! We had a Junior suite that is 840 sqft large enough for a small family. My only gripes with the room was the weird air conditioning system that automatically turns off when you open the front door which we had a hard time with and had to call the front desk about.Also if you are traveling with kids make sure to order up rollaway beds its free. We tried the pub downstairs near the casino and also the cafe. we enjoyed both,the food was good and very reasonably priced. (try the HUGEhamburger at the cafe and share,its the biggest hamburger you'll ever see it was great for $8!) The hotel right next door,The Suncoast,is a great place to catch a movie. There is also a great safe child play area for little kids that charges by the hour to entertain your kids while you enjoy the casino or a movie. We didn't try this since our kids are older. But its worth looking into.We didn't have time to try the spa but next time my husband and I travel without the kids we'll be sure to try it.	
Aug 15 2005	Justified ranking	Stayed for 2 nights (thur &amp; fri) in August. Rooms: Large and clean w/comfortable beds, nice view of the golf course, large bath area with jacuzzi tub, shower w/rainfall head and separate toilet closet. Staff: friendly front desk people, very nice car valets, honest housekeeping (I left a tip on the desk, but she wasn't sure it was a tip so she left it with a note). Resort: very nice pool/waterfall area, casino area was not overly smokey (good ventilation?), buffet was avg, Italian place was below avg (pork and chicken dishes were dry), cafe food was avg/grumpy waitress was below avg. I would stay here again, but I would probably go to outside restaurants I discovered after departing (Cheesecake Fac, Kona Grill, PF Changs, Claim Jumper, Buca di Beppo, Macaroni Grill, Joe's Crab Shack...)	
Aug 12 2005	empty dirty dark room	arrived at the hotel at 9 p m.had booked a room in the palm tower high floor. room was a long walk. when we opened the door the room was dark. stains on the carpet and chipped furniture. no view from window except a palm tree touching the window. spoke to reception and was told no other rooms available.she told us to stay in this room for one night and said she would find us a better room the following day. we were not happy with this.she told us rooms were being renovated and she admitted this was a bad room. we were upset because we had booked four nights plus other extras e g cabanas on all the days plus treatments for myself my husband and son. we decided to check out the same night. night staff were not interested in customer relations. we checked into the mandalay bay which was perfect. just to say we had booked this hotel 6 months prior to stay and was told we would have a lovely room facing the golf course. we even phoned two days before arriving to confirm this. so you can imagine how upsetting the whole experience was at the j w .	
Aug 11 2005	quiet place not much for kids	We had a standard 2 queen room for 4 nights.The room was large but not very impressive. (Have stayed at many 5 star resorts)Furnishings:2 queen beds with what appeared to be faded orange bedspreadsa nite stand between the bedsone work desk with a chair on each sidea TV cabinet with drawersa dorm size white fridge in the corner of the room (not a nice decorative touch)Lots of floor spaceThe room appeared clean except for a light amount of dust on the lamp base.functional french doors (with a past guests kiss marks on the glass, ewww) opening to a railing arched entrance from hallway /bathroom/ closet area, to the bedroomwalkin closet with safe and iron/board storage and 2 robesbuilt in bar area for coffee maker and cooler stocked with bottled purified drinking waterThe bathroom was large and nicea corner jetted tub and separate shower (no matter what we did to prevent it, we wound up with a huge puddle on the floor after showering)long counter with 2 sinks and storage underneathtoilet in its own closetTV speaker in bathroomplenty of lightingno fan and no soundproofinggood towelsCommon areas could use more housekeeping attention lots of splatters and fingerprints in the elevator, carpets need vacuumingroom service used once, good service and food , standard resort room service pricingwent once to buffet , good dealcomplimentary valet parking was worth the tippinggrounds were nicely landscaped, lots of walkways and water featurespool was large with waterfalls and a shallow area for smaller kidscabana rental was good (neccesary to keep our crabby 13 year old from driving us insane with her complaints about the heat and boredom) pool side food/drink service was fine poolside entertainment was a very talanted singer and funny too, hawaiian cowboy, as I recall. Made an afternoon at the pool into an event.Unless you have things to do to fill the days, if you have kids along, this probably isn't the place for you.Good to relax and be quiet ....but nothing, except the pool (which closes fairly early), for kids.Had an incident on our first full day which, in our opinion, was a theft. The item was the only thing left out when we weren't in the room. (I am a neat freak.) The item had to be intentionally unplugged and removed, it wasn't little or light weight.We wanted to believe that it was an accident but after investigating we were convinced it was a theft by someone with access to our room, a hotel employee. Not good. We have never experienced that before.Staff was ok..standard resort people.all in all, and average resort.	
Aug 9 2005	Beautiful property	Big rooms with nice details, the bathroom is huge and the Jacuzzi was great. This is a nice place to get away although the area it's in is quite busy but you can get lost at the resort. We ordered up a refrigerator for drinks - nice way to save some money.	
Aug 6 2005	Beautiful Looking Poor Attitudes too uptight for Vegas	We stayed here during fourth of July weekend, we went because of Tripadvisors reviews and wanted to be away from the madness on the fourth of July down by the strip.First of all, the hotels appearance is all that they say it is, beautiful, fresh and clean. The attitudes, however, were very stiff and cold. We brought our two kids along, another reason we chose to stay here, seemed more family oriented and Vegas is running out of &quot;nice&quot; places for families to stay. It did not feel family oriented at all. We were stared at because our youngest is three. staff acted as if they couldnt believe children were there with us? There are a large number of older patrons, who frown on kiddies as well, we felt it all over, very uptight atmosphere. My husband is African and I am white, the racist glares from this place were hard to take at times. Usually, in Vegas, it's a place for everyone. The only place overrun by kiddies was the pool area. Beautiful pool, however, as a parent, beware of the cabanas, there are seedy individuals who rent them out (they are completly covered) and very adult activites going on in front of kids, as the doors sway open at times and you can see in. I did also complain about this to the managemnt, who responded promptly to me, said it happens all the time, but thanks for reporting it, but it was nearing the end of the day and the pool was going to close anyways, so I'm not sure what was actually done about it? We went to the hotels restaurant to have breakfast and we were the only ones there in line, place was nearly empty (we arrived late on purpose to get good seating) There were three workers there, ignored us for about ten minutes, as if we were invisible, then finally took the time to seat us. The waitress was rude and edgy. We ate and left feeling very uncomfortable. I couldnt believe all this, such a nice place with great reviews. I decided to reserve judgement and go to the casino, which you pretty much have to if you want to gamble, as it is far from the strip. It got worse. The dealer in front of me was openly arguing with her floor manager, YELLING in a foreign language, she was rude and angry, threw cards at me and had the worst of attitudes. then, when she saw I wasnt tipping her, She had the nerve of accusing me of handling the cards roughly?? Me? THats a first for me in ALL of Vegas! I know she was mad because I didnt tip her, who would? I got up to leave her table after I couldn't take it anymore. I complained to the hotel manager later, she claimed that the casino is contracted out to the Marriott and is not owned by the Marriott. Okay, but it's still in your hotel? She claimed she would give my entire room service tab to the casino to pay since they didnt know how to treat a guest properly. I was relieved and felt better over this. Until I got the bill, only one snack room service order had been removed, all else remained. Also, We felt it would okay to stay away from the strip, we had a vehicle, we drove in from L.A., so we figured we could just drive ourselves to the strip! Wrong! Traffic on the strip is unconceivably deadlocked, especially on holidays. We drove into town, took over two hours due to dead stop traffic, we got fed up and tired, so we turned back, all in all it took us roughly 4 HOURS to get to the strip and back to the hotel, and we didn't even get out of the car! Never again. Don't drive, use a taxi and be prepared to pay big bucks from this Marriott out ot the strip and back. They have a shuttle, goes to designated areas, it's timed and numbered, so with two kids in 125 degree heat, that wasn't an option.On the plus side, The bathroom rainshowers are great, the large in room T.V's are nice too. Also, I have to say the Irish pub is the nicest place in the hotel, classy yet very laid back, nice service, fantastic food, if only the entire place could be that way!	
Aug 6 2005	6 night stay	I stayed at JW for 6 nights with my husband and 2 kids. We had already stayed at the Wynn on the strip before we arrived here. We upgraded to a one bedroom suite for extra $60 on arrival and it was super, large balcony massive bathroom with double bath and huge shower, 2 tv's. I had no compaints about the room at all. The grounds are lovely with a nice pool.I found the hotel to be very quiet, hardly anyone around in the evenings and no entertainment especially for kids. The pool area is completely shaded before 6pm so we were looking for somthing to do in the evenings. We took the shuttle to the strip on one occasion and although the service is quick and free it only takes 20 people on a first come basis, so to make sure we would get on we turned up really early, the problem is that the line is outside and not comfortable having to wait when it is so hot, I think they should organise this a little better, maybe handing out a pass when you arrive so you could then sit inside in the cool. It is the same on the way back, the pick up point is outside Macy's (fashion show mall) which closes at 9pm so you must wait outside again.I am not sure that I would stay at this hotel again, yes it is lovely but there are fantastic hotels on the strip at the same room rate, the Venetian also has huge rooms. If you plan to go to Lake Mead or Hoover Dam it is better to stay at Lake Las Vegas, much closer and a really stunning area.No complaints about the hotel or service, I suppose it is just a matter of preference and if you are like me and spent 10 hours flying to Las Vegas then I would ratter stay on a classy hotel on the strip, you can always hire a car from there to see some other parts of Nevada.	
Aug 2 2005	Don't Dine There!	The J.W. Marriott provided the worst food for our recent conference in July. A (not very good) chicken dish was served for 4 events with little modification to the recipe. Cold sandwiches were served 2 days for lunch. Salads were reserved the following day. All of this might be tolerable in your home to reuse leftovers, but not in a 4-star resort at premium pricing. The Irish restaurant had the best atmosphere and food at the resort. On the good side, the bathrooms are marvelous! 2 thumbs up for the rain shower and jacuzzi.For anyone planning to stay at the resort for more than a day or two, rent a car to get around. It makes life easier.Some of the other issues that we had while at the resort, the managers of the property did take care of promptly when alerted to them.I would go back to the resort, but would not dine there.	
Aug 1 2005	Great Room Great Pool Great Service	Hubby, 2 year old and myself stayed 6/18 - 6/23. A family get away to relax and have some fun. The pool was our favorite...The pool was VERY kid friendly our daughter loved the it. There was a large shallow knee high area that spills into the main pool. There was drink and food service, you could get umbrellas and rafts at the pool house. Waterside Coolers are awesome they some kind of lemonde vodka drink. Yummy. The Grounds were very nice the baby saw a bunny she was so excited. There are lots of flowers and koi ponds. The best food we had there was from room service/hotel restaurant. It was quick and not too expensive. The menu is a bit limited though. No club sanwiches which seemed wierd. The Irish pub was BAD for burgers. The buffet was not so good BUT we only went once for lunch. The coffee shop was closed most of the time for renovations when we were there so we never tried it. The room was so pretty. We most likely had a basic king room. We checked in late and I did not even try for an upgrade. The french doors opened and we had a pretty view of the mountains just over the entrance. The bathrooms are great plenty of room to put all of your stuff. I felt like a princess when I was getting ready to go out at night. I tipped the maid on the first day so we had plenty of everything. Our room was kept up nicely. Bed was super comfy. I asked for extra pillows. After a bit of &quot;we are running low&quot; they delivered them. I only wish they had a mini bar instead of a little empty fridge that never worked. If I stay here again I would ask for the tower closer to the pool. Not the tower one you check in at. We had a great babysitter from &quot;Nannies and Grannies&quot; (recommended by the hotel) she liked to play with my daughter. She came back a few more times and my daughter was always happy to see her.If you want to stay here rent a car. It is nesteled in a residential area. Nice shopping and grocery stores near by. The strip is 20-30 mins away. After seeing some of the crowded strip hotels I was so glad we stayed at this beautiful hotel. We were traveling with a little one and wanted to relax. If you were coming in for a night or something this is not the place. You need a little time to ejoy your surroundings. I asked for a late check out on the last day because I was a Marriott Rewards member we did not have to check out until 3pm. Worst part of our trip was the flight. I will never fly Jet Blue again. It is not worth the discounted fare for that long of a flight (from NY).	
Jul 29 2005	cannot believe this hotel is rated #1 on Tripadvisor	Our family stayed at the JW Marriott this week when we were in Las Vegas (we first stayed at TheHotel at Mandalay Bay for one night--wonderful stay!). I'm a huge Tripadvisor fan and was excited by all of the positive reviews of this hotel. Wow, I wonder if we stayed at a different hotel. I expected way more from a JW Marriott--have stayed at 'regular' Marriotts that were far nicer. We're also no strangers to Las Vegas and visit there once or twice a year. Since we had our two teenagers with us this trip, we thought staying off the strip would be a good idea--not.We used Marriott Rewards points for our two night stay--I'd be very interested in knowing if this had anything to do with our less than stellar room.FYI--We were in room #5217 in the Palms Tower--far from everything--I would suggest requesting the Spa Tower.Here's my take: No one was friendly in the least (and we're pretty friendly folks), except for one bellman as we were checking out; our room was large but had exactly three pieces of furniture floating around in all of the space--2 hard back desk chairs and an ottman; the carpet had numerous large and dark stains (UGH); bathroom was large and the showerhead was absolutely marvelous; no turn-down service; one of the bedspreads had a 6-8 inch rip in it; pool was nice; hotel itself was in suburbia (not special in any way, shape or form). The hotel seemed empty of life and excitement and no one appeared to be in charge--sounds strange to say but we all had odd vibes from this place.The most disgusting thing about this hotel was the sharp stench of mold/mildew in our room. When I asked someone at the front desk to please send someone up to take care of the smell, she totally blew me off and quickly said she'd 'tell housekeeping.' Okie-dokie but nothing ever came of it.When we gave the valet our car ticket one night, it took them forever to find the car--then they admitted that it was 'temporarily misplaced.' WHAT?? Not to worry, though, and the valet soon came wheeling up in our car while EATING AN ICE CREAM BAR. I kid you not--my family and I were laughing at this point--we were totally missing TheHotel, though.All in all, I was very disappointed in this hotel and plan on writing Marriott to tell them. I would NOT recommend this hotel.	
Jul 28 2005	Fantastic - stay away from the strip	Wr stayed here for 4 days in March. Booked through expedia and got a great deal at under $140 a night. This was the end of our 3 week touring holiday and wanted to relax before heading back to the UK. When we arrived in Las Vegas 3 weeks prior we stayed on the strip for 2 nights. Now that we have experience the Marriot we will never stay on the strip again. You are close enough to visit all the sites but it is nice to get back to a relaxed, quiet and far more tasteful hotel at the end of the day.The pool is fantastic, especially if you are with children, the staff are all, without exception, professional and really do mean it when they say &quot;hope you enjoy your stay&quot;. The rooms are large (which can't be said of hotels on the strip) with bath as well as shower and most have lovely views over the grounds. If you are travelling to Las Vegas you will want to stay on the strip as we did when we arrived. All I can say is that once you have tried the marriot you will be converted. The strip is seedy, the hotels are noisy, and the --- touts have no regard for the fact that you are with your wife and children.	
Jul 27 2005	Great Stay at the J.W.	We stayed at the J.W. for three nights (July 22nd - 25th). The resort is beautiful - the rooms are large and the bathrooms are awesome, especially the tub and shower. The dining choices aren't wonderful, i.e. expensive, and there isn't a fast food court like many strip hotels, nor is there a kids camp, game room or an arcade for children. The casino is thick with smoke. The pool is nice, big and never crowded, however, it's salty. Valet parking is free and quick. We always received what we requested, i.e. extra towels, etc. from the front desk. It's a few minutes away from the hustle and bustle of the strip, which we love. However, I don't think the hotel is up to par with Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton - especially when it comes to kids. Luckily, we got a great deal.	
Jul 25 2005	The place to stay off the strip	My family and I just returned from two single nights here, one last week and one the week before (going and coming from St George, Utah). We had a Junior Suite the first night and a one bedroom suite the second night (upgraded by the hotel). Great rooms, plenty of space. It is interesting that the couches are not pull outs, but they are quick to bring a rollaway, and my other daugther thought the couch was so comfortable, she slept on it as is with a blanket that housekeeping brought.The pool was outstanding and service both at the pool and within the hotel top notch. In fact, upon arriving home, we realized we left an item in the room and all it took was a 2 minute call to them and they are shipping it out to me.Excellent!	
Jul 17 2005	The Pool is Worth Mentioning	This hotel is the perfect alternative to the Strip Hotels. I am a former resident, so I'm not really interested in the flash and trash of the Strip anymore. This is an excellent place to relax, but still be close to fine dining, golf, and sightseeing. I'm surprised very little has been said about the pool. It is big and beautiful, with lots of palms, and two little waterfalls to play in. There are 2 whirlpools nearby, and the cabana rental is very reasonable, $50 for half day $100 full day. We did have one very odd problem. Our room was near the elevator, and our privacy sign kept getting stolen! The housekeeping staff was very gracious, but still we were disturbed early in the morning when all we wanted to do was sleep in.We had Sunday brunch in Ceres restaurant, and the food, ambiance, and service were execllent. We checked out the menus for the other restaurants, and the prices seemed very reasonable. If you want to gamble, there is the Rampart Casino in the hotel. It seemed very smoky compared to the Strip, and even the local Station casinos. They have the newest slots, and the table limit is only $5.I would highly recommend this hotel for a relaxation weekend, or a romantic getaway.	
Jul 17 2005	deserves to be number one!	We stayed at this hotel a year ago based on the reviews. Originally, I thought it was too far from the strip but after reading the reviews and seeing the web page felt confident. As the time neared for our stay at the JW I told my husband &quot;I have a feeling we may not want to leave this hotel&quot;. I was right and we extended our stay 2 extra nights. The last night of our trip we stayed at Caesar's and were really let down. Everything about this property was great and you really never needed to leave. Irish Pub, Starbucks, Wonderful restaurants especially the premiere steak house...etc The Spa is also worth the extra fee. It was just extremely relaxing and fun.	
Jul 6 2005	Excellent	At the end of a busy day in Vegas, this is hotel to relax at. I've stayed here time and time again and I always get the same great service and the rooms are immaculate. Most importantly, when I ask for a NON smoking room, I actually get a non smoking room. The rooms are clean and spacious and I love that you can open the french doors and breathe fresh air. I absolutely love the rain shower and jacuzzi in the bathroom, which is also spacious. There is a make up mirror and great lighting in the bathroom for us girls who want to doll up for a night on the town. I've stayed at plenty of hotels in Vegas and this is the one I keep coming back to. The hotel's lobby is not packed with people and it doesn't take a hour for you to catch an elevator.	
Jul 5 2005	Not a fan of Vegas but loved the JW Marriott!!	My husband and I just returned from a Vegas trip during Memorial Day weekend and it was a wonderful experience! Our check in was smooth, the staff very helpful and welcoming. We were in town for business which happen to be on our 15th wedding anniversary! The management promptly brought champagne and strawberries to our room which was wonderful! The rooms are quite large as are the marble bathrooms with double sinks, over sized jacuzzi tub and full walk-in shower. I felt like I was in the Four Seasons Hotel! The bed was very comfortable and we even had a ceiling fan (not ususally seen in hotels)and a large walk-in closet. We did not have a great view, mostly the parking lot, but with some mountains in the background. Our first full day at the hotel, we had to track the cleaning/maid service down to make up our room (at 4pm!) but it was never a problem again. WE never ordered Room Service but we ate lunch at the small cafe by the lovely pool. It has great sandwiches and such and was reasonably priced. The Pool was absolutely beautiful and even though it was a holiday weekend, it never felt over crowded! A big plus for families...the pool staff has LIFEGUARDs on duty who responded promptly, professionally and quickly when a 3 year old slipped under the water out of view of his mother. No harm done, child was fine! As for the food, we did not visit any of the restaurants on site, some of which we heard are quite good. We did visit and loved that there was a Starbuck's Coffee on the property. The spa/fitness area is very nice. The equipment needs some updating, however.It is about a 15 min ride by cab or complimentary shuttle to the strip. Please note, however, that the hotel shuttle picks you up at Macy's on the strip. So if you are at MGM, you have to take a cab the 2+ miles to get the shuttle back to the hotel. They shuttle was always on time and the driver very friendly with complimentary COLD water for everyone on board! I would stay here again and I would bring my young daughters to enjoy this lovely resort-style hotel!	
Jun 30 2005 	Truly 5 stars	I was there for a conference and they ran out of regular rooms so instead I got a suite.Let's just say that the suite was so large, I actually had trouble finding my way back out.Aside from that, the hotel is very classy, a true 5 star. The last time I was in Las Vegas, I stayed at the Bellagio. I have to say that this hotel surpasses the Bellagio.It is pretty far from the strip so you will definitely need a car, or be interested in mostly playing golf.	
Jun 26 2005	A Real Vacation	After a few stays on the strip you'll find this hotel a totally relaxing place where you can have a real vacation. The location is in the beautiful and upscale planned community of Summerlin. If you want to go other places rent a car for $20. a day. Downtown is only a few miles. The strip is further, but it's all freeway getting there. The best part of my trip was playing in the Rampart Casino. It's a cozy place with great paying machines, good cash back, easy comps and good food. You won't find any place like this on the strip.	
Jun 21 2005	Nice Hotel but too far from the Strip	This Hotel is very nice, but the major problem is that it is too far from the strip. If you stay here, you end up spending approximately $80 daily on cabs. The complimentary shuttle is not practical since it is available only every two hours, you have to stand in line early since it fits only 20 people (if your number is 21 you are out of luck), and the latest shuttle leaves the strip at 11:30 pm (which is too early to go to sleep if you are on vacation).	
Jun 17 2005 	Very Very Enjoyable Stay	We just returned after a 4 day stay at the JW Marriott for business and pleasure. We loved our room--the beds were VERY comfortable--the best hotel bed I ever slept on, with cozy bedding. The carpets and wallpaper showed some wear in our room, however. The bathrooms were large; the water pressure under the rain-shower and the whirlpool were wonderful. Very enjoyable to use. Amenities in the bathroom were nice. Overall, it was very quiet and relaxing. The hotel was clean, well vacuumed, and smelled fresh. The pool was also refreshing; the water temperature just right. The poolside restaurant offered great sandwiches and drinks. Walkways outside were enjoyable, with palm trees, flowers, and water areas with small waterfalls. Almost all staff were attentive and hospitable. The restaurants and casino were great!Because the resort is so large, I think it needed more directional signs, even though a resort map is provided.	
Jun 12 2005	far from the frenzy but close enough to the action	This is a great hotel choice if you don't mind being 20 minutes away from the strip. It is an easy expressway drive to the strip and just minutes away from Red Rock Canyon. The rooms are fantastic with amazing whirlpool bathrooms and oversized rooms overlooking beautiful grounds. The casino was uncrowded and the dealers were really friendly unlike many strip casinos.The pit boss even was giving us advise on basic blackjack strategy! The restaurants were very good and the exercise facility was immense with just about every piece of equipment imaginable. My only gripe was that the massage services seemed assembly-line like. I felt rushed out afterwards because the next scheduled client was arriving in several minutes. I was able to utilize the whirlpools and sauna post-massage and that was wonderful. It was too cold to use the pool but it looked very nice. I will definitely be back. A room like this would cost 3 times as much on the strip!	
Jun 8 2005	Truly Five Stars	Very nice room, especially nice bath, beautiful grounds, attentive service ... we're fussy and we had not complaints. And, unlike many resorts, the restaurants are reasonably priced (though we also ate locally). Our one complaint is that if you don't want to spend $20 a day for the spa, the &quot;gym&quot; consists of two treadmills, a bicycle, and some weights. At least put an elliptical machine or two in!	
Jun 6 2005	Excellent alternative to strip hotels...	Having visitied Las Vegas 10 times over the last 7 years, I am pleased to advise we found that the JW Marriot in Summerlin was an excellent alternative to the strip hotels when we stayed for four nights over the memorial day weekend. We stayed in a very spacious junior suite (comfortable bed, wet bar, good view if you pick floors 5/6, rain shower and jacuzzi, good sitting area) and found the service excellent. The gym / spa and pool are all well equipped and the general atmosphere is far more peaceful, whilst still retaining all of the typical Las Vegas amenities and gambling options. They do run a shuttle bus although this can fill up and it only goes to the fashion show mall. Expect to pay between $30 and $40 for a cab from the strip including tip. For an alternative off-strip dining option, I recomend Rosemary's in Summerlin which is about 10 minutes drive away - the valets may even drop you off for a small tip. They have excellent top-end food and a comprehensive wine list - the wine is half-price Sundays and it is accordingly somewhat of an institution. We will stay at the Marriot again.	
May 5 2005	Stick with the Strip Hotels...	I planned this trip for my husband's speacial birthday as a surprise for him....Frist to set the record straight, it's not 5 or 10 mins from the strip, it's a least 20 to 30mins... especially on the weekends.When we arrived Friday night, they put us in a double bed room facing a street in the far tower and it looked like there was a building being built across the way from our window. I called down and told them I requested a King bed in the Spa tower, they said there was no room available and this was the best they could do. After calling back again I spoke to a woman who told me I made my reservations on the internet for a discounted rate.... I don't know what she would say that for... whether I booked at the $375 each nite or $275 rate, it should have no bearing on the service she's to provide me or the respect that any customer deserves. She embarrased me and then had someone else call me to tell me they had a king size bed one floor down facing the fountains. We moved and after we finally settled in, I realized we didn't get the champaign and strawberries I requested with a personal concierge planner a month in advance... (not to the personal planner's fault) so once again I needed to call down. I was told they saw the request and will see that they are delivered. No apology. Yes, we did finally get the champaign. After we went to dinner, I called down to ask for the mgr on duty, I was given two names whom were away from the desk or on lunch break. I was told to just call the weekend mgr (he would be in at 7am) and leave a voice mail for him to call me back. I did leave a voice mail msg.  On Saturday, we enjoyed our spa appt and service at the spa. I didn't recieve a call from the front desk mgr and did not want to go into it again with anyone else. I wanted this to be a special trip for my husband and I felt I would handle it when I returned home so not to ruin our vacation with the time it took to complain about how I was treated. I feel the night staff needs to be trained in handling situations such as mine. I feel the woman I spoke to needs to be told she can not treat someone rude because they did not pay top dollar to stay at the JW Vegas. We made the decision to check out Saturday afternoon and stay at a hotel on the strip that we always stay when we come to Vegas... they treat us very well! I stayed at the JW in Arizona with my girlfriends last year and we had inpecable service and a wonderful stay. Unfortunitely, I can not say that about the JW vegas. It's very upsetting to be treated terribly when you go out of your way to see that everything is set before you arrive and to be told in so many words, if you would have paid top dollar you'd recieve better service at the JW vegas. RE: Aquae Sulis Spa:We enjoyed our service!! The two ladies who gave us our couple message we're great! I also wanted to mention the spa manager who helped to find my earrings I lost at the SPA on Saturday... she delivered them herself to me after we had checked out and after her shift, to our strip hotel. I feel she went above and beyond! She truely is a great employee!!  I know this is an experience I won't forget due to the rude comments. I read the great reviews on Tripadvisor.com about the jw vegas and thought I made the best choice because of my great experience at the JW in arizona, but I was wrong. I will return to the JW Arizona with my family because the rooms, service and staff are top notch. Unfortunitely, I would not recommend the jw vegas to anyone... 1. it's too far from strip2. the carpet and furniture need to be replaced 3. yes the bathrooms are great but how long are you really in your bathroom? 4. the grounds are beautiful5. the casino is like being on a river boat in Illinois, not like a VEGAS strip hotel feel at all.6. night service staff is rudeLesson learned... Stick with the what you know... stay at the strip hotels, they are the BEST!	
May 4 2005	JW Las Vegas Rocks!	Just got back from a week stay at JW from 4/23-4/30. The Hotel is magnificent. The grounds are beautiful, especially pool area. Stayed for free using Marriott Rewards Points. Notwithstanding this, we were given a great room on the 6th (top) floor of Spa Tower overlooing the mountains. The room was large, but the bathroom was huge! Marble everywhere. Basic decorations but plenty of room for a family of four. Ate in Ceres Restaurant for breakfast. They have a great and reasonable ($13.95 adults, 7.95 kids) breakfast buffet. Many selections to choose from. Food at Poolside Cafe also quite good and reasonable. Casino was typical. Not too lavish and a little smoky. My husband and I went for a 50 minute massage. ($100 plus $18.00 tip). The Spa is truely lovely. Seperate workout area (must pay $20/day if not receving a treatment). The massages were great and they have a nice area to shower, change, etc. with all of the amenities you could possibly want. Spa also has seperate whirlpools, outdoor pools and relaxing areas. Trip to Strip (went evey day) took 15-20 minutes max. Nice to stay off trip and just &quot;visit&quot;. You can valet park at all hotels for free. Just $1 tip for valet. Saw Mystere at TI. Great show for all ages. Also saw Mama Mia at Mirage. Also very good. Highlight of trip was a helicopter tour of the grand canyon (used Look Tours). Trip went from downtown Las Vegas over Hoover Dam and Lake Mead and through entire canyon. Stopped at a ranch for a cowboy breakfast and horseback ride before return trip down the stip. Cannot say enough how great it was! My entire family cannot stop talking about it. Well worth the money. Can't wait to return to Vegas and the JW.	
May 2 2005	10th Anniversary Trip -- Great time	Just got back from our 10th wedding anniversary trip. First time staying the the JW Marriott. Wife doesn't like the smokey Vegas strip hotels and we were looking for more of a spa experience, so went with the JW. Got the AAA package with breakfast included both nights ($238/night rate). Very pleased with the hotel. It's only about 5-10 minutes away from the strip and has a wonderful golf resort feel to it. Very well landscaped, lush grounds, nice architecture. Not too crowded at all, saw some leisure and some business travelers. Hardly any smoke, even in the Rampart casino in the evenings.Stayed in the standard room and it was quite nice. Tons of room, almost looked like it was missing some furniture since there was so much space. Still had a &quot;Marriott&quot; feel, neutral wallpaper and carpet looked a little older. Not quite comparable to the suite at Caesar's Palace tower, but much better than your average Vegas room. Very comfortable king bed, ceiling fan, large walk-in closet with convenient electronic safe and two robes. Bathroom was huge, with whirlpool tub for 2 (sort of a &quot;peanut&quot; shape), shower with rainfall, granite vanity. The &quot;cooler&quot; fridge was useless, but there was free bottled water. Room was in the Palm Tower which was a bit of a walk from the spa and Ceres restaurant for breakfast, but really not too far. Each tower has its own valet parking (free for guests) and check-in desk which was convenient. We stayed on the 6th (top) floor and had a beautiful view from the french doors. No real balcony to step onto, but it looks like the suites might have balconies with chairs. Service overall was very good. Friendly, courteous staff. Greeted us by name when we called for a wake up call (yes, it shows on their computer but it's a nice touch anyway). Spent most of Saturday in the Aquae Solis Spa. Booked massage for me, European facial, manicure and pedicure for my wife. Spa area is very nice, separate facilities for men and women, but a common area in the back between with a private pool and jaccuzzi for spa guests only. Very intimate setting, mostly couples or women. Ordered lunch from the room service menu and had it delivered to the spa pool in back, only took about 30 minutes. The waterfall shower was intense, decent jaccuzzi, cold plunge, steam and dry sauna and lots of lounging area to just relax. Also free juices, citrus water and fruit.Had dinner on the strip at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill in Caesar's. Wonderful food, excellent service, great atmosphere. Highly recommend the roasted corn tamale with shrimp appetizer and the signature pork tenderloin. Decided to come back to the hotel and play at the Rampart Casino Saturday night since the strip table limits were $15+ everywhere and couldn't find an open table on a Saturday night. Rampart was great, $5 minimums. Took a few minutes to get a seat, but dealers were friendly and the players seemed to be having a good time overall. Not too smoky either compared to the strip. Played till about 2:00 am and noticed a lot fewer people after midnight, must be a lot of locals. Breakfast was included and was the breakfast buffet at Ceres. Excellent food, lots of fresh fruit and pastries, omelettes, eggs and waffles made to order, usual selection of bacon, sausage, potatoes, cereals, lox, cream cheese, bagels, fresh squeezed OJ and good coffee. Good service too. Ours was free, but the bill for two would have been about $30 including tax. Ceres is surrounded by some waterfalls and you can sit outside if you'd like.Overall had a great experience and would definitely stay again. Really liked the resort feel and the lack of smoke. Would be good for couples or families. Saw a lot of weddings going on there also. Main pool area looked very nice, want to go back again to use that. Close enough to pop down to the Strip for shows, sights, dining, etc. but still far enough away to relax. Note: we had a car which I'd strongly recommend if you want to go to the Strip.	
May 1 2005	One of the best	First, let me explain that I am not employed by Marriott, I am completely independent and stayed there with my wife and daughter on vacation.It is very obvious that not just money, but a lot of time, care and attention has been put into the detail of this hotel. Fixtures &amp; fittings and build quality are superb.The hotel has a fantastic landscaped garden with streams and fish ponds, a large swimming pool, hot tub, loungers and relaxing piped background music. It's hard to imagine this was built in a desert.We had a huge room with two queen beds, a large bathroom with 'his and hers' wash basins, double sized jacusi bath, walk in glass fronted marble clad shower with rain effect shower head as well as a normal power shower. Beware, there are full height wall mirrors in the bath area.The bedroom also boasted a balcony overlooking the mountains and desert, a walk in cloak room, large screen TV, coffee making facilities and mini bar.Breakfast consisted of a self service hot and cold food buffet, fresh fruit, danish pastries etc, etc, etc all washed down with far too much coffee and orange juice. A chef was there to cook eggs in the way of our choice. The catering staff go the extra mile, even so far as hand carving mellon decorations. Don't go to breakfast if on a diet!There is a small business suite located in the Consierge area, containing PCs, a printer and a photo copier.The hotel operates a regular shuttle bus service to the strip which takes about 20 minutes.We wondered why the hotel was to quiet, that was until we explored the long corridors and came across the casino. That's where everyone was hiding.Apparently some people enjoy sitting in a windowless, smoke filled room, pumping money into money grabbing machines. The casino area is a mini village in its own right, containing food outlets, bars and small shops. All I can say is it was considerate of them to allow us to use the superb hotel facilities in peace.The staff complimented the magnificence of the hotel perfectly. All staff were friendly from check in clerk to groundsman. No stuffiness or snootines.Let's hope these high standards are maintained.	
Apr 13 2005	Loved It!!!	We've stayed at many 3-5 star Hotels since Mar 2004. We have not found anything as nice or as classy as JW Marriotts. We are still talking about that resort. I'd highly recommend it to anyone. We look forward to going back.	
Apr 9 2005	The best in Vegas	Stayed at the Monte Carlo on the strip for 4 nights prior to moving out to the JW Marriott for 5 nights. Picked the Monte Carlo for location and being mid-priced. For us, 4 nights on the Strip is more than plenty and we looked forward to moving to somewhere more relaxed for the second half of our holiday. We booked it based solely on tripadvisor recommendations and were not disappointed.Firstly location. Yes it is about 20 mins from the Strip. So if all your activities centre around there, then this may not be the best spot for you. However, it is not a difficult journey to get down there. You just turn right out of the hotel onto Rampart and then keep going until you turn left on to the road that will deposit you on the right part of Las Vegas Blvd. For us, mostly Sahara (about 4 blocks from memory) then you keep on going until you hit the Strip.Upside is that Summerlin is a world away from the hussle and bussle and great for getting out into the hills. Red Rock Canyon is minutes away and it is well located for the 95 and 215 if you want to go elsewhere outside Vegas.The hotel itself is set in its own, well maintained gardens and grounds. There is no road noise, no sense of air pollution and the views of the hills are just great.ReceptionWe arrived and went to check in at the Spa Tower. there were two receptionists on duty and we were seen within a few minutes. We arrived early at 11.00 but were given a room for immediate occupation. We had a ground floor room in the Palms Tower, looking out across towards the hills. We got back in the car and drove around to the other tower and used the free Valet Parking. Car parked, bags brought to room without any delay. Used the Valet parking all the time we were there. Extremely friendly and helpful with directions and advice. We had hired an open top Mustang and they would put the top up and down for us when we came and went without needing to be asked.The Room.I have noted a couple of people saying the rooms looked tired, or other less than complimentary comments about the rooms. So, I am very happy to report that this was not the case. You enter the room via a marble floored hallway, with the bathroom off to the right. It contains a two seater whirlpool bath and seperate shower unit, with standard wall shower or overhead rain head shower. There is a seperate WC accessed from within the bathroom. Lots of good quality product in the bathroom, although I don't recall it having any special name (but I am a guy).Back into the corridor and you next pass a walk in closet on your right with safe, ironing board and iron and plenty of hanging space for clothes.The corridor then opens out into one of the largest bedrooms I have seen in a hotel. Ahead of you is a standard TV/Drawer unit and beyond that a desk and 2 chairs. To the right is a king size bed (extremely comfortable) and a sofa and an armchair. There is also a round coffee table. the opening double patio doors looked out onto the hills and made the room bright and airy. The room has a modern air con unit with digital display mounted on the wall. It also has a large ceiling fan and over head light, both working on variable slider switches so you can set them just so. Wallpaper, carpets, fittings in first rate condition. No signs of wear and tear at all.Room Service.We had beakfast brought to the room on a couple of days. it is delivered on a wheeled table, with winged sections that are expanded to make a large dining table. We had it placed in front of the patio doors so we could take in the view. What I liked about Room Service was that the prices were reasonable and you did not feel you were being ripped off. Can't remember exact prices in the Monte Carlo, just a feeling that you would NOT want to pay that much. I think Champagne worked out at less than half the price of the Monte Carlo.The public areas inside the hotel.The whole place has a very open, airy and chilled out feel to it. There is plenty of marble in the lobbies and corridors connecting the two towers, with high celings and wide passageways. Maybe the feeling is enhanced because we moved away from the Strip and all the crowds, but it feels tranquil. In fact that's a word that a lot of people there was using to describe it, a sort of oasis in the desert.We ate in the Japanese restaurant one evening. Service was good and attentive. Not had much experience of Japanese food, but everything seemed well prepared and was certainly fresh and tasty. There is also a sushi bar in there and they also do Taipan table preparation.We had a lunch and an evening snack in the Irish pub. Good simple straight forward food with an Irish slant. They also pulled an exceptional pint of Guinness. The evening we went in, there was a live band playing. Mostly good, but one of the singers hit a few bum notes. However this was made up for in enthusiasm and energy. In fact, your typical pub entertainment. Staff friendly and some were actually Irish, coming from an area less than 20 miles away from my wife's parents village over in Ireland.Next door to the Irish pub is a Starbucks, open 24 hours. Your room key gets you a a free size upgrade on your drinks there.We had drinks in the Ceres lounge. Large comfy chairs and sofas and attentive staff. We did not eat there.We had a breakfast in the cafe which faces on to the casino floor on our last morning. (We had come down at a time when the buffet place was closed, probably switching from breakfast to lunch?). They ask if you want to sit smoking or non-smoking, but as the place opens out into the casino, you don't get a lot of choice.We also had a meal in the casino's 'fine dining' restaurant. I can't recall its name and had a very average dining experience. we ate at 8pm and when it came to desserts, got the definate impression they wanted to pack up early and get off home. I believe the casino and this place is under different management than the hotel itself.We also had some drinks and snacks at the pool side bar. Friendly and attentive staff. Never found the time to use the pool, but it looked very inviting. there were also plenty of cabanas dotted about if you wanted to make a day of it.Summary.Oned of the nicest, friendliest and most comfortable places I have stayed. A true oasis but so close to vegas. If you are hiring a car, then getting around will not be a problem. You will be able to dip into Strip as and when you want but more importantly, escape from it!	
Apr 6 2005	Nice but don't eat there	I recently visited Las Vegas this march for 6 nights with my husband and our children. We choose this hotel because it's not in the strip and we wanted a quiet place. This is a pretty hotel with very comfortable and bigger rooms and bigger bathrooms. The shower was the best, it's like being in Niagara. Nice service and very clean. But the food was awful. We ate in three restaurants and the three wasn't good. We ask nuggets for room service and it seemed cooked the day before. Besides this problem, if you want to relax in Vegas (I know it sounds wierd in Vegas) this is a quiet, very nice place to stay.	
Apr 4 2005	J W Marriott Las Vegas was great	My boyfriend and I stayed here on Easter Sunday and Monday. Although it is away from the strip, we enjoyed the peace and quiet. We went to the Spa at the resort on Monday for massage, facial and reflexology services and it was wonderful. I would recommend the resort if you want to get away from the crazy strip.	
Apr 2 2005	Favorite spot in Vegas but...	Stayed here April 23-27. This was our 4th visit to the JW Mariott in under two years. With family in the area to visit, we've grown tired of the Strip, so this is an excellent choice to break free of the rat race. The spa and pool are phenomenal! A person can (and we did) spend most of the day there. Casino is much more enjoyable and quiet than the busy Strip spots. Sports book good also. Can't speak for the restaurants.Only problem with this place (and it's happened to us on two of our four visits) is when a smoker ends up in an adjacent room (on a non-smoking floor)--the smoke comes through the connecting door between the two rooms. We understand that a person could lie at the front desk and say they're a non-smoker when checking in (not the hotel's fault), but both times when reported to the front desk, they didn't seem too eager to do anything about the problem. So, like most anything else in Vegas, I guess it's just a crapshoot. JW staff, if you read this, PLEASE be more vigilant on this matter--some people (like us) are very sensitive to cigarette smoke, and the situation can ruin an otherwise great vacation.	
Apr 2 2005	Wonderful getaway from the Strip	We stayed at this resort for 4 days. It was so nice to get away from the craziness of the Strip. The pool area is beautiful, the spa is clean and restful, the room was huge, especially the bathroom. The best thing about this resort though is the staff! Every single person I interacted with was friendly, knowledgable, accomodating and seemed to be truly interested in making my stay a great one. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. If you need some time away from the Strip, this is a great place to stay. If you rent a car, you can drive to many restaurants in the area, there's a great variety. Parking is free, valet complimentary. We also took a drive to the Red Rocks area, beautiful! Don't be afraid to stay at the JW Marriott.	
Mar 31 2005	My New Favorite Resort!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Wow.....this resort is a sight for sore eyes!! You will be in awe when you pull up to the valet area...the grounds and pool are gorgeous...valet service is wonderful...although this resort is a distance from the strip...we rented a car so this was not a problem for us...Check in was quick and easy...and you wont have to enter a smoky casino to get to your room-pretty sweet, huh?We ate at the Promenade Cafe which overlooks the casino...pretty decent food at reasonable prices.....and there is also a Starbucks coffee...an Irish pub, and a buffet.....The Palms Tower also has Ceres which we didnt try....Also...right down the road is Mimi's Cafe which serves awesome breakfasts....and try Claim Jumper ( across from Mimis) for dinner...you wont be disappointed....the desserts are GIGANTIC!The rooms are more spacious than the Bellagio in my opinion...The bathroom is to die for...marble floors and entryway....jetted whirlpool bath tub ...rain shower and separate water closet. The front desk was very prompt in sending a rollaway bed for my son and I truly can't find any faults with this resort.....paid $102 a night on Priceline and I am extremely satisfied.	
Mar 28 2005	LOVED it.. will be back again soon!	I had an excellent stay! You forget that you're in Las Vegas, but the strip is only a short cab ride away. The rooms were fantastic, loved the bathrooms and all of the personnel were nice and extremely helpful. It was nice to get to the lobby without having to walk through a smoky casino. I had (2) great spa treaments; their entire spa facility is wonderful. I plan on making this an annual trip! If you want the excitement and energy of the strip, this is not the place to stay. If you want a nice relaxing hotel &amp; resort, this should be your first choice. Definitely one of my favorite hotels in the US.	
Mar 28 2005	Not up to expectations	Stayed for three nights in March. I called the hotel the day before our arrival to confirm our reservationand to request an early check in. I was asked what time we might arrive and I told the clerk that it would be between 11 and 12 noon. She said they were not sold out so this would not be a problem I also asked for the Palms Tower as it was our 50th Wedding anniversary and She advised me that this was the quieter of the two towers.When we arrived the next day at 1:30 and went to check in at the Palms Tower we were told that we were too early.After I explained that we had called the day before the clerk told me that I must have been talking to central reservations. Then we stood there at the counter for 37 minutes while the clerk looked for a room BUT in doing so allowed herself to be interupted by others coming up to the counter and asking questions as well as answering the phone and talking to the aaccounting office Finally I gave up and asked for whatever they could give us and we ended up in tne Spa Tower. So our luggage had to be reloaded into the car and off we went back to the other entrance. The room was nice and the bathroom was super ( love that shower!) We had to phone and have an engineer up to repair the A/C system. Then we put a few soft drinks in the refrigerator only to find out that it was not a fridge but a cooler which you had to go and fill the ice bucket and place inside.This was a new one on us inspite of having travelled all over the world and in all 50 states. A little note on the front might have helped! They have a unique way of locking the door to the balconey that belies explanation. The grounds are beautiful and we thoroughly enjoyed the pool Ceres is a waste of time. The breakfast was just so so and not worth the price. The Japanese Restaurant was also just OK but do try the Irish Pub as it has the best food of them all. This being our 50th Anniversary and having told them at both check in desks, we thought they might at least put a card or some acknowlgement in our room as this was a pretty major milestone in our lives but I guess we were expecting too much of Marriott. Back to the strip on our next vegas trip!!	
Mar 22 2005	Was average.	My boyfriend and I stayed at the JW from the 19th to the 21st. The overall grounds were beautiful and well maintained and the staff were friendly enough. Our room was not as spectacular as I would have expected from the reviews and pictures but I think that may be due to the fact that we were staying in the Palms tower and it maybe older. We had a stain on our carpet and the room did not look as elegant and modern as the pictures from JW's website. Throughout the hotel the carpets seemed kind of old and worn. We paid $100/night through priceline and so our room was maybe a reflection of the price we paid. Had we paid the full price I would have been even less impressed. All things considered it wasn't bad. The casino was nothing special. The dealer I had for blackjack wasn't very friendly but I guess they don't have to be. They just need to be able to take the money right? Slots seemed tight. We spent a day at the spa and that was very pleasurable. We had a couples massage and took advantage of all the steam rooms/hot tubs/pools that the spa had to offer. This was most relaxing and melted our work stresses away. We enjoyed the Irish pub. There was no music when we were there but the food was good and the atmosphere is nice. Our last night (Sunday) we ate at the Japanese restaurant Shizen. Since it was Sunday (they said they get all there fish in on Monday) they were out of most kinds of sushi that we wanted so if you go do it early in the week. The morning of our flight we went to Ceres for breakfast. The hostess told us and everyone else who came in that the wait would be 10 min. Well we waited 45 minutes with no sign of a seat and still even as we left (we couldn't wait any longer or we would miss our flight) the hostess was still telling people that were coming in that it would be a 10 min wait. Needless to say we didn't have time to go elsewhere and so we went without breakfast. If she was at least honest about the wait we could have made other arrangments. I think this hotel would be great and affordable for families with small kids. We are in our early 30s w/o kids and found it to be kind of boring and a nuisance to drive the 20-30 min to get to the strip. Next time we are planning on staying at a hotel on the strip.	
Mar 18 2005	Very nice place but too far from the strip	Spent a long weekend there in February and really enjoyed the hotel and casino. The hotel was very clean, the rooms are very spacious and the bathrooms are wonderful (loved the very large jacuzzi tub). All the staff was courteous and helpful. Great selection of restaurants. Found that the casino dealers during the day were much more friendlier than the ones at night (spent 50% of our time at the craps tables). Pools are closed this time of year, they are not heated. did not use the free shuttle to the strip, we had a rental car. The complimentary vallet parking was fantastic. We had a wonderful time. The only downfall is that it is too far from the strip, probably 20 minutes and the traffic to get to the strip is horrible. Next time we will probably stay at a resort within 5 minutes of the strip.	
Feb 27 2005	Excellent Service	This is an exceptionally well-run hotel. The service from everyone is outstanding. This is THE place to stay if you want quiet, sophisticated luxury at a reasonable price. The food is great and there is a nice variety of restaurants.Only one thing was disappointing - the pool (which is huge complete with giant rock-waterfall) is evidently closed during the winter season.Highly recommend this to anyone who wants to be away from the unbelievably overbuilt and frenetic environment of the Strip. The &quot;Junior&quot; Suites are anything but - ours was spacious and elegantly furnished. Look forward to when we can return.	
Feb 20 2005	all the other reviews are over rated!	i picked this hotel from reading the reviews.it was nothing as i expected. the lobby looks good, but the room is empty and nothing special, large bathroom again sort of empty. our room looked nothing like the picture on the internet.the casino is horrible - old and tatty.we paid $249 for room and breakfast,plus $10 for internet. infact i was so disappointed we left the next day for the venetian which was cheaper and much nicer.it is a fair drive from the strip - 20 minutes maybe more depending on traffic.we stayed in jw in mexico city and the standard does not even compare - the mexico city one is 10 times better.	
Feb 16 2005	JW Marriott awesome hotel!	JW Marriott is a beautiful hotel on a ridiculously nice property. That is what MAKES this hotel. The landscape is gorgeous. Rooms are really sharp, bathrooms are the best I've experienced. Lobby is small, but very nicely appointed. Everything about this place is 5 star. The &quot;Rampart&quot; casino inside is nice, $5 mins/day $10/night. Dealers, some were very rude, others were very nice. Ballrooms are OK, not up to the 5 star standard in my opinion. Nice, but bland. This hotel is a solid 20+ minute drive from the strip (which is great after you've &quot;done&quot; the strip umteen times). Highly recommended.**OMEGA**Fort Wayne, IN	
Feb 9 2005	Paradise Found!	We visited Vegas in September 2004, for six days. We did two days at the Flamingo, two days at the Rio, and two days at JW Marriott. JW Marriot was by far, the nicest property we stayed at. From check in to check out, everything was superb! We felt like royalty upon entering our spacious room with a balcony. The room was everything we could have hoped for. The bathroom, bedroom and sitting area were all large and comfy!   We spent a lot of time relaxing by the pool and for fun we spent a great deal of time at the adjacent Rampart Casino. We did very well there playing video poker, and found it to be quite comforable overall. We discovered that the Casino is more of a locals hangout, and everyone we encountered were quite friendly.   We ate at the buffet, and visited the Irish Pub on the property. I was somewhat disappointed that the band did not play a lot of traditional Irish music, but they were good nonetheless. And you can't beat a pint of Guinness on tap!   Yes, this place is away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. So, if you want a true Las Vegas Experience, then by all means, stay on the strip. But if you want a sophisticated, relaxing atmosphere, then please consider the JW Marriot resort. 	
Jan 28 2005	2nd Honeymoon	We'll never stay anywhere else . . . and why? When the JW has everything, right down to a rain shower! We enjoyed cheap eats from midnight to 6am, and sat back enjoying a beautiful view of the mountains. The staff was at our service . . . we were treated like royalty--REALLY! Spacious, clean accomodations. We will play hookie and come here again and again!Honeymooning from Chicago	
Jan 28 2005	Nice but too far from the strip	I am typing this review as I am in my room at the JW Marriot.  The room is big, the bathroom very nice and the view of the mountains is nice. I walked around the facility yesterday, nice, everything looks good. BUT, I was trying to save on cash and their shuttle to the strip is a great FREE feature, but the shuttle to take us to the strip was late (due to traffic) and after being dropped off at Fashion show Mall, then I had to get a cab to the restaurant and was almost late for that. After hanging out at a great club last night, I had to get a cab back out to the hotel last night at 12am. This was not fun. This morning I seriously considered checking out, and moving to the strip. It's pretty out here, but that isn't what I came to Vegas for! I am going to stick it out, but wish I was in a mid-strip hotel. If you want convience, stay on the strip.	
Jan 27 2005	A Great Choice	An excellent hotel. We had a really large room with a luxury bath, a reasonable price, and the hotel staff went out of their way to be helpful. The hotel has a quiet casino, a good Italian restaurant and they were able to get discounts at decent nearby golf courses. If the traffic is heavy on the freeway, you can easily get downtown on the local streets. It takes about 15 minutes.	
Jan 13 2005	Great hotel - Far from the strip which could be good or bad.	Stayed for 5 nights Dec 30-Jan 3. Hotel was great, room was huge and new. The rooms were far bigger than similarly priced hotels on the strip (although like most reveiwers I used points). Summerlin is great if you want to be in Vegas but not in the craziness. The drive typically took 30 min to the strip (although it was around New Year's which is not typical traffic). Overall, if you are interested in seeing some of outdoor stuff near vegas (Red Rock Canyon is 5 min away), or golf (right next door to TPC), and/or you want a calmer Vegas experience, this place is great. The Irish pub was good, and the casino was also fairly good (bad rules though). They gave us a partial comp on the hotel bill, so don't be afraid to ask. You'll need to rent a car if you visit the strip/downtown often.	
Dec 31 2004	Don't believe the hype	We just went to Vegas for 5 days. Was going to stay at the JW the entire 5 days based on reviews read here using Marriott Rewards points. It was a complete disappointment. The facilities were quite nice as everyone has described, but I wouldn't say it was anything special compared to what you will find on the strip. The major disappointment was the room. The room was huge but empty. It looked very worn. The carpet was dirty and torn up. The bathroom was nice, but again, worn. The maid service was spotty. The first day our room was not made up until late into the afternoon. In the end, we checked out after 2 days and went to THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. Best move we could make. The room at THEhotel was amazing. Was worth the $200 a night we paid. If I had actually been paying for the JW I would have been really, really upset.	
Dec 14 2004	Fabulous Spot Near the Mountains -- Palm Trees Galore	Simply delicious!The hotel is lovely, and the facilities fabulous. The service was impeccable. It is rated 5 star, and that it is!Be sure to try the rain shower in the shower stall.Restaurants pricey, we opted for Casino coffee shop -- they have specials all day long.Odd that hotel and casino are private entities, but they do end up working well together.Many ground floor rooms have fabulous patios, with seating for a small gathering.	
Dec 1 2004 	A cut above	I've stopped in many of the &quot;big&quot; hotels in Las Vegas over the last ten years.Many of them have the big show, or the big frontage, but few have the shear class that the J.W. does. From the moment we arrived we were greeted by the valet parking staff, who were friendly. This continued throughout the whole stay.The rooms were quiet, very spacious, had a great view, and were comfortable. The Jacuzzi bath and rain shower was a tremendous plus.Some would say the location away from the strip is a downside, but I can only say this is a plus, with a very convenient bus service to the strip.The pool area was excellent the only shame being the pool being closed for a day, due to a kid vomiting in the pool :( The question is, are we going back...YES, and for twice as long in march 2005.	
Nov 11 2004	What a weekend !!	Fantastic place to spend some leisure time. Relaxing, Entertaining and what a room! One of the most enjoyable and restful stays my wife and i have had.	
Nov 9 2004	Head off the strip to the JW Marriott	Just got back from my 25th trip to Vegas (so you think I like this place?)! Stayed for the second time at the JW and it only gets better!Spent 3 nights in a junior suite and this hotel gets my 5 stars for one of the best hotels in Vegas. It's about a 20 minute ride to the strip so a rental car is a must, but having stayed at just about every major strip hotel it's a nice break from all the hustle and bustle that goes on inside of these hotels.For starters, you don't need to navigate through the casino maze to get to your room. In fact, the JW has 2 front desks. The main one in the Spa tower and another in the Palm tower. Having stayed in both my only suggestion is to ask for an upgrade to a suite in either tower though even the standard rooms rate better than strip counterparts such as The Mirage, Paris, Caesars, MGM, and Mandalay Bay.Big rooms, huge bathrooms with rain showers and the suites add a beautiful living room with wet bar and a hot tub in the bath.And the rooms are just the beginning. The grounds are spread out and beautifully landscaped like a tropical oasis with waterfalls and secluded grottos. Great pool area, never crowded and very few kids. Spa is probably second only to Canyon Ranch in the Venetian. Great food at the buffet (only open for lunch and dinner), along with one of the top Italian restaurants in all of Las Vegas and a nice little casino if you dont feel like venturing out to the strip.If youve travel to Vegas often, you owe it to yourself to stay at least once at the JW Marriott. Youll have a great time!	
Nov 4 2004	Doesn't Get Any Better Than This	A couple of weeks ago a girlfriend and I booked three days at this wonderful resort. The experience was fantastic! I'm all about luxury, great food and service, and this resort exceeded my expectations. Our room was absolutely gorgeous, immaculate and extremely spacious. The room had two queen beds, sitting area, walk in closet and a small bar area. The bathroom was equally spacious and very luxurious, fully equipped with double sinks, a rain shower and Jacuzzi tub all surrounded by wall to wall marble. Each day's experiences were incredible, beginning with a pit-stop at Starbucks, then breakfast and/or brunch at Ceres Restaurant, which was delicious (ask for Maggie, she's great). The Aquae Sulis Spa was an extremely tranquil and enjoyable experience. The treatment rooms are also quite spacious, as opposed to the claustrophobic cubbie-holes commonly found in LA. My facialist, Kelly, did a superb job. The courtesy and professionalism at this resort is unbeatable. A most pleasurable experience that I hope to enjoy again very soon.	
Oct 31 2004	So relaxing	Having spent the first 4 days of our Vegas trip at the Aladdin and doing the strip thing, we were ready for a relaxing next 5 days. We stayed Friday 1st - Wednesday 6th October. Only about 10 minutes drive out of town, pulled up at the Valet and was greeted by a very happy valet guy. He looked after the car while we checked in. The whole place was very quiet and relaxed. There was one person at reception, and tbh that's all it warranted, it was a very unobtrusive feel to the place. Checked in. Caused a nightmare because I have 4 different reservations for the 5 nights. One of the companies had screwed up and booked 2 beds for one night, as opposed to one bed for 2 nights. She said not to worry and was fine about it all. We were over at the other tower, so back to Valet. Guy opened car doors for us and away we went. Pulled up at the other valet and the guy helped u out with our bags and took car of the car. Room was on the 1st floor and was massive. It overlooked the little river/waterfall that seems to run throught the whole complex. Bed was huge. In the UK we have normal double beds, there I dont think I could even reach out and find my other half. Walk in wardrobe and gorgeous bathroom. It was all soo clean and in A1 condition. Even though there were 3 weddings during our time there, there was never any noise. Pool was lovely but not at all crowded. Valets remembered who we were and where we were from. Its a great position to go off to red rock canyon, and to get back on the interstate. PF Chang, Banana republic and Gap just down the road along with the usual Target and 7/11. The hot tub by the pool, well 2 of them, were open 24 hours a day and were a great size. Free USA Today on weekdays outside your room. Only went in the casino once for the toilet!! Now for the food. Having had breakfast at Paris while on the strip, I dont think any buffet can compare to that. There is no breakfast buffet but lunch starts at 11am so thats no problem as we got up late most of the time. Food was a lot cheaper than the strip but wasnt as good, as Paris. However waitresses were very helpful, there was also a bit of a queue. Sunday, they do a champagne brunch with crab and fresh seafood. In the UK 1kg of prawns cost about $30 in supermarkets, so I took full advantage of the food. I think it was about $13 for champagne brunch. Food was really the only let down, if they got the buffet a bit better (its still on par with say the mirage) they would be 100% there I reckon. Also, one thing to note, we were in our mid twenties and the average age eating in the buffet was of retirement age. I dont care but some people may prefer to be with a younger crowd, altho by the pool everyone was about 30-40 age group. My dad cannot wait to go to Vegas now and check out this hotel.	
Oct 26 2004 	Absolutely wonderful and sincere customer service	As an adminstrative assistant for my marketing department, I spend alot of time researching and arranging travel, tradeshows, events and meetings. It is very nice to know that a resort has true sincere employees who actually like helping others. Customer service is a true art and is alive and well here. Thank you to Jennifer and the staff for all your help! It is truly appreciated. I would highly recommend the J.W. Marriott Resort, Spa &amp; Golf for any corporate event.	
Oct 25 2004	A great experience overall	A girlfriend and I booked a double queen room internet package here for the weekend of 10/15-17/2004. We had a great stay - the room was spacious, smoke free and nicely laid out, the outdoor pool was huge and the Acqua Sulis spa was a great facility. It had indoor and outdoor waterfall showers, multiple sauna and steam rooms, as well as multiple choices of indoor and outdoor varying temperature soaking pools. The hotel was very un-Vegas like in that it was more like a destination resort. This is a place to relax rather than hang off the rafters. You really didn't know that there was a casino on the property until you ventured away from your rooms to the casino connecting the two hotel towers. However, the Strip is only about 12 minutes away by freeway and Downtown is even closer, so partying is always easily available . . .	
Oct 22 2004	Look no further	This was the first trip my girlfriend and I had taking to Vegas, so I decided to make this trip as enjoyable as possible and I have to thank everyone at the JW Marriott Las Vegas and Rampart Casino for helping me succeed. To be honest, short, and to the point, I don't have to worry about where I'm staying ever again when traveling to Vegas, because I'll be staying at JW Marriott Las Vegas Resort, Spa &amp; Golf.Derek West from Dallas gives you a guarantee that you won't be disappointed. I give a special and very big thank you to the Valet service for everything they did. (and it's free).....	
Oct 10 2004	Is the real thing	Just returned from a four-day stay at the JW Marriott, Las Vegas and have to add my kudos to other positive comments on this outstanding property. What really impressed me about this hotel was the excellent service provided by its staff. Upon check-in, I requested a &quot;room with a voo&quot; and I certainly got one with a beautiful room on the fifth floor overlooking the Badlands Golf Course and surrounding mountainside. Absouletly breathtaking. Because my wife needs a refrigerator for her medications, I asked the bellman for one- no problem he said, and 10 minutes later a maintenance man rolled in a small refrigerator at no charge. The rooms are spacious, clean and quiet- a rare combination indeed. The pool area has the same qualities. The whole feel of the property is one of relaxation and class, a far cry from the hectic atmosphere of staying on the Las Vegas strip.We shall return.	
Oct 10 2004	Marriott beats the best	I can't say enough about how fabulous this resort is. My wife said we may move our annual Hawaii trip to Las Vegas! All the reviews I read were correct--although fully booked, we never saw more than 25 people at the pool--more like 10. And the rooms were the best we've ever been in--you could put a Hampton room in the bathroom! Also, if you like quiet rooms (read the other resort reports--scarry!), this is the place to be. Might as well had the place to ourselves. We'll definitely be back!	
Oct 3 2004	Perfect location for visiting family in Sun City	the JW Marriott Las Vegas is the perfect location in Vegas if you are visiting family members in Sun City or Summerlin. We love the hotel atmosphere in the lobby, a much prefered entrance for families with children because you don't enter the hotel through a casino. The rooms are large, the bathrooms are elegant! Don't miss taking a stroll through the gardens.	
Sep 27 2004	Las Vegass Best Kept Secret	Normally I do not disclose to anyone the hotels that I like to stay in for fear that it would become too popular and ruin the atmosphere that drew me to stay there in the first place, but for the JW Marriott Las Vegas I will make an exception because I want the hotel to continue to keep up and continually provide the same quality service, so every time I stay there it would always be like the first time.I just got back from my vacation from the JW Marriott Las Vegas and again I had the best time staying at the hotel. I stayed in an average room with a balcony, but the room was as big as some of the suites I stayed in at other hotels. There is even a walk in closetnot a vanity closet that you get in other hotels. The room has a ceiling fan if you prefer a natural breeze instead of the cold air provided by the air conditioner. The bathroom is the best; it is all marbled with dual vanities, a large Jacuzzi tub, and a rain shower head. Men, this is the bathroom you wont be fighting for space with your significant other. You can do your manly deeds while she does her feminine treatments. This saves an awful lot of time.The grounds are impeccable with manicured lawns with lush tropical conifers, surrounded by koi ponds. We enjoyed just walking around the grounds admiring the serenity of the hotel. The pool is large and spacious in a semi-tropical setting. It was not crowded with sunbathers like you get at the strip hotels. The JW Marriott Las Vegas is after all a Resort &amp; Spa. So, there is always something to do for those wishing to leave the gambling behind from their quaint casino between the two towers. For golfers, I hear the courses are some of the best. If youre into a spa and massage, wait until you get a look at the spa facilities it is awesome to say the least. I used the spa exercise facility and I really worked up a sweat after eating all the good food from their buffet. Speaking of food, the buffet was very, very reasonable priced. There was enough diversity to even please the most discriminating pallets. We ate at the waterside caf for breakfast and sat outside close to the waterfalls. My girlfriend thoroughly enjoyed the romantic setting.I like staying at the JW Marriott Las Vegas because the lobby and the rooms are far away from the casino and you wont have to come down from your room hearing the loud noises and smell the smoke filled rooms like the casinos on the strip. I also like the fact it is away from the strip. I dont particularly like the crowds and the hustle and bustle of the strip. The JW Marriott Las Vegas is not only a great place to get away, but a wonderful place to bring your family.	
Sep 6 2004	JW the place to stay in Vegas	WOW! This is the place to stay when visiting Vegas, especially when traveling with children. One evening spent on the strip only confirmed my feelings. The JW has a large pool with a large waterfall, chairs were never a problem and we were traveling with 4 children and 3 adults during our 8/11 - 8/14 trip. We booked two rooms and they were both wonderful. The bathroom and dressing areas are beautiful and oversized. They have several restaurants, gift shops, and of course the casino. They also run a shuttle service back and forth to the strip. Check the times at the front desk for availability. We used it twice during our stay to go to the strip for a couple of daytime shopping trips. If you like constant night life, noise and crowds, then this is not the place for you. But if you want to stay away from that and you don't mind driving into the strip (a 15/20 drive), then this is the resort for you. Book this, kick back and enjoy!	
Sep 5 2004	The Reviews You're Reading ARE Accurate But I Missed The Strip!	This hotel delivers as promised! Great place and the comments from recent guests holds true. I'll add two more comments about the place (and skip the positives about the staff, the restaurants and the rooms which are all exceptionally good!)The pool at the place is great. Two huge hot tubs and a wonderfully uncrowded large pool.And there's a benefit at the hotel Starbucks. Show your room key and get upgraded to the next biggest (or better) beverage. Okay... not a huge perk but it made my wife very, very happy.I did enjoy the hotel immensely but frankly I missed the hustle and bustle of the strip. I would stay here again if I got the same rate that we had in August but I started checking rates for January and this suddenly does NOT become an inexpensive place. Loved the hotel, restaurants and room. I have no complaints except I realize I prefer the strip. My wife disagrees!	
Sep 1 2004	The Way To Go!	I just returned from a three day stay with my family at the JW Marriott Las Vegas Resort and I'm glad I took the advise of most of those who recommended this resort. We had a wonderful time! I chose this resort as an alternative to one of the hotels on the strip simply because I believed there must be a nice hotel in Las Vegas that wasn't on the strip. I found it in the JW Marriott Las Vegas. Everyone was friendly and very attentive to our needs. We stayed in the SPA tower section of the resort. The room was fantastic - roomy, large bathroom with spa tub and separate rainfall shower. Yes...this was a standard room. Although we made several trips to the 'strip' for sightseeing and a show, we couldn't wait to get back to the resort away from the crowds and enjoy the layed back atmosphere it afforded. Marriott really did some great pre-planning before building this hotel and it shows. We definitely will be staying at this hotel in the future!As a previous reviewer also stated, the JW Marriott is about 15 minutes out of town off HWY 95 and we did encounter an accident on the HWY, which made one of our trips into the strip a little longer, but we didn't mind. We still believe the hotel is the best value around considering what it offers in return. This is definitely a one of a kind off-Strip hotel that is not to be missed.	
Aug 19 2004	JW is my new Boyfriend :)	Absolutely wonderful. The spa was superb, the Italian restaurant was delicious, the cafe by the pool was fantastic, the staff was amazing, the dealers in the casino were all great, and don't get me started on the room. And if we're talking about the room, we can not not mention the bathroom with the waterfall shower and the spa bathtub for two. We were worried about staying off the strip, but now we find that we may never stay on the strip again. If you do choose to go to the strip for a show or dinner, we found that it was quite easy, just go before rush hour and it's real quick. I can't say enough of this resort. And I can't wait to go back!	
Aug 18 2004	A Diamond in the Desert	We just returned from a three night stay at the fabulous J.W. Marriott in Summerlin. My wife and I and our two boys, ages 8 and 11, were looking for a quick, relaxing getaway. My wife adamantly refused to take our boys to any hotels on the strip, but I longed for a little gambling in my favorite city. We compromised and decided on the Marriott. It could not have been a better decision. We booked a junior suite, which was both spacious and impressive. We had two bathrooms, which allowed a family of four to peacefully get ready each morning. We had a jacuzzi tub and a separate walk in shower with a &quot;rainfall&quot; type shower head in the ceiling. Our eight-year-old begged us to let him take a shower at least twice a day. The pool was quite big and we were the only ones there to enjoy it. The casino is small but adequate with a decent sports book. The strip and downtown were minutes away by freeway. This is a great choice for both families and couples looking for an ideal spot for relaxation.	
Aug 13 2004	An Oasis in the Desert	An OASIS in the desert! Our first time &quot;off the strip&quot;, and we fell in LOVE with the gorgeous rooms, mountain views, spa-like bathrooms, and stunning grounds. We slept each night with our french doors open to enjoy the sound of the waterfalls. The restaurants (Ceres &amp; Spiedini) were excellent: offering al fresco and in-door dining. We also enjoyed a fun lunch at the Irish Pub. The pool area is exceptional: and we enjoyed NOT fighting for chairs or awaking at 7:00 a.m. to stand in a line. The staff was very professional and exceptionally courteous. We travelled with friends who also loved this place. The men enjoyed TPC golf course and my friend and I adored the spa: classes, amenities and treatments. In the a.m., we enjoyed a quick trip downstairs to the StarBucks (reg. coffee avail. in the rooms) for an awesome (and reasonably priced coffee.) We paid up to $7.50 for 2 coffees at Caesars. If you're looking for a beautiful spot away from the crowds and hubbub, this is IT. It's the first time in years that we've returned from Vegas RELAXED. (p.s. The Sun Coast is fun for gambling!) No doubt, we're planning our return for 2005.	
Aug 12 2004	Best 'alternative' hotel in Las Vegas hands down.	I travel to Las Vegas @ 10x per year on business (mostly) and pleasure (only when provoked). I've always stayed on &quot;The Strip&quot; in smoke filled, over priced hotels. I've found the Four Seasons and Mandalay Bay to be the best on the strip, but this trip I tried the JW Marriott and *loved* it. The only possible downside of the JW is that it is 15 minutes out of town off of Hwy 95 (gets busy at rush hour) and hotel shuttle stops running at 5pm (isn't that when you'd want to head for the strip?). If you are in Las Vegas for gambling or shopping and want to be on the strip, this is not your place. If you don't like crowds, tourists, smoke or non-family friendly hotels; the JW Marriott is the best value in town.	
Aug 9 2004	We'll be back!!!	VERY NICE!!! This is the second JW Marriott I've stayed at (first was the JW Marriott Desert Ridge Resort &amp; Spa Phoenix) and it was superior in almost every way. My wife and I don't really gamble, and we prefer to visit but not stay on the strip, so this location is perfect for our annual romance getaway to Vegas. We were upgraded to a Jr Suite, which was fabulous! However, the standard rooms look terrific too. The two meals we had on-site were great, and the prices were not bad. We used the (small) free workout room, versus paying $20 for the spa fitness facility, and it was sufficient. The free shuttle is nice, though the schedule should be expanded. Service was above average, but not excellent. Still, I believe the location and amenities warrant the high ratings - I hope you agree!	
Aug 7 2004	nothing better	Apparently alot of people arent opposed to traveling a little farther to appreciate the beauty and spaciousness of this wonderful hotel. I have been coming to this hotel since a good friend became employed there and have always returned. Peaceful atmosphere, wonderful amenities, and beautiful rooms. Do not be put off by the proximity to the strip, this is the best hotel in vegas!!!!!	
Aug 7 2004	Garden of Eden in Sin City	My wife and I just returned from a 5 night stay at this hotel. It was a great place to stay. We wanted an opportunity to relax during the day and play at night. The &quot;strip&quot; has quite a few lovely hotels but as we toured it, we knew we picked the right place. The&quot;Strip&quot; is full of energy, has a lot of wonderful attractions, some great hotels &amp; has something for everyone from 8 to 80 except for...down time. If you are looking to party, hit the strip. I would recommend either the Venetian or the Bellagio simply in terms of ambiance although the skyline of NY NY hotel is something to be marveled at.. Quite frankly.. it IS cool. Be prepared for the sounds of slot machines and cigarette smoke hitting you in the face as your GOOD MORNING! But the Marriott has jazz playing in the hallways as you &quot;stroll the grounds&quot; waterfalls rushing from the lagoons situated all over the property with koi swimming in them. The valet service is free, doors are opened for you, service does appear to be a priority. The rooms are spacious, the beds comfortable, the bathrooms are AWESOME . The pool area is really nice, can certainly relax, although a &quot;kids pool&quot; would be nice. Kids have a right to have fun too, just find them their own area. Personally, I dropped mine off at camp =) We enjoyed having lunch at the Waterside cafe, which has &quot;grilled food&quot;, burgers, chicken salads, Full bar, etc. BTW, the nachos r awesome. The casino is adaquate, has everything you need, it is not a strip casino tho but again, serves the purpose. The dealers are friendly &amp; will help you with whatever you need. THe 24/7 resturant in the casino (think high end coffee shop) really comes in handy at all hours of the day and the food is good. . IF your there, ask for Janice. She was great ( and knows what machines to play!) All in all, we had a great time and would absolutely stay here again. AS a side note, on our next trip, I think I might spend 2 days on the strip and then the rest of my time here, as there is something to be said for being able to stumble back to your hotel room (Strip) rather than have to drive 15 min to get back to it. Again, Marriott = relaxation + resort feel and you just won't get that at any of the strip hotels. Good luck!!!!!!	
Aug 2 2004	good resort....	a real mixed bag...the hotel is very nice and has great amenities, especially the pool. The food was very good and the casino seemed just the right size. The service somewhat up and down. Upon check-in, I requested a room on an upper floor in the Spa Tower. The front desk staff didn't seem overly interested in trying to meet my request and offered me a 2nd fl room in the Palms. However, I did use the concierge service several times during my stay and they were on top of their game. They were always very courteous and accomodated any request. The distance from the Strip can be a plus or negative depending on your taste. It is a $30 cab ride each way, so if you are going to make more than a couple of trips, it can be expensive. This resort is definitely a good alternative to the hustle/bustle of the strip.	
Jul 25 2004	Quiet and away from the crowds	The JW Marriott is around 20 minutes from the strip out by a number of nice golf courses. The rooms are larger than average and well-appointed.Talk about a quiet and laid back place to stay. The pool is very large and we saw no more than 10 people out there on a weekend in the morning. The casino is smaller but has great gaming tables.Service is slow at the casino cafe and the food is just average. Otherwise the hotel staff was great and we enjoyed our stay.	
Jul 22 2004	This hotel does everything right.	My girlfriend and I stayed here on a recent weekend. The room was fantastic. Great bedding, huge bathroom, in-room safe etc. We spent two mornings at the pool which was large and well maintained with plenty of comfortable pool-side seating. If you have small children you'll appreciate that the hotel employs lifeguards. If you're a gambler, the casino has lots of low-limit table games (e.g. $5 double-deck blackjack) and good payout tables for video poker. We ate breakfast at the cafe next to the buffet and both the food and the service were excellent and fairly priced.If you visit in the summer I suggest making the 20-30 minute drive to the Mt. Charleston area. We did a couple of 2 mile hikes and the 80-degree sunny weather which was a nice break from the 105 heat of Vegas. The views of the Vegas valley are amazing.	
Jul 18 2004	Avoid the strip hustle and bustle!	This was a great change of pace to avoid the strip. It is located near the beautiful red rock canyon area so a rental car is a MUST for this location otherwise transporation to/from the airport will run about $35 one way. The service was excellent and the rooms are very large. This hotel grounds are beautifully landscaped and it is nice to strool through the courtyard after a long day and admire the views. We really liked to watch the young ducklings entertain as they explored the creek running through the property.	
Jun 22 2004	What a nice change of pace!	We were at JW Marriott from 6/6-6/10. We knew it was away from the strip, but thought we'd probably go to the Strip sometime during our stay. We did not. The hotel was lovely, the grounds impeccable, the pool uncrowded and very pleasant. We ate at all of the restaurants except for the buffet. The meals were priced very reasonably for what you got and they were all excellent. The casino had everything you needed, except for a poker parlor. The slots kept you playing ... my husband won $1,200 on a quarter machine and another $540 on another quarter machine. The blackjack tables had low minimums, $5-10, and dealt out of double decks instead of auto shuffling shoes like on the strip. I never left a blackjack table without more money than I sat down with. We walked everyday over to SunCoast and to the Boca Mall, which was a pleasant walk and had some very nice shops. We really did not feel the need to leave and go to the Strip. We will definitely return. I highly recommend it.	
Jun 14 2004	Great Hotel	We have stayed twice and look forward to our next visit.The spa is fabulous!	
Jun 11 2004	Superb Resort in Las Vegas	We've now stayed in three J.W. Marriott hotels (Miami, NY, Las Vegas). It's a terrific signature chain. The beds and linens are always great, and the rooms are large and well-appointed. The JW in Vegas is superb. Service was terrific. We liked it better than the Venetian, at which we stayed for our second night in town. The pool is huge! This is a classy joint, a great place to relax just outside of Vegas.	
May 24 2004	JW - Tranquil and lovely in NW Vegas	After reading many of the other posts and now having stayed a week, I have my own ideas about this resort. First the major plusses: it is very beautiful, well planned, lush, with a great pool. It is absolutely NOT crowded, even though the hotel is full. The prices in the restaurants are anything BUT expensive (lunch buffet 8.99 and better than anything on the Strip for twice the price - coffee show with everything under ten bucks - this place is cheap compared to the strip or even a regular kind of restaurant - and the food is very good), nice easy to navigate casino, incredibly nice front desk people, especially adria in the Palms tower - the rooms, while big, are very plain - but the jacuzzi tub in the very nice bathroom is a plus. . The negatives - if you are into action and having lots of entertainment options, this place is not for you. I loved hanging at the lovely pool, which is very large, with two big jacuzzi tubs. The lounge chairs aren't too comfy, but they are fine. There is a waitress taking orders, a nice grill at the pool and it is beautiful. You feel like you are in Hawaii. The room was large, but very plain. There were two beds, an office type desk with fast internet connection at 9.95 per day, great marble bathroom with small shower with rain showerhead, private toilet, and a great jacuzzi tub that filled fast and was great to lie in. The views are fine, but there are no balconies to speak of, just french doors that open up onto the view. Avoid third floor mountain view rooms because there is a concrete wall that goes half way up the window, blocking the view. Also avoid the rooms that face the Suncoast casino. they are building and there is a lot of construction noise. Try to get the rooms above the 30's. The hotel has two towers, and there is really no difference between one or the other. For food, there is the buffet, which is cheap and oustanding. The coffee shop is run of the mill, but very reasonable, and there is an Irish pub, Starbucks and an italian restaurant. They are all good and very reasonable. I can't imagine how anyone could say the restaurants here were pricey. That's ridiculous. They need to go to the strip and see what expensive is.You really need a car to stay here. They have shuttle service to the strip, but it is infrequent and doesn't go late except on weekends. They have free valet parking so its a breeze.The casino is perfect, not too big but with everything you'd want. I felt very rested and relaxed here, but when I wanted to just walk out onto the strip, that was not possible. It is very very quiet and tranquil here. Enjoy.	
May 23 2004	Perfect hotel/vacation but rent a car at the airport!!!!	We had the most Fabulous, near perfect vacation for our family and friends with a wedding we just hosted this weekend!!! The hotel was exceptional, the staff was friendly and accomodating, everything couldn't have been nicer... the only glitch for us all weekend was transporting family/guests who were hoping for either a hotel shuttle from the airport or for us to come back to the airport and get them... which wasn't convenient at all. Getting a rent a car makes it all easy... from cruising quickly (10-12) minutes to the strip for a show, getting to Fashion Show MAll or outlet malls for shopping, or just going 10 busy blocks away to the drug store, Cheesecake Factory, Euphoria Spa(nails, hair, makeup) or easy transport for any of the adjoining golf courses. or golfing etc. The hotel was flawless and the catering/wedding staff did an exceptional job for us!	
May 21 2004	Great!	Well, this was one of the best vacations I have ever been on! My husband and I recently got married and were looking for a relaxing romantic oasis type resort where we could also gamble. That's exactly what JW Vegas was. It was somehow peaceful and exciting. It was relaxing and adventurous. We loved the giant room with the marble and jacuzzi, etc. We loved our balcony with the view. We loved the price. I didn't love the bed. It was really hard and uncomfortable and the blanket was thin and scratchy(I figured they did that so you couldn't sleep and would want to go gamble), but besides that and the cocktail waitresses in the casino being rude to me, it was a perfect vacation. The spa was wonderful. The dealers were fun and outgoing. The hotel was beautiful! There was even a Starbucks which made me very happy. This is THE place for couples who are looking to get closer and have fun, not for people looking to see and be seen like on the strip. I highly recommend the spa! It was heavenly.	
May 5 2004	Paradise!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	This place is absolutely wonderful; I go at least three times a year. The grounds are impeccable. The only problem I have is that there isn't one in my neighborhood. Say Hi to Guy @ Check in counter... He's way cool!!!	
Apr 14 2004	An oasis from the Strip-Love the JW Marriott!	The JW Marriott Las Vegas offers the finest room for the common man in the city. The Four Seasons floors at the Mandalay Bay does have the finest strip view. The JW rooms have nicer carpet, larger bathrooms, and walk-in closets. The Champagne Sunday brunch is ultra inexpensive and the best I have encountered in Las Vegas to date.	
Apr 13 2004	Fun and Romantic	I stayed at the JW Marriott 4/8/04 through 4/11/04. My girlfriend and I were celebrating our anniversary and I suggested we stay here. At first, she wasnt too sure that she wanted to stay here. The fact that most reviews say that this hotel is 15 minutes away from The Strip made us believe it was in the middle of nowhere. Being 15 minutes (or less) from The Strip ended up being one of the hotels best features. We have stayed at hotels on The Strip before, but as you all know, traffic can get pretty nasty throughout the day. Commuting to the different interest points from the JW was quite easy. Freeway access was nearby and traffic wasnt a problem for us considering it was the Easter weekend. When we first got there on Thursday, my girlfriends mouth literally dropped open when we caught a glimpse of the JW. The landscaping around the resort is absolutely beautiful. Palm trees decorate the entrance to the parking lot along with pretty little pink and white flowers. At night, the palm trees were lit up with rope lights, which made it look really nice. There was also a babbling brook with a small waterfall in the front of the resort. Absolutely beautiful! Being our first time there, we werent sure where we should go to check in, but the guys at the valet were very helpful and they pointed us in the right direction. As we walked in, two of the valet guys opened the doors for us and greeted us. Stepping into the JW for me was like stepping into a whole new world. It was like walking into my dream home. My girlfriend and I do not have a lot of money but we both agreed that we definitely got our moneys worth. We were able to book the JW for 3 nights for a total of $450. The lobby is absolutely lovely. There were chairs in front of a fireplace directly in front of us as we were walking in. I looked to the left and to the right and found more sitting areas, which really made the JW feel homelike. Once we reached the Concierge, Patricia, one of the JWs hostesses, greeted us. She was really polite and she really made us feel welcome. My boyfriend and I are in our early 20s and we did notice that most other people were in their mid-30s and up, but we didnt get treated any differently. We asked Patricia if we could have a room in the Spa Tower and she quickly honored our request. She told us she would give us a room on the 5th floor and it had a little balcony. She then gave us a map of the JWs amenities and handed us our room keys. The whole Check-In took under 10 minutes! The elevators were right around the corner from the concierge. We eagerly went up to the 5th floor to check out the room. The room was lovely! I went in and dropped my luggage and explored the room. My first stop was the bathroom. The marble floors and marble tile really blew me away! The Jacuzzi tub for two looked very inviting. Big mirrors surround the Jacuzzi. You can also play around with the light to create a well-lit bathroom or dim the lights for a more romantic setting. The towels that were sitting next to the Jacuzzi were neatly folded and had a little soapbox sitting on top of them. There was a tower rack with one towel next to the Jacuzzi. The standing shower has a glass door. In the shower you have the option of using the traditional showerhead or you can use the rainfall shower, which allows the water to come down from the ceiling and fall down directly on you. There were two sinks with a big mirror. There was also a lit, magnified make-up mirror. They also had neatly folded washcloths, with little bottles of mouthwash, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and body lotion. Here we also found a little soapbox. There was also a hair dryer and a tissue box that had the tissue neatly folded into an accordion shape. There was another little decorative box, which could be used for storing other toiletries. Next to the hair dryer was another towel rack with two towels. Cupboards under the sinks were very spacious and a decorative trashcan was also under the sink. Room service was really good about taking out the trash and providing us with fresh towels every day. There is also a private toilet room, which also contains a phone inside. There was a volume control button within the bathroom to control the volume of the Surround Sound System. We also had a clothes hamper underneath another one of the towel racks. Next we found the walk in closet. We turned on the light inside the closet and checked it out. We found wooden hangers and two white terry bathrobes. On top of a shelf we found two extra pillows. There was an ironing board and an iron and they even had a bottle of water to be used exclusively with the iron. We also found a small sewing kit and a safe. There was also a garment rack ready for use. Moving on we found a little lit mirrored area where we found the coffee maker and gourmet coffees. Here we found 4 glasses ready to be used and we found a cooler. There was a full-length mirror on the wall next to the wooden armoire in which the TV was enclosed. In here we found a keyboard and a PlayStation controller. Next to the TV was a table with a Hotel Directory binder and a catalog with 2004s Best Hotels. There were two chairs next to the table. There were also plenty of electrical outlets available to be able charge our cell phones. The curtains were absolutely lovely because they allowed to create different mood settings as well. We had French Doors, which led out to the balcony. The balcony gave us a nice view of The Strip and of the golf course across the street. Back inside the room we found a comfortable chair, and a small loveseat next to a small wooden coffee table with 2 magazines. There was also a floor lamp behind the loveseat. We found two nightstands, one on each side of our King bed. Both had spacious drawers. There was a phone, a pen, and a notepad on one of the nightstands, and an alarm clock radio on the other side. The bed was neatly made and it had clean, thick linens. The thermostat was set to a comfortable 73 degrees. The room also had a ceiling fan and a ceiling lamp that had a dimmer. The room was absolutely lovely! We both agreed that this is the best hotel that we have ever stayed at! We didnt get a chance to use the spa or go to any of the shops and restaurants, but we did get a chance to check out the Rampart Casino. Payout is fairly good, and their staff is very friendly and helpful. One other area that we did get to check out was the pool. Walking out towards the pool area we just saw more beauty. There was a small pond with mini waterfalls with fish. On that Saturday afternoon we were able to see a garden wedding being set up. The bride and groom looked very happy, so I am considering finding out how much it is to have our wedding here too. The pool area was spectacular. There was a lifeguard on duty and they had plenty of fluffy towels to use. Lounge chairs were available all around the pool. There was a waterfall. Nearly the whole pool was 3 feet deep, and from what I saw its deepest was 4 feet. Cabanas were available for rental. I also saw two Jacuzzis, Im not sure if there were more. The Jacuzzis werent overly crowded. The only downside that I saw to the pool was the fact that it closes at 5pm. But oh well, rules are rules, and this wouldnt be an issue to not make me want to come back. I have to say that the valet guys were very courteous and helpful. When I would leave my car theyd give me my receipt quickly and on my way out theyd have my car ready for me within minutes and would help us with any bags. Theyd also open the doors to the car for us. Checkout of the hotel was also done in less than 10 minutes. Once again, our hostess was Patricia and she said she hoped we enjoyed our stay and wished us a safe trip home. I would highly recommend the JW to everyone who is looking for a fun and romantic stay in Vegas.	
Apr 5 2004	Tops in Vegas	Magnificent property with everything you could want except the overwhelming crowds of the hotels on the strip. The spa is first rate, the Ceres dining room is beautiful, and it even includes a casino. The standard rooms are quite large with jacuzzi tubs and rainfall showers. If you want elegance a short distance from the strip, this is the place.	
Mar 20 2004	Amazing Escape to Luxury	I was surprised at how well this hotel does its job, especially for the price. The spa is truly amazing. Even if you don't get a service, you should pay the $20 to enjoy the pools and fitness facilites. They have a great dance/yoga studio too. It was one of the nicest spas I've been to. On the downside, you have to walk thru a smoky casino to get to it. We spent 3 nights here and did not want to leave for our hotel on the strip. It is nice to be off the strip--way off. I thought the service was pleasant and polite and the rooms, especially the bathroom, were extraordinary. Almost as nice as a Four Seasons and about 1/4 the price.	
Mar 20 2004	Third stay; love it!	This was our third stay at JW. It continues to draw us back as the grounds and facilities are top notch. This trip was in mid-March.We again stayed in the Spa tower where the bathroom is spacious with marble everywhere. The rainfall shower is fantastic, and the jacuzzi tub can't be beat.To be sure, the place has its flaws, but they are minor. For example, our room with two queen beds, while roomy enough, lacked comfortable chairs or a couch. It came with a table and two standard chairs. There were a few chips on the furniture, but nothing to get upset about. The in-room coffeemaker was a nice plus.The pool area is fabulous and uncrowded. If you've ever stayed at a strip megaresort with a nice pool, you'll appreciate the lack of crowds.We did not find the traffic to and from the strip to be a major issue, but I'd advise avoiding rush hour as we saw some tie-ups on the freeway. With such a fantastic resort, there's little reason to go to the strip, except for the occasional show. If you've had your fill of the strip crowds, this would be an excellent choice. It also puts you close to Red Rock Conservation Area, which is a great side-trip.	
Mar 11 2004	Great!	I have stayed here 2x. Loved it! Had a 2 bedroom HUGE suite the last time. It was gorgeous. View is wonderful--just NOT CLOSE to the strip if taht is what you are looking for. I enjoy this classy hotel!	
Feb 11 2004	We've come back 2 times!	After being devoted Mirage fans for years, we decided to give JW at try because of a deal they were offering. The grounds are gorgeous and the rooms were also. We were upgraded to a suite but only after having to ask. We usually are upgraded automatically at Marriotts because of our platinum status. Then we were given a lecture about how upgrades were only given if they were available. This was less than six months after Marriott bought the property and the staff did not seem to be on board with the &quot;Marriott Way&quot;. They were less than helpful the entire time. Still, we came back again because of the fabulous pool, grounds and rooms. The second time (spring 2003) the staff was much more helpful and courteous. While we didn't try the restaurants or casino that is on the property, there are GREAT restaurants just down the street (Cheesecake Factory and Claim Jumper). If you want the bustle and nightlife of the strip around you 24-7 then this isn't your place. If you want a relaxing getaway with the strip nearby this is perfect!	
Jan 23 2004	Wonderful place!	We had a room with a patio in the Palms Tower which was absolutely amazing! Room was oversized, bathroom was huge and the jacuzzi tub was fun! Despite being far from the strip, it was a fabulous, relaxing, quiet place to stay. Will definitely consider it again.	
Jan 19 2004	Wow!	The JW Marriott in Las Vegas was superb! The rooms are very large and comfortable-even the standard room feels like a suite! My husband and I stayed there over Halloween and we loved it so much that we have returned back to the Hotel twice in 2 months! The spa jucuzzi tub in the room was very relaxing and the seperate shower with the rain feature was very relaxing!Even the Casino located in the hotel (Rampart) was very good. The only part of the stay we did not enjoy was the Rampart coffee shop-the service there was horrible! (But it's not part of the JW just attached.) We highly recommend the JW in Vegas!	
Jan 9 2004	Best service in Vegas!!	Stayed here with the wife over the New Year weekend. We wanted to stay away from the craziness of the strip. The service was unbelievable. Checking in, we asked for specific requirements after reading some of the previous reviews here. Carisa, the front desk person, not only showed us a map and description of each available rooms, but offered to escort us to preview each!! The room we did choose was terrific. The bathroom was enormous, with a separate shower and a 2 person whirlpool tub. The bed was nicely firm, with thick linen. The room was also very quiet. The attached casino was also nice - not too large, but with all the games that we'd look for, and not too crowded. On top of it all, we got a great deal at $123 a night, including a $32 voucher for breakfast everyday. The entire experience was positive and we are planning to stay here again the next time we are in town.	
Dec 17 2003	Great Place	Stayed here for two nights while on a business trip (seriously!!) and it could not have been better. Check-in was great, facilities are clean, spacious, well appointed, and staff could not have been any friendlier or helpful. Rooms are large and, at least the one I stayed in, had french doors to a small balcony. The strip is only a short drive away so this is a perfect location for those who want to avoid the constant crush of that area.	
Dec 4 2003	Perfect!	Beautiful hotel. Close enough to the Strip but also far enough away. Very tasteful, we loved it!	
Oct 31 2003	JW Marriott Was Fantastic	The J.W. Marriott was great (stayed 9/26/03-10/04/03. Very short trip to The Strip which we decided was not worth leaving the JW for. The hotel staff is wonderful. The best service I have had in a long time. Much better than the Venetian where I stayed 10 days after the JW. The spa is out of this world. Only complaint is too many locals in the casino which made the craps table one of the most boring I have played. With respect to golf, forget Badlands and Angel Park. If you can get on TPC, go for it. Otherwise, you must try Las Vegas Paiute (30 min drive but well worth it), or Siena (closer and in very good shape). All in all, I highly recommend the JW.	
Oct 21 2003	Loved JW	Spent OCT12&amp;13th. here and did not want to leave for our next room on THE STRIP...The room &amp; grounds were so CLEAN, relaxing and comfortable. We were on the 6th floor with a gorgeous view from the balcony of THE STRIP. Huge room &amp; bath were just unbelievable! (We did not eat or really gamble on the premise.) We did use the beautiful pool, which we had all to ourselves both morning and afternoon.The entire place is surrounded by babbling brooks, waterfalls and lagoons to sit by. We will be coming back here again, as it was just great to have some down time after spending most of the day fighting huge crowds on the Strip. We had rooms at MIRAGE&amp;VENETIAN, but the pool and grounds were simply a mob scene ...JW was a like a refreshing piece of heaven to come back and rest at. Well worth the 15-20min. drive. By the end of the trip, we wished we had stayed here the entire time!	
Oct 13 2003	Absolutely Marvelous	We stayed here for 4 days from 10/2/03 to 10/6/03 and was somewhat leary because of some of the reviews. I was totally impressed with the facility and the rooms it was absolutly marvelous. The bathroom is to die for. Two sinks, a private toilet room, jacuzzi and waterfall shower. The floors in the room are marble and the view was fantastic. If you want to spend some quiet, quality time this is the place. It is 15 minutes from the strip if you go the easy way, if you get lost it will take you at least an hour to get here. The grounds are beautiful, the casino is first class not nearly as noisy, busy and smokey as downtown strips. I would highly reccommend this resort for anyone who wants to go to Vegas but get away from it all.	
Sep 15 2003	It's not all that	We arrived at the Marriott on 9-12-03 through 9-14-03. There are two towers The Palms and The Spa. Make sure you request the Palms it's newer. The Spa Tower is some what rundown- walls, etc. Bed was comfy along with temp setting. We requested non-smoking and received ,which was nice. I pampered myself with the stone therapy and it was great. My mother did the Swedish spa and she was very dissappointed. The therapist did not massage any of her anterior body. I did not like the fact that in the spa area there are signs posted everywhere regarding the age limits of children-under the age of 12 you need an adult. Well I was the adult and they told me that he still was unable to swim in the pool inspite of the MISLEADING sign by the pool. I complained and to know avail. Their excuse was insurance purposes and that chilren have to be 18. He even suggested to send my son by himself to the pool. How dissapointed I was. The buffet is terrible and full of filler up food. Advice- go somewhere else like the Suncoast-great buffet and good prices too. Especially brunch. In the gaming area we found them not friendly at all. Wont do again not worth the money.	
Sep 10 2003	Loved JW Marriott	I honestly cannot say enough nice things about it. They had the most beautiful pool and landscaped grounds....it was so pretty it made for relaxing and peaceful enjoyment. The hotel and grounds were gorgeous and clean. This hotel had the greatest bathroom that I have ever been in - huge jacuzzi bathtub for 2, large shower with the overhead nozzle with ample water pressure...felt like you were standing under a waterfall. The complimentary travel size shampoos and conditioners were the best I have ever used in a hotel. This was the most well lit hotel bathroom I've been in (which is great when applying make up-most other hotels I've stayed in do not have sufficient br lighting)..oh, even had a magnified make up mirror. If I visited Vegas again, I would stay here. It was only a short drive to the strip...also close to major shopping and restaurants. The food was great, the staff always friendly and helpful. I was amazed at all the extras this hotel provided - great clothes hangers, robes, great sized towels...lots of extra pillows, comfortable bed, small frig, exercise room. I would almost love to live in this hotel! I know it does not sound like much, but it was a great experience.You will need a rental car..or taking a cab from JW to the strip would be very expensive it you plan to do it more than a couple of times. The hotel provided a free shuttle but it was only m-f, like 9am-5pm.I liked this hotel better than any that I have ever stayed at. I was here for a conference and since I had never been to Vegas thought I would stay one extra night and stay on the strip for the experience and convenience. I stayed at the Venetian, it was nice but I liked Marriott much better, other than the Ventian was a suite and had a living room.	
Aug 18 2003	Upgraded to a suite! Awesome!	Our organization stayed at the JW Marriott in June as part of a convention. The hotel was sold out and when we came in, they didn't have our 3 rooms ready. They called us over and asked if we would be willing to share a suite instead. This suite had 2 huge bedrooms, 3 giant bathrooms, and over 2200 s.f. It also had a balcony overlooking the strip. It was, without a doubt, the most elegant, wonderful hotel room we'd ever been in. The grounds were spectacular, the pool was gorgeous, and the hotel staff was wonderful. The only black spot in this otherwise perfect trip was the wait staff at the restaurants (with the exception of the pub, they were great). The wait staff was rude, slow, and downright awful. I suggest the managment invest in a new restaurant staff.	
Aug 14 2003	The kids loved it too!	This is a first class resort! The rooms are spacious, the service is excellent, and the kids loved the pool. If you are interested in relaxing off the strip, this is the ticket for you. I loved it because the trip into town was short but the pace at the resort was relaxing.	
Aug 3 2003	Poor service! from a loyal Marriott customer	We stayed on the strip for 4 days from July 16- 20,03. Then were looking forward to our 3 days off of it based on the reviews we read about the J.W.Marriott. Boy were we disappointed. The room was nice, nice shower, nice pool. nice in every way but only nice at best. The service was poor. Nothing spectacular! Didn't go out of their way to make you feel as if you were paying for anything. Expected it to be wonderfull based on others reviews and the number 2 spot. Guess that their ability to be nice had run out on all of the guests prior to us. Should of stayed on the strip at the Mirage for the rest of our trip. We were treated like royalty!	
Jul 28 2003	Special resort away from the crowds	(7/28/03) I just stayed at the resort and it proved to be as impressive as the reviews I read before I went. It is about 15 minutes (by car) from the strip in a very nice area. The hotel itself is architecturally stunning and the grounds are immaculate. If you want to stay away from the crowds this is the place. The staff is very attentive and unobtrusive. The pool is wonderful and the casino right in the middle of the two towers.	
Jul 15 2003	Next trip I'll take The Strip		
Jul 10 2003	Close yet far enough from the Strip		
Jul 6 2003	Live the life of luxury!		
Jun 25 2003	Great Out-of-Vegas Experience		
Apr 3 2003	Jewel of Las Vegas!		
Mar 18 2003	Wow! Wow! Wow!		
Mar 8 2003	Best in Vegas!		
Aug 21 2002	Fantastic Resort		
Jul 14 2002	Home Sweet Home!		
Apr 1 2002	Beautiful Hotel!		
Aug 30 2009 	Parfait mais ne l'bruitez pas		
Jul 2 2009 	???????????????		
Jun 11 2009 	Schnes Hotel vor den Toren von Vegas		
Dec 2 2008 	??????????		
Sep 22 2008 	Parfait !		
Sep 6 2008 	abseits vom trubel		
May 5 2008 	Luxus in lockerer Atmosphre		
