Sep 10 2008	Worst place to stay	Everyone seemed nice when I just got there to check in. Apparently that was only time. After you pay them the costumer service stops. I had a problem with my phone connection. They said they were going to get it checked, nobody came by for a day so I asked to speak to the manager, her name was Dana Alexander, I complained and she hung up on me.  I also got a notice to pay for a pet deposit or leave. I dont have a pet. I dont know where they got that idea. Honestly I think the manager was just trying to find a way to kick me out. She does not care about lossing costumers, with the economy down and people lossing there houses they got nowhere to go, at least here they dont ask for your rental history, they dont need a whole months deposit. They actually make more money with new tenants. Thats how I ended up in here. But its not really cheap either, its close to about 1000 a month for a 1 small bedroom, they have a bed, a couch and a small table witch I had to put a paper in one of the pole to make it stand straight . and 2 chairs but there all so cheap. I bet I can get all the furniture inside this place at a yard sale for 50 bucks. Well I did'nt expect luxury, it is budget suites after all. But as a costumer I expected a little bit of courtesy. All I got from the place was harassment, and stress. That place is a total scam.	
Aug 10 2007 	What The Hell?	I moved to Las Vegas and needed a place to stay until my house was ready. Obviously, most hotels do not accept pets, then there was Budget Suites. They are budget, but they are not suites. The property is filled with drugs, unsupervised children and in the office, a wide variety of rude, unprofessional staff.Do not expect to get much if you choose to stay here. Yes, it's long term and cheap, but what you save is spent wondering why you chose to subject yourself and family to this sort of nonsense.The rate they quote you is not what you pay. After surcharges and fees, expect to pay 50% more and get a room with a terrible couch, a matress thats 15 years old and an overall filthy room that contains the remnants of previous tenants.	
