Oct 8 2009	Old reviews are more accurate than recent ones	I thought this hotel would be decent because all the recent reviews were good and all the older reviews were terrible. I thought perhaps they had a change of management. WRONG. This place is a dump, not very clean, cigarette holes in the sheets, etc. The staff was very nice though, at least the ones that spoke and understood English. I think you could find a better budget hotel than this one. No pool, either even though the site has a picture of one. Very disappointed but we dealt with it for 2 nights. At least, no bed bugs.	
Jun 14 2009 	Rooms smell like cigarettes	i asked for nonsmoking room. nahhhh! they said it was nonsmoking but stank like smoke. gross.	
Apr 18 2009 	Don't Bother	This place is a dump. The first thing we saw as we drove into the parking area was a huge sign that read &quot;PARK AT YOUR OWN RISK&quot;. The first room we got was filthy and uncleaned. WE asked for another room and at least it was cleaned, but was in terrible shape. The floor was uneven and felt like it had patches underneath the carpet. The other customers were very drunk and noisey all night long. I could wait to check out the next day and leave. The next time I go to Las Vegas I will stay far away from the strip and pay a little more for peace of mind and some good sleep. DON&quot;T STAY HERE !!!!	
Mar 1 2009 	Waste of time	I had booked this hotel based on the opinion before of lets give it a chance. We booked it online, we didn't get there until late (approx 11:00 pm.) The front of the hotel was nice (as they are remodeling), but when I went to check in , they couldn't find my reservation, luckily, I had my paper that it was confirmed and they got us in. The first room key they gave us we tried to open the door and the little lock that is over the bulb of the door was on, meaning someone was in that room. My husband went back and got another room key and we got into our room just fine. When we got to our room it looked kind of like the internet picture only DIRTY. Yes, our room was dirty. The bathroom had hair ALL over the floor, no towels and the plug that goes into the bath tub was missing. It was gross. The beds were dirty as well. I lifted up my pillow to move it and there were stains under that pillow. So I kept the pillow down (which had hair on the sheets) and I put my pillow over. My husband and I ended up using a sleeping bag over all of the bed to sleep on. The bed was also not comfortable at all. Not at all. The room was just gross.We were told that the hotel had internet, we couldn't get connected to it even though my computer said we were connected, we think it was just down, not a big deal. It looked like it hasn't been vacuumed. When we noticed that the bathroom didn't have towels my husband went and got some from the front and brought them back to hang up, one of them had make up all over it and the other one had rust stains. So not worth it. We had to leave early for our business and ended up just checking out and asking for our money back. The hotel employee at the front desk was nice and my husband ended up getting both nights refunded. We left at 4:50 am for our work. That night was a joke. We heard the air conditioner from upstairs the WHOLE night. My husband thought it was ours at first, but it wasn't. This place would be SO nice if it was finished being redone, but as of right now, until I could be sure, I will NEVER go back. It just wasn't worth it.	
Dec 15 2008 	loved the stay	Even after readind the previous reviews I decided to book room at this hotel and to my surprise it was not bad at all. The hotel looked remodeled. Tha staff was friendly. I was with my family so I enjoyed the stay . Nice clean and quiet hotel. The bed was comfortable.Will stay again at this hotel.	
Aug 1 2008 	Dont stay there!	Way too far from the strip unless you want to walk two miles everyday as a work out. The room was clean but the hotel smells like cigarettes! Wouldnt go back there...	
Jun 23 2008 	Take your money and run...	This hotel is by far the worst on the Vegas strip. The carpets and walls are a depressing, tobacco-stained shade of grey, and the lobby, casino, and hallways can smell pretty bad. At times I plugged my nose on my way through the hotel. I could not spend an extra minute anywhere in the lobby and casino areas. After waiting in a horrendous line to get checked in, there were still people in the room we were given- they hadn't even checked out yet!! Our guess is that the owners are just waiting to be bought out by someone who will just tear the place down and make a brand new hotel. There are most definetly no high-rollers here, so I suggest staying some place else if you possibly can, although the state of the hotel couldn't ruin our fun in Vegas!!	
May 6 2008 	Never never again!	This was the most horrible hotel experience I've ever had. Had we not paid for a three nights in advance, we'd have checked out.We arrived in town early tired and wanted to check in. We were told the room was ready but that we couldn't check in until 3 PM. I travel a lot and every time I'm early and the room is ready, I've been allowed to check in. It's basic customer service. This is Las Vegas folks! People are coming and going all the time. If the room is ready, let the guest check in.Next, the pool was closed for renovation. Would have been nice to been told this when we made the reservation.Next, my pillow was only about 2 inches thick. I was told they don't provide any more either.The continental breakfast was strong coffee and bagels. No cereal, fruit or pastry.Our room had cheap mini blinds that didn't work. You couldn't open or close them and they barely blocked any light.Lastly, the shower was broken. You had to take a bath.I'll never stay there again and would suggest that you not either.	
Jan 21 2008 	nothin works sorry	My husband and I are in the process of moving to Las Vegas with our 2 daughters. He lives and works in Las Vegas stays with his parents,Me and our 2 daughters still live in california.To get a little privacy for the weekend we decided to book a little room for us for the weekend. Before the big move date in Feb. 2008. I drvoe up right after work on a friday night , I called the hotel to let them know that I would be arriving a little late. No Problem the Front Desk tells me. My husband and I pull up to the hotel its dark parking lot empty.Go to check in there is NO hot water NO T.V . NO nothin. NO nothin the front desk girl has nothin to say BUT i sorry nothin is working... Ask about my refund she lets me know if I like me and my husband are more that welcome to stay ther for the night ....WHAT ? nothing is working sorry..I have to get on my cell to book another room all the way back a state line . I don't ever,ever,never want to even think about that hotel I will never recommend that hotel to my worst enemy .They need to tear it down and start from scratch. I front desk girl could have told me this over the phone when i called to let her know I was coming in for late check in. Take this hotel off the map before someone actually stays there.	
Oct 15 2007 	A Real Toilet of a Place	I booked this &quot;dive&quot; from the AAA for 10/12/2007. After circleing around we finally found &quot;it&quot;. The red carpet that we were greated with was filthy, worn through and totally ratty. We entered and checked it. That was an experience in itself. We were handed our &quot;warning papers&quot; certifying that if we brought any animals in they would charge us $100.00, and ask us to leave. As we had none, we signed the papers. We checked in room 1027, as it was handicapped accessable. Upon entry, my wife wanted to leave right then and there. The grab rails in the bathroom was coming off the wall, with drywall, chunks on the floor. We could not find the remote to the television,so we went to the front desk to notify them that one was not there. They explained that they are always are being stolen, and that the issue them at the front desk. OK, so I got one. The Breakfast.....consisted of coffee, plain white bread, and a prepackaged small donut. Just before 6:30AM my wife looked out the window, to witness the manager filling up the coffee pot with the garden hose, directly out our front window.. YUM, YUM. There is no coffee maker in the rooms either!!Oh, the insence is constantly being burned inside and outside!!and the list goes on. My AAA will get an earful about this place when I return home. Next time, I will sleep in the street! The picture of this place is not what it appeares. They only wish it would.	
May 28 2007 	In The Ghetto!	Okay, first off this hotel is so hard to find... its off Sahara Ave.... over a bridge, under a freeway and in the ghetto. There's some adult book store and strip clubs around, but really thats it. Its at the end of the strip about a mile from the older casino's like Circus Circus... but even that isnt an easy walk... like I said its under a freeway and over a bridge and then its quite some way down Sahara, before you reach a street that has some Casino's on it. We had to either take a taxi, which took us on some crazy long way, that cost $12 just to get to New York, New York.... or I had to drive my car to go have fun and drink and then walk back at night... which I dont recommend unless you want to be robbed or killed. The hotel was being remodeled, so as you walk in, its just got all these sheets up everywhere. The paint on the walls was this obnoxious orange textured color... the staff was okay... they make you feel like an [---] if you need a map or anything else. Wouldnt lend us scissors to cut a tag off clothes... The hallways are hot, they dont have the air on... its stuffy and the carpet is this green color thats completely stained. Our hotel room didnt have a working fan in the bathroom... the drain gets stuck... there were 3 burned out lights in my room and they send a maintenance guy in the middle of the night when I was in a towel about to take a bath... Even then, he never changed the bulbs, just checked to make sure I wasnt lying by trying to switch on the lights and then left. There was only a continental breakfast on Saturday, not on Sunday when we left... and we didnt have enough towels. I asked for another towel and the guy at the counter told me that they didnt have anymore and handed me a floor mat... oh yeah and when I asked about a late check out... the Jeffrey Dahlmer look alike on the late shift, told me that they were booked up the next day, so there was no way Id get a late checkout. This place was a dump! At one point the guy in the room across the hall, was screaming at the top of his lungs at someone in the room... GHETTO!!!	
Apr 6 2007 	Bed bugs in the beds	This is the worst place that I have ever seen, and I travel a lot. I choose this hotel because I believed it to be decent and at least clean. I found bed bugs in the room that I was given and cigarette burns on the blanket. The shower drain was clogged and what makes everything even worst is the fact that the people in charge don't give a [--] about you they only want your money. If you want to see the filthiest hotel ever check this Vagabond Inn, and good luck with the bed bugs.Thank you for sending in your review. The community appreciates your feedback.	
Jan 24 2007	Good vacations for less money.	I went to Vegas with hubby to attend conferences at the Flamingo. Upon research and information from family and friends we decided to spend more time for vacation instead of just for conferences. We stayed at a small place call Vagabond Inn right across Treasure Island just in the middle of the strip. Standard doble non-smoking room, very clean, excellent housekeeping, shuttle service from and to the airport and guess what, we only pay $45 p/night. We stayed for 5 more days after 3 days of conferences and enjoyed everything vegas during day and night and just were at the place to sleep. Service at front desk was great and every morning they had continental breakfast at the main lobby. All this, yes, for less than $300. If your looking for a nice, quiet and clean place just to sleep and enjoy Las Vegas and it's surroundings and don't want to spend a lot of money, this is a bargain for anyone. The best of all is that you can book your resenvation on-line at their own site. Try it, you won't regreat it.	
Nov 20 2006 	Horrible Experiance	This was the worst stay I have ever had. They room was horrible, the people were anything but friendly and things were broken and some things didn't work. Below is a letter I have written to the corporate office. I am writing in regards to a recent stay at your Las Vegas, Nevada, Vagabond Inn. My fiancé, XXXXXX and I were visiting family for the weekend starting October 13. We decided to stay at the Vagabond Inn because I’ve heard many great things about your Inn, never about this particular one, but many others. We had looked at many different hotel / motels to stay at as my fiancé had never been to Las Vegas before. However, we were trying to save money because we are trying to pay for our wedding. I looked at all the pictures online and thought the place looked lovely. After paying $212.80 on Orbitz.com we thought we were getting a good deal. On Friday, October 13, XXXXXX and I drove from Southern California, arriving in Las Vegas at about 2:45 PM. I can say that I am glad that we saw the Vagabond Inn sign from the I-15; otherwise I doubt we would have ever found the place. We finally found it, after passing one street and having to do a “U-turn” as the Inn was on a back street that is hidden from plain view. We quickly parked and went to check in. As we walked in the door there were many people standing around in the lobby, but no one was behind the counter. We stood there for a short while wondering where the check-in person was. Finally, a man, I did not get his name came to the counter. He didn’t acknowledge us until I spoke up staying that we had a reservation. He asked me my name and I gladly told him. After messing around on a computer for a while he came back as asked me if I’d already paid. I told him, “Yes, on Orbitz.” He then said, “ Can I see your drivers license and credit card?” I pulled out both and handed them to him across the counter. Taking both, he went back to his computer. He then came back and told me to fill out this paper, which I did and he asked me if I wanted one key or two and I told him only one. He swiped my credit card, (didn’t tell me why) and handed me my ID, my credit card, a card key and a scrap of paper with a number on it. He said, “Second floor, on right.” I took the stuff from him, handed the card key to my fiancé and we went out to the car to get our bags. I told my fiancé that I thought he wasn’t very friendly and he agreed. We went back into the building and headed to the elevator. While standing in the elevator I looked around and could not believe the shape it was in. It looked old and wore out. The telephone that is in there was broken. The handle was taped back together. I wasn’t even sure if it worked. After leaving the elevator we went to our room, “2018”. XXXXXX put the card key in the door and I grabbed the handle. It made a loud clunking noise like the door was stuck and we pushed a little and it came open. I thought that door was going to break or something. We went into the room and I looked around. At first I thought it looked pretty decent. I went into the bathroom and was amazed at the cigarette burn on the toilet seat. I had requested a Non-smoking room, but I knew that it wasn’t always possible because I’ve stayed in other hotels / motels before. After leaving the bathroom I went and sat on the bed to take off my shoes. I jumped off the bed quickly after the head part of the bed next to the wall came up into the air. Now, I am not light, but I’m not heavy either and I have never had that problem before. I was afraid to sit on the edge of the bed for fear of the other part slamming back down and breaking through the floor. The rest of the stay XXXXXXX and I did not sit on the edge of the bed. After taking off my shoes I went to unpack some of my things and I noticed cigarette burns all over the dresser. I shook my head and glanced at XXXXXXX. I pointed them out to him and he just shrugged. We were settling in and waiting for a call from my mother when I decided to turn on some lights because it was getting dark. There were three lights in the room, one on each side of the bed and one in the corner above a little table. I turned on both the ones by the bed and when I got to the one above the table it wouldn’t work. Frowning, I told XXXXXX and he said he would let them know. Soon after we received the call from my mother and decided to leave. As we left through the lobby, we looked to see if anyone was behind the counter to tell them about the light and no one was there, so XXXXXX and I left as we had somewhere to be. When we arrived back at the Inn in the evening, we found a different man at the counter. There were four girls standing there talking to him, so we waited until he became free. After about ten minutes, the girls finally left and we informed the man that one of the lights in our room was out. He told us we have to wait until morning. I was upset, but didn’t say anything. We went back to our room and forced the door open once again. The rest of the evening went rather pleasant. The next day, XXXXXX and I started the morning by looking for the “Do Not Disturb” sign. See, on the paper I read it said that it would be located in the room. Well, we searched and didn’t find anything. Again, we went downstairs and asked the man at the desk (the same man from the check in) for the sign. He didn’t say anything, walked off and came back with it. He set it on the counter and left again. I found this very insulting because I used to work in a restaurant and I know what customer service is. That was not customer service. That was just rude. XXXXX then took me by the arm and we went back to our room. We stayed one more night and left by 10:30 the next morning. Now, on Orbitz it said that checkout was at 12:00, but the sign in the building said 11:00. That is false advertisement because I like to choose motels that have a later checkout time. I felt that the entire page on Orbitz was misleading and I understand that Vagabond Inn doesn’t really have much to do with what Orbitz chooses to put on their page; however, I think that you should be aware. Also, the website states that “some” rooms have refrigerators. Well, I would like to know why they do not place people who are staying more then one night in those rooms. I actually went out and bought an iced chest to keep food and drinks in. How else was I supposed to keep things cool for three days? I was so displeased with this Vagabond Inn; it has turned me off from ever staying at a Vagabond Inn again. I will be taking my business elsewhere from now on. I will also be informing my friends and family of my terrible stay.Oh, and I forgot to meantion that there is no way to get to the strip by walking, believe me we tried. It is not close at all.	
Sep 8 2006 	Loved it!	Front desk staff in the evening is really nice, a girl named Colby works the PM, night auditor Don is nice, too. &quot;Colby recommended a really good sushi buffet, called Yama Sushi, and even printed out driving directions for me. She went the extra mile for me and my family. The hotel is easy to find, you just have to look for the Statosphere as your navigator! The rate was affordable, and they have a really nice pool with colorful paintings along the walls, the water was just right!	
Aug 17 2006 	Now I have a new home in LV!	I had a coupon for $5 off a room at a Vagabond INN that I got in the mail, so I decided to redeem it on a weekend getaway to Las Vegas. The hotel is older, but the room was clean, and the front desk staff made it feel like I was at a 4-star hotel. Even just to have someone to chat with on my way in and out of the hotel really made me feel good, that is what good service is all about. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a nice experience!	
Apr 27 2006 	Never Again!	This is the dirtiest, ill-equipped hotel we have ever stayed in. What a disappointment. Please know that their website is so misleading. They advertise that they have microwaves, irons and ironing boards in every room. That is not true. Microwaves and refrigerators may be put in a room for a $10 fee per night. After securing a guest's driver's license, the person at the front desk will give them an iron. The first one they gave us was broken, and I had to return it to get one that would work. To actually use the iron… plug it into an outlet…it was necessary to move a bed to get to an outlet, unplug a lamp, then I could plug the iron in. We never could get an ironing board; I had to iron clothes on the bed. The room was dirty .. so dirty, in fact, I was afraid we'd have bed bugs in our bed. There was a small coffee pot in the guest room, but no coffee cups, and the coffee pot was nowhere near an outlet to plug into. There was no way to dial the front desk from the guest room … no instructions in the room and no combination I'd used at other hotels across the country seemed to work. The tub and sink looked filthy. They may have been wiped clean, but the stains and dirt that seemed to be on them was obnoxious enough to eliminate any thought of sinking a weary body into a tub of hot water at the end of a day. The shower had a measly little spray that came out of it … pretty sad; not enough water to even wash my hair. All in all the stay at this hotel was way more than disappointing. It's advertised as the AmeriRest Travel Lodge; however, there is a different hotel name on the iron, and a &quot;Vagabond&quot; Hotel sign above the hotel. It's really something else. We'll never stay there again. There are only two requirements I've ever had or wanted when securing a hotel: 1) The guest rooms are clean; and, 2) The beds are comfortable, not hard as a rock. I don't ask for too much … in this instance, however, I think my two basic requests were way over the top for the hotel's management. Pretty sad. Pretty sad.	
Jan 19 2009 	?????????		
