Jul 10 2009	quiet a bit off the Strip which makes it perfect	enjoyable stay, nice restaurants (steak house, italian) right next door	
Jun 6 2007 	An Acceptable Hotel	I have stayed at this hotel twice--the other time was Jun '05. Not all rooms have refrigerators. The neighborhood looks ok to me, but itis definitely a ways from the Strip and airport--probably 20 min. from the latter (as I recall).My room was relatively clean both times, and the staff were helpful.All I was using the hotel for was an overnight stay.	
Dec 14 2006 	not bad	Hotel was ok, nothing fancy. Two cars in the parking lot did get broken into while I was there. There are a lot of places to eat around and the hotel service was nice. Make sure to stay in a room on the third floor, as those have vaulted ceilings. There is no elevator though, so pack a light bag.	
May 29 2006 	Good West Suiburbs Business Option - If Cleaned Up	In the west suburbs, the location was perfect for my business meetings at that end of town. Nice to be away from the hussle bussle of the strip and feel like I was in normal suburbia / shopping. (Do not consider staying here if you want to go to the strip ... too far via too much traffic... lots of other options closer to the strip if you want a non-casino hotel/motel.) Spacious room - mine larger than many - and on the top floor, the ceilings slope to 12 or 14' high at one end, adding to the feeling of spaciousness. Bed and bedding were really comfortable - slept like a log. Hallways never seemed to get vacuumed in the week I was there - little bits of stuff everywhere and carpets just looked like they needed a shampoo. My room was tidied nicely daily, but my white gym socks were black on the bottom after walking in the room stocking footed! Yuck. Internet worked well - high speed wireless G. Limited cable selection. Heard every sound coming from the adjacent room via the connecting door - even though both doors were closed and locked. Pretty basic continental breakfast. Have been at other HIExpresses that have some hot items - like toaster waffles, scrambled eggs and saussage or bacon. Pure continental here - carbos and liquids plus yoghurt (I can't eat dairy) and hardboiled eggs (pre-shelled ... like how fresh are these?). Small, but useful gym (with bottled water) and small but OK indoor pool, but didn't use the spa since it didn't feel hot enough to bother. Grocery store and a couple of restaurants in walking distance. Better restaurants (Iincluding a Roy's) and Whole Foods Market about a mile away on Charleston. Movie theaters about a mile away. At $100/night, it was a good deal, but I'm going to try the La Quinta 1 mile further west next time to see if its cleaner and has a better breakfast.	
Feb 19 2006	Nice Way Off Strip Property	Holiday Inn Express - The Lakes - Las Vegas. Sahara Avenue just West of Durango. If you're in town to see the Strip, this is not at all close. If you're in town to visit family or friends- it's perfect in many ways. Clean rooms and public areas. Adequate breakfast buffet. Very nice indoor heated pool &amp; jacuzzi. I live in Las Vegas and escaped here one evening while my wife was hosting a &quot;Girls night out&quot; baby shower in our home! The rates on the Strip and downtown were cost prohibitive that evening, so I opted for the tried and true Holiday Inn Express chain. Easy access to the bus on Sahara Avenue- which can take you directly to the Strip, and deposit you adjacent to the Sahara Hotel on Las Vegas Boulevard. I would say it's a 20 - 30 minute ride.Nice Restaurants nearby the hotel- walk across the street to Teddy's Greek Bistro for a great time including music, dancing and plate tossing-OPA! Free parking and all that. Nice and clean and a great choice.	
Jun 28 2004	Excellent Value Clean Room	The highlights of my stay were the cleanliness of the room and the free continental breakfast. I was very pleased with the condition of the room - very clean and fresh (at other 2-3 star hotels the decor, linens, and facilities can be dated or need refurbishing). There was a mini fridge, wet bar, and coffee maker in the room. The continental breakfast offered an excellent variety of coffee, juices, pastries, cereals, fruits, and eggs. The hotel also allows small pets and laundry facilities that are open 24/7 which is very convenient for families. I paid about $119 a night (Memorial weekend) and I definitely got more than I bargained for. On the Strip, I would have paid at least double, plus dealt with parking, crowds and lines.	
