Nov 24 2009	not that bad what do you expect for the price	lot of parking and the people that works their very pleasant I brought my little dog (yorkie) and the manager made it very comfotable for me and my group. and we are planning to stay again next year if they except my dog again	
Nov 19 2009 	Worst Hotel Ever	I go to Las Vegas atleast twice a month for business. This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I did not feel safe. Someone was playing really loud music from their car in the parking lot so they could hear it in there hotel room. I was woken up very early in the morning by loud trucks. It is right next to a truck stop. I called the manager to cancel my second night stay because I booked online and pre-paid the would not credit me my second night. Also the charge a $5 service fee per night, for who knows what there was no service ever provided. My room was never cleaned on the second day and I left. Do not stay here EVER!	
Nov 7 2009 	It served its purpose-somewhat!	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights while on business in Vegas. The price was good. We paid $29 a night so I wasnt expecting much. I cant say much about the service as we really didnt receive any. The people at the check in were friendly enough but I got the impression they wouldnt try to help with anything more than checking you in and out. When we first arrived I wasnt impressed. I considered finding another place to stay. When we got to the room I was pleasantly suprised. While the room was dated it was clean and a good size. I always do a check of the room when I first arrived and the sheets were obviously clean. The location was convient for us. It was a short distance from the strip (about 5min drive. maybe a 20-30min walk.) It was right by the freeway entrance which worked for us. The room doors are outside and ours (803) had a gap around the door. (not enough so people could see in but enough to let light and sound in). Its not the nicest hotel but it served our purpose.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great value and location	Rooms were large and clean with a great shower and towels and some toiletries provided. Location is a ten minute walk to MGM and New York New York. If walking from the strip make sure you stay on the Excalibur side of the road.	
Oct 11 2009 	probably one of the cheapest hotels in vegas but still good	the room was only 30 dollars per night or something like it, probably because it is kind of far from the strip, but still the rooms are clean and the restaurant is ok.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Price 	I travelled as a last minute trip to Vegas and stumbled across this hotel online. i was somewhat weary having read the reviews on this site and also as the price was less than £20 per night, but all the same figured I'd give it a bash for a two night stay.First of all, without any disrespect to any previous reviews, but if you are paying such a low fee, how can you expect The Ritz??? I took a cab to this hotel from McCarren International Airport, and it cost me $17 door to door. I was amazed on arrival at how close this hotel is to everything. It looks out directly onto the Excalibur Hotel and the new York New York hotel with its rollercoaster. The South end of the Strip where many attractions are is literally a 5 minute walk across the car park. Fabulous Location!!!!The staff on reception were most welcoming and most helpful on my arrival, and advised me immediately of the $5.50 service fee required to be paid on check out, so no hidden surprises. I had to leave a $50 deposit using my card, refundable (less the service fee) on checkout, or if you have no card its $100 cash - still refundable minus the service fee.I was given my key and found my room. Expecting the worst, I opened the door and was thrilled that I trusted my judgement to book this accommodation. Yes, its basic, and by that I mean no Ironing Board, No tea and coffee facilities, No Wifi - but it was Very Clean and very very comfortable, Completely air conditioned, and well maintained. Huge big colour TV, Nice clean en suite bathroom and telephone to make and receive calls. The room locked from the inside, both with the door lock and key chain and was very secure.The pool is clean and pleasant, as is the jacuzzi and open very late, though I didnt get chance to use the jacuzzi.I had no problems leaving my belongings in my room whilst going out, though I did hide my money, as I do in any hotel that I stay in. I had two great nights sleep here in the HUGE clean comfortable bed, and was bid a very sincere good bye by the staff on checking out. Previous reviews state that hookers were near by in the area??? I cant comment as I never saw any, (though you only have to walk down the strip to be hounded by men and women trying to give you free porn and call girl cards) and the area in which the hotel is situated in didn't appear dodgy at all.If its luxury you want, go across the street and stay at the Excalibur and pay a couple of hundred dollars a night, otherwise this place is simply ideal for couples, singles or families.Also, its convieniently located for gay travellers in the area, being close to several of Las Vegas' gay clubs and bars.A fantastic, cheap way of spending some time in Vegas and enjoying ALL it has to offer at a very low price. Would 110% stay here again.	
Oct 2 2009 	A hotel that budget travellers hotel with a car will love	This hotel is one of those &quot;adaquate if you just need a bed to sleep in&quot;. And thats just what we booked it for. Nothing special was expected and thats exactly what we got. Hotel has ample parking and seems to be a trucker haunt with big rigs across the street. We avoided just about everything else in this hotel from is casino and pool to it's restaurant (Denny's). If we wanted to go the strip we just parked our car in a strip casino's self park.Stayed for 2 nights and both nights either had noisy neighbours next or above us. The Hotel staff left the garbage carts outside our room in 100 degree weather which gave our room a nasty smell, and we found empty soda cans under our bed the first night that we didnt drink so they werent found when the room was cleaned.Booked via Priceline for next to nothing and was charged a $5,00 resort fee, which every hotel in Vegas seems to do cause the Luxor charged me $15,00 and the PH charged me $19,00 for the priviledge of staying there.	
Jun 28 2009 	wild wild dump	firstly the room was terrible, the bedding could have crawled off the bed, it made u itchy all night, also every night i would share my room with insects. the bath towels where stained and on one occassion we had 2 use them twice for showers the next day cause of no housekeeping that day. very poor housekeeping when u did get your room cleaned, no clean bedding, no clean bath or toilet paper. but they still charged you a hidden extra $5 every day for that service. the pool was surrouned by sleazy men all wanting 2 watch over u and that was even with my husband there. the pool loungers and tables where so dirty they had seen better days. the best thing i will be doing is never ever going back.	
Jun 26 2009 	The worse hotel I have ever stayed in	We stayed at this hotel in May. It was filthy, there was dirt smeared in the shower. The decor is right out of the 70's. The hot tub was broken the whole time we were there. The only thing I can reccommend is the restaurant, that had great food. Look else where for chain hotels, it's cheap but the hotel is really bad.	
Jun 23 2009 	NIce place to stay In	Not very far from the South end of the Strip.Staff of Casino &amp; Bar is very helpful.Quiet place and very comfortable room.Best place to be in with limited budget.	
Jun 20 2009 	$5 extra per day service fee SCAM	Booked the room online and when I checked in they tacked on an extra $5 per day resort/hotel fee. If I would have known that I would have booked elsewhere.There is NO coffee maker or clock radio in the room, so if you want coffee you need to go buy it. There is a Denny's and they do everything they can to get you in there.If you like drugs, pimps, and hookers this is the place for you!!The bartender on Sat/Sun was SMOKING HOT (10 face and DD hooters hanging out)!!! Oh yeah, the weekday newspaper hanging on the door was nice.	
Jun 1 2009 	Good Price a seedy part of town.	I was traveling for a family emergency so I took the cheapest package I could find. It wasn't too rough a section of town but I was propositioned by prostitutes and I could see drug dealers walking through the Trucker's parking lot. I wouldn't stay there with the family because for a little more you can stay at a better place. It was expedient and inexpensive. If all you need is a cheap bed, this place will do. The on site restaurant is also very inexpensive.	
Mar 26 2009 	Wild Wild Mess	This motel for the area that its in.Is some garbage. I wouldn't want my WORST ENEMY to stay here.Only thing was okay is to escape the room and go to the casino.I was very afraid of sleeping on the beds and the feeling of the motel reminds me of the movie vacancy.If all the hotels and motels were booked in vegas and this is the only choice I would stay in the streets all night.HMPH i will never again!!!!!!!	
Mar 25 2009 	Clean rooms--but very noisy	The rooms were clean. About average price for the low end motels. Casino very smokey. The rooms have virtually no sound barrier from other rooms or the outdoors. We heard stools flushing, showers running, alarm clocks going off, footsteps from above, &quot;extra&quot; bedroom activities, television shows, fights and arguments. My husband is deaf in one ear so he could just roll over--me I bought ear plugs, that helped! I would not stay here again. No high speed internet--free dial up for 30 min. at one time. Did not get soap or shampoo replaced the 4 days there without having to ask--then one time never did get it!	
Mar 17 2009 	Hotel was ok service was not.	Spent 3 nights in June, everything was ok about the hotel until I checked out, I was charged 60 dollars for 3 movies I didn't see, tried to contact the manager but wasn't able to speak to him, because of that reason I will never go back to this hotel...	
Jan 27 2009 	great place to stay	I stayed here for three mounths in 2008 and you will not find a better place yor the money.	
Jan 17 2009 	This place is a [-] DUMP!	First off we'll start small: The tv was was a piece of crap and the picture it got was even worse. Good thing for me that audio/video is my everyday business, so I was able to fix it a little bit. Next, the electrical outlet at the sink where the hair dryer is was totally FRIED out! I unplugged the dryer and refused to use the plug. The front door did two things when you open it: 1. EVERYONE in the whole building would hear when you went in or out. 2. The whole front wall would SHAKE when the door opened or closed. All someone would have to do is take a run at that wall and I really think it would fall right down! THERE is no elevator and for someone with bad knees that is just plain TORTURE! The stairs are the NARROWEST on EARTH! Two people going in different directions would not be able to pass, one would have to back up. The other people in the hotel, which it is NOT, it is a MOTEL that has a casino, were probably doing things they should not have been doing. I know there was someone there in the time I was there that had a GUN in their room. Walking to the Strip can be a pain because of the bridge over the freeway. I was considering saying I want my money back!	
Jan 9 2009 	We thought it was fine. Lucked out?	My girlfriend and I found the Wild wild west a fine place to stay. Worried about the terrible reviews it was close to the strip and we got it for $25 online. I didn't like the added phone charge of 4.95 even after I told them I had no desire to use the phone. While I was booking the room my girlfriend was in the car and a hotel security guard acted weird to her asking if she was staying here. The gambling hall was smoke filled and filled with ugly, middle aged people. Only one decent looking waitress. We didn't gamble. We weren't able to park close to our room and the neighborhood didn't seem the best. Inside the room was clean and didn't stink. Painted and ceiling was fine. Pillows were small but we were glad it wasn't like the description in peoples reviews. Shower was nice and we slept without any loud outside noise. In the morning had no problem with any people while we were leaving. All in all we will probably stay there again if the price is right. I can understand people who spent $100 are not pleased. For $25 we stayed a night longer than planned.	
Dec 20 2008 	bills stay	The rooms were great, the staff was very polite, helpful. Ladies watch the elevator. It is right off the street where the taxis park and there were un-desirables hanging around there. My daughter was confronted when approaching the elevators and she was scared to death. Not something that should happen in a Vegas Casino. She failed to call authorities but did''t know any better. That casino really needs to beef up security at that door.	
Jul 21 2008 	Gives new meaning to the phrase "no frills"	Stayed at the WWW for Super Bowl weekend. Made our travel plans at the last minute and the WWW was the cheapest place we could find reasonably close to The Strip - well...you get what you pay for.Got a good idea what we were in store for when we pulled in around midnight and saw several shady looking characters in the parking lot smoking what I'm guessing was an illegal substance of one kind or another. The WWW seems to cater to a decidedly low brow element - a lot of the people we encountered there looked like transients.As for our stay, it was a total disaster. First off, we entered our room and noticed it had a very musty odor and wasn't very clean. In addition, it lacked even the most basic amenities that one typically finds at even the cheapest motels (no phone book, no pen and paper, not even a Bible (I'm guessing the Gideon people are afraid to go there). Not only that but the lock on our door didn't work right (you had to slam it several times to get it to lock). Not only that but they put the room # right on the key so if you happen to lose it anyone who finds it will know exactly which room to rob.Service at the WWW was sub par as well. We requested a phone book and was told by the surly woman at the desk that the desk copy was the only one they had. Also, repeated requests for extra towels were ignored (housekeepers left us two small towels every morning for two guests). Imagine our surprise when we checked out and saw that our bill included a $4/day &quot;amenities fee&quot;. Amenities? What amenities?WWW is a disaster - avoid it like the plague. If you're looking for a cheap place to stay, spend a few extra bucks and stay a the Imperial Palace or go offstrip to Arizona Charlie's or Sam's Town.	
Jul 20 2008 	clever photos made this place look GREAT	I booked this for NBA All-Star weekend 2007. The photos were great as were the rates.....or so I thought. When we got to the hotel, I felt as if I had stepped back in time into the wild wild west. There was a surcharge to even use the phone, so needless to say as soon as my friend and I saw the room, the area it was located in and the questionable characters looming outside, we immediately pulled out our cell phones to try to find another place to stay. THERE WAS NO PHONE BOOK in the room to assist us. They even still had the old &quot;punch key&quot; type room keys. Well, once we booked another room ON THE STRIP, last minute, during All-Star weekend, we found it was worth the extra expense to be safe and feel secure. While calling other hotels and speaking with other local residents, many of them said they were shocked the place was still open and thought it had been torn down!! We went by the gift shop to buy some bottled water, the employees were telling off-color jokes and asked my friend and I why we were in town. When we told them, the response was &quot;And why are you staying HERE??&quot;............Well, they have a 24-hour cancellation policy, so they got our money with no guests inside the room. My friend and I didn't even use the bathroom in there! While we were waiting on our cab to take us to the strip, we sat in the cafe' which was located in ANOTHER BUILDING of the motel..........we grabbed a bite to eat there, food was ok and really cheap. I guess it had to have some redeeming qualities, huh?	
Jul 5 2008 	They don't call it the Wild Wild West for nothing!	My son and I went with another family that had booked this place through Hotels.com, so we didn't have a choice in the place. We were very concerned when we pulled into the place and police cars were there arresting someone, and the security guards and employees were also milling around outside. There were also obvious shady dealings going on around us, as prostitutes were around and even approached one of our young men. The first night we were there, the person in the next room was arrested by the police! Then the next day after our rooms were cleaned we found an open condom wrapper on the desk in the room! We complained to the front desk and they took $20 off the room for the night and changed the sheets. Then when checking out, we had missing items that we needed help from housekeeping and the front desk and got the runaround for over an hour and finally got our item. We would definitely never stay there again!! The rooms were clean but small, and bare bones. We were on the second floor and only acces was by stairs and overlooked the parking lot.	
Apr 25 2008 	Like the Plague Avoid this One	I booked on Hotwire. Had I known where I would end up, I never would have booked this one. This place charges fees for everything and anything imaginable in addition to the price quoted by Hotwire. Hotwire shares much of the responsibliity for this disaster! They should require the hotel to disclose their additional hidden charges so that you know what you are buying when you buy. If a hotel charges for things you won't use - or else hit the road, We booked two rooms and were assessed two surcharges for, among other things, parking, you outh to know that going in. Hotwire's policies should change - FAST. We only had one car. Phones were charged for but we have our own cell phones and have no need for it. They unbundle everything and charge for it. It is not a cheap property and not well maintained. The parking lot and entrance were littered with trash. There were employees milling around but they didn't care enough to pick it up.This is a Station Casinos property and is slated to be torn down and replaced by what is slated to be Las Vegas' largest resort complex. It will be a good riddance. I just hope the Ferttita family that runs it will manage it with more of a view toward giving the customer a fair price and good service than that which I have experienced at Palace Station or Wild Wild West. They seem to do better with some of their newer properties.This place should be avoided. There are better deals out there for better places.	
Apr 17 2008 	RIPPED OFF by them	I booked using Hotwire thinking that HOTWIRE property will be at least reliable and will not be ripped off. I was wrong. When I was out of hotel, some staff came to my room and watched four different movies for which they charged me $75. I am any way going to BBB.com to complain, but this is just to make other people aware of the FRAUD this hotel is.	
Apr 12 2008 	Riled Mild Rest	Lots of previous reviews make Wild Wild West rooms sound like a horror show. I'm happy to report that my room had no bugs, burns, stains, holes, odors, or electrical fires. There was a sturdy electronic lock on the door. The room itself was smallish and charmless, but given how inexpensive this motel is (especially if you book ahead), that's more an observation than a complaint. (Upon check-in you will have to pay an extra $5.40/night amenities fee. I'd never heard of that, but evidently a big casino/hotel complex a half-mile west does the same ... maybe it's a Vegas thing.) Biggest drawback to this motel is the noise. Walls aren't paper thin, but you'll know when neighbors arrive, depart, watch TV, etc. Worse than that is noise from outside. Because this place is a two-story Southwestern-style motel, immediately outside your room is a courtyard or a parking lot, where people don't bother to keep their voices down. The feeling of remove from other guests is something that I genuinely missed.It's about a half-mile (or less) to the Strip. Unfortunately, the walkway isn't simple to follow, and at night you might want to spring for a cab. I'm glad there's a prominent security presence at the Wild Wild West, but it's a little unsettling that such a presence is judged necessary.Staff was friendly, helpful, and down-to-earth. Rooms don't have alarm clocks. This is a bare-bones place that's physically close to touristy Vegas but feels a world away; it might or might not fit your needs.	
Mar 29 2008 	I liked it	We came here for my birthday looking for something cheap. we stayed 4 or 5 night for under $180 great prices the cafe they have was great. Great Food. We got into town early because we drove. They let us check in early. Just wish it was closer to the strip.	
Mar 27 2008 	Not a place we would stay at again based on our preferences	We got sent here after our hotel that was booked for roughly two months (Wingate/Wyndham in Henderson, NV) apparently overbooked us and gave us a free night here. Unfortunately, this is not a place we would have chosen to stay. First of all, we chose a non-smoking hotel and this was not non-smoking. Second, we chose queen beds, and we did not have queen beds in our room (these beds were just bigger than a twin size at best). Third, we chose to stay away from the strip/casino atmosphere for a reason (our kids) and this clearly was right near the strip and the casino was right by the check-in desk. Fourth, we chose a hotel with a free continental breakfast and this hotel did not have a free breakfast. It was 2:00 in the morning and we didn't have time to bicker about the place nor time to find somewhere else to go. We were exhausted. I can't complain that it was dirty, because it really was clean in our room. The window did rattle all night because we had the air on which was a nuisance, but other than that, the beds being tiny and the room itself rather tiny, I can't think of any other problems. We were on an upper floor room (access is from the outside only at this hotel) and had stairs to drag our 7 bags up to which didn't make us very happy, as there were no elevators. That said....if you don't care about the above things I listed and you want a cheap place to stay that is fairly close to the strip, this would be fine for you. It also does have an outdoor swimming pool. It wasn't the WWG Hall's fault that we stayed here and that their accomodations were not &quot;apples-to-apples&quot; with what I had originally booked at the other hotel. If you're totally fine with the things I listed, then you'll find that this place is fine for you. I don't like to be mean, but this was not at all what we signed up for; again, based on our preferences only.	
Mar 19 2008 	Different but cheap!!	Stayed at the Wild Wild West Gambling Hall and Hotel in Las Vegas enroute for the 'USA Road Trip 2008' that I was doing with friends which started at Las Vegas and was to finish back in Las Vegas two weeks later.Booked into the Wild Wild West for two nights over a weekend. Due to our budget we were priced out by the Hotels on the Strip, so this Hotel was a cheap option.I had read a few reviews here on Trip Advisor prior to my vacation and was getting a bit worried prior to arrival. Yes, the Hotel does look a bit shabby and in a bit of a dodgy area, with many unusual characters loitering around the Hotel. But on closer inspection, the Hotel is/or appears safe with plenty of Security personnel making sure these &quot;unusual characters&quot; are moved away from the Hotel.Inside the Hotel, the rooms were a nice size and appeared clean, with a sign outside of the Hotel claiming that the rooms had recently been renovated. Anyway, it was clean and comfortable and I really couldn't fault the rooms.Unfortunately, the rest of the Hotel brings the marks down. As with most City Centre Hotels, it was quite noisy both nights and mornings during my stay, with bangs, sirens and swearing completing a trio of noises.The Hotel is located on W Tropicana Avenue, which if you are planning to walk to the Strip - take note!! You'll have to run the gauntlet of running accross the grass banks or Highways and generally risking your life being hit by a Dodge or Chevvy. Luckily I found a reasonably safe route on my way back from the Strip - email us if you wish me to map the route out for you, or work it out yourself if you're brave enough!!My major gripe with this Hotel was with its Casino, which I found extremely small and smoky. Although the $3 Black Jack and plentyful amount of drinks did take my mind off these for a temporary basis.Overall, for a two night stay in Las Vegas it did the trick to a certain extent. If you want the luxury of Treasure Island or Paris, then pay $$$ to stay there during a weekend, if you want somewhere cheap, stay at the Wild Wild West - it's not that bad!!	
Mar 9 2008 	Most reasonably priced on the strip	I stayed at the Wild Wild West for two nights. I spent a lot of time researching for a reasonably price place, and this was it.. It was only about a 15 minute walk to the strip. You have to cross to the other (south) side of the street in order to walk all the way. I didn't get a chance to try out the restaurant in the morning because the line was long and we were in a hurry. The slots and bar were okay. There is NO truckstop next door as I've read in some reviews. The motel just has a large parking lot for truckers to park in. It was a bit loud outside with people talking the first night, but I wore earplugs the next night and didn't hear a thing. The sheets &amp; blankets were nice, the staff was friendly, and the place was clean. Just what I wanted!	
Mar 8 2008 	good value for the money!	We arrived after 11pm and were to leave for the Grand Canyon the next morning so we didn't want to invest too much for a few hours sleep. While the property is not new, the room &amp; bathroom were clean and the bed comfortable. We would definitely stay again and had Steak and Eggs for Breakfast for $5.99. We got a decent nights sleep for $30.00.	
Mar 2 2008 	Cheap... but a NO NO	Stayed here for 2 nights, but would not stay here againThe room we were given had not been made up... not what you want after a 15hrs travel.. The room we did get was clean but it had just been redecoratedStaff not over friendley - went for breakfast... YUKI would call this a truckers Motel nothing moreLots of noise throuhout the night - its a long walk to the stripbetter off paying a bit more on the strip	
Jan 27 2008 	Still Laughing.... but will be fair...	Okay... where to start... where to start. Well first off, when I saw the place I was in utter shock... this is probably one of the worst looking hotels I've ever seen. It made me remember a review I had read about the hotel... the guy wrote that he liked that he was able to park his car in front of his room, which made it easy to get away quickly. LOL....which made me think... ONE might need to get away quickly in THIS neighborhood.I booked through hotwire.com for $19.99, then they had the nerve to charge additional $9.99 in booking fees, the hotel charged a laughable resort fee of $5.40!... So, this deal of $19.99 actually cost me about $37.00. (really stupid)Since I had prepaid, I thought... well it is just for the night. The photos the guy from Australia has posted are actually from a while back, because I was told the rooms were all redone in November 2007 and you know what.... this dump wasn't so bad after all. It's old and some of the guest are questionable, but you know what?? The room wasn't bad and I had a view of the strip.This is not the place for the first time visitor to Vegas... trust me... spend some money and stay at a nice strip hotel... staying at a hotel like this would ruin the illusion of Vegas and Vegas is such a awesome city that one should really enjoy it. Now, if you're just passing though and need a place to crash... probably okay.... but not for a vacation or holiday. I wouldn't book my parents in a place like this!!!!, but for me, it was okay for the night.And encase someone from the hotel is looking at this... Yeah, your remodeled room was great... but some thoughts... a little noisy.... if you replaced the windows... a easy CHEAP fix, that alone would help, not to mention maybe some weather stripping under the entry door. I mean some really cheap fixes would really help. Re-Pave the parking lot... I mean some little things could really clean this property up. Again, the room was great... the outside is what is so scary... And lastly... you know how they wrap cars and buses... makes me wonder if one could wrap a building... wouldn't it be cool to wrap this building with a wild wild west western theme??? I read the hotel spent 2 million on the remodel and yes, the room was great... now maybe a million on the outside would really do the trick... it's like real estate... CURB appeal is everything and would probably promote a safer environment.	
Dec 24 2007 	I try to be fair - but this place was awful	When I found out this was the m-o-t-e-l (not hotel) that my friends had booked for our stay in Vegas, I decided to check it out. Now, I've been accused of being a hotel snob before, and sure I like nice places - but really, as long as it is clean and safe - I'm good!So I checked out a ton of reviews and found that most said the room was just that - clean, not fancy, but a decent place to lay your head down at night. Not to mention the motel boasts of it's &quot;newly renovated rooms!&quot; ... I wish I had known their definition of newly renovated ahead of time. First - I think? the carpet might have been new. But that's about it. The furniture and decor was ... cheesy at best, and well worn to boot - nothing new about it. The lock on the door looked like it had been busted through before. The bathroom was disgusting - cigg burns on the bathtub, by the time your shower was done you were up to your knees in water (draining issues?), the walls were stained with God knows what, and the little rubber strip/molding around the floor had been screwed back into the wall. Second - our first night there, the cops were searching for someone... sneaking around, going room to room... yes... bodes well for that &quot;safe&quot; feeling. Some of the other people we were with also had a room there... the air conditioner leaked water all over the side of one of the beds. We had to call multiple times to get an iron, to get extra towels, etc. The little restaurant thing - the staff was rude, there were only about 5 tables occupied when we went there, all the other tables were un-bussed, and they got all huffy with us when we asked for a table for 7 - and then took their sweet time arranging the tables for us. Honestly - not worth the couple of bucks you might save staying here over somewhere else. If you love dirty, grungy motels with staff who obviously hate their jobs... go right ahead! As for me... I will never stay here again. I tried to keep the attitude of &quot;I'll still have fun, it's Vegas!&quot; but seriously... the room put a huge damper on the trip.	
Nov 24 2007 	What a Shock!	I stayed at this hotel on my last Las Vegas trip and vowed never to stay here again. The best thing about it was the casino and its closeness to the strip. However, the room was horrible! Not only was the shower dirty and the room smelled like no one had stayed there in ages, there was barely any room to walk. My son and I (who was 2 at the time) got the shock of our lives. We were watching t.v. and suddenly the socket started to pop! Luckily, since the room was so small it didn't take much time for me to grab him and make a dash for the door. When I went to the front desk and explained the situation, the staff tried to imply my son was responsible for the electrical outburst. I was outraged! My son wasn't even tall enough to reach the darn thing. Plus, the socket was behind the t.v. which was situated on top of a long dresser. (Pretty classy, huh?) If you plan to stay here stay at your own risk. Either way I hope your not as shocked as I was.	
Nov 15 2007 	Not as close as youd hope	This is a MOTEL not a hotel. There is no sidewalk to the strip, so you must call for a cab, or drive. The rooms were recently updated, and it shows. They were very clean, and odor free. Experienced no problemns with the guests or staff. There is security guards on duty, but I only saw them sitting in the same place all the time, never saw them making roiunds.The casino is very small, mostly just slots, one table of black jack and one table for craps and roulette. The waitresses were nice but slow to ask if you neede a drink, i was there one time for 30 minutes before i was asked.Attatched restaurant had good for at very affordable prices.they advertise on there signs that it is &quot;the best&quot; locals casino. And pretty much that apperars to be all that gambles there.This place is not so cheap, for what you get, but it wasnt as bad as anticipated. Nonethe less, i will NEVER stay there again.	
Oct 8 2007	Enjoyed the casino	We did not stay at the Wild Wild West but we did spend some time in the casino. The roulette dealers (Mark and John) were friendly and easy-going. We played with $.25 chips, $2 min bet which was the cheapest roulette we found during our week stay. We had alot of fun and we won!	
Sep 29 2007 	Oh My God!!!!!!!	We just got back from vaction today after visiting las vegas and staying at this dump!!!!!!!!! We thought that it would be at least okay for the price, but boy were we WRONG!!!!! This place is an absolute joke. First of all it's a lot further from the strip than they say! you cant even walk if you wanted to because there is an overpass that doesn't allow you to walk, so you have to call a cab or take the bus. Me and my husband went there for a friends wedding for 5 days, and felt like we were held captive in our room at night due to the massive amounts of drug deals, prostitusion, and staglers if you will roaming about the street and hotel lobby! The staff at the hotel wasn't all that friendly either! We also stayed in a remodled room which smelled like severe body odor when we opened the door. We tried to cover it up, but nothing would help. There also is a lot of noise due to the constuction of the &quot; remodled rooms&quot; and the truck stop directley across the street! Personally i would have rather stayed in a motel 8, or stayed a few less days in order to get a better place to stay!	
Sep 11 2007 	This Hotel is fine to stay at...	There is nothing wrong with this hotel...they just renovated half the hotel so you might luck out and be able to get a newly revamped room.The casino is small, but the excalibur and luxor are right down the street if you want a larger one. I have no complaints about this hotel except the lack of liqour at the bar. They only have a few brands of each kind of liqour. Good luck getting some grey goose!! lol.In the end, its cheap and not too far from the strip. Ive stayed here 3 times.	
Aug 28 2007 	No frills but no major problems...Vegas on a budget	This hotel is definitely not up there with the likes of the Bellagio and other casino-hotels in Vegas, but if what you're after is somewhere clean, reasonably priced and with easy access to the strip and the main Vegas attractions then the Wild Wild West is as good as any. It may not be glamorous - and for the next few weeks or so I believe their grill (which usually boasts a $1.49 breakfast) is out of action - but it has a pool and plenty of parking, surrounded by several fast food outlets and garages. Its on-site casino is small but the drinks are cheap and the staff very friendly.We got a good deal on the price using a travel coupon booklet found in a Denny's along the way and got two rooms at around $50 each a night, booked on the same day, so it's definitely rooms on a budget - ideal for young travellers, as my group was.	
Jul 24 2007 	Little friends awaiting your arrival between the sheets!!!	I stayed with a friend out of a last resort situation. We had exteded our stay and had one night in between our hotel reservations on a Saturday night. It was the only place with a room availalbe. We arrived at the motel and had strange men peering at us behind garbage cans as we went to our room. The tv was broken. Once it was fixed we used a plastic bag to cover the remote because it was very gross. This bag also came in handy when we used the phone which was covered in ear wax. The bathroom was like a gas station latrine and had several cigarette burns on the toilet and tub. We were afraid and did not sit ont he toilet seat but instead chose to hover. There was a big ugly stain on the curtain. The sheets looked clean and the beds were comfortable enought. Our dead bolt was broken so we were afraid and slept with the tv on, but we really could not sleep because we were itchy all night. We could feel little friends crawling on us once we turned out the lights. It was very creepy. The next morning we got up very early, dressed, skipped the putrid shower and jumped into a cab and said see ya later. We felt like we were being excreted from the very bowels of hell and then once we arrived at New York New York it was like we had fallen into the clouds of heaven. Our room was beautiful and the shower was exhilarating. We will NEVER stay at the Wild Wild West again. We would rather sleep in a pup tent under a palm tree.	
Mar 27 2007 	not a nice place to stay	I stayed at the wild wild westcasino hotel, and my Stay was very unpleasant sheets had hair  I had called to get clean sheets i was scared to sleep on them the toilet had pubic hair on it.	
Mar 13 2007 	Worst Hotels I've Every Stayed In	The $150 per night we paid you would expect alot more than what we got. The bathroom was so scary that my friend and I took showers with our socks on. The plumbing in the room had a fowl smell. Bed was hard and we both woke up itching all over. On top of it all we had to pay an additional $4 per night fee. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Feb 2 2007	robbed and ripped off	My assistant and I booked a two night stay at the Wild West Gambling Hall at the end of January, 2007. We picked the hotel because of price and location. We arrived at the hotel and went inside and registered. We then went to room, and my assistant decided to move our vehicle to the front of our motel style room. He was asked three times while on way to the car if he had any drugs to sell by individuals loitering on the premises. The room was rundown and in need of attention. ie; dozens of burn marks from cigarettes on the furniture and bathroom fixtures, at least 20 on tub alone. We then went to bed, and were awakened at about 11:30 PM by our car's horn beeping once, as it does when you use the remote device to lock the car. We went out to the car and discovered that it had been entered, evidently by a remote control device, and robbed. The windows were not broken and there was no evidence it had been forcibly entered. We lost approximately $500.00 in personal effects. I immediately called security. It took approximately 20 minutes for him to arrive. He said he was busy and would return in a few minutes to take a report. We never saw him again! I called the front desk and informed them that we would not be staying the next night because of security concerns. We took our bags with us the next morning and went to the project on which we were working. We came back later that afternoon and talked to the gentleman at the front desk. He asked if we were the people that owned the U-haul trailer that had been broken ito. We said no, our vehicle was a Chrysler. Evidently, another vehicle was robbed the same night. He showed no concern for us or our experience, offered no help and refused to refund our money for that nights stay. All in all, it was a terrible experience, and I would not reccommend this hotel to anyone, regardless of price and location.	
Jan 7 2007 	Awesome Experience	I read reviews of this motel before I went down and expected a crack den or to maybe see a production of the show cops. I was pleasently surprized to get the exact opposite. The rooms serve their purpose, there isn't people bothering you for money. The staff were very helpful and friendly. The food in the restaurant is good and cheap. It isn't a five star hotel with room service and valet parking. If you are not picky and just need a place to sleep and shower, the Wild Wild West is the perfect place. Plus the bartenders maybe some of the hottest girls in Vegas.	
Dec 5 2006 	Avoid – this place is a dump	Added a few days onto a business trip and wanted to do it on the cheap so I decided to give this place a try. I have never been motivated to write a review about a hotel (this place is actually a motel) before but there was so much wrong with this place. It began at registration. The clerk was on a personal call and after about two minutes acted like she was doing me a favor by checking me in. No &quot;hi can I help you&quot; or &quot;thank you, enjoy your stay&quot; or anything. The room appeared relatively clean except for the ants in the bathroom. The room was small and run-down. I have seen better quality furniture on the side of the road. The door was cheap and the locks did not give me any comfort given the quality of the clientele. There is a lot of noise from surrounding rooms and the parking lot. To turn on and off the light by the bed, I had to unscrew the light bulb. On day two, housekeeping forgot to make the room. At check-out, I received the same indifferent service from another clerk which makes me believe &quot;guest service&quot; is a foreign concept. Bottom line, I would never stay at this motel ever again. It was cheap, but for the quality of this dump I'm sure you could find something better for equal price. The last insult was a $4.00 per night amenity fee that was added to the bill. I guess the ants were considered an amenity.	
Sep 29 2006 	this motel made me want to leave vegas	We had a coupon for $25.00 which we were vacationing all over and were trying to be cheap with where we slept. This place had a flashy billboard advertising the $25.00 and a phone #, which I called first to see if they had a reservation. I was told a room was available but since it was a friday- the cheapest they could give me was $99.00. Once there in the office, the man said the cheapest was 110.00 and that didn't count the fees. He said that was as low as he could go even though we had a coupon and military discount. I didn't expect much considering this was a $25.00 place but we didn't pay that by far. I was afraid to sleep and people were hanging around in the parking lot being noisy. I left vegas with memories of feeling ripped off and I would have rather slept in the car. I would have been okay paying $25.00 since we were in vegas but not a penny more.	
Aug 10 2006	Excellent for those on a budget	Had absolutely no problem at all with this motel, it was close enough to the strip to walk, was clean and everything worked. The price was very nice and for those people complaining surely you knew what you were getting for the price? I was on a budget and just really wanted a place to lay my head after a hard night's partying.I agree it's not the kind of place I would take a loved one, or if I wanted to hang around the hotel (no point going on holiday though if you are going to do this). The pool is crap but I just went to the one at Luxor everyday.Well done Wild Wild West	
Aug 8 2006 	Cheap but worth the savings?	Just got back from our stay at the Wild Wild West. Never one for spending too much money on a hotel room, let alone one in Vegas, my husband booked the hotel through Expedia. We paid $25.00 per night. On arrival, check in took a few minutes. The only front desk clerk was talking on the phone, calming an irate customer about the “resort” fee. I had already read this on the site, and knew about the $4.00 per day fee. “Resort” is pushing it. It is a motel, with outdoor access to your room. The hotel caters to the truckers and locals, so you know that there are some bargains to be had. The Gambler’s Grill Restaurant is open 24 hrs per day, and has some really good prices. $1.99 for 2 eggs, bacon/sausage, hash browns and toast (available 11pm-11am), and the ½ lb burger at $2.69 was actually filling. Service during our stay was mixed. On the map, it looks as if this property is a mere block or two from the strip. Don’t be fooled. It took 15-20 minutes to walk the distance. Not much, but in the heat, it feels a LOT longer. We did gamble at the little casino, and the staff working there were very nice. The waitresses were always around, and we even got a “lesson” in how to lose your money playing craps!! The room itself was just that, a room. The air conditioner worked. The shower head looked like it would come right off when the water was turned on, but managed to stay put through out our stay. The bathtub looked like it had been cleaned so many times with bleach, the plastic was starting to peel, and crumble off, and the plug for the drain on the bath tub did not work. We did ask for a “rubber plug” to be brought to our room, but gave up after waiting 48 hrs. BTW, it never did show up during our stay. One of the dual lights located over the king size bed had a missing light bulb, and lamp shade, and was in theory a bare, open socket. A little on the dangerous side! Even with all this, we were only looking for a room to rest our heads, and a pool to jump into on occasion. This place had both. The major irritant of our stay was to learn that they had no “holding area” for your bags after check out (12pm). Our flight did not leave until later that evening, and although the advertised rate outside on the bill board is $19.99 per night, and the Expedia rate not that much more, we were charged $45.99 for the convenience of our hotel room holding our bag until 6 pm. Cabs from the location ran from $20.00 to and from the airport, and $16-20 to Freemont St. You are better off to take the 201 bus (stops right outside) down the “block” to the strip and transfer to the Deuce (bus). A 24 hour pass costs you $5.00. If you like a bargain, or are on a very limited budget, the hotel/motel is for you! Other then that, look for another hotel to stay in, but DO check out the little casino on the property, and don’t miss the Gambler’s Grill!	
Aug 8 2006 	hurt so good	Not that us 4 women had a whole lot of choices given all the events going on during this weekend without spending $500 a night wild wild west was not that bad for only $89. We were at the back of the property which was a little disturbing and we are fairly certain we saw more than a few &quot;working girls&quot; but the bathroom was mostly clean and the beds gave us a place to sleep for the night. The pool was wanderful newly remodeled including a fairly large hot tub and the girls serving drinks checked on us often for refills. We played a little in the casino and it was ok a little dank as expected. In the end I have to say that if your looking for a 5 star room your dreaming, but if your looking for a place to sleep cheap and lay out by the pool all day within walking distence of the strip this is your best shot.	
Jun 26 2006	The front dest employee was abrasive-charges in error	The staff at the front desk were not helpful, somewhat rude. Our credit card was billed incorrectly and we still cannot get the hotel to take an interest in correcting it. They do not return calls-the room was moderate.	
May 31 2006	I was scared!!!!!!!!!!!! Couldn't sleep afraid car would be stolen.	I go to Vegas probably every 3-mnths, so making a pitstop there I thought I would just stay economically. I was REALLY scared staying here. The person at the front desk was not friendly &amp; they had just kicked a prostitute out?!?! I didn't sleep, I was too afraid of my car being stolen. There was a fight across the street between 2 groups of people. The bathroom was dirty (toilet had cigarette burns...) Didn't go to casino, due to the people inhabiting. Couldn't wait to get out of there, was not worth the money I saved!!!! SCARED!!!!	
May 10 2006	How Desperate Are You?	Okay folks, friends of ours from Italy planned this trip knowing nothing about Vegas. We wrongly assumed they had booked a hotel for us and we got stuck staying hear. It was pretty ghetto and to make things worse we were held up in the parking lot! There is no security there and it is next to a commercial/trucking area so there are lots of places to hide. I do agree that the gamblers grill is a deal especially if you don't have much to spend. STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL! The Excalibur is just down the street and not that expensive, trust me your life is worth it!	
Apr 14 2006	In the running for worst motel in the world	There is one positive about the Wild Wild West: their restaurant, the Gambler's Grill. It's extremely cheap and its burgers and breakfast fare are really good. The only hassle is that you have to go through the dingy gambling hall to get to it.The motel itself is simply nasty: Noisy airconditioners, the stench of stale smoke, stained sheets, blankets full of holes. Given that you can stay on the Strip for as little as 2-3 bucks more, it's really atrocious value and just plain vile.	
Apr 10 2006	Never again	Not enough the bathroom was dirty, the sink was cracked, toilet seat stained, the shower valve didn't turn (luckily my husband had a screw driver so he fixed it) the beds were uncomfortable and that large big rig trucks pull in and out at all times of the night and if you are in a lower unit you can hear every move the people upstairs make, no we also got to hear the police make an arrest at 2:30am. It felt like we were hearing an episode of &quot;Cops&quot; Needless to say we checked out early.	
Apr 10 2006	Very Economical	Good place to stay at if you don't want to spend a lot of money on your hotel room. We were just in Vegas to see Dane Cook. Since it's prime time there right now all the hotel prices were really high. We couldn't see paying $300.00 or more a night just for a place to sleep and shower. So, it was perfect for us. The room was clean and the water pressure in the showers was really good. The burgers at the Gambler's Grill were cheap and awesome. And, we didn't have to wait a long time at all for four burgers and fries. We sat by the nice clean pool area and enjoyed our burgers. We would stay at again.	
Mar 28 2006	Not what I paided for.	While the food quality and price in the restaurant are GREAT, the service is slow and some of the servers and hostess need to be friendlier. The actual hotel needs lots of improvements in general maintenance and customer service for the Las Vegas traveler. (Unless we just got the worst room they had.) The exterior boast low rates, unknown to us until we arrived (I'd pay that rate for a return visit not much more.) We also didn't know it was NASCAR weekend in Vegas one of the reasons we had problems finding better priced quality. They advertise high speed internet but there are not enough connections for every room we took our 8lb laptop for nothing. Our room was only cleaned once during our visit including linen, but they failed to ever clean the toilet, and shower (the entire bathroom,) before or during our stay. The floor the baseboards the restroom in general was pretty messed up. The restroom light keep shorting out as it is connected to the restroom fan. I reported it twice, was serviced twice but didn't stay fixed. One of our keys was not the right key (although, we noticed too late to correct it) I did report it at check out time, but the rep. didn't seem too interested. Considering this is Vegas they should be more accommodating and offer to hold patron luggage (or at least tell you on the website or advertising that they don’t provide the service.) Check out is at 12 noon and our flight time was 7pm. We had to go elsewhere for luggage storage.	
Jan 24 2006	a good deal for the money	stayed there in mid janurary. had a problem with the toilet first night, but they gave me another room as soon as i asked. please staff, good housekeeping people, close to strip, and close to orleans casino, and about a 25 minute walk to rio and plams. i enjoyed it very much. you have to remember that its not 5 stars, but they do not charge 5 star rates either. clean rooms. if your not going to be in your room much and be out on the town, it is a great way to save some $$$$$$$$$$.	
Dec 27 2005	A great place to bake a potato on your car engine	This is a great place to stay if you have high hopes of seeing the police arrest someone in your hotel parking lot.	
Aug 23 2005	Enjoyed this Hotel	My first time ever on holiday and I decided to go to Vegas and to stay at the cheapest Hotel I could find, but I wasn't disapointed with the Wild Wild West. I read all of the reviews in Tripadvisor and got really worried that I may have made a mistake by booking this Hotel. But boy did some of you people make a big mistake by not seeing this Hotel for what it was. It was clean and safe and it had some of the cheapest and best food around.I will be back again next year.	
Jul 26 2005	Can't wait to go back!!!	I was really surprised by this hotel, after reading the terrible reviews. I went to this hotel expecting the worst and got the best. The rooms were nice with comfy beds. The staff was great. They were fun to talk to. The restaurant had great food. The casino had character, I was able to meet some of the locals. The only downfall to this visit was they were still remodling the pool. It looked great to me, but it wasn't open yet. So I can't wait to go back to see the friendly staff, great locals, and take a dip in the pool.	
Jun 9 2005	Good place to stay for the money	The Wild Wild West is not as bad as everyone says it is. The rooms are small, but they are clean, and things were pretty quiet. For only $20.00, you can't expect too much. The slots in the casino were loose, and drink service was good. The food was awesome, especially the 1/2 pound burger and fries. If you just want a cheap place to stay, this is it. If you are looking for a fancy place, stay elsewhere.	
May 17 2005 	Not bad.	I got a great price on my room here. There was a $50 deposit upon check-in even though the room was paid for in advance, which annoyed me a little bit, but I experienced no problems recovering my deposit.  I wrote a 12 page paper in this room, and was pretty comfortable. The room was clean and pretty quiet for a room with an outside entrance. It was free of bugs and unpleasant smells (oddly enough, a problem I have run into at even upscale Vegas resorts) and well-stocked. The air conditioner was awesome; I kept the room freezing the whole time I was there. The staff were all very friendly. The morning checkout girl was cute. The maid service does tend to completely ignore &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; signs, though. The 24 hour Gambler's Grill serves really impressive food for a great price (like 1.99+ for a big burger and fries), but service there is VERY SLOW because they are understaffed. Expect to wait a long time for your good, cheap food. The clientele are a little shady-looking, but I kept the room's deadbolt locked, and nothing came of their shadiness.It's walking distance to New York, New York, if you can find a walkway. I just went to NY, NY's cab station and took a cab back to the hotel. It cost me $5 for the ride. The cab driver was nuts.Altogether, if you don't have a car, I'd probably stay somewhere on the strip for a little more money; the costs that I incurred as a result of travelling to and from the strip offset the savings on the room.	
May 14 2005	C'mon folks be serious	I stayed at Wild Wild West for about two weeks when I first moved to Las Vegas while I was waiting for my apartment to be ready. The rate was right and since I was working on the strip, it was the right location as well.The room was not one that might be found at the Four Seasons, but it had everything I needed for my stay...a bed and a bathroom.For you people who are complaining about this hotel as if it was a five star resort, you should be ashamed of yourselves. My guess is that the reason you chose this hotel is because it offered the lowest rates...ever hear the expression that you get what you pay for? Hello?Could the front desk staff have been more helpful? Absolutely. But how would you like it if you had a job where people just yelled at you all day long about things that, as a front desk clerk, you have no control over. Maybe if everyone was a bit nicer to these people, they wouldn't come across as defensive and unwilling to help.The WWW is not a perfect hotel...I wouldn't bring anyone here that I was trying to impress, but if you're looking for a quiet room at a good rate and still close to a lot of the Las Vegas action, it's not a half bad pick.	
May 13 2005	Not worth the trip	This was the first time me and my husband ever went away alone. We been married 13 yrs and was going with a group to Las Vegas. Well we all couldn't get in the same hotel so we booked with Wild Wild West.The price of the room was really cheap, but now I understand why.We were checking in April 12, 2005 and the receptionist made it sound really good that she was giving me a room right at pool side. I was excited, but once I got to my room I looked over at the pool and there it sat no water and a total mess. Not even the hot tub had water in it. Once checking it it was hot as hell, so I went to turn on the air conditioner to find out it didn't work. So I make a call to the fornt desk to request another room and the woman who answered told me that I had to wait for a maintance employee to look at it. After waitting 4 hours I called the front desk again and a man told me the same thing but atleast he had the decency to call back 10 minutes later to tell me that they had an employee look at it before and it was broke so he told me to come and get another room. After getting our new room the first thing I checked was the air conditioner and I was in heaven. The next few days we woke early and only came back to sleep. Friday morning when I woke to get ready to go out I noticed there was little bugs, not one but a lot of little bugs all over the counter where my toothbrush and makeup was, little to say I needed a new toothbrush but we put on hold what we had planned for the day to find a new hotel to stay for the duration of our stay. So if you want a working air conditoner, or you hate waitting for a maintance employee, or IF YOU HATE BUGS then this is not the place to stayAnd don't bother packing the swim suit because there is a hole but no water to swin in. come to think of it , the pool looked like it was sand blasted but nothing else. PS. And No one at anytime even on check in told me the pool was down for any reason.	
May 11 2005	Disgusting nasty filthy	I booked this hotel over the net. Had to pay for it in advance. So when I arrived the hotel already had my money. But I was required to pay a $50 dep. on a room that was already paid for. The room was disgusting. No phone books in room. No maps of Vegas or any info about it. Could only use the phone 30 min. a day and then you were charged so much per minute after that. I was also charged a $4 a day amenity fee for security on parking. I didn't even have a car and the cars are parked out in the open. What's up with that. The ice machine wouldn't work either. They said there is a laundry room on site. I never saw it. Thank god I didn't need to use it. Needless to say my trip was very bad. I will never stay there again. Beware of staying here you are definetly not getting what you pay for.	
Apr 29 2005	Don't stay at Wild Wild West	This was absolutely the worst hotel experience I've had. The weekend rate of $140 per night for a 10X18 room with only a bed and a small TV was robbery. These rooms have no radio, clock, hair dryer, iron, pictures, nothing. Had to get into the bathtub in order to close the bathroom door. The obvious prostitution market on the sidewalks around the building made me wonder about the safety and security of my car overnight.The only saving grace was the room was very clean. The housekeeping staff does a great job.	
Apr 22 2005	Wild Wild West Was Wonderful	After being dismissed from jury duty early I could not get anything on final four weekend so I settled for the WWW. After reading other reviews I expected serial killers with trouble lurking around every corner. There was no reason to worry. Checking in was easy and the room was very nice for the price. I was never worried or terrified going back and forth to the room. Norman Bates was nowhere to be found. It was an easy 10 minute walk to the Excal on the strip and the coffeeshop has great and cheap food. I deducted two stars because of the very smoky casino and the muchkin showerhead in the bath.	
Mar 30 2005	get what you pay for	Dont pay more than 30$ to stay here. We were there in Jan so there was very little bad elements ( such as spring breakers ) As a woman I woulnt have wanted to stay here alone because your room door opens to the outside and you could have a room far away from the front desk.The workers were very nice , I drank a lot of free beer gambling. The room was well worn but I was comfortable and I thought the bedding was clean. Very close to the strip.	
Mar 21 2005 	Scary....	I am a 21 year old female and I stayed here by myself and let me tell you how scary it was! Besides the unkempt bathroom, I was escorted to my room everynight as to not be aproached by men lurking around outside. I even put a chair up against my door at night!	
Feb 28 2005	Not to bad.....	I read all these reviews the day before I was to leave for Vegas and believe me I was frightened of what I would find upon check in. When we arrived I was surprised, the place was not at all what the reviews said. The casino was small but the people that worked there were very nice and helpful. Slots were pretty loose as well, so I did pretty good. As far as the rooms go, They were okay, but upon booking the rooms I knew that I was not booking into the MGM Grand or hotel of that magnitude, so to put it simple, the rooms were just about like a Motel 6 maybe just a little smaller. The room served its purpose a place for us to sleep for a minute or two and take a shower. If you plan to spend all your time in the hotel room go to a larger hotel, if you are just wanting an expensive place to go and play then I recommend this one.	
Feb 12 2005	Be afraid be very afraid	I am a 50 year old corrections administrator who has traveled extensively and this is the only hotel in the good 'ole USA that I felt compelled to prop a chair against the door at night. The room was filthy, furniture was beat up junk, cigarette burns were all over the bathtub. The sheets were - well, I slept on top of the beadspread. Young babes in hotpants were leaving rooms in the morning and I don't think they were there for a religious convention. 1970's Holiday Inns have more ambiance. Stay at your own risk, I lasted one night. After telling the manager of the Station Casino where I had spent the night, he laughed, took pity on me, and gave me a nice upgraded room in the tower for $89. 	
Feb 8 2005	Wow	This is a poor excuse for a hotel. My girlfriend and I were in Vegas for the Superbowl weekend. If I had know what I potential disaster this complex was, I would have spent extra money to stay in a better quality hotel. The room was disgusting. The sheets didn't fit on the bed. I found blood on the walls of the motel and felt very unsafe for me and my girlfriend. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. 	
Dec 6 2004	STRAIGHT UP GHETTO!!	Stayed here for two nights the food is the only good thing that and the 2$ min bets on roullette but that is it. There were gangbangers and hookers across the street at the Jack in the Box, definitly not the classiest spot in Vegas but not bad for 30 bucks so make sure to lock your door and check your sheets good thing i was on the strip most of the trip!!!	
Oct 22 2004	Bring your own sheets	After reading the reviews on this site, we decided to bring our own sheets and towels. It was definitely a smart move. We called the front desk to ask that housekeeping skip our room because we were afraid our towels and sheets would be taken. The front desk transferred us to housekeeping's voicemail, and we left a message. That day, housekeeping came into our room anyway. They stole one of our towels. I don't even think they cleaned the room. We called them, and they denied receiving our voice message. They also said that there was no way to get our towel back. It was on a truck with a million other towels. We asked to speak with the manager. Oddly enough, the manager was conveniently not available and wouldn't be back until the next afternoon. Of course, we would be gone by then. There was no one else to talk to. You'd think that there would be someone able to compensate us for our loss. It was rediculous. I wouldn't recommend staying at this dump, but if you have to, ask for a non-smoking room and bring your own sheets and towels. Hide your sheets and towels when you leave your room.	
Aug 20 2004	I survived a night at the Wild Wild West	I barely survived a night at this poor excuse of a hotel. As my boyfriend and I arrived in Las Vegas for the first time, we were exicited. And then we saw and SMELLED our motel room. As we walked up the stairs to our room, we had a lovely view of a truck stop. As we proceeded into the room a stale urine odor filled the room. The ceiling looked as if it was going to collaspe at any minute. The bed was scary (god knows what was lurking in those sheets) The next moring we went for a refund and ended up with a telephone bill that didnt belong to us! Overall, if you have the choice to sleep on in your car or in a free niight at the Wild Wild West (the name fits the motel pefrectly) I suggest sleeping in your car. Its safer, cleaner and proably more comfortable.	
Aug 6 2004	The Suckist Place in Vegas!!!	This place seemed more like a trailer park than a hotel. I was not only disappointed about the &quot;hotel&quot;, but ashamend and embarrased that I dished out $55 per night to stay here. While searching the internet for a hotel to stay at during my Vegas trip, I had absolutely no idea that Wild, Wild West would be such a train wreck! Please people, when choosing any place to lodge, make sure you read people's comments so that you can get a good feel for the hotel before you decide to book!!!	
Jul 6 2004	WILD WEST WASTE!	When shopping on the Internet, the rate looks good but you are better off staying in your car for the night! Stayed during our spring break and what a waste. Dirty rooms, dirty linens, not enough towels, dirty pool, maid entered room when we were sleeping, broken door lock, air conditioning not working...hotel so old and dirty I expected Wyatt Earp to walk out! The only good thing about the hotel...it's next to In and Out Burger!	
Jun 6 2004	THE WORST	This is the worst place I have ever checked into. It only took about 5 minutes to decide to call some other hotel to stay, and thank goodness we found one on a very busy weekend!!!!! The room smelled of urine, we were afraid to sit on anything, we were afraid to take our shoes off, the lights did not work and the toilet seat had cigarette burns all over it. I believe they would rather rent these rooms by the hour than by the day. There is a truck stop right behind this hotel (if you get my drift!!!!)DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT IS BAD, NO IT IS HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
May 27 2004	YUCKKY	Staying here was out of desparation since all rooms were booked due to conventions, a fight, and World Series of Poker. Booked for 2 nites; the first at $69 and the 2nd at $129!!! So ridiculous since it was a real dump. Stayed just one night and luckily found another room elsewhere. Didn't find all the other yucky stuff that was listed in other reviews, but did seem to be a &quot;dirty&quot; and unsanitary place to stay. Casino was really a bar with a table and machines!Never again!	
May 18 2004	Not Bad		
May 15 2004	dont waste your time!		
Apr 9 2004	Horrible environment		
Apr 8 2004	The worst gross and so nasty		
Mar 30 2004	Not Bad!		
Mar 25 2004	smoke everywhere		
Feb 20 2004	worse hotel in Vegas		
Jan 22 2004	SMOKE! SMOKE! SMOKE!		
Jan 10 2004	Disgusting		
Jan 2 2004	one big mistake		
Nov 23 2008 	A éviter ...		
