Oct 5 2009 	THE BEST OF THE BEST!!!!!	Hi, I had my friend stay there and he came back sadden because he missed it so much and was even willing to give up his home and family to go back. he cried the last day because he had to leave it. it was like total paradise to him , telling me the rooms are like the finest suites of the WYNN and the RIO. the service was excellent and the staff showered him with fresh friuts and hot breakfast in the morning with over 48 different vairities of food including fresh mango and papaya from overseeas. He paid only17 dollars the first night and 14 dollars the next three nights. when I saw him coming back home , he broke into great sadness with endless tears running down his face. I can tell you now that i would even recommend this place to Bill Gates and the kings and queens of Europe because this is a truly 6 star motel. Take care.	
Sep 20 2009 	Scary	Dont stay here unless you are absolutely desperate, which we were as we arrived in Las Vegas at 1am and couldn't check into our hotel until 3pm. Felt very intimidated. Rooms were awful, no towels or soap on arrival as they had to wash them. Yuck, couldn't wait to get out at 11am.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great service bad rooms and close to the Strip.	No doubt, the service is great, especially if you talk to Craig, hes really helpful and serviceminded. Appreciated that very much. The room I stayed in was in pretty bad shape - cockroaches in the bathroom, no remote to the tv and so on. Should need a serious renovation. Clean sheets and towel though, as well as a good price. A great plus is that it is so very close to the Strip, just a couple of minutes walking distance to the Stratosphere.Internet is only free if you got wifi, but you have to pay for using Oh, the pool was not very fresh. Very small and garbage floating in it. I did not take a swim.	
Sep 4 2009 	Cell-like rooms	I booked a room in this motel because of the many positive reviews on TripAdvisor.com. I never received a confirmation of my online booking--a special Internet rate of $25 for three nights or more--so I called the front desk. No one answered the phone for a couple of days, but I finally reached someone who confirmed the booking by phone.When I arrived, the desk clerk had my reservation but no record of the rate. He tried to charge me $39, explaining that it was a &quot;holiday weekend.&quot; (It wasn't; Labor Day was eight days away.) Another employee intervened and the clerk lowered the rate to $29. I charged five nights on my credit card, sight-unseen--a mistake.The room they offered me looked like a drab prison cell. I complained, and they put me in a much larger room with a kitchenette. It had a nice new carpet. But the cinder-block walls were dirty and chipping; the electrical outlets had no face plates; the smoke detector was disconnected; the bathtub was full of dirt and hair; and the bottom of the shower curtain had a three-inch band of black mold. There was a window air conditioner--it was 105 degrees--but it made such a racket that I couldn't sleep. There was a floodlight that shone through the window all night; the blinds were slightly askew and didn't keep out the light. I was offered one thin towel. An additional dish towel in the kitchenette reeked of mildew.In addition, the promised &quot;free wifi&quot; was in the lobby only. I needed wifi on this trip, and my room got no signal.It felt like a dangerous place to stay. The next morning I asked for a refund of my unused nights, and was told there was a no-refund policy. (Indeed, I had signed a &quot;no illegal activity&quot; agreement, overlooking that it also said no refunds.) When the manager arrived, he did waive the policy and refunded the extra nights, with a small penalty: My first night's room would cost me $40. It was a small price to pay to get out of there.It was evident that the owners take some pride in their motel. When they bought the facility, they say, it was more rundown than it is today. The carpet is a nice touch, and my bed was comfortable. I understand they installed an elevator too. There are two common rooms--the motel doubles as a youth hostel--and I can see how this layout might appeal to some young backpackers. But honestly, the place seemed like both a firetrap and a disease trap.	
Aug 15 2009 	Save your money for the sloy machine!!!	Deserved the Top Value Hotel. Very nice staffs. Room was basic but fine. Got everything you need for especially for this price. As i said, let's save your money and throw them in the casino! Vegas! Vegas!	
May 22 2009 	Definitely a great value if you want to just go out in Vegas and sleep here. The staff are amazing.	The staff and owners of this hostel can't be beat. They were 100% committed to making sure we had a great stay and did everything we wanted to do in Las Vegas. As a matter of fact, while we were waiting for the bus, one of the people running the hostel actually offered us a ride down the strip. He drove the four of us all the way down the strip, took our pictures under the sign, and then dropped us off where we wanted to go. It was unbelievable! Another guy working there also lent us $20 when we needed cash right away. We were four college girls traveling together and the people at this hostel went out of their way to make sure we had a safe and enjoyable experience in Vegas. People like this who are so eager to help are what makes a hostel a great one.	
May 21 2009 	Fantastic Stay in a the City of Sin	Very nice hotel with swimming pool and rooms with tv and kitchennet	
Apr 20 2009 	On the whole very enjoyable	I got there in the middle of the night and just crashed out, when I woke in the morning I realised that the place wasnt that clean and the room was tiny and uncomfortable. I had a word with the management and they were exceptionally nice about it and gave me a choice of 2 rooms to swap to. Both replacements were great and very comfortable. Common rooms were great and there was an excellent atmosphere around the building. Nights out organised by them were fun though a would say maybe a tad expensive then what it was worth . Very good fun though. Staff could not hae been more helpful. Though at times I got the feeling that there was something in it for them with their recommendation but thats vegas for you.	
Aug 27 2008 	Great place and wonderful time!! Thank you :)	We had a wonderful time at the TOD!! :) The staff was so friendly and helpful with everything having answered all of our questions and even had a list of free stuff to do in Vegas!! Ron and Carol were very hospitable in a Hostel way!! Thanks again all!!! I will definitely come back to stay when in Vegas.. Although it was hot (summertime) the pool cooled everyone off....	
Aug 26 2008 	Wonderful place to stay!!	I ended up driving to Las Vegas and wanted to be near or on the strip. I found the TOD Motor lodge and I am glad I did!! Their prices are very reasonable and I had a very pleasurable time when I stayed. The staff was most helpful with questions and concerns and the accommodations made it worth staying there.Pancake breakfast on sunday was a wonderful touch for breakfast and I enjoyed the swimming pool they have also. I recommend a stay at the TOD if you happen to be in the area of Las Vegas!! Hats off to the entire staff.-Matthew G. Los ANgeles, CA.	
Aug 22 2008	STAY AWAY from this place it currently has a huge bed bug infestation	This hotel is battling a bed bugs. The front desk staff proved to be sarcastic, rude and disrespectful in customer relations. However, management is courteous and accommodating whenever they are around. Employees can't seem to get a manager to answer phone calls if there is a serious management problem like bed bugs. They may have a creditable plan to effectively elimenate the bugs, which bite your body, leaving sores that are unsightly and cause severe itching and discomfort, but the staff and rooms need serious supervisory attention in order to avoid formal complaints with the better business bureau.	
Aug 7 2008 	Better further down the strip	I stayed at this hotel/motel for a couple of nights, towards the latter part of my trip to Vegas, I decided to check out and book further downtown - to get more in the mix of things. The actual Hotel is only around a fifteen minute walk from the strip itself and there are buses that roam downtown which are easily accessible. My only concern with the hotel was the lack of organisation and the area that it was. I had to wait around for a couple of hours for simple requests to be managed. If your walking back from the strip late at night, then you need to be careful. For the price I paid, I got a much better deal further on the strip, staying at one of the casino resorts. This hotel is your typical dive, if you don't have a bed job. Although the local neighbourhood bar, called 'Dino's' is a nice place to go to experince a real American bar - highly recommended drinking venue. Only book this place, if it's last minute.	
Nov 18 2007 	Clean friendly and helpful motel	We stayed at the Tod Motel for three nights in October and found the staff there to be so friendly and helpful.The room was huge and very clean and presentable. We booked a kitchette room but did not realise that cutlery, pots and pans were NOT provided. When i told the lady at reception she kindly went out and bought all the equipment to get us through our 3 days. Now how's is that for service!! The motel is within walking distance of Circus Circus and there's a 24 hour bus right outside the motel taking you down to the main strip.This place is excellent value for money and would definitely recommend it to others.	
Jun 12 2007 	Great family friendly atmosphere.	Arrived in Las Vegas in mid May 2007 for a new job. Needed a place to stay while looking for housing. Money being an issue I stopped at several motels around town and happened upon the TOD as I was sightseeing on the strip. Compared to the review from 2006 this is definitely a different place. Located on the strip just 2 blocks from the Stratoshpere it is very convenient to both the strip and downtown Las Vegas. This family run motel is being completely redone from top to bottom (without interrupting me). Work progresses daily from new murals on the walls to new security gates. Rooms are modest but comfortable. Easy walking distance to several restaraunts (Boston Pizza right across the street is outstanding!). The people running the place have gone out of their wayto be most accomodating. I have stayed here a total of 4 weeks and would recommend it to anyone looking for an affordable place to stay.	
May 14 2007	Breathes new life..	There is new ownership, i was greeted by a very friendly father and daughter team, as it is newly family owned. They were extremely accomodating and offered me a very affordable rate, the room was newly renovated, clean and was conveniently located on the strip, as a 24hr double decker bus passes right by. There were ample laundry facilities with reasonable prices, and had a home away from home feel. I would stay again. I also just spotted it in the movie LUCKY YOU with Drew Barrymore, loved it!	
May 7 2006	The Worst.	if you are looking for crack and other assorted drugs this is the place for you.At any hour of the day or night some stranger might knock on your door to ask for money or whatever.i was suppose to be there for a week and was only able to put up with it for 3 nights.The manager does not care about any of the customers that are staying there, and it is dangerous for children.i have disputed the charge.	
