Oct 8 2009	Worst Hotel I Have Ever Stayed	The front desk was highly unprofessional, very rude and non-accomodating. To top it off, we are now disputing unauthorized credit card charges as we are being falsely accused of property damage to a room. MY ADVICE -DO NOT STAY HERE	
Feb 16 2009 	What A Joke For A Hotel	The hotel itself was very outdated, smelled very bad, was probably the worst hotel i've ever been too. I stayed there thinking it was decent, but i was wrong. There was no difference between a frat house and this hotel. If you want to sleep quitely and comfortable, dont stay here.	
Oct 4 2008 	Not a good place to hold a seminar	Was here for a seminar but the meeting room was absolutely freezing cold. The maintenance person made some attempts to alter the thermostat but was unsuccessful. Beware if you're bringing your family to this property -- a &quot;gentleman's club&quot; is right next door and adult magazine racks are on the sidewalk in front of hotel. Carpets are old, stained, wrinkly and stretched. Staff seems to care less about customer concerns. Property looks very worn and dated. Safety may be a concern -- there are some shady characters wandering around near the hotel property. Would not recommend this facility to anybody.	
Apr 4 2008	Believe the negative reviews...	Stayed at this dump from March 25th to March 30th on a baseball trip. I had read the reviews and was a little concerned before we got there but didn't think it would be as bad as other people were saying. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; First off, we arrived at 2:15pm and tried to check in. They told us we could not check in because it wasn't 3:00 yet. They told us that they could give us 1 room to hold our teams bags in and then when we come back the rest of the rooms would be ready. Not a big deal but from what we saw, there were no cleaning ladies cleaning the rooms in our section and there was a bag of garbage sitting in the hallway. We dumped our stuff off in the one room and went out to get lunch. When we returned, they said our rooms were available and we could now check in. Bag of garbage was still in the hallway and nothing seemed different from the hour earlier when we tried to get in. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; The rooms were DIRTY! I mean, stains all over the carpet as well as hair in the sink and on the counter. Not a good sign. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; The area is very unsafe. Our second day there, we saw a cop come flying into the parking lot, jump out of his car with his shot gun, yes, I mean shot guy. Not his little gun on his hip! Next thing, 3 other cop cars came flying in the other side and they all jumped out with their guns drawn. I guess they ended up trapping some guy around the back of the hotel who also had a gun. Such a nice feeling when you are trying to look after 22 kids!&gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; The next day, a car drove by me right in front of the lobby and offered to sell me drugs! Another nice thing for the kids to be around. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; We needed to get another room because 3 of us coaches weren't going to fit into one room together. We went to the lobby and requested another room. They said &quot;no problem but we can't give you the same room rate&quot;. I asked why, to which they replied, because all 40 rooms we had reserved were booked! Funny, we only were using 7 rooms. Anyways, she put up a fight with us and answered 4 different phone calls while we were trying to figure this out. In the end, we got another room at the same rate, but the attitude and help we got was brutal. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; I believe I asked to talk to a manager on 3 different occasions and the person behind the front counter told me that there was none there at the time. Again, kinda funny because these were at all different times of the day and she could talk to the manager on the phone, but couldn't seem to get her to come to the front counter. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; Upon check out, we quickly paid our tab on 8 rooms for 5 nights and headed out to catch our flight. As we ate breakfast (at Terribles...very good I might add) we looked over one of the rooms invoices they had given us. This was the room of one of the coaches. He had been charged $56 in phone charges, 14 total phone calls all from the Friday night, which we weren't in the room to make. We called the hotel to ask for help with this and the girl at the counter put us on hold. After a few minutes and nobody coming back to the phone, we drove back to the hotel. When we walked into the lobby (still on hold I might add) the girl was talking to someone else on the phone and not even dealing with our situation. We approached her and she gave us no explanation as to why the charges were there and that once again, no manager was on duty to help us. She then answered 3 phone calls right in the middle of us talking to her. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; Another couple lined up behind us and within minutes, she completely walked away and started to help them. Unbelievable! &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; Never in my life have I witnessed such horrible treatment by staff...in any form of customer service! These people behind the counter didn't care one bit about the people spending money at this hotel. Never in my life would I recommend this hotel...not even to my worst enemy. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; Believe all the negative reports you read on here. If you don't and book here, I promise you will be in shock! Save your money and sleep in a cardboard box on the sidewalk if you have to, just don't stay here.&gt;	
Apr 3 2008 	Believe the other reviews I chose not to and was sorry.	I am a traveling professional and use coference/meeting rooms all over the the country. My company chose to ignore the negative reviews. We Will Never use this facility again.The Number 1 problem is the front desk staff and Management. Completely unprofessional,unaccommodating, and unfriendly. I arrived on a Sunday to prepare for a Monday morning meeting. I wound up setting up my own meeting space because it was not completely ready for me. I don't mean make adjustments to the room I mean rearrange what was there and completely reset it. During my meeting I needed 8 copies of a 1page document printed out for my class.The front desk refused to print for me and told me to use the business centers Credit card activated computer. We rented the meeting room for 3 days and our students stayed at the hotel bringing thousands of dollars worth of business and the would not print 8 pages. When I asked to see a manager the girl told me that she was the front desk manager and that I would have to use the business center.I can ignore the ugly 80's decor but the staff needs to go. From the management on down.The management refused to come out from the office for anyone. and I heard several people asking to see management besides myself	
Mar 30 2008 	Beware!!!	Room was broken into, the first night we arrived, while we were in the room. The &quot;Electronic Key' and 'Deadbolt' were compromised. Management told us &quot;there was nothing they could do&quot; and that &quot;it was not their problem.&quot; When I checked out they added bogus charges to the bill. Once again, management told me that there was nothing they could do. Stay away from this place.	
Mar 12 2008 	Oh My God!!!	We actually booked here because of a conference that was being held at the Clarion.Where to start…well first off, the pictures on the web are TOTALLY false, except for the fountain in the center of the FREEZING COLD pool. That was pretty. The so called limo was no were to be found. We received a luxury ride in an Econo-line Van. Very impressive. The room was dirty upon arrival. Hair on the counter top. Food crumbs on the floor etc. The first night @ midnight exactly the phone started buzzing and message light flashing. Lady at desk said they would fix it but never did. We finally just unplugged it. The beds were HORRIBLE. They both bowed in the middle. The Television quality and reception was lousy. The exercise facility was gross, it smelled like a nasty arm pit with dirty towels on the floor. The “hot tub” was cold and taped off, out of order for two out of the three days that we were there. Then the day we were leaving it was opened with leaves, twigs and sand on the bottom. Go figure. To top this all off, as we were packing up to finally leave, checking everywhere to make sure we don’t leave anything behind, we found drugs and drug paraphernalia behind the second bed. Went down to talk to the manager and they wouldn’t even come talk to us. The girl at the counter just apologized and said they would talk to house keeping. WHAT EVER!	
Jan 31 2008 	Crazy To Stay Here!!!!	Don't believe anything they have in writing, bathroom was filthy, enamel on sink chipping, lucky if you have condiments for coffee in room, cook didn't show up for breakfast no substitue therefore no breakfast available, restaurant open until 9:00 pm but they quit cooking at 8:00 pm, you can probably get one of the bartenders to fix you a salad if you are there before 9:00 pm don't look for a night cap because they close at 9:00 pm, fire alarm goes off for no reason, no hot water because the maintenance man didn't want to come in early to restart them after the city had water shut off during night, desk clerk couldn't figure out how to make change from cash deposit left,	
Jan 6 2008	Horrible	Where to start… I booked this hotel, because it was near the airport and had free internet (to do online check-in). We were only staying the night before our flights out the next day. We have been to Vegas a dozen times in the last 5 years, so we didn’t really want to be on the strip.(due to traffic and such)We arrived early (before check-in) and they kindly let us check in. The exterior of the hotel made me nervous, it was very old, weathered, just plain run down. I was willing to overlook it (I was only paying $89). When we got in they were in remodeling, everything was torn apart. But we thought OK, we will get to our room and maybe it will be better, not so loud and dirty.Ohh, but it only got worse. The shag carper had so many unidentifiable stains. It was like a crime scene. I didn’t remove my shoes. My husband went to the front to ask to change rooms. (Our friends a room that had clean carpet) As we walked to the front desk, we felt we were in the ghetto. The parking lot was filled with thugs. (and no, they were not workers, just loiterers) Understand, I have traveled to world. Been in great and not so great hotels. Had to have armed guards. But, my husband said that he would leave the luggage on the car, because at least it had an alarm. He thought the room would be robbed.We told them our problems and they kindly let us check out without being charged. We went directly to the Treasure Island (our favorite Vegas hotel) and for $10 more had a beautiful, clean, pleasant stay. It was $10 well spent.I stay at Choice Hotels (Clarion Inn, Quality Inn, Comfort Inn) all over the world. Belong to Choice Privilege club, even have there credit card. But even a loyal customer like me, had to leave this disaster of a hotel.	
Aug 19 2007 	Good Value - Great Location	Booked on the internet for 59 Dollars -- a very good value at that price. The rooms were reasonably clean. I felt safe. The location was outstanding. Getting into the property and out of the property (I had a car) was very, very easy. The rooms are not new, the carpet had a few stains, but overall an acceptable level of 'clean'. In other words, anything under 80 dollars and this was/is a good value.	
Aug 10 2007 	BATES Motel!	This is the worst place to stay, we had a terrible time there. There was urine in the elevator. The key cards kept getting deactivated, Some of the family members had the no somking section and that was really bad. It had a really foul oder in the halls and the rooms. There was toe nail clipping in the bed. Once they cleaned the bed it was all over the floor. The shuttle service was lousey! It's two long blocks from the strip. Half the staff did not speak english. This place blows!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 15 2007 	Stay away from this dump.	Las Vegas's Best Keep Secret!!!!! Yeah Right.We had made a booking for 2 rooms for 3 nites each, But they had only 1 room booked for us and waited 8 hours before we got our second room, Very poor staff as they could not care less,If this place is the best kept secret in vegas, Vegas is in trouble.They must have rated this dump them selfs as no one else would give that heading,A very old place with a coat of paint, dirty rooms and our toilet had a big piece broken out of the front of the bowl, I wanted to leave the place when i pulled into the car park but had prepaid the whole amount, We had booked non smoking rooms and yes both our rooms were smoking rooms, Not good enuff. And no other rooms to offer us, POOR POOR POOR...We went to vegas for the NHRA and was lucky i had my buddys with me, as i would not have stayed there with my wife and kids. Looks good in the adds but far from that in the flesh,Do your self a favor and go stay somewhere else,	
Jun 13 2007 	alright hotel	This hotel is alright. Nothing exceptional, nothing horrible. The check in process was slow!!! It took probably 20-30 minutes. The employee did not know what she was doing, so she had to go and get another employee. Room was clean and nicely furnished - I was worried because of some reviews. The pool was cold, but big. The kids loved it though because it has a fountain in the middle of it. The hotel has a shuttle service. The problem with it is that the shuttle will drop you off in a few places, but it will not pick you back up. With small children it creates a huge problem. No continental breakfast. The tv does not have many channels. Bathroom was small. Outside of the bathroom is a little vanity, which was nice. In the room there was a little wet bar with a fridge. Overall the experience was okay. Prices were alright for a weekend night in Vegas.	
May 10 2007 	Trust Me You Don't Want to Stay Here	This is a place you don't want to stay if you have problems. We had a very loud noise that sounded like someone threw silverware done an insinkerator and turned it on. We first heard it in the afternoon but went out to some casinos. We returned at 10 p.m. and we noticed that the noise was going on and off every 2 min. We called to the front desk about 10:30 and they said they would send maintenance up. 9 hours later through an almost sleepless night the noise continued. Apparently the night shift didn't know that the maintenance man went home at 10 p.m. Upon check out I asked for a reduction of our bill because our stay that night did not meet their 100% satisfaction at all. Basically, they don't care about their guests nor quality of care or guest relations. I had to call Choice Hotels to get compensation. The Clarion did issue an apology but I felt it didn't compensate for a lousy night , their bad attitudes and lack of customer service. I do have to commend one of their van drivers who went out of his way for us and the restaurant staff were very nice.	
Apr 1 2007 	The most unfriendly staff ever	I stayed at this hotel because it was the recommended hotel for a conference at UNLV. I arrived early (11ish) on the first day after traveling across the country to get there. I was told that they would have a room in a couple of hours, so I went to the strip. When I returned in three hours, I was told that I would have to wait until check in at three. Meanwhile, they checked in several other people who were part of the conference, and would not check me in until 3. Their response was that check in was at 3. I have never had a hotel that made me wait until the minute check in started. That was a minor detail compared with the rest of the stay.We got our room, which was suppose to be a non-smoking room. The room smelled worse than any other room I have ever been in. We went to the front desk, which one person said that they would give us a can of deodorizer. Luckily, the only nice person working (Champagne was her name, I think) stepped in and said that she would change our room. The new room was better.We stayed for three nights, and the room was only cleaned one time. The day before we left, we asked if we could have late check out and would pay for the extra time. The woman said to come back in the morning and they would extend it for a couple of hours at no charge. The next day, they said that they would extend it for a couple of hours but charge me 50 dollars. I agreed and then was billed 75 dollars, which they said was half the price. They didn't seem to care.Do not stay at this hotel because it is one of the worst places I have ever stayed, and the staff (except Champagne) was some of the rudest and unaccommodating people I have ever met. For a town based on tourism, you would think that service would be the top priority. Not at this place.	
Mar 21 2007 	Avoid it at all cost!!!!!!	We were stranded in Las Vegas due to flight cancellations because of bad weather to our destination. On that Friday evening, there were only few options and ended up landing at the Clarion. We thought it was going to be all right, however, we were totally wrong. Even though we booked a pricey ($200+/night) for a non-smoking room, the hotel didn’t honor the request and gave us a smoking room. The common areas of the hotel are disgusting, dust and dirt everywhere. Our room, located on the third floor, was even worse. The comforters were stained and dirty; all pieces of furniture were nicked and scratched. The old and smelly carpet was totally filthy and soiled. I believe they hadn’t steamed or cleaned the carpets in ages! On top of everything, our room was located next to the entrance of the floor and each time people opened the door it slammed, over and over again. Staff were not supportive, poor service. In conclusion, it was a nightmare. Trust me: you do not want to stay at the Clarion!	
Mar 11 2007 	WOW!!	You go to Vegas, you expect to have the time of your life. Granted, it is a smaller property so you don't really expect the Manadalay Bay in quality, but one would think that no matter how small the property is, it is unacceptable to walk up to the main desk and have the girl behind it sleeping. I was disgusted that an establishment which prides itself on hospitality would allow its employees to sleep on the job right in front of guests. Interestingly enough, once the girl woke up I read her badge and it stated that she was a supervisor. SCARY! That was just one of the many mind boggling occurrences that happened during our stay. The only good thing was that we didn't spend much time at the place because we had better places to be, and that they had a free shuttle. (Of course, however, they only had one driver..who conveniently called in sick so we had to pay for our own taxi.) Instead of getting angry, we just made a list of all that was wrong and rather found it very comical. The management is obviously terrible, that place won't be around much longer.	
Jan 31 2007 	It is all in the past!	I just came back from Las Vegas. I had to go there on a business trip. This will be my 3rd time visting Vegas- all business. My company has always booked the MGM but this year they broke us down into smaller groups and we stay at the Clarion. This hotel had nicer rooms and service than I had recieved from the MGM. Before I left, I was checking on line for the weather there to know how to pack. I came across this site and was a bit scared of what I would see. Well, I was happily surprised. There was no stains or peeling wall paper. The place was just newly renovated- newly painted. Also the staff was extremely friendly. The staff that handles our meetings were so acommodating. From what my boss said, my company was also very please with the service they received. I am not doubting some of the past reviews, but it is not the case presently. I loved the idea od being picked up in a limo from the airport. Overall I had a great stay. I would go back there in a second and also recomend this property to my family and friends.	
Nov 2 2006 	Horrible Waste Of Money And Scary Place	We arrived late, so NO time to find another hotel. We walked in to check in and could not understand the rep there as he spoke very little English.Our room was AWFUL. I noticed it was just painted. There were paint spots all over. That was NOT the problem. Appears they tried to patch bullet holes in the walls! I found blood on the door and the side of the tv cabinet. The couple of towels they left us were yellow stained and used. The two person jetted tub was plastic and smelled with stains. No bath mat. The bed was horrible. We lifted the sheets to find huge soaked stains. The couch had stains all over it. We felt very uneasy in the room. We called for a change of rooms. We were given the room right below us. That one also just painted?? To cover up what leaked from the upstairs room???The towels were also just as gross. The carpet was totally stained with large oil, dirt, etc stains. Everything smelled. We spent $164 on this???? It was the worst night of our vacation which included rustic cabins in Death Valley. They were 100 times better than this place!I would tell everyone NOT to go here. Also a safety issue as the locks on the door had been knocked off! The wood was broke on the door jam. The area is very scary. Do NOT walk anywhere around this place. The limo they have on their web site was who knows where???? Very unfriendly people.Even their wi-fi did not work properly!WHATEVER you do, don't book here!!!! You will be staying in a germ infested, very scary place. I think it should be condemned by the health department! Come on! We will NEVER stay at another Clarion since they put their name on this hotel! We left EARLY!I would add pictures of what we found, but it would gross all of you out!	
Oct 20 2006 	A great stay	I was a little leery of this hotel after reading some of the reviews, but found that everything was just fine when I stayed there. Yes, the decor of the hotel is a peach and teal combo that looks very dated these days, but my room was spotlessly clean. The front desk staff were very helpful, and the small restaurant in the lobby does a great breakfast.	
Oct 1 2006 	Poor management. Poor service. Terrible stay.	STAY AWAY!! We were scheduled to stay at this hotel for three nights, but ended up leaving after the first two due to problems that we saw with every aspect of the hotel:MANAGEMENT: We saw one of the managers, male, acting like a child, running around and flirting with one of the front desk clerks while the other desk clerk, who appeared to be training, dealt with customers. Another manager, Kelly, is extremely rude to guests and treats her staff very poorly. She gave our family unnecessary attitude about something that should have been an easy fix, just because she did not feel like doing her job of providing acceptable customer service. We witnessed her rolling her eyes and repremanding the staff right at the front desk. It is hard to run a good hotel if you have two immature/lazy children for a mangement team. Considering how horrible this hotel is, one would think that the managers would be trying to improve. Extremely unprofessional behavior.2FRONT DESK: For the most part the clerks at the desk tried their best to provide good customer service. There were a couple females who were questionable, but it seemed as though that was a result of poor training. We had to wait a couple of times for the girl to get off her cell phone to acknowledge us.HOUSEKEEPING: Didn't have enough towels in the room. The towels that we did have had stains all over them and strings falling out of them. This was also the case for the bedding and carpet, which also had stains all over them. Additionally,the housekeepers do not speak English which obviously makes communication more difficult. Also, the room smelled HORRIBLERESTAURANT: The servers were rude. Either they were on their cell phones with their backs to us, or not making eye contact with us as to not serve us. We overheard them complaining about customers who do not give tips. Some words were used that should never be used in a public, &quot;professional&quot; setting.WE WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN AND WILL ADVISE ALL OTHERS TO DO THE SAME!!	
Sep 20 2006 	Take another hotel...it's better for you	We reserved for 3 rooms for 6 nights and after one night we left this terrible hotel. The carpet very dirty in each 3 rooms, linens and towels very bad. The front desk agent sleep on the counter. Pool dirty too. I don't recommanded this hotel to anybody visiting Las Vegas. We change for the Flamingo Las Vegas on the strip for the same price.	
Jul 6 2006	Ok for a hotel off the strip	I stayed at this hotel for one night. The rooms are spacious and ok if you want a cheaper hotel away from the strip and casinos. When I pulled down the sheets there was a stain and the sheets looked like they were slept in and the towels also had stains, otherwise, the room seemed clean. We called the front desk and they immediately came and changed the sheets. We received a discount for the inconvience. The restaruant in the hotel is actually quite good. I ordered one of their burgers and it was quite large at a reasonable price. It is quite a walk from the strip, so I would suggest that you have a car, if you don't like to walk in the very hot sun. The pool is open 24 hours, which is really nice since I normally don't get back to hotels until the pools are usually closed. I would probably stay at this hotel again if I only needed to stay one night.	
Jul 3 2006	Just Okay for a short stay	We stayed at the Clarion Saturday June 10th. We got into Las Vegas late after a long plane ride so we didn't want to spend a lot for a hotel. I think we got a rate of around $70-$80. through Expedia. If you are looking to save money on a weekend night when rates go up on the nicer hotels this is okay. I don't know if I would want to stay here any more than a night or so. When we arrived to our hotel it was late and we were tired. Check in went smoothly. We got into our room and the air was not working. It was extreamly hot !! We called the front desk and they sent maintenance right away to our room. They were able to fix it after a while. That was nice. The room itself looked worn it needs some updating. It was loud during the night you could hear doors slamming. One of our towels in the bathroom had an old stain on it. (Yuck). It was several blocks down to the Strip but I'm told there was a limo we could have taken. The area did not seem bad there were some other casino's nearby and several chain restaurants nearby. Cozymels, Buca di Beppo to name a couple. However there was a gentleman's club next door.I would say this place is just okay. It wasn't horrible or the wost place I have stayed. I wasn't expecting a four star hotel at the rate I received. This would be a good place for people who mainly want to save some money and won't be in the room much. Also those who prefer not to stay right in a casino hotel.	
Jun 3 2006	Great Option Near The Strip	If you're tired of the hassles and costs of staying on the strip but want quick access to it, this is a great choice. Some of the prior reviewers seemed to be expecting a room on the level of Bellagio. Obviously you won't get that for $80 a night, but the room was clean and the staff was friendly. Also, the hotel is not on the edge of a bad part of town, as one reviewer suggested. Perhaps best of all, a limousine is at your beck and call almost continuously, including for the trips to and from the airport and from the hotel to several points on the strip. (However, you have to find your own way back from the strip if you're not up for the walk, which is a little lengthy if your time is limited or the weather is bad.) There is also a very nice pool. We will certainly stay here again.	
May 23 2006	eh.	You get what you pay for people. And I think for the most part, people who work at a place like this don't have the training to keep their cool when confronted by an angry customer, and you will be treated as you treat them. It's not the Wynn.We needed a place to stay with our kids for a family wedding. For obvious reasons we didn't want to subject our kids to the casinos (the wedding @ Caesar's was enough.)The room itself was reasonably clean,(it's not a new hotel, so the usual cracks and such in the shower, tile, etc.There was some stray hair in the tub and sink, and on bathroom floor which grosses me out) The check in staff was wonderful to us, but an employee (woman) was arguing loudly with another customer at the desk next to us. (seems to be a common theme) but personally for us, things went fine. The housekeeper was a dear, and immediately brought us more towels. The bedspreads were slightly stained and felt gummy. I pulled the sheets back to check them and found....yep, more curly black hair and specks of debris. The sheets looked clean, unstained and smelled fresh though?.There was no evidence/smell of smoke in this non smoking room, a first! There were about 10 TV channels and the preview chanel was showing some pretty racy stuff. Be careful who has the remote if you bring kids!We walked to the strip for dinner. Wear your walking shoes, these are Las Vegas &quot;blocks&quot;. The hotel is abutts the &quot;not so nice&quot; part of town. There is a strip club next door, abandoned casino adjacent, lots of garbage on the sidewalks (where there are sidewalks) though it appears there is some renovation going on around it . When we came back to the hotel around 9, there were plenty of skanky looking charfacters around, and much leering at my 11 year old daughter. Ick. Let's just say we made tracks.When we got back, my husband asked for 4 more pillows (the ones on the bed were sooo flat. We heard some (guy) behind the scenes grumbling &quot;Four pillows? What the hell do they need four pillows for? Don't they know were are full?&quot;Our sweet houskeeper arrived with 2 pillows, hot and fluffed from the dryer. We asked her for two more, and she olbliged... We left her a nice tip the next morning , and she cleaned the room to a sparkle and totally restocked everything. The pool was fantastic . Nice and clean, water was cool and not over chlorinated, even the spa felt clean, and the kids had a blast. Really great pool/gym/bar area for this mediocre hotel.So there you go	
Apr 22 2006	Friendly Staff 	I stayed at this hotel in the end of March. I was a bit worried, after seeing some of the reviews, but was pleasently surprised. When I landed at the airport, I was worried because check-in time was 3PM, and my flight got mer there at 10 AM. I called the from the airport on the courtsy phone, the lady was pleasent, and helpful, and said the &quot;limo&quot; would be there in 10 minutes. Just enough time tio get my bags and walk out on the lower level. I was asked if I was Mr. xyz, I said yes. he took my bag and away we went.It was a limo, large cool, and comfortable. Its a free service, but I tipped him $10The staff at the front desk was helpfull, the lobby while somewhat dated, was clean, with the fountain running. My only problem was when I walked into the room, there was a smell I couldnt identify. But realized the windows were open, and the &quot;smell&quot; was Las Vegas&quot; After some tiome with the AC on, it seemed to be gone.My second day there I decided for breakfast in the hotel. GREAT waitress (from Minnesota) food was hot and good portion, at a resonable cost. Nothing to write home about, but no worse than a Perkins or Dennys. Plus it only cost $7 for steak, eggs, and beverage.All in all I found the staff helpfull, the hotel ok. The workout equipment is way out datetd, I think they would have been better off keeping a bar in the room they converted to a &quot;fitness center&quot; Its a walk to the strip, but I enjoyed walking faster than the cars seemingly always stuck in a traffic jam.All in all OK&gt; You dont go to Vegas for the hotel. your hotel is to sleep and get clean, and it searved its purpose above and beyond.	
Apr 3 2006	Nice but slight Attitude	Stayed here in Oct 2005, Good quiet location and has a nice pool for relaxing in. 99% of the staff are good but I had a problem with one of the women staff who seemed to be not bother with helping with booking in. Rooms are nice and big with most fascility`s for our stay. Its a 10 minute walk to the Strip where you end up at the New York,New York hotel in front of you. They have a free limo service which they say is 24 hour service but found that it is not.Certainly not a Hotel I`d stay again. Mainly down to the girl in reception with the attitude. I`m sure there are better hotel`s available for the price we paid, I only went for this hotel because I thought it would be to busy to hotel on the Strip but next time I will stay on the strip for much the same price.. I think what ruined this hotel for me was first impression`s and my first impression was the bad attitude by this girl. All other staff were excellent and a good meal and a drink and a chat with the bar staff helped me give this hotel a Average rate...	
Nov 23 2005	Just OK	2 and a half stars is about right for this hotel. It is in quite a good position, about 10 minutes walk to the 'main' bit of the Strip (Caesars Place area) however double the price of a night at the Sahara, where we stayed following our one night at the Clarion, and although just as comfortable and clean, it is without the restaurants, casino, monorail station, cafes, shops, shows, buffets, rides and basically everything we went to Vegas for.The other thing is we were put in a room next to what can only be described as a generator which made an awful noise all night which wasn't pleasing after a 14 hour flight. We would normally of asked to change rooms however we were far too tired and fortunately we had ear plugs with us.All in all just ok, plus points being a nice big comfy bed, and the hotel does have a free limo which will take you to the Strip and the airport however it is not very frequent, but a nice extra.	
Oct 25 2005 	The good The Bad and The Ugly.	I spent several nights, checking in on Oct 17, 2005 by myself on a business trip. The Good:1. Limo service to/from the airport. One-way limo service to the strip or convention center. 2. Surprisingly good food, given my comments below.3. Pool/spa looks nice, though it rained much of my stay.4. Decent rates, ~90/nt.5. Restaurant/bar staff friendly.6. No-frills room, basic stuff as expected.The Bad:1. No iron in my room. Called maid service, got the bar, told me to call the front desk. No one picked up. Ask for iron in person upon leaving a.m., but none present upon my return. Asked again that night &amp; then delivered. (Not that big a deal)2. Only two blocks from the strip! (as stated), but the blocks are a country mile. It's a 10-15 minute walk from the strip. Bring comfy shoes.3. Exercise room is a detached facility. Given the rain, I'd prefer a facility within the building. Again, not a big deal.4. Property is in need of a little TLC and updating. The decor does not suit my tastes. Ghetto-fabulous southwestern motiff, yeah baby!5. Small tv, and only 11 channels to view (12 for english/spanish speakers). Understandably, this may or may not be a problem depending on your stay's purpose. The Ugly:1. I found graffiti in my room. It was around the door frame on the inside of the bathroom. Ok the door frame is brown, the tagging in black, so it doesn't stand out but am I the only one to see it?2. Past building repairs are obvious. Drywall work in my ceiling stood out as it did in other parts of the building. Did someone actually review the repairs and say &quot;OK, looks good&quot;?3. Traffic ---. Convention center to airport (3:00pm), $18.00. Map it, it ain't far.Notables:Decent rates, bring your own car if your on the move. If you want to impress, keep driving.Hotel between two properties, out-of-business Key Largo Casino and Platnum Gentlemen's Club. Does that sum it up or what?	
Sep 9 2005 	We loved the Clarion!	We go to Vegas on business twice a year. I was tired of the huge casino hotels – tons of walking, crowds, smoke and I wanted to be able to lay by the pool or use the hot tub anytime. So, this time we stayed at the Clarion. It was really just a couple of blocks from the strip and I didn't think the neighborhood bad at all. We had a car and used it as it way too hot to walk. But the Clarion offers on-call limo service to the strip.The hotel was small and had everything we wanted – a nice 24 hour pool/hot tub area, restaurant, very comfortable room. We had fast wireless Internet in our room (main building only) and by the pool. We loved it and had no problems whatsoever. The price was even cheaper than the casino hotels for a much nicer stay. There were even casinos next door to walk to if you wanted. And nice restaurants across the street. It all depends on what you’re looking for, but if you want something quiet and relaxing, I would definitely recommend the Clarion.	
Jul 26 2005	We Loved this place! Ignore the bad reviews! Great off the strip hotel!	Now don't get me wrong, this is not the Bellagio, but it is decent for a Clarion! I travel a TON for business. As a matter of fact, I flew 10 girls to Vegas on frequent flier miles I had accumulated from all my travel over the past year. I stay in hotels just as frequently. This hotel passed my inspection with flying colors.It had a very clean pool area, which we frequented. The rooms were also decently clean. Our air conditioning worked WONDERFULLY (it was 118 degrees one day we were there!). We even had to turn in down occasionally. The bathroom was clean and had great water pressure in the shower. The small restaurant had VERY good food which honestly surprised me (I had breakfasts and appitizers)! Several of my friends also had lunch and said it was quite good. Our service was quite good. The service at the bar and front desk was fine. We even had one worker who would go out of his way to help us and check to make sure our stay was going smoothly. The free limo was a great extra. We took it to the strip and to and from the airport. We used its service service to get to the strip and usually took a cab home. This hotel is walking distance to the strip, however it was so hot when we were there, we took the limo. Then we would catch a cab back to the hotel, which cost around $5 with 4 to 5 girls in the cab. Don't expect elegance and glitter at this joint. But if you want a decent, off the strip place to stay this passed my inspection! I am even considering staying here on my honeymoon as I have some hotel points I need to use up!	
Apr 28 2005	A nice inexpensive hotel	Despite the bad reviews from others, we found this hotel just fine. Nice staff, clean room, inexpensive, 24 hour pool, a few blocks from the strip. Don't be scared off.	
Apr 17 2005	Dont go the staff are terrible	Wish i had checked this site before we stayed there!!! never again will I not look here.My girlfriend and I were visiting Las Vegas whilst touring America, and arrived there at about 10.30pm (8 hour drive), and I was so tired I just wanted to stop. So came across this place.Spoke to the reception, nice guy if he would pay attention to us and stop answering the phone for 5 minutes, and we were quoted a cost of $210 for 3 nights, which I though was great, cheap but great, didn’t think much of the cost as it is 10/15 minutes from the strip and no casino. Just though we had got a good deal late in the evening.So you can imagine our surprise when looking at the account 2 days later (they have it on TV which is nice) and found out we were being charged this amount a night!!!I tried to speak to reception that evening to at least discuss the matter, as this was too much cash, we are traveling round the world and couldn’t afford this. So you can imagine my surprise when the lady at the desk shoves my receipt for payment under my nose, tells me we have signed and what do I expect. They were sarcastic, called me a liar, and generally were the rudest people I have ever had to deal with in a hotel. This is a lot as I used to be the manger of a hotel! Refused to give me any information even when I accepted I would pay the money as there ‘must’ have been a misunderstanding (all mine I was told)The only nice person was the guys that fixed our AC unit which leaked over our clothing, they were really nice, helpful and had good local knowledge, should be at the desk and the people there should be looking for new jobs.To be honest I just want to forget the place, it put a complete spoiler on our trip as this was right at the end of America and will be a lingering thought of the place which is ashame, as generally the country was great.Just want other people to avoid our mistake!!!!!Happy travels	
Apr 11 2005 	Cool Hotel	i dont know what everyones talking about but the clarion was nice to me when we checked in the lady was really helpful then we got to our room i thought it was cool it had a sofa a fridge quiet and off the strip so u can kick back u can park ur car where u can see it i'd stay there again cuz its clean and not expensive and its off the strip	
Dec 9 2004	Very dirty rude staff bad part of town	THE WORST HOTEL STAY I HAVE HAD EVER.!!! Smelly old hotel with very rude staff. payed $104 a night for hotel room with whirlpool tub didn't work and was filthy. LORIN girl behind counter very rude accused us of breaking the tub. General Manger IKE very unpleasant also backed his employee LORIN unproffesional rude. Complained about dirty hotel room said &quot; ITS NOT A NEW HOTEL&quot;. Website is misleading hotel is very nasty. ended up moving to TERRIBLES HOTEL AND CASINO BEST HOTEL FOR $29 a night VERY NICE STAFF	
Nov 4 2004	Filthy AND the most horrible service	We thought that we were being filmed for a Candid Camera episode.The place (beyond the lobby) was absolutely filthy and service to match.If you plan on complaining, please don't see &quot;Ike&quot; (General Manger). He sees and hears no evil but he certainly does speak it.With all of the choices Vegas has to offer please don't even consider this property. The only reason we had our meeting there was because it was a last minute plan and there were no other options available. Had we known it was as bad as it was we would have rescheduled.	
Jul 30 2004	Awful!	The only good thing about this hotel, is that it's right down from the strip and they do have limo service to and from the strip.To start off, the girl at the front desk had really long fingernails that were painted GREEN. Not a very professional look.Our room was filthy. The carpet was stained, and the room reeked of smoke...even though it was a nonsmoking room. I could hear the people above us, walking (stomping) around the entire time. Of course, due to the proximity of the strip...we could hear people in the hallway, all night long.I will never stay here again. Neither should anyone else.	
Jun 28 2004	Misleading Website	Internet misleading. Claimed to have a shuttle service - i'm sure it was great but it shut down at 9:30 on a weekend night!! Nice place to stay, and a great location... but the internet info is a bit misleading.	
Jan 20 2004	worst worst and the worst	WORST HOTEL in the world. The general manager yelled at me when I clamied him that we had bad service during our stay. Room was dirty, other guest tried to get into one of our room in the middle of night. When I told him that one of our room was dirty, he replied to me, &quot;oh, yeah? I don't know who did it. Maybe someone got inside&quot; Someone might be get inside??? What a response. It's getting worse. He yelled at me saying, &quot;I heard enough, I don't have time to play with you, what do you want, what do you want! &quot; That is the attitude of the general manager. Most of theri staff were very similar with him. No one admits anything but accuses customer instead. After I clamied the Clarion Hotel, he sent me a letter with no apology but this, &quot;I apologize if we did not meet your standards. We are a Three Diamond AAA property&quot; If you don't believe me, just try to stay there. You will see.	
Dec 16 2006 	Hôtel à recommander		
