	MGM Grand Hotel 	Beautiful rooms, great views, close to so much other fun, including a much needed Walgreens &amp; CVS Pharmacy. Nathans has awesome &quot;faster&quot; food. Pools are gorgeous. Television City is fun. Casino crowd is cool. Only negative is no free amenities; mini-fridge, coffee pot, essential to families. Otherwise it was fantastic!	
	Great Hotel!	The hotel was great! It was busy, but we were always treated like we were valued. The beds were extra comfy, and the shows KA and David Copperfield were at the MGM and we saw both! I liked the MGM because it had something to do for every time of the day. Great pool, huge casino, lots of shows, the lion habitat, it was all amazing! I would stay here again!	
	Good for families	We didn't come here for the gambling or nightlife, we came to chill out at the end of a long road trip. Although Vegas is mad and hard work we did find this hotel relaxing and the pool complex was fantastic. The hotel's location is great being on the lower end of the strip with a monorail out the back and the bus stop out front - I wouldn't bother with the monorail as by the time you've walked to the back of the hotel you could be on a bus and away up the strip. We had a grand tower room (clean and v comfortable) on 29, which was a bit daunting at first but worthwhile as the view was great and you can get free wifi from the skylofts above. My 6yr old daughter loved the pool, the (sleeping) lions, the Rainforest Cafe, New York and a fairy castle across the road, but best of all the bellagio fountains 20 minutes up the strip.	
	Not so Grand	This was our first trip to Vegas so we booked into the MGM with high hopes - it took us around 30 mins to get checked in. There did not seem to be enough front desk staff to handle the volume of people coming through.When we got to the room it was a disappointment - firstly is smelled damp (how is this possible in Nevada?). One of the kids immediately needed the restroom and reported back that the toilet not been cleaned. The room was missing a coffee maker and fridge and had an very old tube TV - it felt 10-15 dated. Had to pay for Internet at $15/night which seemed steep as it was quite low speed.The Grand buffet was a disappointment for breakfast - carbo heavy offerings with little fresh fruit or cereals - display counter tops at the cooking station had not been cleaned for several weeks judging by the thick layer of dust. Also poor was the Sudio Cafe for breakfast - Denny's quality at $30 per head.The casino was however one of the best I played in during the week.We stayed 2 nights and was happy to move up the strip to The Venetian which was an order of magnitude better.Go somewhere else better for the money ................	
	MGM is the best	First the hotel is huge! Something like 6,000 rooms. The good part is that you have tons of things to do at the hotel without ever leaving. But, if you do leave, you are right in the middle of everything. I highly recommend the Ticketbooth a block down the street. I got tickets to Cher for $60! As for the hotel, the rooms are nice and the beds are very comfy. I have stayed in a regular room and this time tried the West Wing. Don't bother spending the $ for the upgrade. The rooms are small and the bathroom is in the room - no door, just a shower next to the sink and toliet. Strange. The regular rooms are much better, larger and have a view(in the West Wing the bed is up against the window). This is my third time at the MGM and would stay here again and again. I used trip advisor and got a great deal with a $25 a day activity credit along with $70 a night rate. By far the best rate on the internet. Thanks trip advisor!	
	Watch your wallet!	MGM is a blatant corporate edifice. You want coffee? Only Starbucks available, but at least there were 5 of them. Catch a movie? Nope. No can do. Eat reasonably? Ha! That is really a joke. Free WIFI? Yes...for $14.95/day.The whole experience was depressing. And it did take over 45 minutes to check in. I was afraid that if it took any longer, we could check out at the same time. Stay away from MGM.	
	Great stay	Awesome hotel/casino.... absolutely monumental in size and great value for money. Out of all the casinos we looked at it was by far a great all rounder. Superb food and shopping, really friendly staff and nicely presented rooms	
	This hotel can meet all of your Las Vegas requirements!	I am so glad I booked at the MGM for my 5 days in Vegas. The staff were so accommodating from check in to check out, the rooms were clean and we had a beautiful view. The bed was extremely comfortable. The restaurants ranged from plush plush to a special section for McDonalds and Nathans if you wanted something simple. There were a few starbucks added in also.Its also a great place to gamble and a good location.	
	Las Vegas MGM Grand	Top Notch Hotel! Was very please with my accomodations!	
	Great Service - Lotsa Fun	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the MGM. While it took a lot of walking around to get our bearings, from the moment we arrived, we were impressed. It is a massive hotel with the benefit of Cirque, shopping and dining right at you doorstep. One thing, be prepared for the cost of dining at one of the many restaurants within the hotel. We had a delicious, but expensive dinner at SeaBlue. Great bars and plenty of slots. Would return.	
Nov 25 2009 	Lions	The lions were sweet, lions in a hotel it was awsome.	
Nov 25 2009 	Gorgeous shame about the noise	Pros:- Great location, few minutes walk from the 'main' part of the Strip- Cheap- Large, well decorated, clean room. Some reviews say the deco is outdated etc, so we were pleasantly surprised with the style of the room (muted beige tones, black and white prints of Marilyn Monroe on the wall, giant bathroom)- Good in-house entertainment (Studio 54, Cirque du Soleil show)- Decent casino (although never actually saw the lions - they only seem to be out for a few hours, and when they are, the cage area is rammed with people)- The hotel didn't seem to as full of noisy stag do's as some of the other hoteks within this price rangeCons:- The walls appear to be paper thin, we could hear everything the people in the next room were saying- Overpriced in-house food, but that's typical of Vegas	
Nov 24 2009 	Big Comfortable and Great Location	This hotel is a destination in itself. It is not for those who are intimdated by large. Just walking around the hotel can be a long trip and getting lost is not hard at first. But once you get your bearings, it is a very good hotel. We stayed in the West Wing. It was very trendy, with clean, well planned rooms that have recently been upgraded. However the rooms are small. I am not sure it is worth the upgrade.Bellmen were excellent as were all staff we encountered. The location is perfect. It is right in the heart of the south part of the strip. The monorail also stops at this hotel. You will not be dissapointed.	
Nov 24 2009 	Wheelchair access	Traveling with my 80 year old mother was made easy with the help of MGM staff - from check in to casino, getting a cab, attending shows - all was a joy - we had a room on the 18th floor - that was laid out for handicap access - We also rented a wheelchair from the hotel. Much like being on a cruise ship, we could stay in the hotel and find meal choices, shows, and casino fun...a great four days	
Nov 23 2009 	Great Weekend with Family to celebrate 75th Birthday	We enjoyed a great weekend with three couples and my mother. All of the staff were friendly and genuinely interested in our happiness. Rooms were nice and bathrooms large. We enjoyed drinks at Rouge and the West Wing Bar. Breakfast at Studio Cafe was very good; sandwiches at Emeril's at the bar were tasty and the beer list extensive. We celebrated a birthday at Fiamma offered good food and wonderful service. We are already planning our next trip and all agree we would like to stay MGM.	
Nov 23 2009 	Mediocre rooms with very comfy beds lots of walking great poker room	The room was at the end of a long long hallway with paper thin walls that you could hear everything next door. The bed was very comfortable with lots of pillows. The TV was my father's tube TV from 1985 complete with rolling interference waves on it lol. The bathroom was super basic but mostly clean. The view was of the airport. There was no fridge, no coffeemaker. I didn't use the safe after seeing how easy those in room safes are to break into with just a screwdriver and a strong arm. Didn't see or use the pool.The poker room is very well run.The clubs had the usual jerky bouncers and admittance staff.The valet parking was very efficient and professional.The lobby was packed with people checking in lol.Overall, if you like low - mid stakes poker and casino games and you get this place for a deal, and you are just using the room for sleeping etc, it's fine. Don't expect too much though and you'll be happier!I probably wouldn't return except for the poker room (and I hear the pool is very good in the summer).	
Nov 22 2009 	Great stay!!	We were at the MGM Grand for a 3 night stay. Our room was in the West Wing. The room was perfect, large enough and clean. Getting there was not difficult and even quite quick from the casino. The corridor to the West Wing is not as obscure as some reviewers qualify it. Don't be afraid to accept a room in that part of the hotel. Our room was near an elevator that we could hear but that did not stop us from having a very good sleep. We spent an afternoon by the lazy river. The ambiance there was lively and young. Check-in and check-out was done very rapidly, almost no wait time. Throughout our stay, every staff member was always courtious and efficient. Would definitly stay here again.	
Nov 21 2009 	Great Hotel apart from check in/check out	First time in MGM Grand and very impressed. My main reason for coming to Vegas was Poker, so didn't really check anything apart from poker room, I can't remember exact price, but it was definitely graet value as the buffet was included too, The only downfalls would be waiting time for check in which was definitely over 1 hour, a bit shorter for check out, and waiting time for buffet. Apart from it great place, and will definitely be back there next yaer	
Nov 20 2009	old and cheap	MGM Grand is an imposing structure in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. This was my first time staying there, and the hotel and casino is less than impressive. The room was clean enough, with a large bathroom. I did not add a credit card to the room at check in, and was unable to do that at any point later during my stay - the lines at the front desk were very long, and the hotel does not allow to do that over the phone. However, the TV is old beyond belief, small screen with very poor picture. There are approximately 5 channels, many of which show Vegas advertisement. The lighting in the room is too much for a romantic low-light, and not enough if one wanted to read, or work, or even comfortably try on clothes. The only mirror available is in the bathroom. Light fixtures are also old and ugly, and plug in into equally old electrical outlets, in near-desperate need of repair. The radio-alarm clock rivaled ancient specimen typically found in the middle-of-nowhere motels. Enough about the room, lets talk about the hotel itself. The lions are impressive, the lobby is huge, and the buffet looks like your typical elementary-school cafeteria. Dance club Studio 54 looks like its ambiance hasn't been updated since 54 years ago, although the DJs were doing a great job. Sparkling water could only be found at one bar, plain wanter available at others. The Italian restaurant with the desert decor (there is no desert in Italy) had some interesting items on the wine list. Getting service took forever, the food was unspectacular and not worth the prices. The casino is middle-of-the-road - some spots have more smoke than others, some dealers are nicer than others. Slot machines	
Nov 19 2009 	One of the biggest at town	Well located at one of the ends of the Strip st., the MGM Hoterl and Cassino calls your attention right from the airplane, arriving at the airport. Inside you'll need a map top locate yourself in one of the 6.000 rooms available there. Don't like gambling? Try one of the pools outside (better at summer), climatized and with private cabanas.There are three major theatres, one with Cirque Du Soleil's Ka. Want more? Go to the restaurants (many, including the grand buffet at R$ 25,00/person) or to the galleria mall with a small variety of shops. Ask for a higher floor for a nicer view from the window. There's a wedding chappel too but no free internet.	
Nov 19 2009 	Not for the faint of heart	I would not recommend the MGM Grand. The day I arrived, it took more than 8 hours to get into a room. I am not exaggerating. I got there early, yes, but they could not get me into a room. I ended up going to a show and they still weren't ready for me when I returned. The lines at check-in -- on a Sunday, were ridiculous. Anyone who has the least bit of trouble walking shouldn't even consider the MGM Grand. The pool, which is nothing great, is about two miles away from the rooms in the hotel. And it's a long walk to your room, even from the elevator. The restaurants are good, the casino is okay, and the show I saw there -- Howie Mandel -- was good. I got a cheap room rate, which is the reason I stayed there, but if I had it to do over again, I'd pay a little more or simply stay at a hotel where I can get free rooms due to casino play.	
Nov 19 2009	Amazing Hotel	We stayed here for almost a week and let me tell you one thing, this hotel is perfect, the atmosphere is amazing, don't look around, this is it, you won't regret.	
Nov 19 2009 	Awesome Stay at The MGM Grand	On our 2nd Part of our first Vegas trip we stayed at the MGM Grand where we planned to get married, We didnt actually get married at the MGM but im sure it would of been nice.When we arrived the staff we great, No lines, Great service very professional, The rooms were great, great bathroom and TV with great beds, Awesome view of the strip for just your normal run of the house room.NO TIMESHARE IDIOTS HANGING AROUND EITHER! The day we were married the staff were nothing short of awesome, When we booked our wedding dinner (Just the two of us) at the Japanese restuart, We mentioned we were just married so the staff must of said something and the head chef ended up giving us free cocktails which was great, Everyone from the staff to the patrons were awesome, The Buffet was very good indeed! We were so sad to leave, Sitting at Starbucks at 6am waiting on Shuttle seeing other ppl still gambling and having fun was great to see but sad at the same time.We loved this place so much that we are staying at the MGM Signute Suites when we come back in 2010. Just a tip Next time around we are going to take a taxi as i found the shuttle service in Las Vegas to be very poor, On the way to the Airport when we left Grayline seemed to have an issue with us when we had trouble finding our airline (It was US AIR but UNITED ended up taking us, We are so sorry we dont know every single airline in the USA..*eyerolls*) plus coming in with a shuttle was a nightmare, Too many drunk fools on the bus at 1pm.	
Nov 19 2009 	cheap with a deal as a place for a comfortable night's sleep but they clearly don't want you to spend time in the room	We stayed at the MGM grand for two nights in a celebrity Spa suite, following a half price offer on last minute. Checking in was easy until it came to finding our room - we had to ask five different staff for directions - the first four unsure of the layout and unable to help, and therefore spent the first 20 minutes wondering around a busy casino with heavy luggage. The celebrity spa suite comprised a large room, partly divided by a closet, with a desk, sofa and armchair in one half and a bed with bedside tables in the other. The closet contained a television. There was a sink and a fridge against one wall. Off of the room was a very large bathroom. The room was dark and even in the middle of the day needed all the lights on. The bed itself was clean, with good linen, and very comfortable, definitely the best part of the room. The bathroom was admittedly large with a large whirlpool mbath, but shabby with exposed pipes, and a shower which automatically flooded the floor. There was no tea or coffee in the room and a limited choice of channels, with no option for pay per view films. We understood that there was a spa, swimming pool and fitness suite but these all appeared to be at substantial additional cost and in no way clearly signposted. Our overall impression was that, unsurprisingly i suppose, they wanted to discourage you staying in your room, and that the MGM grand was wholeheartedly a casino first and hotel last (with none of the additional themes of some of the other hotels on the strip) and therefore i wouldn't recommend this hotel unless you get a really cheap deal and purely want a place to crash before heading back out.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great but	The MGM is a beautiful and very private hotel. The rooms are a good size and have all you need for a comfortable stay, they did think about what one really wants in their room. Two things as major downfalls:The maid touches your things. I'm not one to paticularily care if she moves my sweater to make the bed but I am talking about lining up our shoes, arranging our make-up and chosing what goes back in the caddy. That's not all, she even packed my bag! You know, if she really wanted to be my mother she could of asked. Lesson learned- leave no panty or false eyelash unattended or vamoos! If you stay here check all drawers before you leave.The front desk/spa staff are a little challenged or need to be paid more. I understand service workers, really. But come on now, wasn't check-in being 30 mins a long enough process? Why do you have to make check out an HOUR? (I am not exagerating) The whole check-out would have been smooth sailing but the way too relaxed wanna-be high end spa staff have math challenges. 1 Master card = 2 charges. Charges of amounts semingly plucked out of the air. Oh but not once but twice! I soon realized my credit card bill was a little fatter a week later. They did it again. We were held hostage untill the whole ordeal was ironed out.Hey, I can learn to forgive. It was a nice place to sleep! Great beds and pillows. The spa is a hidden mecca. Very clean, very private. I would just suggest you dont have a plan or show to catch after checking in/out. And do check your bills thoroughly. P.S There's a *bucks in the lobby (TWR 1)!	
Nov 15 2009 	One of the best Vegas Hotels for value for money	This was our second visit to this hotel . We were here in the summer with our kids and we chose it because of the amusements and great pool area with lazy river ride .We chose this hotel for November as the pools stay open unlike many others. We spent the week in perfect sunshine over 80 degrees. Slight criticism- the pool area was so packed we struggled to find sunloungers. The receptionist was very friendly and knowledegable about our country which helped us feel comfortable. The room rate was superb and came with additional &quot;bonuses&quot;. We visited the Studio 54 nightclub which was very lively and everyone seemed to be on the dancefloor. I clearly hadn't consumed enough alcohol as I was sensible enough to realise I was too old and cant dance to that type of music. Tabu lounge however had my music and a mixed crowd. We went over to New York new York for great entertainment at Nine Fine Irishmen and the duelling piano bar. MGM could do with some live band music at a lounge but otherwise great hotel and good rooms.	
Nov 14 2009 	Most amazing time!	I've been to Vegas before but this time was the best experience i've ever had. We arrived on Nov. 3, at 10:00am. It was only a $9 cab ride from the airport to the hotel and we had no line when we checked In. Everybody was extremely friendly and eager to help us. Rooms were clean and beds were comfy. We had everything we needed in the hotel, many restaurants to choose from, partied at the clubs at MGM. My favorite was TABU, the best place and best music. We were lucky to have rooms near the elevator since it usually is a long walk to get to the front of the hotel. I would staty here again, spa was beautiful and pool was amazing as well.	
Nov 14 2009 	Absolutely Amazing	Myself 7 3 friends spent 3 nights here . the Hotel is amazing, its so big. So clean, so many amenities. The Staff were really nice 7 so helpful . the location was perfect 7 The Monorail was great. Th Buffet was fantastic. Also loved The Lions &amp; The Rainforest Restaurant. It was excellent value for money. I will def return again.	
Nov 11 2009 	Was a terrific stay	We had a medical emergency our first night there, and they handle it impressively. Beautiful hotel and great staff!	
Nov 11 2009 	First Time in Vegas	This hotel had all the conveniences. We were able to charge every restaurant to our room, which means you don't need to pull your card out every time. We needed a late checkout and they accommodated (as best they could due to the high volumne of bookings). They were exceptionally helpful at the Bellhop counter, there was a lineup for taxi's at the time we needed to get to the airport but they have a system that they bypass this lineup and get you into a cab and on your way. This hotel is located at the southend of the strip but there is a bus stop rightout the front doors and the skytrain stops at this hotel. Mostly we just walked! Their buffet restaurant has an excellent buffet--ALL Day! Need a late night snack -- Wolf Gang Pucks is open all night, located in the lobby. Our hotel rate were a little higher but we were there on a High Season Week! We didn't get to the pool but could see it -- looked very large. you won't make a mistake staying here!	
Nov 11 2009 	Beautiful room smoky casino noisy housekeeping staff	Front staff was decent, picked a room matching my requests. Room was beautiful. Not a single complaint about the room. Nice linens, good mattress, huge bathroom. But I've never heard noisier housekeeping staff at any other hotel. Starting 9AM. Banging carts in the hallway, talking with each other full volume... I'm out late in Vegas so like to sleep in until about 10AM or so - but can't do it here.The casino is terribly smoky. One of the worst on the Strip. The pool complex however - one of the best on the Strip.Location is way south down the Strip, but better selection of inexpensive restaurants at this end of the Strip. Much fewer food options on the north end.Long line at the bell desk on check out if you are looking to check your luggage with them for a few hours. Go way before 11AM to avoid the lines. Had a rather surly bellman who muttered comments everytime someone in line ahead of me didn't tip him. A bit much.	
Nov 10 2009 	Prima was a great offer!	Well, after searching for reviews on prima at mgm i found enough reviews to make me try it. the review i read from the family that went over the canadian thanksgiving was informative, but i will try to add my own pluses and minuses.First, buy one get one at several restaurants and bars. we used these to the max. had three great meals, craftsteak, fiami, and seablue. the names pretty much describe the food types, and even with the bogo entrees, dinner was still $100 plus at each. but in my opinion worth it. if you are like me and love great dining, it is a valuable discount.the bogo at the bars was awesome, and at one bar, the centrifuge, the bartender actually applied the discount when i bought drinks for some couples after we won a big football bet.we didn't get the room upgrade, but were placed into the west wing and given the $50 credit. the west wing, while sometimes more expensive, imho isnt really an upgrade. these rooms, and section of the hotel are dated. im not sure what the standard room looks like, but it had to me at least as nice but probably nicer. the 15% discount at several shops came in handy when buying souvenirs for the kids.as mentioned on a previous review, we received 40% off ka tix, so we didnt use the upgrade. ka was wonderful, you wont be disappointed with this show. also, not related to prima they offered half off crazy horse tix if you bought ka tix. the ch show is a topless small stage, and late night show. the production was so so, but the women were beautiful. i dont mean this in a dirty stripper way, but if you arent too bashful this show is worth the $30 discounted price.the use of the gym area is a nice plus, but lets be real, only a few people actually workout while in vegas.the wet republic was closed when we went, but from what i know of it, i think that would be too old for this crowd.the entry to studio 54 or tabu would be nice, unfortunately, we were always tied up doing something else, probably drinking or gambling.a special line for buffet, checkin and taxi can be huge while in vegas. there were several times of the day where these lines were 30 min long, not with prima...the limo ride, while free, still charges $20 gratuity to your room for gratuity. this is 20 total not per trip. still a great and fun value though.i am actually a harrahs player, and usually enjoy some discounts through their program, but we were interested in a change of pace. i am very glad we chose mgm/prima.if you know that you plan to eat well and see some shows in vegas, you pretty much know that $500 will be spent. so this progam works well. however, if you are on a strict budget, or if you normally get comped anyway, dont sign up for the prima.	
Nov 10 2009 	MGM Grand an excellent choice for a Vegas get away	My Husband and I recently attended the SEMA show in Vegas and we stayed at the MGM Grand. We had a room overlooking Tropicana and it was very comfortable.The service and the restaurants were of a good standard.My complaints are that smoking is still allowed inside the casino, this made it quite unpleasant to play the slots and walk through the building and the cost to use the internet was also too high.	
Nov 9 2009 	This is a party hotel	I booked my parents into this hotel during our wedding weekend because we were staying in the MGM Signature and thought it would be good since the two hotels are connected and I liked that the monorail was connected to the MGM for my mom but the walking to get to everything is a hike and was hard for my mom. The hotel is really beautiful as most hotels on the strip but my parents complained of how noisy it was during the early morning when people were stumbling back to the rooms after partying all night and this hotel is HUGE...there are separate elevators for different sections of the hotel so you have to be very careful when getting on to make sure your going to the actual floor your room sits on.We ate at the buffet one morning and the food was pretty good ...it's just pretty expensive. The old saying of how its cheap to eat in vegas no longer is true I think because everywhere we went it was expensive to eat. We bought two kiddie ice cream cups one nite and it cost us $10 - even the food courts in these hotels is expensive.If your looking for a party hotel then I think the MGM is your place.	
Nov 8 2009 	Ordinary	We stayed two nights (mid -week) to avoid the weekend crowds. The room was a deluxe room in the Grand Tower. It was OK, but nothing to write home about. The river pool was not open, so my two young boys were disappointed. They also didn't enjoy the people who were drinkin beer and smoking in the pool that was open. The lifeguards seemed to turn a blind eye to this. Also, despite being told upon checkout that authorisation on my credi card had been released, and three subsequent phones calls to the hotel after arriving back in Australia, I had to wait 30 days for authorisation to be released. Next time, I will give them cash. Would I stay here again......no, there are better options in Vegas, but in saying that, I wouldn't stay in Vegas again either.	
Nov 7 2009 	Huge hotel - that can be good . . . and bad. Good value for Vegas.	There have been so many reviews, so not sure I can say anything groundbreaking that hasn't already been said. This is a huge hotel that can get (and got) rather crowded the weekend we were there. I highly suggest the airport check-in if an option, as the lines looked long at times in the lobby. The rooms are okay (no HD TVs), no smoke smell and decent enough size. Quiet. Plenty of restaurants and the casino . . . very mixed clientele. Obvious from our trip to Vegas that there are definitely classes of hotels, and I'd say MGM Grand is mid-upper class. Go to Excalibur (down) and Bellagio (up) to see what I mean. If you get a decent deal, you won't be disappointed with the MGM. We would stay here again, but there are so many choices in Vegas that next time we'll try somewhere different just because.	
Nov 6 2009 	Fun!	I had a fun stay at the MGM. Our room was super nice and was cleaned really well every day. The pool is nice too. Wichcraft, a sandwich place in the hotel, wasn't that good. They have good security in place too. After a certain time you have to show your room key in order to go up the elevator.	
Nov 6 2009 	Rubbish	We Preferred MGM over others as it was giving good value for money but the room was not as if you are staying in Las Vegas .. We booked it online and had a 1 year old daughter .. when we checked in it was a long Que. and we had to walk a lot to get to the room . when we entered in the room it was totally different then what was sold to us , so we called back on reception and they told us to come back and get the other room .. we did the long walk again and went to get the key .. the room that we booked online was in west wing and I guess it was a 1 mile walk away which is not suggested to anyone with kids ..Room was rubbish even though it was newly built but there were no windows it looked like a one bedroom flat without any thing to look outside .. there were no views no windows all we could see behind the beds were some things roof which was very depressing view .. the bathroom and showers door were made of glass and had no locks .. the wardrobe was small and had no safe ..we requested a microwave which was never provided to us ..we checked out after few hours and they never offered any compensation ..so I would never stay in MGM again ..If you are looking for some good place I guess Bellagio and venetian is best but if you are on Budget .. You cant beat Caesar Palace .. it s good with shopping food etc ..MgM is nothing but only casinos which are not very pleasant either ,. the restaurant where we had buffet had not much choices of food either so overall MGM was a bad experience	
Nov 6 2009 	All round good hotel	I have just returned from a trip to Las Vegas. We stayed at the MGM for 5 nights. Overall it is a good hotel. We opted for a Prima card which meant that we were upgraded to a bungalow suite. The room itself was nice and big and had two queen size beds which were fab, by far the most comfortable beds that I have slept on in a hotel. The facilities in the room were rubbish. There is no tea or coffee facilities and no fridge. We had 2 tv's but no fridge???? These are basic facilities and I can't understand why they were not in the room. We asked for some champagne glasses to be brought up and whilst the use of them was free, there was a delivery charge of around $3!!! Whilst the price is nominal, they cannot seriously charge for housekeeping to bring something to your room!!! Housekeeping were fine. They were a little late on a couple of days but not an issue as most of the time we were out of our room. The restaurants, bars etc in the hotel are fine. The prima card itself was good but there is a pressure to spend all of the resort credit. This is fine if you have regular meals etc but you are restricted to the MGM hotels (of which there is many! including the Bellagio, Mirage, Treasure Island). I would stay at the hotel again but next time I would probably like to be a bit more central, for example, Bellagio, Ceasars palace. I highly recommend seeing &quot;O&quot; at Bellagio. We booked our tickets online from the UK and we got 25%. Excellent show. In terms of clubs, the must go to clubs are: Monday -XS at the WynnTuesday - Pure at Ceasars PalaceWednesday - LAX at LuxorThursday - Tao at VenetianFriday - Tryst at WynnSaturday - any clubWe also took a helicopter flight over the canyon with sundance helicopters and that was fab. Just don't drink too much the night before!	
Nov 5 2009 	Nice room good location but tight slots	I just got back from staying at the MGM 10/29-11/1. Check-in was fast at ~1pm. They didn't have the king room I requested available at that time so I took 2 queens. Got a Grand Tower room on the 24th floor with a view of the airport &amp; mountains in the distance which was fine with me. The room was good sized, clean &amp; comfortable. My room was a comped based on my play at other MGM hotels &amp; my first stay here. I found the staff friendly, but the slots very tight &amp; the drink service not so great. They offer a fast continental Starbucks breakfast (fruit, pastry or muffin &amp; coffee) with guarantied delivery within 15 minutes up until 11am for just under $10 which beat waiting in the LONG morning Starbucks line. Other room service was fine, but expect to wait ~45 minutes which is about the same as other large Vegas hotels. The beds are very comfortable. The first night was nice &amp; quiet, but FRI &amp; SAT (Halloween weekend) was very loud. Friday night we were awaken ~ 3am with a fire alarm &amp; Saturday ~4:30 with loud partygoers which I am incline to write-off as just a rowdy Halloween crowd. This hotel seems to cater to the young rowdy crowd, but again, it could just be the Halloween weekend crowd. I have also stayed at Ballys, the Mirage, the Las Vegas Hilton, the Bellagio, the Wynn, the Stratosphere, and Circus Circus. The monorail is very convenient &amp; it was nice to stay once on the south end of the Strip. The hotel is not as nice as the Bellagio or the Wynn, but the room was more than adequate. I think this hotel is better suited for table players &amp; maybe families with children than a 40+ slot player. I would give this hotel one more try, but I didn't like it as well as Ballys, the Mirage, The Las Vegas Hilton, the Bellagio or the Wynn (all also comped rooms). If you can find a good priced deal then it is worth a try.	
Nov 5 2009 	Very Outdated	I stayed at MGM Grand for five nights as part of a business conference. I have been to Las Vegas many times and have stayed at several of the nicer hotels, and MGM Grand was my least favorite. If I were rating it solely based on the rooms, amenities, location and appearance, I would give it 2 stars. However, I am increasing it to 3 stars because the service was good.Rooms and GroundsI stayed in a room overlooking the airport, which was nice for me because I like plane spotting. Otherwise, it would have been a disturbance due to the noise from incoming helicopters and jets taking off (including fighter jets). The room itself was small compared to those at the other nicer Vegas resorts. There were no amenities in the room – no minibar, no robe, no slippers. The bathroom was dated and the bath/shower was comparable to a Motel 6. The bed was surprisingly comfortable. The lobby and grounds were outdated and in need of maintenance. The tiles in the lobby were cracked and dirty. Lobby flowers were fake (this is no Bellagio). Basically, it looks like the hotel hasn’t been renovated or refreshed in over 20 years.Hotel AmenitiesThe hotel pool was basic for a Vegas hotel. Since I was there for business, I didn’t have much pool time. The spa was quite nice as was the fitness facility (which was too small). There are only 2 or 3 stores in the complex and none offered anything interesting or of quality. I dined at both Craftsteak and Emeril’s. Craftsteak was fabulous, and I have written a separate review praising it. Emeril’s, in contrast, was standard tourist fare of an unimpressive nature. I do not gamble, so I can not comment on the merits of the casino.ServiceThe service at the hotel was good. We were greeted with a smile at reception and were assisted promptly and courteously. Room service was similarly good and the servers were friendly and helpful. In summary, there are much nicer resorts in Las Vegas in the same price range or just slightly higher. Bellagio, Mandalay Bay and Venetian are all remarkably nicer and would be preferable.	
Nov 5 2009 	Just don't get a room in the West Wing	I've stayed in the regular deluxe rooms (on a separate trip) and now in the &quot;west wing&quot; rooms. West Wing is not as good - smaller windows, difficult to open the shades, no real bathroom area - just glass doors, very little vanity space. West Wing is also a longer walk to the conference rooms, shops, restaurants, pool, and monorail.	
Nov 4 2009 	Not as good as I expected	Stayed there for 3 days over the summer. Got a really good deal via the web site on a celebratity suite. Had a nice view, did the old 20 trick and got a view of he strip. I was not impressed at all with the suite, everything is aged and needs to be updated. The main reason we stay there is the pool and location. You really cant beat the pool in the summer. In my mind the MGM Grand need to take time upgrade there rooms to keep pace with most other hotels.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great Bachelorette Party stay at MGM!	We had a great experience at MGM! We had a group of 12 girls stay here for a bacherloette party, they front desk was very accomdating and made sure we had rooms next to each other. MGM is a huge hotel with a nice little food court, some great restaurants, a fabulous pool, and even fun lions to see! MGM was in an ok location, but it did have the monorail that you could take to go down the strip! Overall our experience at MGM was great and I would stay there again!	
Nov 4 2009 	Superb .... but far too big	Myself and 6 friends stayed at MGM for 4 nights in mid-October Check-in was quick enough, not much of a queue and they had our rooms ready even though we were checking in before 12pm.We had booked a package online that gave us a standard room with some free extras - $25 credit, 2 passes for Studio 54, and discounts in shops (we used the credit to order 2 x maragritas from room service on our last night .... which by the way were absolutely lethal). Tried to get a complimentary upgrade with the &quot;$20 trick&quot; but to no avail.Room was excellent with a view of the Tropicana, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Excalibur and NY NY Hotels. Beds were very very soft and comfy and the room was a nice size. Although the tv cabinet took up a lot of room and the sooner these are replaced by flatscreen tvs the better. The bathrooms were a very good size, with the toilet in a corner area, and was prob the most impressive aspect of the room for me.The pool area is brilliant with a real selection of pools for whatever mood you in (including the lazy river), and all have good bar facilities near them!However, no matter how good i felt a lot of the hotel was, i honestly would not go out of my way to stay here again, and that reason is simpy the size of the property. On numerous occasions, we got lost in the casino trying to find the elevators to the rooms (and only half those times was when we were drinking!). And to go from the pool to your room to get something you may have forget, to then go back to the pool, will take you about 25 mins!!Probably being too picky, as it really is a great hotel, but for me, was just too big	
Nov 4 2009 	Beautiful Big Freindly	We stayed at the MGM Grand for my 40th birthday, the staff was friendly, The hotel is very Big I liked the walk way to new york new york. The breakfeast buffet was excellent, they have emerils and wolfganf pucks and the beatles lounge, I enjoyed the Beatles lounge, the rooms were very clean although your not in your room much, the only dissapointing part of it was the pool area was closed for maitenance. the location could be better, i think everyone should stay there at least once..make sure the pool is open though.	
Nov 4 2009 	Very good location	Great location on the Strip, just opposite to the New York New York hotel. Clean rooms and friendly staff. Booked the normal tower room, got a nice room from the West Wing. Lots of things to do and see, monorail station within the hotel. Nice pool area but crowded with people. Long walking distances to the rooms definitely a minus. . . Otherwise I would recommend this to anyone looking for nice, affordable accommodation :)	
Nov 4 2009 	Glad i picked MGM for 1st trip to Vegas!	We had a 12 night stay at the MGM Grand 16 - 28 Oct 09 for our wedding/honeymoon. After hours of reading trip advisor reviews decided this sounded about the best hotel for us and i have to say we were very glad we picked this hotel! Apologies in advance if this is a long review, its my 1st ever review and im hoping to give an informative review for other 1st timers, (particularly those without bottomless pockets, like us !) I have put at the bottom a few things that hopefully will be useful in regard to hints/tips in case you dont want to read my whole essay!!!!We arrived about 8.30 pm on friday night (paid approx $15 dollars including tip from the airport by taxi - long taxi lines but moved quickly). There were no lines for check-in, we had pre-paid for our holiday and had a non-smoking king room booked but being a smoker i asked if there were any smoking rooms available, they only had 1 double queen room but having seen pictures on trip advisor i was happy to accept that. The check-in was quick and staff were polite. There was no queue for the lift (seperate lifts for different sections of floor levels) and there were no, or very small queues, during our entire stay.We had room 108 on floor 29 - We had a fantastic view of the mountains - the room was very large (and did not 'smell' like a smoking room!), 2 big beds to choose from, with a bedside cabinet, wardrobe (with a light in it), TV (in a cabinet with drawer/cupboard space and a safe), 2 comfy chairs and a table and a lounge type chair and 3 lamps (no ceiling lights) and some nice pictures on the walls. Nice large bathroom with shower over bath. The rooms were clean and in good condition (a few marks on the carpet near beds and on furniture - remember this is a hotel room and not everyone treats hotel rooms as they would their own home!)Loved the location at the top of the strip, we were within reach of all the strip attractions but at the &quot;quieter&quot; end. The monorail was about a 10 minute walk within the hotel &amp; there were a choice of nearby deuce bus stops within 10 mins walk also (we mainly got on outside the Tropicana as there were hardly ever any queues as opposed the large queues outside Hardrock Cafe area). The deuce bus is better value and has more stops than the monorail)The hotel is massive, as all the vegas hotels appeared to be (if you dont like walking then i guess vegas itself will be an issue!) There are lots of things to see/do within the hotel, plenty of places to eat from casual to fine dining. We visited Craftsteak once - nice staff but fairly expensive for the quality. We went to McDonalds, Nathan's hotdogs, the pizza bar and the chinese - all cheap and good (particularly the chinese), we also used starbucks - there are 2 or 3 in the hotel. We had breakfast at the buffet several times (about $16 each) lots of choice, very good value for the amount you can eat (we were stuffed nearly all day), service was good but be there early (or late) to avoid long lines, (the same at lunch &amp; dinner) - we paid for the all day buffet on our last day, again good value but lunch and dinner were very &quot;the same&quot; with just a few extras for dinner. I wouldnt pay for the lunch or dinner as separates as i dont think either would be particularly good value that way but great as an all day combinationWe went to MGM's Crazy Horse Paris show (1/2 price ticket vouchers in variety of booklets/ticks for tonight) - it was a very good show but not a &quot;vegas showgirl&quot; type production.We only managed to get 1 afternoon by the pool - all were very nice and the lazy river was fun - no problems getting a lounger but didnt see a single drink server all afternoon. We didnt try the wet republic area.There are plenty of shopping opportunities, Starlane Mall is easy to miss tho as not well signposted (it has the cheaper more vegas-ey types shopping so guess thats why its hidden away - its on the left of the main lobby exit at the side of the car rental area).There are several bars/clubs but we only went to the bar once in the main casino - mostly the bars seemed reasonably busy (more so at weekend).We aren't gamblers but we tried the slots - won a little but were mainly on the 1 cent slots for a little entertainment! Weekends the casino itself was very busy! (again as all the big casinos seemed to be).Thats about it for the hotel itself - I'll give a quick rundown of our general vegas trip and a will do a seperate review for the Chapel of the Flowers where we were married.We had a coach trip to the Grand Canyon - were originally decided to go to the west rim as its a little nearer and opportunities to up-grade to skywalk/helicopter/boat trips. We were persuaded that the south rim would be better as its 'more senic and colourful' - we had a VERY long day (picked up at 6.20am returning approx 9.30pm), the views along the way were great and we had a couple of stops, 1 10min stop at the back of the Hoover Dam (not allowed to stop at the front of it as not on a Hoover Dam tour!) - Dam itself looked amazing but would have been nice to have had longer there to have a quick walk over it and proper view), 1 15min coffee stop each way (nothing special just a garage/store) and a 45min lunch break at Grand Canyon Railway, lunch was very rushed with at least 3 coach loads arriving for a buffet lunch which if im honest was very low budget and didnt have much choice. The Grand Canyon itself is AMAZING - we got 1 hour stops at 2 different points - there were food/drink opportunities and souvenier shopping/tourist advice places at both stops, but that is it - in hindsight i wish we had stuck to our guns and done the west rim as an upgrade to helicopter and/or boat trip would have topped the trip off! Go to the West Rim!!!!! Trips to the west rim are a little bit more expensive but i think they include a bbq lunch with the indians there, plus its 3 hours nearer (giving more time to do upgrades) and there are the upgrades available if you want.Vegas itself involves LOTS of walking (or bus riding!) - there are tons of things to see and do, the hotels are all fabulous but all are designed to get you in to spend money and there are few opportunities to sit unless at a bar or slot machine. Huge range of shopping opportunities. The Deuce bus was $3 single trip, $7 for 24 hour unlimited trips &amp; $15 for 3 day unlimited )The Bellagio fountains (free) are ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC!!! - A DEFINATE MUST SEE!!! try to see it at night!!!Bellagio Conservatory (free) - Smaller than expected but with nice displaysThe Mirage Volcano (free) - Great show, better than expected! Try to be near to feel the heat!The Sirens at TI (free - outside the front of main lobby) - Fabulous free show - about 20-30 mins - try to get in the middle walkway to the lobby itself so you get a good view of both sides - was packed every time we went past!MGM Lions (free) - just a couple of lions - mostly sleeping tho' (some cubs occasionaly in seperate section and chance to have pic with cub $25) - the tunnel to walk through is about 10 foot long! Honestly, - bit over-hyped!Flamingo Wildlife Habitat (free) - i'd heard they had penguins?!? - walked the entire place and saw flamingo, various ducks/swans, some terrapins and koi carp but NO penguins!!!Freemont Street - Downtown (free) - Very impressive light/music show at night - cheaper to eat/drink, casinos look a little more worn but generally a nice atmosphere all round - stay in the lit areas at night, the general downtown area is fairly rough and not a place to be walking around at night!!!Imperial Palace Car Collections - impressive collection of cars but make sure you use a 2 for 1 voucher not worth full price!Mandalay Bay Shark Reef (approx $20 each adult) - Massively over-hyped, just a sealife/blueplant type place with a 1 crocodile and 1 komodo dragon,1 large lizard - tho' there were 2 huge turtles in the main tank, definately didn't see the 30ft shark tho'!Stratosphere Tower (approx $15 each adult - more for rides as well) - Fantastic views all round - the rides looked terrifying!!!!Las Vegas Outlet Centre - Deuce bus goes there, worth a visit if you have time/like shopping, some good bargains to be had and plenty of food outlets.Definately check out the vouchers and coupons for attractions offers, tixs for tonight looked good value for a variety of shows/food offers (we used them once for tickets to Crazy Horse Show). Make sure you are stocked up with water - walgreens and 7-11's seem to be about the cheapest for water/coke etc - walgreens we also quite reasonable for vegas souveneirs!BEWARE the timeshare touts - they will get you in before you know where you are! You can get good (or better) deals on shows at tix for tonight and pick up the free slots vouchers they give you from the various booklets, without having to go through the whole timeshare thing!The &quot;girls for you&quot; ticketers are fairly annoying slapping their tickets and trying to hand them to anyone &amp; everyone (they seem to double in number at weekends!!!) but no problem ignoring them.We had a fantastic wedding/honeymoon/holiday and i hope my review will be of some use...HAVE FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 3 2009 	It doesn't get much better than this	stayed at the MGM October 25-27. Checked in at the registration desk at the airport at 8:30am, booked the roundtrip airport shuttle from them and was on my way. upon arrival at the hotel I went straight to my room. No need to stand in that line in the lobby. Was upgraded to a King Bungalow Suite. All I can say is ....WOW! the room was awesome. Huge bathroom, wet bar, mini-fridge, safe, king size bed on one side of the room with sitting area on the other divided by the entertainment center with swiveling tv. 2 HUGE floor to ceiling windows overlooked New York, New York and Excalibur. but the best part was the bed. the pillowtop mattress was incredible. The maid service was great, twice a day! the elevators are divided into different elevators for a range of floors. the elevator for my room, 14th floor, served floors 13-20, which was quite expedient.The pool area is quite large. would've liked to have seen the back lot river or whatever it is, but it's closed for the winter now. The available pool areas were more than adequate with bar and snack service nearby and towels provided.The food court was great and quite accessible. the monorail was awesome, even if it was a bit of a walk from the strip to most of the monorail stations.No need to stand in line to check out either. just fill out the express check-out card and leave it in the box near the elevators and you're done!Drink service was rather slow at the quarter slots, but then again, it's the quarter slots! Yes, the hotel is big. yes, there's smoking in the casino area. it's vegas, get over it!All in all, a great trip with a great hotel. i would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 3 2009 	HUGE HOTEL!	As you would expect in Vegas, the hotel was HUGE, I had a room in the West Wing which is the MGM's &quot;Boutigue&quot; Wing, my room was nice, very modern bathroom with TV in the mirror etc, however it was small and as I was in there on my own it was fine however I would not have liked to share the bathroom had no door, being all modern the toilet and shower door were frosted glass but the whole bathroom was very open, again lovely being on my own so do not book the West Wing rooms unless you are having your own room, I was also disappointed with the lack of view however with such a hugh hotel there are bound to be rooms with not such glitzy views of Vegas. The hotel itself is great, lots of fun, lots of bars and restaurants. I would recommend the MGM for a Vegas Experience, for a lively fun stay.	
Nov 2 2009 	Solid value	This was a good value. As in, there was a lot of it to experience. It wasn't fabulous, but it didn't suck either! It was the first Vegas place I paid for out of pocket as a poor college student with my poor graduate student boyfriend (November 2007), so it holds pretty fond memories for us :)For such a sprawling place, it was pretty well-run. You kind of have to get used to feeling like a little cog in a massive machine. Service was impersonal, but fairly brisk and efficient. We got the regular no frills room, and were satisfied with what we received. Around 400 sq. feet, with a king bed and a cool shaped couch. The bathroom was average. The main draw for us was the fact that this place is so big that it has EVERYTHING. It has a mega sized casino, with decent minimums for black jack on a slower night. There are also tons of restaurants. The first time we were there, we were too poor to go to anything except the McDonald's in the food court, but even their food court was fun to sit in! Open and airy, good for people watching.I knew I was coming back to visit the restaurants once I got my hands on some cash though. Couldn't walk through their eye-popping restaurant row without remembering it good. I've since stopped by to try Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grille and Fiamma. Wasn't disappointed!South end location on Strip makes MGM easy to get to from airport, but it's far from rest of strip.	
Nov 2 2009	This was an awesome Hotel!	i enjoyed my stay at the MGM Grand! It was the biggest hotel I have ever been to! The rooms were great and the staff was always friendly! 	
Nov 2 2009 	Pretty good few niggles...	I stayed in the MGM for 7 days - 23rd October until the 30th October and there was nothing 'wrong' with this hotel as such, however compared to some of the others it does look a bit faded.We (myself and a friend) stayed in the Grand Tower, Floor 8, Room 311 and it took 1 minute to get to from the lifts. I would suggest getting a room with a lower 'XX' number so you are closer to the lifts as the coridoors are quite long! Our room was exceptionally clean, the double beds were EXTREMELY comfy and the towels were lovely and fluffy.Our rooms were cleaned every day to a high standard and there are 38 or so channels to choose from. If you want to buy a movie, you have to leave a credit card behind the desk which they authorise $200 on it (I didn't do this, but a friend did). Room service was FANTASTIC - fast, and the food was brilliant. Most of the staff were polite and friendly and said 'Good Morning' if you passed them.As for the hotel itself - the low lighting is pretty nasty. A lot of the other hotels (Bellagio, Mandalay Bay etc) were a lot more airy and light so we actually spent more time in them, just wandering about. The Buffet was $16 for breakfast and we ate there twice. The service was pretty good, free top ups of orange juice or whatever you wanted and the selection of food was MASSIVE. It does get quite pricey if you eat there all the time, so we actually grabbed a muffin and a tea from Starbucks for a few mornings (Note: English Breakfast Teabags are called 'Awake' teabags in Vegas!)One of the bad points was when checking in, the bloke on reception was desperate to sell one of my friends a 'Prima' card. You pay $500 for this thing and if you spend $500 you get £50 extra on the card + 2 for 1 tickets on certain things... It wasn't a bad idea as such, as we did spend that much in the hotel - however, some of his comments 'You'd be stupid not to do it' and the 'hard sell' approach after a 10 hour flight + being up for more than 24 hours just wasn't very pleasant - I would have said no, but my friend seemed to be co-erced into it.The MGM is pretty much the first hotel from the airport, so we paid about $15 (that included the tip) to get there and it took about 10 minutes if that. Would I stay there again? Yes, as I am more than happy to use the hotel as a base and spend most of my days elsewhere. We saw 'Ka' at the MGM by Cirque Du Solei and it was really, really good. The $14.99 for the internet WAS very pricey and I found free wifi in The Venetian Casino and in the Miracle Mile so only bought the internet for 2 days - it worked fine though.We stayed there as my sister and her Husband got married at the MGM Wedding Chapel - as an aside note, the Wedding people were amazing, very helpful and the service was amazing. They had their photos (which were very good) within 24 hours and they thoroughly loved it.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great location great hotel! Will definitely stay again!!	I got an offer to stay for 3 nights free. So I took them up on it and took a girls trip to Vegas! I had never stayed here before, and will definitely go back. We stayed in a deluxe room that had a great view of NYNY, Excalibur, Tropicana, Luxor... The room was big and clean, and the beds were big and soft. The location is great too! The cab ride to/from the airport was $15 each way including tip. And, the monorail station is in the hotel. We bought 3 day passes and it was total worth it!! There are tons of great restaurants in the casino - we ate sushi at The Grand Wok one day for lunch, and did the breakfast buffed on morning at the Grand Buffet. I've been to Emeril's once before for dinner and it's great too. The casino is large and busy. It's a great place to hang out and play. The weekend nights were really busy, but it was kind of dead during the first part of the week (kind of the norm). All in all, it was a great hotel with great rooms, and I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 31 2009 	Barely adequate - very drab	For all the glitter the MGM is a very drab place under the surface. Check in was slow and ill informed. Most of the &quot;attractions&quot; were significantly overpriced. The buffet was very variable in temperature and quality - the meals were the same every day. The staff in the buffet were consistently well mannered and polite. The casino machines were not at all loose and I still have real problems with smoking being allowed albeit in the casino area only. The pool area was spoilt by incessant and unnecessary loud music particularly as most of the users were not of the MTV generation.The room was poorly equipped - not even a kettle or coffee pot or working fridge - and internet at $14.99 / day is extortionate. The range of TV programmes were poorly selected and the pay to view films expensive considering they were not particularly current .The MGM is very much away from the centre of the strip so a lot of walking or riding is required to go anywhere. The Deuce bus has gone up from $2 a day to $7in one year - but still fairly good value if not all that frequent.	
Oct 30 2009 	Loved the hotel and the spa	The rooms were great for the price, and the beds were comfy. Loved the size of the place, you could stay one week in Vegas, and wouldn't really need to leave the hotel. The food in the various restaurants were nothing less than excellent. And you just gotta try the spa!! The bartenders also made great bloody marys.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great location and great hotel for the price!	Stayed here for 5 nights in Nov 2008, very good hotel, quiet rooms and very spacious. We stayed in the Grand Towers. The only thing that I had wished was included was breakfast. Otherwise top notch hotel and would stay there again anytime. Never once say the housekeepers or any staff on the floors.	
Oct 29 2009 	Good hotel	We stayed at MGM Grand for 6 nights, 10/13 – 10/19, in a Celebrity Spa Suite. This was our fifth trip to Las Vegas, but the first time staying at MGM Grand (although we did stay at the adjoining Signature property once). We found it to be a very nice hotel, which mostly met our expectations, and occasionally exceeded them. We had a room rate of $880.00 for 6 nights, including tax, using the “Exclusive Offer” promo code listed on Fatwallet.com. We thought this was a good rate for a very large room (almost 700 square feet) with separate sitting room, wet bar, and 2-person spa tub. The offer included a few other perks, such as a 2-for-1 buffet daily. What we really liked is that it included free gym access for two daily. Working out at a Las Vegas hotel can get very expensive!We checked in at the airport. Check-in was very quick and easy. The clerk offered a choice of two rooms, 8th floor or 28th floor, warning that the latter was a long walk down the hall. We chose it for the view, also hoping that the location at the end of the hall would be quieter. Room 28-240 had a beautiful view of the southern Strip, airport, and mountains. The room was lovely—very clean and nicely decorated, with good-quality toiletries, excellent bed linens including a European duvet, and one of the most comfortable beds I’ve ever slept in. The TV was dated (not HD nor even a flat-screen), but otherwise everything looked modern and in good condition. Housekeeping service was very timely, unlike other Las Vegas hotels where we’ve returned to the room at 6 PM to find it not made up. There were only a few clothes hangers in the closet when we arrived, but a call to Housekeeping resulted in an armload of hangers being delivered in less than 10 minutes. The safe was large enough that I think it would hold a notebook computer, and there was a small, not very cold refrigerator under the wet bar. No minibar, which was fine with us. Plenty of mirrors, good lighting, lots of shelf space in the TV armoire. The sitting area had a desk with two chairs, a sofa, and a comfy easy chair.The bathroom was large and elegant. Plenty of fresh, fluffy towels were provided daily. The spa tub was so relaxing after a long day walking the Strip! Our only problems were with the shower. First of all, the shower head was about 5’4” from the floor. I had to bend my head to get under it, and my 6’3” husband practically had to crouch. The shower also drained very slowly the first day, which we reported to Maintenance. Apparently the problem wasn’t fixed then, because the next night when I drained the tub, the shower backed up and black sewer waste came up onto the bathroom floor. Maintenance responded very quickly and professionally, immediately fixing the problem and calling for prompt cleanup. But it was a drag having people in and out of the room when we wanted to relax after our soak, and it seems the problem could have been prevented if our call the previous day had been followed up. The worst problem with the shower, however, was COLD WATER. It was usually OK in the afternoon, but in the morning, we had to run the shower for 10-15 minutes before the water got warm enough to bear. Oddly, once it warmed up, it was usually fine for as long as we needed it. We reported the issue to Maintenance three times, but they were never able to fix it. The last time, they just said something about us being on a high floor. Not satisfactory.Other than the cold showers, maintenance and service at the MGM Grand was excellent. The gym was very nice: 10 treadmills, 2 regular ellipticals, 6 Precor ellipticals with ramp, 2 Stairmasters, 2 skating-type machines (great for thighs), 6 bikes, 12 weight stations, lots of free weights, benches, medicine balls, etc. It’s not a large gym for such a huge hotel, but we never had to wait for any equipment. There were 4 big overhead TVs tuned to different news and sports stations, as well as individual TVs mounted on most equipment. They received mostly the big news stations and local LV stations. I was a little disappointed not to get any cable stations like the Travel Channel or Animal Planet. Gym access was $15 M-Th, $25 Fri-Sun (weekend rate included spa access). We charged it to our room as instructed, and sure enough the charges vanished from our final bill as promised with our promo. Checkout was quick and accurate. In summary, we were satisfied with the price and more than satisfied with the room and service. The only issue was the cold morning showers. I would probably still stay at the MGM Grand for the right price, but maybe choose a different room type or location in the hope of getting hot shower water.	
Oct 29 2009 	Would Recommend	What can I say.. amazing hotel, amazing location, rooms were clean and spacious, nice view. Would definately recommend to everyone.	
Oct 29 2009 	MGM Grand - Jail	I recently traveled to Las Vegas with a group of 5 couples - 10 total. We arrived on Saturday and checkin was fairly smooth. Our group was either on the 13th or 9th floor of the West Wing. The West Wing seems to me like you're being given a second class ticket - the room was smallish and decorated in modern style but the style was not functional. When you enter the room you are automatically in the bathroom with a frosted glass sink with horrible lighting and a seperate stall for the toilet and shower with frosted glass doors on both. Not enough storage space and the tv in the mirror while a nice feature didn't work.The rest of the room consisted of a king size bed with a desk and chair and a 20 inch tv and closet. The bed was the best part of the room. The rest was forgettable. The view we had was the top of the building next to us looking north but the window was behind the bed so obviously these rooms were not meant to show off the views.As you walk toward the west wing - the lighting turns from what i would consider normal to almost dungeon and the carpet colors and wall colors change to a county jail gray. Elevators for West wing were scuffed and tired. It looked like the West wing is a place for people get put when they expect you to beat the crap out of the room and facilities and have it not be as evident. The one nice thing about the West wing is its proximity to the exit and the strip. The &quot;back door&quot; gets you out into an alley with access to the strip. We ate at the MGM Studio Cafe and the food was great, prices were strip prices and the service was average at best.We gambled in the sports book which is far too small. We watched the games either in Rainforest cafe bar or Centrafuge - which are both located close to the bar and were much more comfortable. The MGM hotel, casino, shops and pool are all huge and not intuitive and can easily cause screwups - you need to be ready to do some walking and probably back tracking until you get familiar with the layout. Cell phones with a large group are a life saver in Vegas.Cigar/Cigarette smoke in Vegas is nasty and MGM is not immune - it's enough to make me not want to sit down at a table or bar but that's Vegas. Taxi stand was good and service was above par. Dealer and agents in the casino were better than average. Pool scene was pretty good although i did not go to the wet republic or any clubs in MGM (not really my scene).Overall - if I were to go back which i'm not likely - too many hotels to try - I would definitely NOT stay in the west wing but knowing the location better now would be an advantage.	
Oct 28 2009 	Overall...worth it	Went to MGM Oct 19-26-09. Got to hotel and waited in line for roughly 20 minutes for check in. We got there at 9am so our rooms were not ready, to be expected. Told to leave bags with bell hop and come back around 12:30. Came back at 1 and all 3 of our rooms were ready. Called bell hop and bags were brought up in 5 minutes. Big nice bathroom, decent closet and average TV with very limited channels (not that we spent much time in the room anyways), about 3 hours a night to sleep and shower...seriously. Beds were the most comfortable i've ever layed on in my life. I read a lot of reviews from people saying they were good but you have no idea until you actually lay down. Location...a fair walk to most of the action and the middle of the strip. Only big hotels south of MGM are the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. This hotel is huge!! lots of walking through out it so be prepared for that. Waitress service at table games is pretty good, better than most casinos and dealers were very nice. $25 buffet was a little high, we went for brunch and i would suggest heading down the strip for something a little more worth it. We never went to the pool but i heard from friends that went during our stay that it was very nice. Overall we paid a decent price for a good hotel and i am not disappointed.	
Oct 28 2009 	mgm very grand	loved it,fab hotel.u2 and tom jones were playing around this time.great restaurants and bars,great value	
Oct 27 2009 	Amazing place recommend to all!!!!	Mgm Grand was what I thought as the best on Las vegas strip, we stayed in a celebrity spa suite and it was amazing. Mgm grand is huge, the casino was great, restaurants great, clubs great, activities great, excellent shopping. Also in a great position. I did not even get to the magical pools that the mgm have as we had so much other things to do. We spent a week there and I will definately go back and stay at the mgm again soon. Don't look elsewhere, this is the place to stay!!!!	
Oct 27 2009 	Madeline James	What can you say about this place. Room service is terrible, the rooms are getting old and tired, house cleaning is bad and the spa is full of itself. So why do I keep going back time and time again. Two words, Madeline James, best player's host on the strip. There comes a time in your life when you meet that person that makes you feel special, in my case it's Madeline. She is the best in the business. Now back to the hotel review; we ordered water bottles to be brought to our room..it took room service 2 1/2 hours to deliver them(fast service, hey right). The hotel claims to have renovated some of the rooms, so they added a flat screen TV and Ipod player to the rooms. Big deal, carpets still look old and the fridge was missing the straight bar in the door that holds the bottles in place. As far as room service is concerned, they kept forgetting to change our dirty glasses in the room and we were there for 6 six days and nights, had to call them every day and tell them. Spa services, asked for a particular manicurist who always does my nails, she opted to take a better paying appointment booked for the same time slot. So much for special requests and great client experience. Had my hair done at the Salon, Cristophe of Beverly Hills. This place is highly recommended..Ask for Jean Marc Levy, he's the best and believe me I have gone through 4 of them in the last 8 years I've going there.	
Oct 27 2009 	Horrible management and even worse customer service	1. Took us 45 minutes to check in.2. We paid for our room in advance and they told us they didn't have a room available for us when we go there.3. Finally found a room for us and then made us change to a different room the next day. We spent more than half the next day figuring out which room we were going to move to (instead of spending time and money at the pool/restaurant). One manager said one thing, the other manager said something different. We waited hours for them to get everything sorted out.4. They compensated us financially for our &quot;troubles&quot; but when we went to use this compensation of sorts - this credit - we were told it didn't apply to almost every place at the hotel ... even though the manager assured it did indeed - we could use the credit everywhere at the hotel.5. When we went to check out, they tried to tell us the credit we were issued due to all the hassles/problems wasn't valid and tried to charge us for everything. We spent another 2 to 3 hours figuring this out.All around it was the most horrible customer service and management hotel experience I've ever had and we travel all over - taking vacations at least 3 times a year.Do NOT stay at this hotel!!!	
Oct 27 2009 	Another stay	I really like the MGM but again as stated in my last stay it feels ghetto at night. The pool scene is still among the best !! You can been seen or hide away in the adult only and or quiet areas. Many pools to choose and lazy river is awsome. The pool party rocks up there with the one or two hip places but dont let that scare you either.. You can hide away as well from everyone if you like.. Its a HUGE pool complex with something for everyone ! Im not happy with the scary night life in this hotel still. I have stayed here several times because of the free offers from using the MGM card while gaming. I just stay away from the main casino table area after 7 pm. Honestly if you have never been to Vegas before and your under 59 you will love it... Its an impressive place and large enough to avoid idiotsI first stayed at MGM the first week it opened back in the mid 90s. At the time the rooms were considered to be way above average , but they are now just basic average rooms by vegas standards . They are comfy but need updated TVs and a face lift. As for the entire complex, awsome dining options and all the great things you would expect from a mega resort is provided. Great place for any type crowd but might you want to avoid the table areas at night if you are lower key. The place is huge so you can find quiet areas without a problem. There is only one video poker bar which at night is full of non players people watching.. Good luck getting a drink quickly when your packing $20 in the game at this bar when busy.. It is the only video poker bar in the place unless you go to the centerfuge bar which is like a night club. Not sure if it has poker there anymore as i didnt go in this bar this trip. Plenty of video poker in the casino if you dont like to play at the bar itselfIll stay again for the pools but I honestly like to gamble elsewhere .. I have continued to spend enough here to obtain free nights. i like to come back for two or three nights each trip for the pools before staying at another MGM Mirage Resort ( Belligio , Mirage, Monte Carlo ) the rest of the trip focused on playing games.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent value stay in Vegas	A great hotel, fantastic room and an amazin' pool area, the MGM Grand is an incredible option for staying in Vegas. We booked via an offer thru' Travel Zoo - just over $200 for 5 nights in the Tower, late Sept/early Oct. Seemed too good to be true but it lived-up to our expectations, with 2 for 1 buffet access (real good value/choice) and free entry to the Wet Republic exclusive pool area included. Yes, it is a very large hotel, and it is easy to get lost (we did every time we exited the lift!) but it's no hardship. And yes, it is a long way to walk to mid-Strip but, given the road-works currently taking place on the Strip, it's far quicker to walk and it's a much healthier option too. The room was very spacious, with a great view of New York, New York from our room on the 21st floor. The bathroom too was airy and cleaned each day impeccably. One day we forgot to remove the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign from our door; when we came back and realised that we'd missed the cleaner, we rang them and someone was sent without delay. Similarly, when we reported a problem with our TV, this was also attended to promptly and courteously. For us, the pool area was awesome as we spent much of the day here, though one criticism would be that at 5pm promptly, they begin to close-down/eject everyone. We didn't find pool-side drinks to be too expensive, as someone else had commented; $15 for an ice bucket containing 5xBud Lime was well worth it, as were the cocktails at $9 for a refill of the Stratosphere-shaped bottles (equivalent of 3 cocktail measures). Queues for the evening buffet were long and slow-moving, however, they were certainly worth the wait given the sheer range and choice on offer, particularly the desserts!! Seeing &quot;KA&quot; on our last night (also discounted) was sheer joy and a great way to end a memorable stay here. All in all, I'll definitely be re-visiting the MGM Grand next time, and would certainly recommend to anyone else visiting this amazing city.	
Oct 26 2009 	Can't really fault hotel gambling a bit expensive though	Huge hotel.Room (Bungalow suite) was immaculate.Checked in at McCarron Airport which was seamless and simple.Felt a bit anonymous, but I suppose that is typical of all huge Vegas resort hotels. Pool area very good.Only down side for me was table minimums were too high, too early in the day, however this did work in my favour on the last day of my stay.Buffet for lunch was decidedly ordinary at best, although Stage Deli in the morning was pretty cost effective.Lion cubs were quite awesome.I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Position and everything was fine.	
Oct 26 2009 	Glad I stayed at The MGM Grand	I am glad we booked our stay at the MGM Grand. The hotel was very nice. Maybe needed a couple of updates. Our beds were so comfortable. We had a great view of the strip. The room was clean and very welcoming. The only down fall was the hotel is not in center strip but the monorail was a life save. Alot has changed on the strip since my last visit about 5 years ago so much has been added. The City Center is going to be amazing when it is completed. If you love to shop, there is plenty of that all around you. Had the best food at the Grand Lux Cafe at the Palazzo. My son had as he described one of the best hamburges he has EVER had. The chicken breast sandwich was to die for and even the BLT my friend had was amazing.The trip was the best cant wait to go back with my husband.	
Oct 25 2009 	Loved it!	Just got home a few hours ago! I booked a west wing room about 2 months prior to our visit. The west wing is more modernized, but it was fairly dark-the room &amp; the hallways. Our room, 13539 was next to a closet, and after the first night we asked to change rooms due to the door constantly being slammed. We were upgraded to a deluxe room on the same floor (not in the west wing) at no extra charge. We liked this room much better-closer to the casino &amp; lobby and better lit. The bathroom was regular-no separate (toilet/shower area, but it was very spacious &amp; the shower pressure was great. Room service was good &amp; the Diego restaurant was delicious. We didn't get to try the other restaurants, they all looked amazing though. The Spa was fantastic-Denise gave a great massage, well worth the money! Didn't pay to use the fitness center, but did get to look around &amp; it was very nice as well. Good location, about an $8/9 ride to the airport , $7 to the In N Out Burger, $25 to Fremont St. Tips: We didn't use the Monorail but did take the Deuce double decker bus down the Strip-$3 one way or $7 all day. It has several stops &amp; is cheaper than the Monorail. I highly recommend KA! Fantastic show &amp; not a bad seat in the theater! I bought my tickets in advance but noticed the half price ticket booths had tickets to all the Cirque shows EXCEPT for O. There are several half price ticket booths on the strip with plenty to chose from. I also recommend the crepes from Le Creperie in Paris &amp; the gelato in the Venetian. Great trip! Cant wait to go back to the MGM Grand!	
Oct 25 2009 	Nice HUGE resort with lots of amenities	We liked the MGM and the base rate was cheap. However, everything cost extra from no coffee pot in the4 room, to extra for more than 3 people, to using hte fitness center. However, it is a very nice hotel and does have just about everything imaginable availbale for a fee. My teenage kids were very impressed.	
Oct 24 2009 	Good location decent price	I stayed at the MGM Grand with a friend for a long weekend getaway. Overall, I'd say it was a good stay. Good location, rooms were nice, good pool area. Tram station in the hotel for the north strip. Lots of quality restaurants in the hotel and a cheap food court. Loved the lion exhibit. We had the bad fortune of having some lowlife people with loud out of control kids across the hall from us...since I'd read on here that security sometimes isn't too helpful, I dealt with them myself. It got loud and some other guest(s) must have called security. When security arrived, they were very professional. It was agreed that the best solution was for somebody to move...I agreed to move rooms and security was very grateful and handled all the arrangements. Our new room was 6 floors higher with a strip view. (Bear in mind the higher the room number on each floor, the farther from the elevator and the better the view.) We also got comped for 2 on the buffet. Definitely avoid the west wing...I read the reviews on here and check it out from the hall...THE PITS.	
Oct 24 2009 	Daughter's 21st	We took our daughter and her boyfriend to Vegas for 10 days to celebrate her 21st and we stayed here at the MGM Grand and booked 2 bungalow suites. It is definitely grand in size. Do not book a West Wing Room. It is not worth the extra money where as the bungalow has everything. We have stayed at Treasure Island, Flamingo and The Sahara in the past and because we like to say in in the centre of the trip I would probably not stay here again as it is at the end of the strip but apart from location it is a great hotel.	
Oct 23 2009 	Better Than I Eexpected After Reading Reviews	I had room 17-205 which is a &quot;Bungalow Suite&quot;. It faced the North Strip. The view was excellent and since it faced North you did not get the early morning or late afternoon sun.One of the best hotel beds I have ever slept in. Quiet also.The rate was excellent and it included breakfast, lunch and dinner in the Grand Buffet for 2 daily. We got kinda tired of the buffet as it was the same every day. The dessert bar was the real downside. There are pleanty of restaurants to choose from along with a food court and 24 hour Starbucks.We saw the Crazy Girls show. It was better than I expected and ask for the discount if you are staying at the hotel. Not for kids but Im sure I would have enjoyed it as a teenager.If you plan on taking a taxi ($12.00 for up to 4 people), have the bell desk check your luggage or get the bell service to get it from your room.. YOU BYPASS THE TAXI LINE which can be very long especially in the morning!! The casino was one of the smokiest I have ever been in. Terrible. Lots of smokers. They must have skimped on the ventilation system.The machines dont pay like they used to.Have fun and Viva Las Vegas.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great Stay- Huge hotel	Stayed October 16th weekend for four nights. The airport check-in was terrific with it's own bell service that can have your bags delivered to your room (service has limited hours). We were originally booked in the West Wing but after reading reviews I had asked for the Grand Tower. Glad I did because when I took my group of six throught the west wing they all said it was way too contempory for them. Room was nice size and clean. Bed was very comfortable. Lower level floors lack any real view as this hotel's four level ground floor is simply massive. Took us a good day to get our bearings in this hotels and upon leaving we realized we missed still some areas. All types of places to eat in the hotel from McD's to buffet to fine dinning. Pool and especially the lazy river was superb. If there wasn't so much to get out and do in vegas you could easily just relax in this hotel for a good week and not be bored.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great hotel very lively great service	Stayed at MGM for 5 nights was a great hotel, very good service and the overall vibe of the hotel casino was good. The rooms were clean and I don't see anything I could complain about, except it would have been better if the location was closer to the middle, but either way it really doesn't matter where you stay on the strip as long as its 4 star and above I think.	
Oct 22 2009 	Pool a mall length away	Just got back, this is a huge hotel, the walk from one end of the casino to the other is about 4 city blocks. The pool is 1/4 a way thru the casino, then past an entire mall of stores and restaurants...there is no changing area. They suggested 5pm for a check in for my room, until I raised a stink, and I was put into something immediately. The restaurants Wolfgang Puck and Diego are divine. Wolfgang Pucks' served us a gormet meal at 3:30 am, amazing. All in all its a party hotel, young crowd, fun, but the immensity of it would lean me toward a smaller place next time in Vegas. Food amazing.	
Oct 22 2009 	No complaints about MGM	My husband, sister in law and her husband stayed at the MGM for 5 nights over the Canadian Thanksgiving weekend and couldn't have asked for anything more!We booked a King Bungalow suite and it was more than spacious enough for 2 people. Sure it was a little dated but really, how much time do you spend in your room? The beds are the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept in. Our room was cleaned everyday by the time we got back to change for dinner.Check in for us was very quick, we arrived at 9 pm so there was next to no line. We were also PRIMA card holders, so didn't have to wait in line at all.PRIMA, in my opinion, is a definite plus. Basically you put down $500 on your room, and you get a bunch of &quot;perks&quot; that can really come in handy. You get the faster check-in, you can by-pass the line for taxi's, discounts at the shops, a free limo to and from another MGM property, discounts at the spa, on the guest list for the in-house clubs and the list goes on! We knew we would spend at least $500 within the MGM properties so we went for it and again, it was worth it for us. It also gives you free entry into Wet Republic, which is normally $21 per person. You can use your PRIMA card to charge at all MGM properties so its not limited to just the MGM.We booked tickets for KA with the hotel. By being a guest of the hotel, you receive a 40% discount on the ticket price, which is a nice bonus. We went to the early show and I can not say enough good things about it.We checked out Wet Republic one day...stayed and had a few drinks and then continued on. The drinks are very expensive ($10 each), but its Vegas, you suck it up and pay the price! Had we not had the free entry with our PRIMA cards chances are we wouldn't have gone in. We also enjoyed the other pools within the complex and they are mighty fine! There were lots of chairs to choose from at different times of the day.We did the CSI experience, and it really wasn't what I was expecting. Its $30 each to play and to be honest is just way to easy.We ate at the buffet for breakfast every day and never had any complaints. Again, with the PRIMA card, you go to the front of the line as you are an &quot;invited hotel guest&quot;. People in the other lines tend to stare you down when they have been waiting for a while to get their table and we were escorted to our table with hardly a wait. You can charge pretty much everything to your room, which makes up for the $500 pretty quickly.Register for a players card when you first get there...you can earn valuable &quot;points&quot; for your play. A few hours before you are checking out be sure to go and visit the casino host in the casino, as you will likely qualify for some food and beverage credits that they will take off your bill!We used our limo to take us to Bellagio and ate at Sensi one evening...it was great. There are 4 different cuisines to choose from, so there was something for everybody. The atmosphere was very nice as well. It was $350 for 4 of us, including drinks and tip, which we were able to charge to our PRIMA card.The hotel is big, however its not that bad. It will take you a day to get familiar with the layout but then you are off to the races. The walk down the strip wasn't bad either,,,its not like you should be in a rush, you're on vacation! We walked the strip daily. My sister in law has MS, and she was fine as long as we were taking our time.We didn't find the elevators to be to long of a wait whenever we needed them. Our room was not far from the elevators either, which was nice, as the halls are long. Not once were we woke from excessive noise in the halls or neighbouring rooms.We rented a car for a day and visited the Hoover Dam...words can't describe it. It is absolutely huge! We did a tour of it and then toured the strip as well, on our terms, and went to the Premium Outlets to do a little shopping. There were some great deals to be had there and great brand names if thats your thing.No Vegas trip is complete without a trip to Freemont Street. This is &quot;old&quot; Vegas and a whole lot of fun. We did this on our last night and had a blast. There is a laser light show at the top of each hour, street performers and vendors.Overall our experience was great at the MGM, we would definately go back here. We do like to stay at different places each visit which would be the only reason for choosing another hotel. Go, have fun, and remember, you're on vacation, don't sweat the small stuff!	
Oct 22 2009 	loved it great room	we travelled to vegas for the first time on the 27/09 to 02/10 for my wifes birthday we arrive at the lobby of the hotel stood there for a while with our mouths wide open lol then proceeded to check in, it was a little slow but not painfully so, we had booked a king size bungalow suite, i asked the lady at the desk if it was possible to get a strip view but none were available we were issued with our cards fairly quickly and off we went to find a room. we were pleasantly surprises our room was close to the elevetors on the 16th floor as the corridors are endless we entered our room and were overwhelmed it was lovely giant bed big lovely bathroom and large sized room with views of new york new york, monte carlo and inbetween the mountains, everything was spotlessly clean including a fridge, we loved everything about the mgm although a little far south never got time to go the pools and the csi experience was a bit of a let down and didnt care for the buffet but all in all fantastic first stay in vegas	
Oct 21 2009 	Awesome	Very nice, clean, numerous things to do. A ton of restaurants. I would definitely go back.	
Oct 20 2009 	Customer Service is not their Specialty	I recently visited Las Vegas, Nevada in the United States. My fiancée and I chose to stay at the MGM Grand due to a special offer that made a Celebrity Spa Suite available to us.For the details, continue reading below, but in a nutshell…..Staying at the MGM is great if you do not ask for Customer Service. The beds are great, the casino is okay, and the hotel is respectably clean. However, if you need a bit of friendly service from the individuals that make up their staff then you might face a bit of trouble with their less-than-stellar &quot;customer service&quot;. Their blasé attitude gave me the impression that money talks, and it happens to be the only language they speak.The check-in to the room was quick and easy from the McCarran airport check-in desk. The room assignment was adequate for our purpose, however the view left much to be desired - overlooking the rooftop of the ground floor level. Hello HVAC units! To their credit, we were invited by the Front Desk to try in the morning for a better view, but I wasn’t about to spend time playing musical chairs when I was on vacation.The room was ample, about 40% larger than their baseline rooms. The furniture showed signs of wear, specifically the coffee table had a few scuff marks, the couch showed some wear, but all of it was in usable condition. Imagine a relative’s house – the furniture is not brand new, but it’s pretty comfy to sit on.The bed was a king-sized bed with a pillow-top mattress, 4 large king pillows, and a body pillow with the MGM logo. I daresay that the bed was the best part of the room. The 27” CRT television was nestled in a wardrobe that served as a divider between the bed and the sitting area.The casino is large but the impression is that it was not designed so well. The poker pit is overcrowded and small, even on a weekday; the table games are not very plentiful, and waitresses could use a day off. The addition of massage girls in the casino did not add to the impression of comfort, but actually caused me to think “seedy.”The personality of any particular dealer is a crapshoot, but I found that they are generally friendly since they don’t actually represent the casino but more themselves since they work for tips.The shopping area of the hotel is very pleasant. In this area you can find restaurants, shopping and some entertainment, as well as the Monorail that travels between hotels in Las Vegas. The ceilings are high, the area is clean, and it all leads to MGM’s pool area, which, unfortunately we did not get to visit. Though we understand Mandalay Bay’s pool area is the best on the Strip, by far.We dined at Shibuya, and took in a Cirque du Soleil show, Ka.We also left an item behind and that experience was just awful. After calling and telling them exactly where the item was left, their security calls back to report that the item was not recovered. So, I can only conclude that the people employed at the MGM Grand are not only not interested in taking care of you during your stay, but some of them are willing to steal from you when they can.Overall, this hotel struck me as just that. A hotel. It's just a place to stay.Nothing spectacular, and certainly nothing better than any of the other hotels on the Strip. The indifference that I experienced only makes me wonder what sort of business ethic the MGM Grand employs. Since they are so large, perhaps they trivialize the people who stay there, and like an assembly line, everyone gets the same old standard service. It’s too bad their standard service is sub-par.All the beds on the Strip are nice. Thank you MGM, for encouraging me to try out other hotels on my next trip to Las Vegas.	
Oct 20 2009 	Best Value on the Strip! Size is exagerated...	I stayed here last week with my girlfriend on our first trip to Las Vegas... I'll start by saying that many people exagerate the size of this place. Yes it's big for a hotel, but not big for a place in Las Vegas. I've worked in larger offices. You'll only find it big here if you're the type that drives one block to the corner store.Location... It's at the South end of the strip, but a 15 minute walk to Paris and Belllagio, which it makes it great IMO. Our travelling friends stayed at the Encore hotel, and we much preferred the MGM location. The South end of the strip feels much cleanerm safer and livelier than the North-end. Enjoy exploring MGM, Tropicana, NYNY, Exalibur and take the free monorail to Luxor and Mandalay Bay (tip: try Burger bar for great burgers and Beligian bews!). The monorail stop is a short walk from the Grand Tower rooms, and very handy for returning after a night elsewhere on the strip.Checkin/out: Slow...no other word for it. Checkin at the airport if you can, and request a room in the grand tower (don't let them give you west wing), near the elevator. If it's your first time in Vegas, try asking for a strip view room too - we got one. Be patient... I'm not sure why they're so slow. Use the Express Checkout if you can.The Room: We asked for a room with a King bed, but accepted one with two Queens..we're not big people. Room was neatly decorated, very spacious with a great view of City Center, Bellagio, PH and Monte Carlo. The beds were super-soft - some of the most comfy hotel beds I've ever slept on...lots of fluffy pillows too. Bathroom was equally modern and very spacious with a decent shower and bath. Everything seemed very clean, though I did notice more dirt under the beds when I was looking around before we left - normal I guess. Lots of towels and very nice shampoo/conditioner. Nothing terribly special - but a good quality hotel room. Inside our room was always very quiet - we never heard a peep from outside or a neighbouring room.The Pool - The first thing I did was hit the pool. It's a 5-10 minute walk from your room (don't believe any of the 20 minute stories you've heard), and a huge area. Most people just seem to sit around and look good - except on the backlot river, which is a lot of fun, but certianly not the only good pool. Lots of 20-30 somethings playing around the river drunk (we fit right in), and people of all ages sunbathing around the other pools.The Restaurants - we ate at L'Atelier Joel Robouchon, for their $39 L'Unique meal - great value for fine dining and enough to fill us up. They also have some of the best bread I've ever had, and the only good bread I had in Vegas. There are too many other great restaurants to discuss - pick a good one and try it.The Atmosphere - MGM has a young, hip atmosphere. You'll see lots of very well dressed 20-30 somethings ready to head for a night on the town. At the same time, you'll see people from every generation enjoying one of the best value resorts in Vegas. It's a great mix.As an aside, we visited two of our friends who were staying in a mini-suite at the Encore (a 5 star hotel), and I would have taken the MGM over the Encore for the same price. The suite was nothing special, and the MGM's location and nearby restaurants attractions beat the Encore's big time.	
Oct 20 2009 	MGM is Grand so much to do and see!	My husband and I just returned from a 5 night stay at the MGM. Last time we stayed at the Excalibur, which was terrible. The MGM has so much to offer. Our room was in the Grand Tower, which had originally booked. But be careful when you check in, they will try and move you over to the West Wing. Stand firm on your Grand Tower reservation. The room was very big, bed was so comfortable, big bathroom and lovely view. We rented a mini fridge for $35.00 for the whole stay (well worth it), and I brought a little coffee maker (which I paid $20.00 for), therefore we had coffee and drinks available in our room. The walk down to get coffee from Starbucks, etc. is a bit a a ways. The pools are excellent, Wolfgang Puck restaurant is top notch. Another restaurant to try when you are in Vegas is the Mesa Grill at Ceasars Palace. The MGM casinos are very clean and they shampoo the carpets every night. Air is fresh and drink offerings are plentiful.	
Oct 19 2009	What I think of Vegas	I just got home from a 4 night trip to Vegas. (Oct. 19 2009) We stayed at the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino. When we first got there it was so exciting checking into our hotel. Everything was extravegant, until we got to our room. First off, we got the wrong room (we requested a king bed and got 2 queen's). We couldn't change until the next day. The room wasn't as great as I had expected. It appeared to be an outdated luxurious room. Don't get me wrong it wasn't like a ghetto motel, we still had a pilowtop mattress with a comfy duvet. However it was older looking. It was also a smoking room which tend to age quicker than non-smoking. We then requested to change to an upgraded room. We were able to view a king bed room in the west wing (the new side). This was very nice however the bathroom was open concept and smaller. So we went back to the grand tower with a king. Later that day we had no hot water and conceirge didn't seem to help much rather than send in a request for maintenece which had no time line. Luckily it went back on shortly after. Overall MGM was great. It had an awesome pool area. Lots of partiers. Not the place if you are looking for a luxurious posh setting.Bellagio was beautiful. The fountains were really cool. Def posh!! Ceasars was amazing and seemed more civilized. Mirage was really cool. Volcano outside is amazing. MGM is a far walk to Bellagio/Ceasars/Forum Shops etc. It took 30-45mins from our room to Bellagio. Minimal croos-walks was annoying. The one thing that drove me nuts were all the Latinos standing on the street handing out flyers to adult entertainment industry business' a.k.a porn/strip clubs/hookers/night clubs. They don't just hand them out they smack the cards on there hands making a horrible clapping noise followed by shoving the cards in your face. I was with my boyfriend and they didn't care. They try to dump them on anyone...singles, couples, families..I was really getting irritaded with that. The strip is covered in these cards which made the city seem dirtier.Overall it was definately an exciting place to be. If I go again I still would go to MGM especially for the pool and Wet Republic. Otherwise I'd go to Ceasar's Palace or Mirage. Venetian I didn't go into, but looked really cool from the outside. Definitely want to go back again!!	
Oct 19 2009 	Great hotel BUT check your hotel billing as often as possible	I will echo most of the other rave reviews and simply say that for the $63(plus tax) a night I paid for a regular room on the 21st floor, everything was very nice. The room, check in and check out, the buffet - all were above average. BUT I did want to alert those of you that charge things to your room to be very careful. Based on an experience I had, I am warning you check your hotel charges in detail before you leave. Here is my story: We ate at the Rainforest Cafe on October 15th and checked out on the 16th. Only because my family was slow in coming down to the lobby, I sat and reviewed my bill. I noticed the Rainforest Cafe(restaurant at the South end of the hotel) charged me twice for the same amount on the same day. Two charges of $94 with the same &quot;charge code&quot; (the number that appeared on my hotel bill). I won't bore you with all the details but the restaurant admitted the error and corrected the charges. Although I was only briefly inconvenienced(the walk from the lobby to the restaurant and back to the lobby is a killer) and the bill was fixed, I am still not convinced it was just an &quot;innocent mistake.&quot; Then again, charging you twice for the same meal probably wouldn't be the smartest way to rip someone off in a city that prides itself in ripping people off. So guess I'll go with the one time error explanation. So in summary, the hotel is great but be sure to keep an eye on what you charge to your room. I suggest you get a billing summary at the end of each night you stay, especially because I had to fight the check out lines twice-once to get the erroneous bill and again to get a hard-copy of the corrected bill since the restaurant does not give you one.	
Oct 19 2009 	Fun Hotel - A lot of action here	Beds were very comfortable.Staff were very friendly.The bathroom was huge.The shower and bathtub could use a major upgrade. The showerhead is worse than a Motel 6. The plug to use if you want to take a bath was stuck so when I took a shower the water did not drain all the way. The towels were not as nice as when we stayed at the Palms.The food court only had pizza, chinese, hot dogs-Nathans, McD's, and something else...but if you travel just half a block on the strip there is a place that has a lot more to offer for less. - Mexican, Starbucks, Subway, Wendys, etc.They were nice about wanting us to go to their clubs Studio 54 and Tabu but we never made it. We noticed they didn't have even half a line of people wanting to go to those clubs. I went to 54 in '03 and loved it though. We just didn't go this time b/c we were going to Tao at Venetian.	
Oct 18 2009 	Las Vegas Trip	This hotel is one of the best on the strip. Very clean and very friendly staff.Good base for exploring.	
Oct 18 2009 	Great Hotel and Location	Have been to Vegas previously having got married here in 2001, thought we'd revisit for my 30th birthday. Arrived 25th Aug 07, checked into the hotel at McCarren airport - ideal, as Beyonce was playing at the hotel that night and the lobby was a little overwhelmed. We'd visited this hotel before so we knew the classic theme with the Lions etc and were not dissappointed with our room and amentities. We stayed in a tower room overlooking Tropicana Ave and hotel and Hooters. We also had great views of the remaining south strip i.e. Luxor, Excaliber, Mandalay Bay and McCarren airport. This hotel like the rest of them in Vegas was huge, the fact that it had a monorail to reach the north strip was an added bonus. The room was pleasant one king bed very comfy, TV, Safe and Chaise Lounge. Bathroom was very roomy, the whole room was everything we needed after a long hard day doing nothing except sunbathing and shopping. Pool was fantastic or should i say pools, we were spoilt for choice with pools and hot tubs, oh and the lazy river was great fun. Used the pool bar and restaurant which was ideal. Plenty of choice of loungers and cabanas. We will come back with our daughter next trip (2010) as there was plenty to keep her entertained within the pool area. It was great to have up to date music round the pool to listen to, as most of our stays are based in Walt Disney World. There were plenty of shops and restaurants within the hotel it has its own shopping mall, very nice layout. Having x3 Starbucks was useful. We tried the MGM Grand Buffett for breakfast and dinner and were not dissappointed, Rainforest Cafe not so good due to the service, however Wolfgang Puck - exceptional. We tried KA - Cirque De Soliel show - excellent - dont think i have ever had a bad experience with Cirque De Soliel though. Overall this hotel was perfect, we managed to get a great deal online with their own website with a few freebies thrown in, will be back here next year.	
Oct 18 2009 	bad place for a vacation	8 male friends met to celebrate a friends 50th. We stayed a the MGM Grand and it is only a great place if you gamble or want to spend lavish amounts of money. they charge for all amenities including wifi, health club, etc that other resorts include. And everything you buy is 20-40% higher than comparable resorts areas I've stayed at. ($4. for a $2 starbuck's coffee). The hotels here are huge and so everything is a hike and inconvenient for a group to meet or run back to room for something. the casino pipes in obnoxious music at all hours of the day so if you're not in your room there is no refuge to read or enjoy a quiet conversation. The streets are filled with card flickers offering sex, drinking or who knows what. It isn't a comfortable environment if you want to feel relaxed and safe. The crowds are massive, the stores are tawdry, the prices are inflated and generally I don't see the attraction of Las Vegas. We all agreed we would never come back. If you like neon lights, smoking, drinking to excess, gambling, access to hookers, spending more money than you have too, this is the place for you.	
Oct 17 2009 	central and massive!	This hotel is HUGE! Nice enough, staff were helpful everything you need is there including lots of resturaunts, 2 starbucks, casino and a lions cage. Its a good hotel to go exploring, though wear flat shoes as its quite a distance to some of the other hotels.	
Oct 16 2009 	Another great stay at the MGM!	Booked a 3 day trip with my playersclub.com rate of $49 a night. Love the fast check in at the airport, there was no line at all. Tried the $20 trick to see if we could be a &quot;complimentary upgrade&quot;, but no luck there.. the employee did return my $20 though.Our standard room was fine. Decor is nice and neutral, we liked the black and white prints framed on the walls. The room is a little dated, relatively small tv and bathroom needs updating. But everything was very clean and the bed was very comfy.Dined at Wolfgang Puck, Emeril's, and Diego while we were there. Food, value, and service were outstanding at all three. We didn't have a bill over $50 for the two of us at any of these restaurants.We spent quite a bit of time playing blackjack, craps, and poker in the casino. All the dealers were very friendly and there was a nice positive energy. Enjoyed watching the lion exhibit while playing poker. Drink service from the cocktail waitresses could have been faster, but all our orders were correct, and the servers were friendly.We had seen KA during our previous stay and really enjoyed it. We did visit the CSI experience and found it to be a waste of money. Good concept, but poor execution, way too elementary for adultsWife enjoyed a day at the spa, but commented that for the price she paid there are better values at other spas she have been to on the strip (Bellagio, Monte Carlo, etc.)Enjoyed having easy access to the monorail so we could visit the Forum at Ceasars, the fashion show mall, and some other sites on the other end of the strip.Concierge was very friendly and helpful by printing our boarding passes, check out line was a little long, but the staff was quick and friendly.We visit Las Vegas a few times a year and like to stay at other places too, but we know that we can always rely on MGM for an excellent experience at a great price.	
Oct 16 2009 	MGM Not so Grand	Thanksgiving in Canada seemed like the perfect chance for a quick getaway to Vegas so booked the MGM based on other reviews and references from friends. So i guess it must have been me? FIrstly had paid for a Deluxe room with a king bed was asked at reception if a smaller room or one with 2 doubles would be sufficient!! by a very snotty receptionist and so it began we checked the room not wanting to make a fuss but found it to be tiny and dirty with hairs all over what was the smallest king bed i have ever seen and a lovely view of the carpark. Managed to get the room changed second time round so ok i'd let that go. However the next day although out all day came back to find the room not even made up. Starting to get a bit annoyed, went to breakfast the next day at the cafe where we were seated immediately but never served for over 15minutes despite those behind us being served so got up and left no one even noticed. That night decided to watch a movie only to find the television not working which took 4 calls and 2 maintenance people to finally fix on the last night.Maybe fortunate in some way for this being my first visit to this hotel 4th to vegas but definetly the last if it wasnt for the pool complex which is great this hotel has no redeeming features. Do yourself a favour stay across the road at nyny or pick a hotel with a similiar pool complex but skip on this overrated tip.	
Oct 16 2009	Great hotel but don't waste your money on the buffet	First of all, let me say that the hotel itself is great. The room was just adequate (standard room, 2 queens, non-smoking), but the casino, shops, restaurants, and everything else is great. The place is massive, so be prepared for quite a trek from your room to the strip. We found the casino to be one of the best on the strip. The decor of the lobby, casino, etc was modern and up to date while still retaining a classic vegas feel. The free valet parking was great, as the valets were courteous and fast. The check in and check out went smoothly and very quickly. The location is great as well. The one thing I was very dissappointed in was the Grand Buffet. We booked an all inclusive package through the MGM website that included all three buffet meals each day in the price of the room, so fortunately it was essentially &quot;free&quot; to us. If I had paid $28 for that dinner buffet I would have been ticked. The food is average and the the selection is not very good and never changes. Don't waste your money there. Overall, however, I loved the hotel and I am likely to stay there again.	
Oct 15 2009 	A must see!!!!	The hotel was very nice and service very good! The breakfast buffet was awesome and you can create your own omelet. I watched the chef and went home and made the same omelet. Yummy! The lion exhibit is great you can watch them feed the lions and it's free. You can get on guest lists at the clubs within the hotel for FREE. The bed in the hotel room was extremely comfortable (pillow top). The only thing is in the hallway it is very cold make sure to bring a jacket when walking to and from the elevator. The daytime pool club Wet Republic was well worth the wait just make sure to get their early and get on the guest list.	
Oct 15 2009 	vegas 2009	we stayed at the mgm grand hotel from 6th october-13th october. the hotel is sooo big it takes you forever to get through the casino to your room! we stayed in a grand tower room, these rooms are nice and quite bigger than i expected. overall the hotel was great in a fantastic location, any recommendations i would have would be to try the grand buffet, fantastic value for money. we had a fantastic time seeing all the sites, grand canyon, hoover dam, seeing all the amazing hotels. the hotel was a once in a lifetime experience.	
Oct 15 2009	MGM - A Great Experience!	Met my sister &amp; her husband in Vegas for our annual &quot;vacation&quot; from Sept. 26 to Oct. 2. We were very torn on where to stay this trip. We usually stay at Luxor but since they've changed the casino &amp; pool areas, to us it's lost that &quot;loving feeling&quot;. So we had a choice between Mandalay Bay &amp; MGM and picked MGM. I must say I was a bit nervous about staying there after reading some of the reviews here. But my nervousness and fears were for nothing because we had a wonderful stay! Yes the hotel is huge and requires a lot of walking- it's VEGAS!! After a day or two you tend to learn the short cuts from getting from point A to point B. Thanks to the reviews though I did tell my sister that we should request Grand Tower rooms and not the West Wing rooms, which we did and I'm extremely pleased with doing so. The Grand Tower room I was in had a King sized bed that was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on. I mean SERIOUSLY it was so comfortable that not once did I wake up during the night nor did I have any backaches and only once did I wake up with a headache. The room was clean and the view was of New York New York, Excalibur, Luxor etc. It was awesome! Room was 24th Floor Room 314- I think. Bathroom was huge and even though it showed signs of age it was clean and bright. I loved that it had an in-room safe that was under the TV and large enough to hold my mini laptop, ipod, jewelery and many other things. We went to the pool 2 days and both times had no problem getting chaises. We didn't get there early, around 11am and it wasn't crowded at all. The music wasn't terribly loud but we did stay away from Wet Republic so we could lay out in peace. Drink servers around the pool were scarce but the bar was right there so it was no skin off our noses to just get up and order something. Loved the Lemon Kiss and would recommend that drink to anyone who likes lemonade (with alcohol of course, lol!). Very refreshing! The bar attendants let my sister and her husband have little tastes of each of their frozen drinks so they could find the flavor they liked- very cool of them I think.We ate at the buffet for most breakfasts and some dinners because we had a 2 for 1 on our hotel offer. Since it was only myself in my party I was given 1/2 off- you do have to charge to your room and then it is adjusted. Food at the buffet was the same every day but it was good and filling and we had no complaints at all.Now Las Vegas hotels (on Strip) do not have coffee makers in the rooms any longer. I was told a few years ago that it was some fire code thing but I'm pretty sure it's so you have to either order coffee from room service or go down into the casino to the coffee stands. So with that said and me being a total morning coffee freak I simply called down to room service every morning and ordered. Yes it was $6 for a small pot or $9 for a larger pot but hey it saved me from having to get dressed, go downstairs, stand in line and then end up paying $5+ for a coffee. I'd call down, order, they'd say 25 mins. but within 15 mins. someone was knocking at my door and placing a fresh, hot and yummy pot of coffee on the table in my room- PERFECT!!! It was actually something I looked forward to every morning while waiting for my sister and her husband to get ready for breakfast.Now the morning I woke up with a terrible headache- after breakfast my sister said they were going to lay by the pool, I said I was going to see if I could get in for a massage. Again we had 25% off spa services so I thought I'd see if I could take advantage of that. It was 12:25pm when I got to my room, called the spa and asked if they had any opening for a hot stone massage. Yes Ms. Tucker- how soon would you like to get in? We have a 1pm opening! Bing bang boom! Just like that I was booked and heading down for the most relaxing massage. It did the trick and my headache vanished. The spa itself is beautiful and relaxing. They have these big, comfy lounger chairs to sit in while waiting to be called for your treatment. The casino is large, very large actually but there is something for everyone there. I couldn't believe how packed all the tables, roulette and craps tables were. If there is a recession going on you sure couldn't tell it from looking at those. I actually found $1 video roulette and being a bit skeptical sat down to play. I liked it better than the real thing since now even for &quot;cheap&quot; roulette at Orleans or Gold Coast they have change the betting. $5 minimum but if you play anything outside it is $5 on each spot or you can split $5 on the numbers. With video roulette I could play $1 if I wanted or as much as I desired. I played $3 per spin and everytime I played I walked away with a profit! OK so to wrap this up on our last night there we decided to go see MGM Crazy Horse show- which I have written a review on. It was wonderful and actually a show that I'm looking forward to seeing again next year. It's French burlesque with funky lighting and extremely hot girls! Loved every minute of it but will warn you that if you are looking for a &quot;Vegas Show Girl&quot; type of show, this isn't it- go see Jubilee instead. I also saw Bite at the Strastophere the 2nd day I was there and it's a decent show. Get the 2 for 1 tickets because it's worth $25 per person, not sure it's worth $49.95 per person. Sexy, erotic vampire story set to rock 80's music and I was digging the music!! Don't believe it when they say they take members from the audience- they are dancers and singers planted in the audience but it was fun overall. OK so to sum it up- MGM was GRAND and it's huge so if you don't like &quot;walking&quot; then don't stay here. Grand Tower rooms are very nice, buffet is pretty darn good and thank you to the morning room service servers! Oh and thank you to the floor manager who promptly tried to fix my TV issue and when he couldn't called maintenance for me who was there within 20 mins. Everyone from the front desk check-in to the maids who smiled and said Good Morning to me every morning when I headed out and they were just getting ready to start their day were absolutely wonderful. I didn't meet one staff member there who was rude or made you feel like you weren't welcomed. Check out was done on the TV and didn't even have to go to the front desk. Called the Bell Desk who came and got my suitcases for me and held them until I was ready to head to the airport.I'd definately recommend the MGM Grand to anyone going to Vegas! I'd also tell them to watch the different websites and offers because we got ours for $55 a night and it was money well spent! Enjoy!!!	
Oct 14 2009 	MGM Grand has it all	My husband and I stayed at the MGM Grand from Saturday, October 10th to Tuesday, October 13th for my husband's birthday. This was my first trip to Vegas, my husband, on the other hand, felt like he was returning home. A Southern California native, he has been to Vegas about 60 times, mostly staying at the MGM. I, on the other hand, was making my debut visit to Sin City.Just so you know, my husband and I are 30. We like to gamble, eat, and drink, and not necessarily in that order. We didn't go to any shows, so I can't speak to that side of Vegas.Here we go: My husband is a member of the Players Club, so our rooms were already discounted and we were upgraded to a suite upon check-in (a welcome surprise after a 5 1/2 hour flight from New York City). The suite was nice. A little dated, but still very nice to have the extra space. The beds were extremely comfortable. After checking-in, we went to Wolfgang Puck's to split a pizza and grab a drink. Good food and I though reasonably priced. I'm used to NYC prices, so I really didn't find Vegas to be all that overwhelming. The pizza was really good and more than enough for two to share for lunch. We played some paigow at the MGM, then explored the hotel--so much to see! Lovely collection of restaurants in the hotel, with lots of variety. The restaurants all are having deals and lots of happy hours, which I'm told was a sign of the tough economic times.That evening, we went to the NY NY and Monte Carlo to gamble. I liked the Monte Carlo, but found it to be a bit too brightly lit. One of the drunk guys at our paigow table actually managed to light it on fire while lighting his cigarette, so that provided some excitement.When we returned to our room, we were pleased to see room service had delivered a bottle of champagne and cake to our room for my husband's birthday. A totally unexpected surprise! Sunday, I laid out by the pool while my husband played poker. The pool was nice--very big, with lots of room and available chairs. That afternoon, we went to the Paris hotel and Bellagio. The champagne they serve you while playing at the Bellagio is awesome. That evening, we went to Craftsteak to celebrate my husband's birthday. I was extremely disappointed in Craftsteak. The lobster bisque was fabulous, but that is about it. We ordered the porterhouse for two and it was tough and honestly, a bit bland. I don't know if it was a one-off deal or what, but it was very disappointing. Monday, again, my husband played poker while I went to the outlet mall. We met up later in the afternoon to go see the Venetian and Caesars Palace. The Venetian was beautiful. Caesars was big, huge, glamorous, but I really liked the Venetian. By that evening, I was exhausted. Too much of a good thing, I guess. Vegas is like no other city in the world. My debut trip was a success (even though we lost!), and I look forward to my next trip to Vegas and the MGM Grand.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good and clean	This was our 6th time visiting Las Vegas and staying at the MGM Grand. We always stay there because we are finally familiar with the massive hotel and surroundings. It's always clean, and our rooms/bathrooms are always clean. We didn't get a strip view room as requested, or a king bed as requested, but we weren't in the room too much anyway. The weather was perfect, 80'ish during the day and 60's at night. The Producer's Pool was fun, and the Fat Tuesdays downstairs selling 190 Octanes made it even better. We won some money on the Wheel of Fortune .25 slots near the Lion Habitat.	
Oct 14 2009	Lovely pool	A very good hotel, lovely pool and good choice of restaurants, very large casino, very modern hotel	
Oct 13 2009 	Right in the middle of it all	The MGM seemed to be in a great spot. I stayed in the West Wing, which was a bit more modern, it was very nice, the room seemed large. The pool area was great, the spa was excellent. All the restaurants where superb. Even the centrifuge bar was cool, suggest to stay in it for at least 30 min (the staff do a little dance for ya). Has a metro/rail stop to other parts of the strip. Would stay here again.	
Oct 13 2009 	MGM Grand Las Vegas - Nevada	My hubbie &amp; I are seasoned travellers. We stayed at the MGM Grand Las Vegas for our first wedding anniversary we had previously stayed at NYNY for our honeymoon last year. We arrived on the 16/9/9 for one week, the hotel was very busy due to the Mayweather fight. Check in was fast, efficient, we had booked online and got a special offer with lastminute.com which worked out £200 cheaper than booking directly with the hotel. We stayed in the West Wing and after reading some of the reviews on this site I was stressed out to the HILT!!! Our room had a large king/queen double bed, with a window overlooking it. The view from this window was fine, we could see NY NY. The room has all that anyone could need, plenty of plus, a chair, desk, bedside lights which are very nicely designed. The wardrobe space is plentiful and there is an in room safe as well. The room is very well designed, lots of mirrors, glass and a very stylish swivel chair. The bathroom is fantastic, yes it has a frosted glass door as does the shower but this was not an issue for me &amp; hubbie and I can’t see how it would be an issue unless you are very prudish. The shower is brill, more like a wet room, very spacious and lots of lovely hot water. The pressure is great also, we had toiletries and towels which were replenished every day. Our room was also cleaned every day without having to ask. The hotel itself is HUGE but after a day or two you get used to it, there are loads of restaurants, cafes, a few bars and nightclubs. We ate at Pearl Chinese which was a fantastic meal, and very reasonable. We also ate in a steakhouse Fiamma Trateorri, which was fairly expensive but great quality. We also tried Diego Mexican but I thought it was over rated. I would recommend the deli next door to the sports book for a quick bagel and a cup of tea/coffee in the morning. The lion’s den is impressive but we had seen it last year so was not fazed by it. All the staff we encountered were courteous and professional. The best thing about this hotel is the pools - there are 6 of them I think. The best one is the lazy pool - this is simply the best. The pool has a current which guides you around the whole length of the pool, you also encounter waterfalls on your journey. This is a place for everyone families, couples everyone. I liked that the pool was not pretentious and everyone was just there for a good time. As for Las Vegas - what can I say I love it!! The sun is just great, as is the atmosphere. We are already planning our next trip. I can recommend Planet Hollywood for shops, it has a victorias secret which came in handy! also the Tropicana restaurant/bar is great we had a fantastic meal there. Also fab for was dennys,hard rock cafe. We got the deuce a few times which was ok but very packed. The monorail which runs between mgm to Mandalay Bay is much better and I think there is another mono rail which goes in the other direction. We visited most hotels I was very impressed with the Mandalay Bay - went there to see the Killers which were AMAZING. We ate there at Red White and Blue and it was very cheap but very nice food and friendly staff. Also liked Caesars, NY NY, Wynn, Palazzo. Didn’t like Flamingo, Harrahs, or Venetian - the reviews are right the smell is very overpowering!!. We went down to Bill's Gamblin Saloon which was just fab, there was even an Elvis impersonator - what more could you ask for!! Plus the machines seemed to pay out well here, and older hotels such as Circus Circus, Riviera etc. 2 small gripes about LV I don’t like the smoking - but hey this is sin city &amp; I just held my breath!! Also the ticket guys who hand out 'hot girls' cards - very annoying &amp; invade your personal space... also means there is a lot of rubbish about. Anyways I could talk all day about LV - enjoy if you are heading there enjoy !!!!* From last years trip also would recommend going to see the Cirque de Solei - Love show (beatles) and Steve Wyrick - very entertaining.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Stay - But Don't Stay in the West Wing!	The MGM is great! My husband and I booked our trip on a web site that gave us our airfare and our hotel room in a package. When we checked in at the airport (which I advise!) we requested a king bed instead of 2 queens. The guy said that they had one in their West Wing. My husband and I didn't know what the &quot;West Wing&quot; was so we said okay. Let me tell you that the West Wing is a hole!!! Seriously...there is no lighting, no privacy and it's about a quarter of a mile down a long hallway. You automatically know that you've entered the &quot;West Wing&quot; when the lighting even in the hallway gets ridiculously dark! The lighting in the so-called “bathroom” is also a joke. Even if you put your face up to the mirror you still can’t put your makeup on. We stayed the one night in the room and immediately went to the front desk the next morning to request a move. The guy behind the counter was more than helpful to move us and even gave us a King room with a great view of half the strip. He was so great! So the hotel is fabulous and great access to the strip but just stay clear of the West Wing! Stay in the Grand Tower...they are great rooms!	
Oct 13 2009 	Fantastic Hotel for a weekend break in Las vegas	We stayed at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas in Oct 09, and were pleasantly surprised by how efficiently run the hotel was, considering its size and quantity of rooms. The check in at the airport MGM desk was easy, we were brought to the hotel by a passenger van, and were so delighted with our lovely room on the 19th floor with a fab strip view. It was a deluxe king room and for the money, was fantastic value. The Bathroom was huge and the room was super clean. The overall service was really good and check out was just as smooth as entering the hotel. I really do recommend this hotel, and having seen all the other hotels there, i am so pleased we stayed there. Not as flash as the Venetian or Bellagio, but not cheap like the New York or others on the strip.	
Oct 13 2009 	The West Wing is horrible!	Despite the Hotel's claims, the rooms that are available in the West Wing are, in the opinion of this paying customer, far from an upgrade and are not worth the extra money charged. To start, access to the West Wing rooms require that you walk, what seems like the length of the massive hotel to the every back, passing along the way, the main elevators to all of the other guest rooms, the casino floor, employee entrance areas and closets to a back hallway. The back hallway has a lower ceiling, horrible lighting, dark walls and an ugly industrial greyish blue/green/brown carpet that would be perfect to hide stains. At the end of this hallway are the elevators to the West Wing that are unlike any elevators in the entire Hotel. They resemble service elevators in need of a paint job as they are marred with scuff marks and lack any aesthetic appeal. The upper hallways of the West Wing are no different and have the same low ceiling, bad lighting, dark walls and ugly carpet. Once you enter the room, you will first realize that you do not have an enclosed bathroom. The bathroom sink is the first thing you see followed by two frosted glass enclosed stalls each with a shower and a toilet. Using the facilities had the feel and charm of using a public bathroom stall or showering at the local gym. The shower stall did not have a towel rack on the inside and required that you step out of the shower into the entrance foyer to get the towel. The room was small and not comfortable. It had one window over the bed that was smaller than most hotel windows. The view was nonexistent. The carpeting was the same industrial ugly greyish blue/green/brown carpet used in the hallway. There was nothing appealing about this hotel room unless you consider a flat screen T.V. and a Boise radio as an upgrade. Worst of all, as paying customer, management did nothing to address my dissatisfaction. Based on my experiences, I would not recommend staying at the MGM Grand. FDP.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great deal on a good hotel that caters to younger people.	We stayed at the MGM Grand from the 27th of September to the 1st of October. We had the 59 dollar a night rate which included 3 buffets each daily for my wife and I. We got there on a Sunday morning at 0900 and were told our room would be ready in an hour. We were given the room key cards and a phone number to call to find out the room number. Front desk and concerierge were never a problem during our stay. Short waits and helpful personnel. Our room (11-322) was clean, large and nice. It faced New York New York and we could see Excalibur, Luxor and Mandalay Bay. Pictures turn out incredibly detailed because there is so little humidity in the air. The buffet was good and we never waited more than 10 minutes in a line. Normally there was just a one to two minute wait until we were led to a table. The server was always at hand to get drink orders. The breakfast buffet is very good--especially when it's free. The lunch and dinner buffets are actually identical--they serve the same things. There was always something good to make a meal out of. The prime rib is sliced mercilessly thin and was pretty much a waste of time. The crab legs and peel-and-eat shrimp are presided over by a employee in a chef's hat--they dole out 3-4 small crab legs and maybe a half dozen shrimp at a time. Seemed kind of cheap. But there were many kinds of entrees that were very good and overall the buffet experience was worthwhile. The hotel is huge, but we found that we could cut hundreds of feet and a few minutes out of any trip by avoiding the carpeted pathway through the casino. Stick to the walls or pick a landmark in the direction you want and head directly towards it. Wear good walking shoes everywhere. The pool complex is fantastic--very nice and clean and plenty of towels available. The Backlot River (Lazy River) was supposed to be open only on the weekends per the hotel website, but we found that it was open every day of our stay. Our stay entitled us to 2 inner tube rentals. The tubes stick out a foot above the water and my wife (five foot two) found she was unable to touch bottom when she was on the tube. So she did not like them because she was unable to navigate. We found the slot machines at the casino to be unrelentingly tight. Cocktail waitresses are very few and far between. It was that way everywhere on the Strip and Downtown. We saw KA (buy one get one free with Players Club Card) and it was worthwhile. We bought 3 day passes for the MonoRail and it was worth the money. It was easy to take the MonoRail out from the MGM and walk back. It is true the MonoRail stations can be pretty far from the strip. At the MGM they are on the way to the pool. For the last two nights of our stay, we upgraded (30 dollars) to a Celebrity Spa Suite (room 25-339) which was pretty much as far away from the elevator that we could get. The suite had a huge bathroom with a whirlpool tub. All marble--really nice. The suite faced east down Tropicana and the airport. I don't know why but I liked this view better than the partial strip view. We found that the other reviewers comments about MGM catering to a younger crowd are true. The average guest seemed to be between 22-32 years old, and there were a lot of 4 man groups of twenty-somethings wandering aroud. We did not have any trouble with drunks yelling in the hallways.All in all, we've now stayed at the MGM and don't necessarily have to do so again. Being older, we'll probably move up to Bellagio or Caesar's Palace when the right deal comes along. But we had no problems with the MGM Grand and had a very good stay.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great location	We just got back from a weekend in Las Vegas. We loved the location of this hotel we were able to walk to many of the other hotels. We were there for a wedding and the MGM really did a great job.The pool area gets really crowded so if you want a spot you have to get there early.The only thing that I was dissapointed about was that we wanted clean towels everyday and they just reused the ones that we had already used. So if you want clean ones you have to call down to the front desk and ask them to tell the maids to change them everyday. Even if you throw them on the floor they will reuse them. Other than that we were very happy with the hotel.	
Oct 12 2009 	I was disappointed in the rooms.	Maybe it was because of the fact that I expected so much more.Perhaps I was under the illusion that the MGM Grand is just what it says-Grand? We booked a room with two double beds,for myself,my husband and our two boys aged 12 and 14.Thus ,four people.The room had no cupboard with shelves to unpack our clothes in and our tv did not work properly.We were even booked out of our room for no apparent reason and therefor our keys were de-activated. The best part of the hotel is it's great location.	
Oct 12 2009 	everything you need under one roof	we stayed here for a week and got married here. the staff and hotel were fantastic, not a bad word to say about the whole experience. super clean, excellent facilities, perfect. wedding staff were also great. we are already looking to book to go back for our first anniversary!!	
Oct 11 2009 	All great except for 1 thing ...	This is an email I sent to MGM 9/19, w/ no response as of 10/12.My friend and I stayed recently and I wanted to let you know that Julia at Front Desk was very friendly and helpful when she checked us in, and Matthew also at FD was very warm and friendly as well when we checked out.  On the flip side, we went to dinner on Sept. 8th for dinner at the Studio Cafe and the service was awful. My friend ordered the sliders/shake blue plate special &amp; I ordered the pot roast. Robert repeated my order back to me. Several minutes passed before Robert or the asst. server came by with drinks, then when the runner brought our food, I was given a turkey plate. I pointed out to the server that I ordered pot roast, and he said he would get me the correct entree. My friend ate slowly, both of us thinking that my plate would be brought soon. More time passed - I noticed that his other tables also were scanning the floor, looking for him. We sat at table 115, overlooking the slot machines. At no point did anyone come by to apologize, although Robert did come by to say my food would &quot;be coming out soon.&quot; By the time my meal was brought, my friend had finished her complete meal, dessert included. It was nearly 9:30 by the time I got my meal, and quite frankly, I was irritated that it took so long to get my meal. Robert dropped the check, and I asked to speak to a manger. He said he would get him/her. More time passed, no manager. When Robert came again, he asked if there was anything he could do. I told him I was not happy with the amount of time I had to wait, and that I did not think I should have to pay for a meal I had to wait a long time for - the entire time, he did not apologize for the delay, nor did a manager ever touch the table. Robert adjusted my meal, my friend paid for hers, and we left. My friend and I enjoyed MGM, our suite was beautiful, we had an enjoyable meal at Emeril's on the 7th, I went to the spa on the 8th and enjoyed my massage (I can't remember my massage therapist's name), and I would probably return, but not go back to Studio Cafe. What is the procedure when a guest asks to speak to a manager, or if meals have long ticket times? Are associates taught to apologize and get a manager?  Another observation about the spa - why is the TV on if the guest is supposed to be relaxing? I realize that Top Chef is in Vegas, but the volume was loud enough to hear throughout the spa except for the sauna/steam rooms. Other than the TV, I was very pleased with the facilities and appreciated the spa attendant who gave me an orientation - again, her name escapes me. Overall, my experience was good. I wish it was easier to locate the email address on the website rather via Facebook or calling the 800 #. Thank you.	
Oct 11 2009 	A bit of a disappointment	We only stayed in the MGM for one night and was quite glad we weren't staying longer! We had stayed in the Signature for a couple of nights just before staying here and it was much much nicer.We had a car when we arrived and we didn't feel that the car park was very well sign posted. We stumbled on it almost accidently. It was free though, which was welcome.The reception desk was busy and didn't seem to have much of a queueing system. It appeared to be jumble of people surrounding the vast number of check in desks. The receptionist was friendly when we got to her though.We stayed in the 14th floor looking towards the Excalibur. The room was large but appeared to be quite dated. The furniture looked a bit battered and the drawers and doors were a bit sticky. There was no kettle or coffee maker which would have been welcome. WiFi was not free as it was in the Signature Suites.Our room rate included 2for1 in the Buffet which we decided to try. It was ok, but not great. I don't think I'll be going back!Overall, I think there are better places to stay in Vegas for a similar price.	
Oct 11 2009 	Nice Hotel...Convenient Location; Great Value!	The MGM Grand has everything a great Vegas hotel has. The room was clean, modern, and definitely deserves the 4 star designation it received. I would recommend this hotel!	
Oct 10 2009 	One Word....AMAZING!!!	This is probably one of the BEST hotels I have stayed in, in Las Vegas. The MGM knows the true meaning of customer service. Being in the hotel industry myself I have high expectionations, and the MGM surpassed them. From Valet to check-out everyone I have encounted was amazing. Not one employee that I passed in the hallway or casion did not say &quot;hello&quot; to me. Fantastic stay and I am sure it will not be my last. Patrick at the front drive was very friendly and knowledgable of the area, he was very professional. I am excited to book my next stay with the MGM. Thank you!!!!	
Oct 10 2009 	Too Big to be Great.	We spent 4 nights, mid week at the MGM. Rooms were great. Very clean and comfortable. Good size and well appointed. We had no problem with check in but I can see that there could be problems depending on the time of day you arrive. This is a very large hotel that has problems dealing with the volumes of people they have to cater too. Forget about a quick chat with the Concierge in the morning or early evening. Lined up 10 deep. Like everything else in Vegas you will pay through the nose for every little service.	
Oct 10 2009 	We got a great rate but this hotel lacks a pizzaz	Our room at the MGM was enormous and we had a good view across to New York, New York, Excalibur, The Luxor and Mandalay Bay but given this was a city of bright lights and countless entertainments, the MGM itself was a little dull. Staff were helpful but perhaps a little over formal and the sheer scale of the building never rewarded you with short cuts once you'd got yourself orientated - the pool was frustratingly far away and through the restaurant arcade and a short cut could easily have been added from the basement shopping arcade off of the main lobby and beneath valet parking. That said, we got an excellent deal on the room and our beds (2 queens bigger than anything you'd get here in London) were really comfortable. At present, a central strip hotel would be nicer given that the work around the new development next to the Monte Carlo makes the south strip feel a little isolated from Bellagio / Caesars Palace / Venetian etc etc but there's not much the MGM can do about that. The only other thing that the MGM could have done with were some $5 blackjack tables...at least during the day...or better guides as to how to play the more obscure games. We sampled both the buffet and the grand wok restaurants and both were good, offering high quality food at good value for money which seemed rare on the strip. We paid $59 a night with no resort fee on an offer and at that price the MGM is a great bet.	
Oct 10 2009 	West Wing hotel - good in theory not so much in execution...	Let me start off by saying that we booked our trip through Expedia for a king size bedroom at MGM Grand. The deal was crazy good with airfare, show tickets and ground transportation. And, I stayed with another party at MGM Grand about 3 years ago in the regular rooms so my experience with this room is compared to that experience. When we arrived at MGM Grand (it was a Wednesday night keep in mind), we were offered a r(regular) oom with 2 queen size beds in the hotel or a room with a king size bed in their 'new' West WIng. The West WIng was billed to us as similar to a New York effiency style apartment. Since it was our anniversary, we elected to take the West Wing room. First of all, if you enter and exit through the main casino, it takes even longer to get to this room because you exit the elevators and have to walk down a wing and then the West Wing hotel starts - carpet differs, that's how you know. Luckily, our room was close to the regular wing of the hotel. My husband found that the West Wing does indeed have it's own elevators and it takes you directly outside of the West Wing bar (which no one was really ever in -even late at night) and if you take that exit out you are on the side street beside the MGM Grand and nearest some of the tourist buses. That whole area sticks by the way, but after about a day, we figured this was the easiest way to get in and out of the building. The room - It is small, they did not lie to us about that , however I really would have appreciated some structure around the bathroom. The bathroom has a water closet, a shower and a vanity area. The shower and water closet have frosted glass around them and only that - no privacy and no way to masks any sounds if you need some potty time. Luckily, there is a TV built into the mirror in the bath area and you could turn that up full blast while you do your business. There is a TV directly on the other side of the wall which in my opinion took up too much space with the built in since you would think the newest part of this hotel would have flat screens. Nope. Probably sucks up a ton of energy too, but it's Vegas, right? All in all, th bed was nice, the desk and side chair/table was nice. The room is modern, but that is our style so we did like that. I do understand that in Vegas people do not spend a lot of time in their rooms, but we specifically stayed here so we would enjoy the time we did. I cannot say that I am impressed enough to return to MGM Grand. I would at least say no to the West Wing if I did. My other issue with MGM Grand is Wi-Fi is $15/day. That is riduculous for a hotel of this size. I stay for business at Hilton Garden Inn and Courtyard by Marriot all over the country and never pay for Wi-Fi. I wish I would have known this beforehand and I wouldn't have brought the laptop, jus used my iphone. We didn't win big in Vegas, but we didn't win big with our hotel choice either.	
Oct 10 2009 	Would recommend but not at the rack rate!	We stayed at MGM Grand for 4 nights in September. As advertised, it is a very large hotel and easy to get lost in. As commented on in other posts, this hotel does seem to cater to the young, the beautiful and the very drunk. Check in was reasonably quick and courteous, although the check in area is quite disorganised with guests forming their own queue’s. Other large hotels on the strip were better organised with an airport like set up for check in which meant that the first there was the first to check in. At MGM it is just a lucky dip as to who gets served first.Our Grand Tower room was a reasonable size with two fantastically comfortable queen sized beds (the best I have ever slept in!) and a nice bathroom. Requests for extra towels were dealt with promptly. We asked for a “high floor” non-smoking room and got the 28th floor. Our view was to the rear of the property and airport but still quite nice. Our friend got a smoking room on the 23rd floor with a fantastic strip view. The smoking room absolutely reeked of smoke even before she lit up for the first time. Our room on the 28th floor was reasonably quiet, although we were up the end of the hallway and there didn’t seem to be too many rooms filled around us. On the other hand, the room on the 23rd floor was near the lifts (as requested) which meant that many drunks were passing by at all hours. It also had an adjoining door which meant the noise from the neighbours was quite loud.The MGM Grand is located at the South end of the strip and has easy access to Tropicana, Excalibur, NYNY, Luxor and Mandalay Bay. If you are spending more than a few nights in Vegas I would recommend spending half your time at the “centre” strip and the other half at the south end. We spent 6 nights at Bills Gamblin Hall &amp; Saloon prior to the MGM and had a ball there.Eating and (particularly) drinking at the MGM Grand is not cheap, although there is a food court to get cheaper eats. You may be lucky enough to get “free” cocktails while playing the slots, however they take forever to arrive. Tipping the cocktail waitresses well did not seem to help.There did not seem to be much “winning” going on in the slots department, however I was lucky enough to win a good sized jackpot. For all of you Australian’s reading this, you need to be aware that any winnings on slot machines greater than $US1200 are taxed at 30%!!!! I was told that the tax could be claimed back in Australia but this is not the case. Of course it is not the casino’s fault, but quite disappointing all the same. If you do plan to spend cash gambling at MGM or other affiliated properties (Bellagio, Mandalay, Mirage, Treasure Island, NYNY, Luxor, Excalibur), I recommend joining the players club. This allows you to accrue points towards accommodation, meals, etc. I managed to get 3 all day buffets, 2 breakfast buffets, a meal on room service and one nights free accommodation with my accrued points. The buffet was acceptable, but not too much choice compared to others. However I can’t really complain as I did not pay.Overall, I think the MGM Grand is an okay place to stay providing you don’t pay the rack rate. At full price I think there are better offerings on the strip. If you are looking for a less expensive option in the best location on the strip, you can’t go past Bills Gamblin Hall and Saloon (see my review!)A final bit of advice – don’t forget your walking shoes!!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Great hotel!	I was pleasantly suprised with how nice my stay here was. The check in and check out were very quick. Cleaning service was spot on. Conceirge was awesome in helping us get last minute cirque tickets at a really great price. overall i would say that i would definitely stay again.	
Oct 9 2009 	Good Stay at MGM	We have stayed at MGM in the past and have always had a good experience. MGM has great pools, good restaurants, and is great location on the strip.The only complaint my husband had, was the dealers weren't always the friendliest....doesn't really bother me any, but for him it was big deal.All-in-all had a great time in Vegas and at MGM, would definitley stay there again.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great conference hotel with all the amenities!	It was my first time in Las Vegas and I thought the lobby of the MGM Grand was amazing with the center stage larger than life gold lion and stars in the ceiling. Check in was a breeze, but I didn't get my room request (high fooor corner room with a view). I was told it was because the room block was at a special rate so my requests couldn't be accomodated. I have to say I was a little disappointed in the room. It was comfortable and clean, but there was an akwardly placed mini fridge on top of a service cart which strange. My window view was of the casino roof and the bright green lights that illuminated the hotel at night, which were a little annoying. It just didn't seem &quot;grand&quot;, which is what I was expecting. Room service was excellent and the food was tasty. The casino was clean and very active. The &quot;mall&quot; was fun with lots of restaurant choices and a few shops. The pool complex was lush and clean. The conference center was million miles away from the hotel towers, so that was terrible. You couldn't go up to your room and check email or rest for a minute becase it was so far away. I enjoyed the lion habitat. They were beautiful and you really get some great views and photos if you stick around for a little bit. Studio 54 was fun! All in all it was a good trip. I'll have to come back on my own (not on business) and get a room with a view.	
Oct 9 2009 	Amazing Hotel	My husband and I really enjoyed this hotel. It was large and had many amenities. We enjoyed the restaurants, shopping, and pools. The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. The room was large and we had a nice view. We also payed a good rate for our room.	
Oct 9 2009 	WORTH THE PRICE....	We have tried practically every hotel in Vegas and have stayed at the MGM in the past. It is hard to beat this hotel for value. The pools are well laid out and the lazy river is an added delight. Put on your walking shoes though this place is huge and going anywhere within the hotel tends to be a hike. There are unbelievable restaurants and they are offering great tasting menus .....	
Oct 9 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	We arrived at the hotel at 9:30 am on a Saturday thinking we would have to store our luggage until our room was available but to our surprise our room was ready. We had no wait time to check in and the staff was super helpful with all of our questions. The hotel is huge but they provided us with a map which was helpful! The pool area was really crowded on Sat but later in the week it was better and not as many people. They had several restraunts to choice from as well. Overall I would stay here again!	
Oct 9 2009	A great time	Loved the hotel. We had a great view and an unbeatable deal which included the buffet for 3 meals a day. It was wonderful.	
Oct 9 2009 	West wing cheap and cheerful	Modern rooms and designed for weekenders. We stayed here for 7 days, and next time wouldve spent a bit more to stay somewhere in the middle of &quot;the Strip&quot;. MGM Grand is fairly at the south end, but still good. Good for the price.	
Oct 9 2009 	Vegas workhorse	For a first-timer in Vegas I would recommend this place. It's got something for everyone: the gambling I can't really rate since I didn't do any, but as for amenities, you get a lot for the price. And on the subject of price, do yourself a favor and sign up for email notifications on the MGM Grand website. They have some pretty decent deals - the least expensive rate I've seen is $55. The rooms weren't super amazing - for that I like Mandalay Bay - but they had the basic things in them. I would downvote the bathroom in particular. If you need a nice tub and shower setup, this is not the place for it. The entire complex is huge so be prepared for some walking to get to the pool or the &quot;food court&quot; or the spa or the tram. Food court - they have a neat little area where you can get a quickie lunch or snack for cheap[er]. The show KA was there when I went - that gets a big ol 5 STARS cause it was AMAZING. Another great thing is the pool complex and I would even go so far as to say it is better than Mandalay Bay's especially the lazy river and the &quot;adults only&quot; pool. The spa was &quot;eh&quot;. The buffet was pretty awesome. Bottom line: it's not anything special but in Vegas that's still pretty cool and there were some great things about it: pool, food court, price.	
Oct 8 2009 	MGM Grand met all our expectations	We stayed for five nights in the Grand Tower and we were 100% satisfied with every aspect of our stay - except the $14.95/day Internet access fee. The room was near perfect - clean, modern, well appointed - nice large bathroom with good tub and shower. The king bed was quite comfortable and an individual thermostat kept the temperature in the room exactly as we wanted it.Great location on the South Strip, right across from New York, New York. It was great having a monorail station right next to MGM Grand for easy monorail access. If you want to save a few bucks, take the shuttle from the airport to the hotel, but when going back to the airport, take a cab. It's close enough to the airport that taxi fare is less than the shuttle for two or more passengers for the return trip.The staff we had contact with were friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. Other than the high cost of Internet access, we had absolutely no complaints and we would love to stay at MGM Grand again when we return to Las Vegas.	
Oct 8 2009 	A very nice place to stay especially for a first time trip.	I really enjoyed the hotel and the area. I was there on business so I was very unhappy about the walking distance from the rooms to the conference area. I had blisters!!! The conveniences were nice and there was a lot of things close to do. The check in staff could have been a little more friendly but they were not rude either. Over all it was a good experience.	
Oct 8 2009 	We really enjoyed our stay at MGM.	The MGM Hotel staff were great. Arrived at 2pm and our room was ready. The room was very clean and the bed was wonderfully comfortable. It was a bit crowd with people because it was Labor Day Week-end, so watch out for Holidays. Location is great except for all the construction for their CITY CENTER Resort down the street.	
Oct 8 2009 	Stuck in the 90s	The MGM Grand is great hotel, packed with tons of guestrooms, endless entertainment and fun food options. HOWEVER, the decor is totally outdated. We stayed in a Celebrity Suite, which was huge, but totally stuck in the 90s.	
Oct 8 2009 	Stay in a suite and avoid the West Wing	We celebrated our Honeymoon at the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino and stayed in the West Wing. The room was very small and very dark as was most of the tower occupied by the West Wing. I would recommend people to stay at this hotel, but get a suite. The lions were great fun and we miss them greatly.	
Oct 8 2009 	Magnificent in scale yet practical for a family of six the MGM Grand is grand!!!!!!	The rooms are nice size and tastefully decorated. We love the Lion's Den and couldn't resist stopping to watch them every time we would go past. The pool is wonderful with the lazy river!! The only negative was the tubes cost $16.00 a piece per day to rent. If you wait around till the afternoon someone will usually leave one that you can use. We didn't want to wait. We did give ours to a family with three children when we went in and they were really happy!! You can find both affordable food and very fine food at them MGM Grand. For a family of 6 it was great to have a McDonalds to get a quick, cheap breakfast. The hotel was very clean and the employees try very hard to make everybody happy. Everyone we came in contact with was wonderful, from the lady at the front desk, to the gentleman getting the cars. All very helpful and went beyond what you would normally expect! We loved our stay and would stay again!!	
Oct 8 2009 	enjoyed the stay	Used the check-in counter at LAS airport while waiting for luggage &amp; avoided check-in line at hotel. Hotel is large. Breakfast buffet is good deal for price &amp; offers variety. Hotel room clean and comfortable. Concierge helpful but always a line.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Time at MGM!!!	Finally decided to take a trip to Las Vegas with the kids, and settled on the MGM Grand, primarily for the lazy river feature at the pool, along with the on-site attractions. First of all, the lazy river was a big hit, and despite rather costly innertube rental prices, we had a great time hanging out in the river and by the water fall. With kids aged 8, 10, and 14, it's sometimes tough to find something that all of them want to do, and the pool area at the MGM is really something.As far as dining is concerned, we ate once at the buffet, once at Rain Forest Cafe, and few times at the on-site fast food counters (McDonalds, Starbucks, etc.) With the exception of some stomach indigestion after eating at Rain Forest Cafe, everything was up to par. Even without the stomach pain, I would avoid Rain Forest Cafe in the future given the quality of food vs. rather high cost. The decorations are interesting for the first 20-30 minutes, but that's about it.Our room was at the 2nd highest floor, and we had a good view of the strip below. There was a decent amount of space, and although we originally asked for a roll a way bed, we decided against it since it was rather ridiculously priced at $35/night! An air mattress we brought along took care of that. Aside from the roll a way bed, we stayed during an incredible promotion where we were provided with food credits, drink credits, spa credits, gaming credits, etc. Our room would have been a great value even if we hadn't received all of these perks. We are already planning a return visit.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great	We stayed at the MGM Grand for my 30th birthday in August. It was a great hotel, great service. The pool was awesome. Especially the lazy river. That is where we spent most of our time!	
Oct 8 2009 	so so	the tv set and the furnitures are pretty old. the hotel is a bit far away from the center of the strip, a pretty long walk. also, the hotel is too large, it takes a long walk from your room to the garage.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful Experience	It was my first time visiting Las Vegas and our stay at the MGM Grand made it a wonderful experience. The lobby is exquisite and the rooms are beautiful and come stocked with anything you may have forgotten. My husband left a dress shirt in the closet of our room and I called a few days later (when we noticed it was missing) and they had it in their lost and found! I was shocked (it was a very nice shirt and expected it to be gone). I was even more shocked when they offered to send it to us. It arrived the next day freshly laundered and perfectly folded. The entire hotel staff was extremely accomodating and made sure we were nothing but pleased during our stay and well after. I would definitely stay here again and again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Amazing Pool Nice Rooms	Room - Stayed for 2 Nights in Summer. Had booked a grand tower room, got a free upgrade to a west wing room. Got a room close to the elevator for the first night. They changed the room to a quiter location for the second night. Always request for a room away from the elevator as the elevator can be pretty noisy all night. Room was pretty decent, tho on the smaller side, was very clean, upscale and modern with plush interiors.Hotel Amenities - The hotel is very big so be prepared to walk a lot for everything. If you stay at the west wing, there is an exit through a bar which takes you straight to the Las Vegas Strip. Food options were plenty - Lots of cafe's for quick dining - Mc'd, Starbucks and the lots. Didnt spend much time on the casino floor as the minimum bets were pretty high. The Nightclub 'Tabu' is pretty cool. Good crowd and awesome music. Pool - The pool was amazing - Tho It is huge, it is very difficult to find an emply seat, so go early. Had lots of fun at the lazy river. Too bad we were forced to get out of the water early due to thunderstorms.	
Oct 8 2009 	Can't wait to go back!	The MGM Grand was clean, convenient and offered a variety of shops and restaurants to meet our needs. Its location was within walking distance to other hotels, restaurants, stores and attractions. While we didn't take advantage of the pool and hot tubs, the water area was clean and had plenty for everyone, though a bit crowded. We had buffet passes that allowed us to eat free from the hotel buffet. The food was good and there was a variety of choices, but the quality was typical of a buffet-style restaurant. I definitely didn't think it was worth the usual cost of $25 a person. The staff was friendly and helpful during our stay. After visiting other hotels and casinos during our stay, none compared to the amenities and atmosphere of the MGM Grand. We would definitely go back!	
Oct 8 2009 	MGM had everything I needed.	I was nervous about taking children to Las Vegas, however, MGM Grand treated us all wonderful. It is in a great location, and the children loved the inside of the hotel (The Lion Habitat, Rain Forest Cafe, Magic Shop, McDonalds). The rooms were kept very clean. Concierge helped me make the trip special for my daughter by helping me arrange a limo service for us to the Miley Cyrus concert we attended. Everything was just easy and went smoothly.	
Oct 8 2009 	Enjoyable but disappointing.	For our second trip to Las Vegas, we decided to stay at the MGM Grand. It is beautiful and fast paced, but sadly it did not live up to our expectations.It is definitely a huge hotel... but for us, this was its downfall. It was far too big; after staying four days we still got lost in the massive halls. The slots are modern and left a lot for us to be desired (we prefer the &quot;pull-down&quot; slots like those found on the Harrah's properties). It's also VERY busy... we stayed in the middle of the week and while the other hotels were quiet the MGM still was crowded.We like to eat cheap and save money for shows, etc. so the food court was very much appreciated. Who knew you could find a McDonald's in Las Vegas with a dollar menu? The monorail was nice; especially in the heat of July. It basically runs right through one of the wings. The majority of the staff we encountered was very friendly and accommodating... except for the clerk who checked us in. She was very rude and obnoxious because we were inquiring about a possible early check-in (we were even willing to pay extra for it). What a way to start our anniversary vacation! During our trip, we went to Hoover Dam which was fantastic. Highly recommended! We also saw &quot;O&quot; ... it was so moving and beautiful it literally brought tears to my eyes.To sum it all up, we did not enjoy this resort &amp; casino as much as we hoped we would. Next time we'll stay at a Harrah's property again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Love the MGM	I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas since we have a convention there twice a year. For the price MGM is the best. It provides great accomodations for a low fare and the monorail is on the premises. They usually give promotions such as a credit or free tickets to a show. There customer service is also great.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful staff great price.	This was avery nice hotel for the money, I stayed a full week and loved it. The beds were the most comfortable beds ever. The buffet was fair, the fine dining and bars were fantastic.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great experience	Loved the location, price, and amenties. There are several pool areas. Depending what mood you are in you can sit and read, or go to a more lively area to drink, people watch and music. The location is centrally located on the strip. Lots of restaurants and activities on-ground. The only disadvantage is the cost of the fitness center. I always thought use of a gym should be free for hotel guests.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Value for the Money	This is a good hotel for the money. The location is at the beginning of the strip. It is walking distance to many attractions. The staff is very friendly and the rooms are comfortable. The pool area is great. It gets very crowded on the weekends, there was a boxing match going on during our stay so it was a little crazy that night. Over all I was satisfied with my stay.	
Oct 8 2009 	clean but smoky	Great stay at the MGM Grand. Convenient location on the strip and easy access to the Monorail. Clean rooms but very smoky casino. Diverse choice of restaurants and shopping nearby.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel in great location	Hotel is conveniently located close to other Vegas attractions. Rooms were clean and spacious. We were lucky enough to be in town during &quot;Restaurant Week.&quot; This enabled us to eat tasting menus at the restaurants at a much lower than normal price. &quot;Craft steak&quot; &amp; &quot;Emeril's&quot; are a couple of favorites. Only bad experience was the wait time at the front desk. Avoid going to front desk for service during &quot;typical&quot; check-in/check-out time. We waited for roughly an hour for service. If you can wait to get to your room, drop off your luggage with the concierge and go back later to check-in.	
Oct 8 2009 	West Wing rooms too far from the casino!	Although the rooms in the West Wing section were comfortable they were a little on the small side. You had to walk a mile to get to them!	
Oct 8 2009 	Expected more for the hype but a basic room	No major complaints, but kind of expected more. MGM is so large that you are shuffled through like cattle, but it is fun to have so much excitement just downstairs. A nice casino, convenient with tram, and nearby so many of the other fun casinos. Disappointing because, as with most hotels in vegas, everything costs extra- like using the gym, etc.	
Oct 8 2009 	Would definatly stay again amazing time at MGM Las Vegas!	Me and the boyfriend stayed at the MGM grand for my 21st birthday, first time in Vegas. A week at the end of September and had an absolutely amazing time. Staff were very friendly and it was very clean and polished. We had a grand tower room which was actually very nice; grand marble bathroom with shower and bath tub, two huge, very comfortable queen beds. Only bad thing was we were stuck with a ground floor room with virtually no view but as we didn't spend much time in the room didn't seem to matter and it was good everything being very accessible and not having to use lifts. One thing, when checking in they asked whether we’d like a free upgrade to a west wing room. I’d read reviews and even heard a couple other people at the hotel talking about this and don’t do it, the rooms are much smaller, you’re best off sticking with the grand tower.MGM has so many places to eat you’re virtually spoilt for choice, the grand buffet was great, $14.80 a head not bad either! And with other hotels so close you don’t even need to eat at your own hotel. One of our favourite things at MGM was the lazy river pool. When we were there is was never too busy, nice and hot! The cocktails were great, shame the rubber rings were a bit pricey to rent. A few things you must do when in Vegas are: Go up the Eiffel tower to see the strip at night, Bellagio fountains, Mirage volcano, the Venetian, see a show. When booking with lastminute.com we got free tickets to Cirque du soleil “O” at the Bellagio, Stunning show. We were front row, we’d have quite happily paid for the seats and would go again. Another thing is take a helicopter trip over Hoover dam, the Grand Canyon and the Las Vegas strip at sunset, a little pricey, about £200 but totally worth it. Book through the Travelocity stands in the malls, much cheaper than some of the people advertising it or booking it through your hotel. The hotel is at the south end of the strip. We did a lot of walking down the strip, it is the best way to see it! But it gets very hot around lunchtime and the afternoon, around 37 to 40 degrees when we were there so $7 for the deuce bus, 24hour ticket is well worth the money, it goes all the way to downtown Fremont street which is quite dated but defiantly worh a visit.So we had a very grand time and would jump at the chance of staying at the MGM again!	
Oct 7 2009 	Attention to detail needed...	The MGM property has everything that you need in Vegas. Great restaurants and entertainment. I found the Spa staff not particularly friendly. I was surprised that the rooms/halls were showing significant signs of wear. Scuff marks on the walls and dings/dents near almost every hall doorway; really starting to show its age. Lots of incentive packages are available, so sign up for their email announcements and watch the offers pile up!	
Oct 7 2009 	not a honeymoon room	My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights while we got married in Vegas. The hotel was OK... not overly impressive for a 4 star hotel. It was clean and close to everything, however the staff at the front desk were not very welcoming. When I told the guy that we were getting married this weekend he didn't even look up from his computer to congratulate us. I realize he must get that about 20 times a day... but that put the first damper on our stay at MGM. We've never stayed at a 4 or 5 star hotel before, and honestly, I was expecting a bottle of champagne or wine sent up to our room for our special day... but they didn't treat us any differently from every other guest. Which I guess is good and bad at the same time. The pool is awesome, clean and huge! We loved the lazy river. My biggest complaint (and the reason I will not stay there again) is that the rooms have no sound proofing. I was awoken EVERY night by neighbors 4 or 5 doors down trying to get into their rooms, yelling or laughing about whatever was funny. And we could hear every footstep that passed in the hallway outside our room. Not making for very cozy nights. Again, not what I expected for $200 a night!	
Oct 7 2009 	Excellent first time experience	The MGM is a great intro to las vegas. It was my first time here and I wanted to experience the grandeur of Las Vegas and this place has it all. The hotel is massive. The rooms are spot on. Clean and classy. I really enjoyed our time here. They had a special all day buffet, breakfast, lunch and dinner for $35. It was a great deal. We ventured out to the pool area and it is impressive. Many pools to choose from though we didn't have time.This hotel is on the south end of the strip and it's a far walk if visiting the other hotels like the Venetian. There is the deduce that takes you everywhere which I highly recommend purchasing for the duration of your stay.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great hotel in an ideal location on the strip	We stayed here two nights after driving down from the grand canyon. Parking in the large covered garage next to the hotal was free for guests. Check in was a breeze with short lines and the staff were helpful providing maps and directions for this large property. We had a king room in the west wing which was of a modern design. The room was comfortable. Breakfast is buffet style and there are plenty of choices for every taste and palate. The resident show at the MGM grand is KA by Cirque de Soleil and it was fabulous. A spectacular arena with some breathtaking acrobatic skills on display. It is well worth a visit.Just a short walk down the strip was Bellagio with its fantastic water fountain displays, everything on the strip could be walked to with little effort. The biggest problem is just the sheer numbers of people wandering up and down the strip at all times of the day and night but being one of the crowd is all part of the experience.	
Oct 7 2009 	West Wing stay with Prima	Stayed in a West Wing room on the 8th floor Oct 2-6. The room was small, as we expected, but it also was a little worn. There's no view in these rooms, housekeeping was inconsistent, and there were enough little things to make it annoying. I'm a Vegas veteran so I know what other options there are in town, and I would probably avoid the MGM in the future...except for one thing:The Prima program. It sounded like a good idea but turned into a GREAT experience for us. We took advantage of almost all the benefits, and easily spent the $500 that was required to do so. One show for two and a nice dinner and you're there. The 2-for-one drinks and entrees is a great deal, and the ability to move to the front of the line for the buffet and (especially) the taxi stand is just terrific. The MGM is (I believe) still the biggest hotel in the world, and getting to walk in front of the masses to get a cab was wonderful. I don't think the masses appreciated it as much as we did though!Other good stuff: Ka is simply amazing. If you want a jaw-dropping spectacular, see it. Craftsteak was a great dining experience. Wet Republic (also free admittance w/ Prima) was a good time, even for this 40-something. The 'scenery' alone makes it worthwhile! Not so good: The West Wing rooms aren't all that hot. Boutique-y, yes...but just getting old. The Sports Book needs a new, larger, home. Actually, the whole front of the place is a little disjointed. The main entry off the stip leads to a collection of the Centrifuge bar, with the Poker 'room' tucked behind it, then the Sports book wedged into what's effectively a large hallway, then there be lions. Oh, and Studio 54 is in that part of the building too. No real complaining, but it made for some serious navigating...Would I stay there again? If they continue with the Prima program, and the other hotels don't figure it out and create something like it on their own...yep. I'll probably opt for a suite or try the Signature or Skylofts...but Prima made it worthwhile and a lot of fun for us.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great big hotel. Loved the pool area.	I went to Vegas with my brother and sister. When we went to check in there was a long que but it was definately worth the wait. There was a boxing event on at the MGM that night so the rooms were quite heavily booked. When we went to check in i asked if it was possible to get a room up grade and was plesently suprised to a complementary upgrade to the MGM Signature junior suit which was just beautiful. Would definately stay here again. Must go the Cyote Ugly bar. And the pool was awesome.	
Oct 6 2009 	Check in mix up	I have stayed here 3 times before without any problems. Love it because of location, food and pools. We reserved a room with king bed non smoking. We checked in at 530 pm and was told by a not so accomodating person that he did not have a room with a king bed. he could put us in a room with 2 beds or we would have to wait until later when a room would be available. Later?? its already 530 well past check in time of 3pm. I asked him if there was any upgrades available and he said no. He then tried to talk me into staying in west wing, I didnt want that. he then found a room that was handicapped but had a king bed. So we were sent up to it and walked into a room that was a mess and had a big fan blowing into bathroom area trying to dry out floor and rug. so we had to go all the way back down to front desk. I went to a different person this time very friendly appologetic man and he immediately found a king room for us. Funny he had no trouble getting us a room but the first person did??? rest of stay was good.	
Oct 6 2009 	MGM Grand is the entertainment centre of Las Vegas	Hotel room was really nicely decorated and clean. Room service menu was excellent, although it took a while to get to the room. Nice, big hotel with all possible amenities, restaurants and bars. I can recommend this place.	
Oct 6 2009 	Disneyland for Grown-Ups	In four easy words: Trip of a lifetimeBy far one of the best hotel/casinos in Vegas. Fantastic mix of restaurants- McD's to the Buffet to Craftsteak. Casino is one of the best and kept very clean and modern. A very comfortable and friendly feel to it all. Not sanitised or shabby like other Casinos.Continous parties by the pool, average age of guest when we were there was mid 30's. Great location at top of the strip with easy access to the strip itself. Walking it at night was one of the best experiences I ever had.Airport, Outlet mall and ranges only 5 mins away by taxi . Requested a non-smoking room but was obvious someone before us was smoking in it, requested to change rooms and was moved straight away with no problems.Not a place to go if your looking for quiet relaxation and not much walking - a great experience in a city that never sleeps - cant wait to go back !! Enjoy!	
Oct 6 2009 	Stunning hotel with a great location.	I stayed at the MGM for 5 nights at the end of Sep 09. From the minute we walked into the stunning lobby, the service, cleanliness and everything you want from a hotel was impeccable. The swimming pools were great, casino floor was massive and the number of places to eat in was just in abundance. For the price we paid, I could not fault this hotel in any way, but if I had to, my only criticism about he hotel was that the nightclubs Studio 54 and Tabu were a &quot;lot&quot; smaller than expected. We had a great time at Studio 54 though on a weekend but Tabu was a bit of a let down during the week. All in all, a brilliant location and definitely a thumbs up from me. Tip: Use the check in desk in the airport for the MGM when you arrive in Las Vegas - no stress and booked straight through so you go to your room avoiding the queues, although I did note that they had a lot of staff on.	
Oct 6 2009 	MGM What a GRAND Experience!	Stayed at the MGM for 3 nights in August 2008, what superb service, what effective air-conditioning in such a exceedingly hot city. We arrived earlier than the standard check-in time and there were loasd of other waiting to check in but more check in desk were opened so we didn't have to wait more than about 5 minutes. Even though we were hours early we given a room straight away instead of having to wait till the standard check-in time, we said one of our group was elderly and could not walk far so we were given a room close to the lifts. What a splendid room it was; the beds were very comfortable, the view was fabulous right out across Vegas, and the bathroom, well I could have lived in it, it was SO luxurious! Tried several of the restaurants in the actual hotel, again superb service at all of them and different prices to suit all budgets. Lots of shops to browse around within the hotel too and fantastic relaxation facilities available, spa treatments and swimming pool. Just beware, if you're going to go see The Grand Canyon and book through the hotel it's really quite expensive. You can book it online for about half the price for a pick up from the hotel and will save yourself well over $100!When I next go to Vegas I will definitely be staying here again!	
Oct 6 2009 	Great fun and everything you need!	Enough said - this hotel is excellent!Everything you need you can find at MGM.	
Oct 6 2009 	Nice but could be better	While I thought this hotel was nice, I had a few things that really bothered me. Check in was really quite easy but then again we did check in at 12:30 a.m. on a Thursday morning. Staff throughout the entire hotel/casino were always friendly. This hotel is in need of some maintenance. Repeatedly the down escalators were not working throughout the hotel. It became a running joke that MGM was trying to save a little money by turning off the down escalators. The carpets are in major need of replacement or cleaning throughout. I have visited many hotels on the strip and unlike many others, this one does not have any sort of security when it comes to having access to the rooms. The walls in this hotel are not very sound proof. While using the washroom in our room, it sounded as if someone was right there in the room with me and we could clearly hear the neighbors alarm going off. One of my biggest disappointments was with the pool. The pool itself is very nice but you have to go through a small part of the casino, down a large hall which contains the upscale restaurants, shops and food court just to get from the room to the pool. If there was another way to get there, we were not told such information by the front desk when asked how to get to the pool.	
Oct 5 2009	Nice experience	It was very good, I loved the service at the concierge desk, Linda Lee was really nice, she did a great job when I asked her to help me to arrange a surprise for my sister's birthday (cake, baloons and champagne) She also helped me with some flight changes always with a smie on her face.The hotel is HUGE! although I stayed for 6 days, I couldn't meet the whole place, I got lost a million times!There are great restaurants, great stores and Wet Republic........awsome!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 5 2009 	Best Hotel in Vegas!	Been to vegas 3 times and every visit i have stayed here. Staff are always happy to help you, rooms are expectionally clean, maybe need updating a little bit. There are so many resturants to eat at, offering a wide choice of different foods. I would defintely recommend Diego's, the food was brilliant. If your looking for something more casual for a snack then wichcraft has a wide range of sandwiches. However expect to do a lot of walking, the hotel is massive.The pool area is great for sunbathing and cooling off in the hot weather, bar attendants walking around the poolside asking customers if they would like drinks, and there a few bars around as well to get food and drink from yourself.Location is pretty good, near to NY NY, Monte Carlo, PH, Excalibur and Luxor. You can catch the monorail train which takes you all the way down to the other end of the strip. The Duece bus also stops outside the Hotel so you can just hop on and go anywhere you like! Defintely one of the best hotels in Vegas!	
Oct 5 2009 	Great Hotel Great Experience!	The MGM had it all. It was our first trip to Vegas and the check in went very smooth. The Casino was huge and had everything you would ever need. The West Wing room was great. No complaints....the shower was big enough for two and the beds were very comfortable. The Italian Restaurant was very good. We asked to be moved to a nicer table since it was our anniversary and they obliged and also brought us a glass of champagne. The pool area was a blast. Sneak your drinks in your wives purses and put a book over them. They check but its more like a look and you'll love that you got through to drink the ones you brought. If not, you'll pay close to $10 a beer. Fun times for sure and highly recomended for a first timer!	
Oct 5 2009 	Great Hotel - even with kids!	This was our first stay at the MGM and we had a great time. We arrived around 8 pm and had no wait at check in. The staff was very helpful and explained the perks that came with our hotel stay (using a promo code found on fatwallet dot com). We had dinner at the buffet (very good!). Our room was nice including upgraded linens and soap/shampoo, etc. The furniture was a little worn, but not a big deal. The bathroom needed to be refreshed - needed a re-calk job on the bathtub - but was very large with marble floors and was clean.In the morning we went down to the buffet (free buffets were part of our promo deal) and again thought it was good - both in selection and quality - with good service. We checked out after visiting the lions. Overall I was impressed with the hotel. We are a non-smoking family with 2 little girls and I was worried about the smoke. But our room didn't smell at all and the casino was relatively well ventilated. We would definitely stay here again if we got a similar deal.	
Oct 4 2009 	MGM Grand Las Vegas	I have just returned from a 5 night stay at the MGM, I upgraded to the west wing in a king bedroom, We immediately took a dislike to this wing it is dark and unwelcoming and the room was so small with a view of nothing in particular.Beause we were so tired we stayed in this room for the night, the following morning I went to the front desk and complained I was immediately offered a room on the 26th floor overlooking the strip (what a diffrence).It is not cheap to eat or drink here and whilst I don't mind paying, these prices were just stupid.Whilst this is a glitzy hotel the rooms could do with refubishment and I/we thought it was expensive for what we got so if you can get a good deal then I would say go for it otherwise choose somewhere else. And last of all check in can be a nightmare long queues so be prepared to wait.	
Oct 4 2009 	Perfect Midrange Las Vegas	The MGM Grand is the perfect place to stay for your first time in vegas, the hotel is in a very good position and has good facility's that are kept clean and tidy.The rooms are plain and clean in the tower, I wouldn't recommend staying in the west wing. There are better places to stay if the budget can afford.Overall 7.5/10.Cheers,Brent	
Oct 4 2009 	Marble is not everthing in a Room	Stayed here for a three night comp. 45 minute check in and then the room was not ready this is 4 PM. Clock radio did not work the shower head was coming off the wall. Not expected from a four star Hotel. Also very loud at night in the hallways young drunks have no respect for others and no security did either. The two star we stayed at our first night was faster check in and eveything worked in the room but no Marble. Would not stay at MGM again even if it was no charge. But we did like Imperial Palace.	
Oct 4 2009 	Has to be done first time in Las Vegas	This is the place to go if you haven't been to Las Vegas before and want a mid-range experience which is good value for money. Whenever you come to Las Vegas you are always going to meet people who got the same room for half the price but this is a reasonable place.It is in a great position right in the centre of the strip and has the biggest casino in Las Vegas. You will get lost in this place. Food is aimed mid-market so there are many many places to eat which is affordable. My first shot in a buffet was over here, I had to do it but got carried away - never to be done again but my own fault for trying to get too much value for money!The pool area is great, please come in the spring and summer when you can really appreciate the outdoors.This place has the size that diffuses smoke so it isn't as smoky as it's neighbours.Inside there is a lion habitat which is a nice distraction, certainly worth a visit. There are clubs and bars, Studio 54 is the famous one which is okay, but dont miss the Centrifuge bar where all of a sudden the bartenders jump on the bar and start dancing, a pretty cool gimmick.Overall this place is great value for money, complete mix of people here and has the facilities to give you a great Las Vegas experience without having to leave the hotel. Also it connects directly with New York New York which is useful. Enjoy!	
Oct 3 2009 	Watch your payouts -- short changing frequently.	Like having the dealers cheat you? (Short changing your winnings on craps)?Like cold showers?Like aggressive/rude dealers (dark clouds)Like having no water for 1 1/2 hours?Then stay at the MGM! Want professionalism at every corner, stay elsewhere.Manager said no comps for the water situation. We argued, got comps. There is absolutely 0 reason why I should have to argue with the guy on getting something that equalizes THEIR problem. No wonder their casino is the low-end of the spectrum.Maids are awesome, most staff excels.. it's just a few bad apples that spoil the experience. No wonder you have to be drunk in this hotel, it's to 'overcome' the dark cloud dealers.I hate MGM, Monte Carlo was better. Bellagio was better. Even the Stratosphere was better. Maybe they will have the tiles in the bathrooms fixed, caulking fixed, lamps that don't work fixed, water heater fixed, pipes fixed, and a few other things before you get here.What a joke.	
Oct 3 2009 	Nice hotel and pool but rooms outdated.	Upon getting to check in we were told that our room was not available but it would be ready if we came back at 3PM. We had no problem with this as it is usually tough to get a suite before the check in time. When we returned at 3 we were told it would be another hour to get our room but they could give us a room on the 2nd floor with no view right away. Once again we decided to wait. We were told our room was ready and given our keys and when we went to the room housekeeping was still inside. We went back to the front desk to tell them and were told that housekeeping had been done with the room for over an hour. They wouldn't believe us that she was still in there so we just sat in the hallway for 15 more minutes and waited for her to finish. The room itself was a let down as the furniture is very outdated and in desperate need of renos. The casino and pools are great and you have no problem finding a chair by one of the many pools. We got a great rate for the suite but I would probably not stay there again even if it was the best price on the strip. There are many other hotels on the strip that have nicer rooms and way better customer service. I would recommend avoiding this hotel unless you are attending an event or concert in the hotel and don't want to have to take taxis.	
Oct 2 2009 	Loved this trip!	I loved this hotel. We did not have to wait in a long queue to check in however the concierge queue was quite busy when we had to use it. It was worth the wait however as they were very helpfull and printed off maps for us. The voltage on my hair straighteners was to much for the plug adapter and they even called round other hotels to see if i could buy new straighteners anywhere, he he!The hotel shop is quite pricey as is the drinks at the pool bar, $10 for a bottle of water at the pool. I imagine that this would have been the same at most of the hotels. The pools are amazing and there are plenty to choose from however it is about a 10 minute walk from the lobby to the pools and you have to walk past the restaurants and shops in your beach wear. The pool gets very busy at the weekends and plays very loud dance music, it didnt bother us to much but it may if you are looking to just relax.We went to see KA on our trip which is inside the MGM, this was AMAZING, you get free magazines handed out on the strip and we got a voucher that got us a discount on the tickets. We ended up in the front row and it cost $210. The show is superb and i would recommend it to everyone.We then bought tickets to O at the Bellagio for $340....not worth the money. Both my partner and i fell asleep during the show, we were extremely disappointed.There is a bus called the Duece that will take you from one end of the strip to the other including Freemont Street, Little White Chapel and the Outlet Centre. It is well worth the money and far better that the Monorail. You can buy a three day ticket which gives you unlimited use, 24 hours a day, i think it was $17? Bargain! You may not think you will use it as you want to walk but you will as there is so much walking that your feet will be killing you! ha haVegas is amazing and from looking in all the other hotels i would definately book into the MGM again. It was a great hotel with lovely rooms and so many facilities. I loved it and am already planning to go back.Let me know if you have any questions and i will be happy to try help.	
Oct 2 2009 	Had a great time!	This hotel is nice. We had a great time overall. The hotel was clean. Our room was a kind bungalow suite. It was very large...nothing fancy though. King bed with a seperate seating area. We were on the 15th floor in room 306. The bed was super comfy! We had a nice view. Only problem was that there was a drain problem. It made a weird noise for about 10 minutes after using the sinks. We just dealt with it though instead of calling for assistance. Didn't feel like the hassle. If I stayed there again, I wouldn't spend the extra $ on the upgrade though. Some of our family members had different rooms that were also very nice for a much better price. The time we spent in the room was minimal. And when we did....we were passed out!The casino was nice. More than enough slots. Would have liked to see more craps and roulette tables though. My husband liked the sportsbook room. The dealers were very friendly and made it fun. The table minimums dropped on the week days. They were higher on the weekends.. The hotel is at the end of the strip. Would have liked to have been closer to some of the other hotels like Bellagio and Caesars. The cab rides ranged from $6-$11 depending on the time of day and traffic.The food at the hotel was great. We ate at Wolfgang Pucks a few times. Everything we had was great but the steak, eggs and potatoes were AMAZING! We had that twice because it was so good. We also ate at the Wok and I also enjoyed it. Portions at both places were huge. We were even able to share 1 meal between the two of us. Emerils was awesome as well! We did the tasting menu and it was great.The pool was great! We spent our time at the lazy river. It's a very nice place to spend a day. Grab a frozen drink at Fat Tuesdays and lay out! :) The food at the restaurant by the pool was good as well.The hotel is HUGE and you'll spend a lot of time walking. Bring comfortable shoes. I spent my time in flip flops and it KILLED my back and feet. You'll need some support. Also, if you are cold natured...bring a sweater. I found the casinos to be quite cold. Would I stay again? Absolutely!	
Oct 2 2009 	Everything in one place. Great Value.	Get on the email list. Join the players club. We got a standard room for $49 during the week and 2 for 1 KA tickets. The elevators to the std rooms are right by registration. I don't recommend the west wing, small and the wrong end of the casino. The Signature is very nice and way too far from the casino. I like the casino because it's huge and not too smokey. KA is our fav Cirque du Soleil. Multiple Starbucks and Hagen Daz icecream. Great beds.	
Oct 2 2009 	First time visit	Stayed for 3 nights Sept. 2007 - first visit to Vegas. Didn't realize that we were at the far end of the strip so to get to other casinos could be quite a jaunt even though they looked close by. Room we were first given had someone's luggage in it, as if they hadn't left. Second room was ok, perfect for a business person travelling as opposed to a leisure visitor. Sparse amenities, but, on the other hand was only $59/night. Next time would stay a little more centrally located just to be able to get around better.	
Oct 2 2009 	Nice hotel massive queues horrible desk staff	MGM Grand Tripadvisor reportNice facilities, poor poor customer serviceBy the time my girlfriend and I arrived in Vegas we had a beast of a journey that had been delayed and was looking forward to crashing in a nice room. Unfortunately when we arrived at the MGM Grand we had to queue 45 minutes to check-in. It was busy, but we had only waited behind 5 people. We checked in which felt pretty painless, Then we walked through the casino got the lift up to the 12th floor and walked past 39 rooms until we arrived at ours. After this walk we are truly shattered and ready to rest. When we open the room we are greated by the smell of beer and sweat and the greeting “so you got the same room”. So we had to do the mammoth walk back to reception with all our bags. Clearly we do not expect to queue another 45 minutes to receive the service we have already waited patiently for. The hotel staff see this differently. We walked to the desk we had been served and asked the receptionist who checked us in if she get the attention of her supervisor or the management in order to deal with a problem with the room we had jut booked. She informed us the management were on the way to speak to us. This is the great part. The manager marched up to us and said “firstly if you want something you join the queue” and proceeded to explain that our failure to do so my upset the guests who are queuing. We appear to be deducted from this equation of the hotel wishing to keep their guests happy. I also explained that the purpose of the current interaction was for myself to bring a problem to the management, not the other way around. Eventually she started tapping something into the computers and my girlfriend and I discussed how ridiculous the whole situation was, at this point the manager got upset and demanded that we stopped talking about her and failed to recognise our right to a private conversation.  The charm-less member of the management appeared to be no older than 22 which could explain her temperament, and lack of ability to smooth over a simple problem without upsetting people because she is trying to protect her own ego. In a hotel this size I would generally expect the management to have enough experience to deal with most situations with professionalism and at least express some kind of empathy with the travellers they accomodate.I have to say that this is one of the worst hotel experiences of my life, it was made very clear to us that ultimately this establishment was not so in need of our business that it felt the need to treat us as human being and not just another number on their accommodation production line.As for the room and facilities it was all very nice, but it is very unfortunate that this has been overshadowed by the customer care.It is clear from looking at the very tempting hotel deals in Las Vegas right now that they are feeling the pinch and giving you alll kinds of freebies trying desperately hard to maintain a decent occupancy level, so whilst you can get a good deal on the rooms it does not appear that you should expect to be treated like a human being.	
Sep 30 2009 	Never again	Our room on the 13th floor of the West Wing was, at the largest, 12’ x 20’. There is no bathroom, only a glass toilet stall, a glass shower stall and a sink and shelves outside of that on the wall that backs the TV and closet. It is lined with mirrors for the illusion of a larger area, but it is tiny. For the price I expected much more than what we got. Also, it is not convenient to the pool area or shops, and the restaurants close early if they feel like it. This was my first time to MGM Grand, and will definitely be the last.	
Sep 30 2009 	Excellent	One of the Best trips of my life. Enjoyed Casino, Plays, Food, Service, Pool. Even 5 days stay was not sufficient enough to see and enjoy all facilites.I will be going back soon.	
Sep 30 2009 	AWESOME trip we had the time of our live	It was AMAZING!I travelled with my cousin and friend (we are 21 and 29)We were lucky in this hotel from the first second! we arrived late, around 11pm so no waiting line at the check in! then they asked us if it would be o.k. if we get an up grade to a celebrity spa suite (we had booked a deluxe room)! SURE, no problem (we didn't pay more for this room)!the room was great, BIG and the bed...yeah as said before the beds are like heaven, even if you don't use it a lot :)!we met a great group of people, in the elevator :) and we had only fun! especially the pooltime! the water was pretty warm, but whatever we stayed there from 1pm till 7pm in the water and with bottle service, nice :)!we stayed there from 5th till 8th of september so i twas very busy because of the memorial weekend. but we had fun and everybody was nice. it is HUGE but everywhere are signs and so you can't get lost. it is for a young growd, so not really kids friendly!If you come to party and having fun this is the place to stay! Tabu and Studio 54, weren't that impressing. We got free entrance, so you should stop by at the Studio 54 around lunchtime, because you can be on the guestlist then! free entrance for both clubs. I don't know if it is always like that.I really can recommend the drai's afterhour club, this was a really crazy place!!!If you are a man bring MONEY, if you are a girl bring dresses and high heels :D!	
Sep 30 2009 	David Copperfield's Show	My husband and I were VERY excited to see David Copperfield. He had come to the city we live in and we didn't see him and really wished we had so we decided to see him while were in Las Vegas. We thought for sure the show would be amazing. The show was to start at 10pm and last for 90 mins. When the show started at 10:10 it played about ten minutes of video footage of TV and movie clips mentioning his name. Okay, we know he is very talked about but I thought it was a waste of precious time, especially since it was only a 90min show. Then he comes on stage, and don't get me wrong, some the illusions were amazing but that was only about three of the illusions. The rest were just average. The show ended at about 11:25 so it wasn't as long as the people at the ticket counter said it would be. I thought it would be longer and I thought there would be more to the show, more illusions...there were only about 8 or 9.Bottom line: it was an average show and I would not see it again, nor would I recommend it to my friends or family. We also saw two Cirque du Soleil shows while we were in Las Vegas (O and KA) and those shows were amazing and worth every penny. We also saw Drew Carey who was in town for an improv night with a few other comedians. Again, totally worth it and a great night of entertainment. David Copperfield's show on the other hand was a little disappointing. I would recommend that you watch it on tv and save yourself $100, you will get the same illusions just not the atmosphere (which wasn't that exciting either).	
Sep 29 2009 	Wil Always Stay at MGM	Stayed at the MGM Grand Sept6-10. This was our 7th time and will definotely return again next year. You can't get a better deal than $68 a night with a $35 credit and free inner tubes for the Lazy River Pool. That pool is fantastic! Unfortunately it isnt open much later than Labor Day (except for weekends), but it is the perfect place to be on those 100 degree days. While we were there the buffet had an all -day special for $33. You can't get a sandwich and a drink for that!My only complaints are- each room should have a coffee maker. They cost next to nothing now and it would be nice not to have to walk a mile for a cup of coffee. Also, as some others have stated, the carpets need redoing. Stains are unacceptable. The beds are the best though! Like sleeping on a cloud.	
Sep 29 2009 	With So Many Choices There Has To Be a Better One	Although the rooms are nice, the amenities are cheap, bring your own Shampoo!! The room service for breakfast is expensive and the buffet restaurant is terrible. We tried a number of things at the buffet, but one thing was worst than the next. The casino floor reeked of smoke. The service was poor. People would put their meal trays outside their rooms and the tray would be there all day.	
Sep 29 2009 	Don't believe the negatives it was grand!!	I stayed in the West Wing with my wife for a week and before we booked she had read (and showed me) negative reviews on TripAdvisor. Don't believe any of them!The West Wing room is certainly not as big as the suite we stayed in the NYNY last year but it was more than enough for 7 nights stay. Anyone complaining about the size of these rooms is clearly spending too much time in their room, bringing too many suit cases or lives on a ranch. I agree its only large enough for 2 people but there is plenty of space for everything you need including luggage and its contents, as well as all the gear you should buy in the outlet mall a few miles away. Yes, there are only glass doors on the shower and toilet but they are heavily frosted and your cannot even see shadows through them!The beds were massive and just about perfect. My only complaint was that I found the pillows too soft - two in once pillow case fixed that!Lets get the other negatives out of the way:1. The hotel is massive and set over a large expanse. Unfortunately the pools (&amp; restaurants) and West Wing are at either side of this expanse so of course its gonna be a walk between the two. Before you head down to the pool just throw on a t-shirt or loose dress over your swimming gear and you'll be fine. Expect up to 10 minutes walking time to get between the two but trust me, it's worth it. There are so many lovely pools you have loads to choose from. I think it was the directors pool does not allow kids, which is good if you want a bit of quiet time. For LOADS more fun head to the Lazy Pool - a few hundred yards of winding heaven, powered by underwater currents means you can float about taking it easy - or swim against the current for a bit of exercise.Literally the only other negative I can include (and I have to for partiality) was that our room keys didn't work when we got to the room. This didn't bother me too much tbh as it has happened in many other hotels around the world and is certainly not limited to the MGM Grand. Reception fixed this immediately and even said if it happens again to call them and they would come up.Some choice positives:My wife managed to lose a key to our room and also the card with our room number on it. One of the staff at reception had this sorted within minutes and was extremely friendly. The buffet is excellent, although to be fair I have never seen any other buffet in Vegas but the choice and quality of food was amazing.Cleaning staff left our room immaculate every day.Perfect location - plenty of other good hotels around and the monorail is right at the back door.So many fantastic restaurants - I would recommend Pearl (Chinese) and SeaBlue (seafood) - awesome.There are so many positives I can't list them all here but wanted to add this article to counter any of the negatives about the room specifically, especially the size and location!! On a side note, for a bit of fin, hit Bills Gambling Saloon - I think this might be the only small scale casino left on the main strip.	
Sep 29 2009 	Everything was big including the room!	We stayed here for four nights and had no complaints. The room was big - it had 2 queen sized beds and a view over New York New York and Excaliber so we had great fun watching The Strip since we were next to or within walking distance to most of the main hotels. The room maids were a bit obcessive I think, every day our toiletries were straightened up and a couple of days they even tucked up our toothbrushes in a flannel (don't ask!). The only downside to it being so big is that it felt a bit impersonal but I guess that's just picking faults for the lack of any others. Oh, if you get the chance, book for a walking tour of the Grand Canyon with Grand Adventure, definatly the highlight of our trip.	
Sep 29 2009 	Loved MGM	We loved our stay at MGM Grand. We checked in at hte airport and it was a good idea, it was pretty quick, even though the women who answered us wasn't very nice. I'ts a very big hotel, it takes time to get we're you want to go but once you know your way it's not so bad. We had a room on the 15th floor in the grand tower. We had a great view of Excalibur and the NYNY. Our room was clean and spacious with a very comfortable bed. The grand pool complex is amazing, it was a lot of fun to spend some time there, especially in the lazy river. We ate at the food court a fiew time. We ate at the studio cafe and at the Rainforest cafe, witch we're great. The deli was OK, but Fiamma's was just awful. The 4 of us had a bad meal and it was really expensive. Don't go there. We spent 10 days at MGM and it was a great experience. All the staff we met we're nice and polite. We liked the casino atmosphere and the poker room, the lion habitat was great, we even saw 2 cubs one morning. The Deuce stops right in front of the hotel and the Monorail has a station right in the MGM, so even if the hotel is on the south endof the strip, it's really easy to travel up the strip. Centrifuge was a good place to have a quiet drink. If you want snacks or drinks buy them elsewhere because there expensive at the hotel. There's a wallgreen 5 minutes from MGM. All in all it was a great stay and i recommend this hotel to everyone	
Sep 29 2009 	Great value and a great time!!	My Husband and I stayed at the MGM Grand in a Grand Tower room on the 12th floor from September 21, 2008, to September 24, 2008, when we were in Vegas for a wedding. We have been to Vegas on four previous occasions. We were there during the week this time and had none of the problems other people complained about such as loud noises, too much drunken activity, dirty rooms, or lack of lounge chairs by the pool. At check-in, I tried to upgrade our room by slipping the check-in person a $20 and she didn’t take it so we just had a normal room with a decent view of the strip (and the roof of the building below). The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. We ended up having an extra person in our room sleeping on the couch and when I called housekeeping at 3 am they showed up within 10 minutes with pillows and blankets. I was really impressed by that especially given the size of this hotel and the fact that it was the middle of the night. The only complaint I would have is that there is not a mirror in the room itself -- only in the bathroom – so when we had several girls in there trying to get ready for the wedding it was difficult for everyone to get ready at the same time. The pool area was fabulous and we took advantage of the drink specials. We also saw “Ka” while we were there and it was phenomenal. Words cannot describe it. We liked it a lot but thought we probably liked “O” better which we saw on our last trip. We ate at Wolfgang Puck and a few of the other restaurants. The food was great and overpriced because it was Vegas, but it was yummy. We also had a bachelorette party at Tabu on Monday night and they were super helpful and nice. I had no problem with MGM’s location on the strip. I don’t usually wear very sensible shoes nor do my girlfriends so we take a lot of cabs when we are there so it wasn’t that big of a deal. We did spend most of one day at the Premium Outlets and there was really good upscale shopping there. They do rip you off on the wifi for $14.99 a day. I was pleasantly surprised by the MGM Grand and would stay there again – especially given the low prices we paid for our rooms.	
Sep 28 2009 	Nice Hotel Great amenities.........	Stayed for 5 nights, which was probably too long in Vegas. Not the greatest place for kids but the hotel was fine. A little bit dated, but good location and the pools were good for the children, even though they were a bit warm.The hotel had everything needed, with lots of restaurants and facilities. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE JAPANESE RESTAURANT. Great staff and fantastic food, only wished we found it earlier then we would have eaten there every night!!!!	
Sep 28 2009 	Possibly stay again	Me and my friend (both 21) stayed at the MGM from the 1st to the 4th Sept, we got there and the que was quite long and waited a while but we were too excited about being in Vegas that we didnt mind but other people might? Check in was good the woman was very polite and helpful.Its such a huge hotel that u easily get lost but we spent an hour or so looking around seeing what there was and there is so much you would need a mini map hehe.Our room was lovely great views we were on the 17th floor so we did quite well for views! Beds were so comfortable we didnt want to get up! Bathroom was cleaned everyday fresh towels, beds made everyday aswell.Its located at the south end so if you want to walk to the other end and see everything spend a day doing so, people say you cant walk from one end to the other but we did quite a few times but as i say we are both 21 so didnt find it a problem in the heat etc. I would stay again but i think the next time i go i may stay on the north/central end just so i can experience the otherside more.All in all the mgm is a good place to stay, it depends on how much walking you want to do as we did A LOT! :)	
Sep 27 2009 	I love MGM Grand	Me and my fiance stayed at the MGM five nights Septmber 13th through the 18th. I had a wonderful time. This was my second time at MGM and his first. I am a memeber of the players club and got a great deal. The rooms were only 49.00 a night and it was worth it. The rooms were clean, and spacious. MGM is so big that I missed a whole floor last time I came!!! If you want to just chill and relax you can do so by staying at the hotel and enjoying all the amenties they offer. The Cirque Du Soleil show at the KA theater was wonderful. Also, the lion exhibit was nice. The staff was nice and very helpful. Even though the lines was long to check in, it was no big deal because they were very nice about it. It's not the hotel's employees they have people wanting to stay there. MGM is my vacation spot when I visit Las Vegas again. I recommend this hotel to anyone considering traveling to Las Vegas.	
Sep 27 2009 	Would stay here again in a heartbeat!	Okay so I've read the reviews that compalin about the walking, yes, it is a big hotel, but seriously it's not THAT much walking. For anyone that walks on a daily basis it will be nothing, it's probably just most people that are used to driving everywhere all the time that complain. Our rooms were great, we stayed in the main tower, the beds were sooo comfy! The shower pressure was a little hard but that is really nitpicking, it's the only thing I noticed the whole time we stayed. The casino is great!!! We found it to be the luckiest one on the strip, and the buffet is to die for! The desserts alone are amazing, there are sugar free desserts as well, the carrot cake was my fav! This hotel is a great location on the strip, we went in July so got an awesome deal on rates and this will be in my top choices for coming back again!!!	
Sep 27 2009 	good but not great	Just back from a five night stay. We stayed in the grand tower &amp; had a view of the new york new york. I was happy enough with the room. It was big &amp; we had a couch, big bathroom &amp; a lovely king-size bed. the location is on the south-end of the trip &amp; if i returned to las vegas - i would go for somewhere more central. You can use the monorail but it involves a lot of walking and at 5$ one way- quite expensive. It cost us 20 $ to go up and down the strip once. You can use the deuce but then you get stuck in traffic. The hotel has loads of restaurants &amp; bars etc. The starbucks there was more expensive than san francisco which annoyed me a bit. But then everything is more expensive here &amp; at times I just felt really ripped of. The casino is quite dark &amp; smoky so did not spend too much time there but you have to walk through it to get anywhere! The pool area is nice also. Did not get drinks but they are available.	
Sep 27 2009 	Very good hotel with excellent value	I stayed at the MGM Grand for 5 nights in September. Booked through expedia and got a fantastic deal! After reading all the negative reviews I wasn't sure what to expect however the hotel didn't disappoint at all! Check-in was quick and the employee was friendly. The room was very clean and spacious.The bed was extremely comfortable!! The housekeeping service was fantastic, we would go to the pool every morning until about 1pm and our room was always clean by the time we returned. We had no problems with the elevators, after reading reviews about long waits for the elevator I though I would usually take the stairs but it is not an option to do that. The pool was amazing, 4 or 5 swimming pools with ample seating, spent most of the time at the lazy river which was awesome. Drinks at the pool were extremely expensive, I would reccomend buying something at the food court and bringing it in. This was my first time to Vegas and the location wasn't ideal. My boyfriend and I are very active and didn't think it would matter too much about the location of the hotel on the strip but the MGM Grand is a bit far. A lot of the shows we saw were at Tresure Island and around that area and it was probably a 40 min walk to get there. Next time I would stay a bit more central on the strip. Other than that no complaints at all!	
Sep 26 2009 	HUGE Place lots to do loved every moment what's all the complaining about????	My wife and I stayed here from September 21-25 to celebrate our 5 year anniversary and our 1st time to Vegas. After reading some of the reviews I was a little skeptical....but seriously what the heck is the problem with these people????? We both loved the hotel. It is huge, but there are signs everywhere and always a smiling hotel face to point you in the right direction. Cleaning staff is constantly cleaning all day long. I even saw a guy vacuuming the damn ceiling at 6:00am. Pool area is amazing. Room was clean and everything worked nicely. We only did the buffet one day and it was a good value. I would recommend this hotel to anyone in a heartbeat. Kudos to all the staff for making our trip enjoyable, but I guess with a hotel this size you are going to get one or 2 bad apples that just like to complain.	
Sep 26 2009 	A Few Complaints But Would Stay At MGM Grand Again	Our visit started off on a bad note because we stood in line to check-in forever because the hotel clerk was trying to sell a Primo deal to the customer in front of us, totally ignoring the line forming in front of her. When we finally got to the counter, the hotel clerk said she would upgrade our room to a higher floor, I am sure because she knew we were annoyed by our long wait when we were next in line. I think it is wrong for MGM to require their reservation clerks to try to sell expensive add-on packages in the check-in line. We enjoyed the rest of our stay at the hotel. The staff always greeted us as they went about their jobs, the hotel is huge, but has clear signs indicating where you want to go. The casino is very much alive with all kinds of people and activity going on all day and in to the night. The bed was very comfortable and the shower had good water pressure. Everything worked in our room, but it would have been nice to have a coffee/hot water machine and you had to pay for internet service, something almost unheard of today. Internet was $15 a day - we chose to NOT use our laptop we carried to Vegas and were not happy about it. Also, the carpet in our room was very worn and VERY dirty. We had nice brillant white bedding and then, the dingy carpet.Overall, our experience at MGM was a good one and we would stay there again, IF they quit charging for internet.	
Sep 25 2009 	Absolutely Brilliant	This is a really nice hotel. It is very big and can be difficult to find your way around but their are signs all around if you keep looking up.The room was really nice, air conditioning was good really needed as it is was very hot while we were there. The location is at the end of the strip but is on the monorail if you want to stay off the streets. It can be quite expensive but there are bars all around the hotel. If you like sport there is a gambling area where you can place bets on sporting activities. In the shopping mall there is lots of takeaway foods and ice cream bars. Also loads of designer shops if you are into that.I liked the hotel best for the accommodation and least that it was quite a long walk to get round everywhere.	
Sep 25 2009 	Won't be staying here again	The MGM is just too large for a good service. We upgrade to a celebrity spa suite as long as we charge $500 to the room, this wouldn't have been a problem, but we were put in a spa suite with and ajoining room and could her next door shouting and screaming all night. The next day we asked to be moved to a suite with no ajoining rooms and this was much better. The hotel is tired and needs an uplift. Queues to check in were awful and also to complain and make inquires etc, no personal service. Room was clean, but whole hotel smokey. Pool area too crowded and too many drunk people around.Trump was much better and will not stay at MGM again.	
Sep 25 2009 	2nd favorite	My friends and I stayed at this hotel a couple other times and we always have a great stay. We were greeted by bellmen and they took care of out some 20 + bags lol. We were given a very nice room with a view of the back. The beds all had down comforters and soft beds. The room had a movie MGM texture to it. Very nicely decorated. We had some issues with some lights and the AC but the front sent people right away to take care of the situations. The pool is amazing. It has a lazy river. The floats are kinds of expensive but we shared one for the day and it worked out. There are waterfalls and a couple other pools as well. Many great resturants to choose from. The buffet has a great brunch.. yummy! They have lions and sometimes little cubs you can see. If u want to see a great show see KA I loved it and would see it over and over again.	
Sep 24 2009 	MGM not so Grand! Very disappointing and poor service	We were really looking forward to spending our honeymoon in Vegas and had high expectations for MGM Grand but were seriously disappointed. The hotel was huge and although we were impressed with the overall size and grandure of the hotel, the room we stayed in was really basic, outdated and in need of minor repairs. The room didn't even have basic things like a tea/coffee maker or fridge, I've stayed in 3 star hotels that are more luxurious than this!I was surprised that people are able to smoke throughout the hotel and casino and if anything this only added to making the place feel like it was stuck in the 80s/90s!The customer service at MGM Grand was the worst we have ever experienced in America. I think due to the size of the hotel the staff don't have the time to be friendly or offer any personal service. This is the first hotel I've stayed at in a long time that did not offer complimentary WIFI ($15 for 24hrs) which was seriously annoying.On a positive note the pool facilities were impressive and the food at the hotel restaurant was good (despite the long slow queues and poor service).I would certainly not stay at the MGM Grand or recommend it!	
Sep 24 2009 	not a honeymoon hotel!!!	well the mgm certainly lives up to its name. it is massive. the hotel itself was very clean and very well air conditioned but was always very lively no matter what time of day. the rooms were clean and the bathrooms well equipped. my only criticism would be that there were no hot drinks facilities in the room and i personally like a cuppa when i get out of bed without having to trek miles to get one. although there are 3 starbucks on site! the restaurants were always full and the menus looked good, if a little expensive for our budget plus we are vegi and the choice was not as good as else where. i would strongly reccommend Denny's down near Harrahs, although there is one being built up by MGM. the onsite nightclubs always had queues to get in with guest lists starting mid afternoon. we didnt venture that way as we were on honeymoon and were too caught up with the sites and sounds of vegas. handy location for travelling along the strip, wih its own monorail and also a bus stop outside. dont expece any extras from mgm grand. we were travelling on our honeymoon and we didn even get a congratulations. it seems that mgms policy is pack em in and ship em out. lacks a personal touch that was apparent in other hotels. For me if i were to go back to vegas i would be heading for the venetian.	
Sep 22 2009 	Would absolutely reccomend this hotel and we are staying there again.	We stayed in a spa suite and got it at a great rate. We tried to check in early but they did not have a room available. When there still was not a room at 3 we complained and they gave us credit at our choice of a few restaurants. That was our only negative, the casino was clean and fun, the food where we ate was very good, the staff was friendly and helpful. we are going back in March '10 for my folks 50th and staying at MGM, west wing. We liked the MGM very much!	
Sep 22 2009 	Average experience.	It took a long time to check in and out because of the line ups at the front desk. Unlike the other hotels on the strip, the decor is not spectacular. You could not spend an enjoyable hour looking around the hotel, like you could at New York, New York and the Monte Carlo (for example). The room was very clean and quiet. Someone was smoking pot in their room, and we had to inhale it whenever we walked to or from our room. We noticed it the second night and complained the next day. The front desk person offered to give us a new room, but we only had one night left and didn't feel like moving. She said that she would send security up and get them to stop smoking pot, but nothing changed. The pool was really nice, but it was only open from 11:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. You had to walk through the casino to get to the pool, the buffet, the arena and everything else. I imagine all the hotels in Vegas are like that, but because the casino in the MGM Grand is so big, it felt like you were walking through it forever.We felt that for the money you are paying, it is not worth it.	
Sep 22 2009 	GREAT DEAL AT THE MGM	We stayed here in Febuary when we came for Nascar so we knew what to expect.Check-in was a breeze and the room package we booked was explained to us and a print off given of what was included. we paid $69 per night and this included all day buffet and 2 poolside cocktails. We found the buffet to offer a decent selection and as we were only there 2 days we never got 'bored' of what was on offer, we found the breakfast to be excellent and especially enjoyed the corned beef hash !!!. We never bothered with lunch so i can't comment there ( the rate was so cheap it didn't even matter whether we ate there at all !! )The room ( large ) was in good condition and this time we had a view of Hooters and the airport - i have to say we enjoyed this more than the strip view earlier in the year !!Someone had left the safe locked when we got in the room so i had to call to get someone to fix it, within 15 mins secruity arrived and the problem was sorted ( i can't figure whether some people think its funny to leave the safe locked or whether they are just plain stupid, either way its not FUNNY ) There was a problem with the sink draining slowly, we never complained as it was not a problem but after the first night there was a note left by maintainence advising there was a problem and they had fixed it - great service.A special note about the cleaning - we have found the maid service to be one of the best in Vegas.We did find drinks hard to come by this trip and found the slots here quite tight. We didn't use the pool or the restaurants this time but know there great. The food court is very handy also.After 2 great nights here it was off to the bellagio for 5 nights - fantastic and well worth the extra if you get a good deal. All in all i now think the MGM is the best value on the strip at the moment, they even offered us a free 4 night stay in October when we checked our players cards on-line upon arriving home !!!! i think twice a year is enough for a Brit ( i would go more but can't afford it )Good luck with the MGM	
Sep 22 2009 	Fun stay not the best service..	I booked a room at the MGM for my birthday vacation to Vegas. I got a pretty good promotion deal through their website which included slot play credit, complimentary access to Studio 54 or Tabu, and free spa access fees as well. Checked in around 5 pm, and pulled car into valet lane. The bellman that took our keys noticed that we had a ton of luggage, but did not ask if we needed a cart to help load everything in. I tried to get his attention several times, but finally ran over to have him call someone to help. There were a few people in each line checking into the hotel when we arrived, and there was a staff member sorting the lines so it wasn’t a mess. When we got to the desk, the front desk agent seemed annoyed, as the previous guest’s reservation could not be found-prompting the guest to get angry and finally walk to the business center to print a confirmation. The agent was a little rude until he found out that I was celebrating a birthday. He then proceeded to offer me the PRIMA card deal. I politely declined, as he continued to tell me about all the perks it included such as VIP/comp access to the 2 clubs inside the hotel etc. (My package already included the access to the club, and there was not even a line when we went) Again, I said I wasn’t interested. Once more, he tried to convince me I needed it since it was my birthday and I could use it at all of their hotels. Finally annoyed, I told him I wasn’t planning on using $500 on their properties for my short stay. From that point on, he seemed annoyed with me and answered the rest of my questions with very short answers, and looked at me if I was stupid when I asked how to receive the credits that came with my package I booked. He then assigned me the last room at the end of the long hall. Customer service definitely needs some improvement, at the front desk at least. It seemed as if every other guest in line was having problems and complaining about something they had screwed up on. On the other hand, there were things I really liked about the hotel. Fat Tuesdays downstairs was a plus, and I loved sending my boyfriend for our morning Starbucks that was in the food court at the hotel. The casino was fun, nice atmosphere. We bought 24 hr. monorail passes, which left from the hotel so that was convenient. The beds were very comfy, nice duvet covers. We ate at the Italian restaurant Fiamma, which was pretty good-staff not the greatest. Overall, it was a good trip but I didn’t think the hotel staff met up to their customer service expectations.	
Sep 21 2009	Great locqation stuf service and pools!!!	We stayed there for 2 nights and it was the best hotel of our trip! It was clean, the room cozy and large. The beds were very comfortable and the sheets soft. The hotel has many shops, restaurants, and the best pools. It's great for young people and children. We definitely suggest this hotel for your stay in Las Vegas.	
Sep 21 2009 	GOOD	Travelled for two nights with my partner 14th-16th of Sept. I couldn't fault the MGM - used the airport check-in which had noone in the que which was excellent.My Grand Tower room was clean spacious and had an excellent view. (beds to die for so comfy). Bathroom again had everything I needed.Food &amp; Drink - only ate in the food court for breakfast as we went exploring. Drank in the Central Bar (can't remeber name) all good fun dancing on the bar etc etc So many choices of Bars and Resturants so won't be dissapointed.Pool was excellent so clean big no shortage of sun beds , image its a place to avoid at the weekend.All in all the were people of all ages staying while I was there so this hotel caters for all it so big you won't get bored. Enjoyed my stay and would reccomend to anyone.	
Sep 20 2009 	better than expected good experience would stay again	Stayed for two nights 7th to 8th September. Got a grand tower room on the 16th floor. (16-211) Declined the upgrade when checking in. Check in did take a while a lot of people all checking in. we checked in at 4.20pm but they had a lot of staff on. It just takes a while ( I always end up in the slowest line). I was apprehensive about the room having read tripadvisor but it exceeded my expectations. Clean, up to date, large enough for 4 people, there were some very minor flaws but nothing that affected us. We had a partial view of the strip towards planet Hollywood hotel and stratosphere and out across the city. It was quite nice actually to sit at the end of the day and look out . It is a buzzing place lots of people downstairs. The bars were good. We walked up the strip and visited every hotel as far as the Venetian. We thought the MGM had more people and buzz than most. we didn't get a chance to use the pool facilities but they looked great. The Mandelay Bay and Luxor were relatively dead in comparison. It is a long walk up to the Venetian, we took the mono rail which stops at MGM. We didn't go there to gamble just to see the sights, we didn't go to any shows. We had read it was a long walk to the rooms but I didn't think it was that bad we were about half way along the wing of the tower. It is big so a map is useful for the first day.I would stay there again. I had a better experience than I had anticipated.	
Sep 20 2009 	Fabulous and cant wait to return	Many friends have been to Vegas and had a varied preference to which hotel to stay at but my boyfriend had been before and stayed at a few and so we decided on the MGM one he had been to before. The MGM is superb on a number of levels.1- Location on the strip is supber with monorail stop at the hotel, walk over the walkway to the New York New York and a short walk to Monte Carlo, Bellagio, Paris and many more2- Best and largest choice of restaurants of any of the hotels3- Tabu really cool bar/club and Studio 54 is also pretty good4- Probably the best bed, pillows and duvet ever! not that you sleep much but when you do sleep is heavenOne point which I would like to suggest is to hire a car, something that I would not have thought of but we did as we drove to San Francisco after but it was a real bonus to have the car and would def do it again. You get to see so much more if you have a car all the self parking car parks at the hotels are Free (most unusual for any city) if you do hire a car drive out to Red Rock Canyon only a 20-30min drive and fantastic views.Vegas has so much more to offer than just gambling and when I go back as I most certainly will I would stay again at the MGM as it has everything you need, lovely bedrooms, great choice of restaurants, great position on the stip and an amazing breakfast at the Grand Buffet for just $16 inc tax per person which is amazing for the food which will set you up for the day. Some of the other hotels are lovely but MGM for the price is the one for me as excellent value for money. Vegas also has some of the nicest staff.	
Sep 20 2009 	Why oh why did we upgrade the room?	Total waste of money upgrading to a West Wing room instead of the standard Grand Tower rooms. The room was tiny, the window was tiny and the view was obscured by another building outside. My initial request of a high floor was totally ignored. Some of the problems initially with the room:1. The light in the shower didnt work. When maintenance did come to fix it, he left plaster and debris lying in the base of the shower. 2. There had been recent repairs to the blind in the tiny window. All the parts were left on the window sill and remained there for the entire trip.3. There is a STUPID system with the lights. Whenever housekeeping tried to get into the room, all of the room lights came on. Not nice if it had been a heavy night the night before and you wanted a few hours extra in bed.4. The corridor was a shortcut through the casino. God help the people unfortunate to stay on the ground floor. 5. The cheaper rooms were FAR nicer than the West Wing rooms. The corridors were dark, seemed dirty and had a weird smell. 6. No segregated bathroom. It was just round the corner from the sleeping area and all you had to hide your modesty was 2 glass doors. 7. The lifts were old, dirty and most of the TV screens in them didnt work. This hotel has gone down in standards seriously in the past couple of years although the staff were out of this world and would do anything to help you. If you are staying here, I recommend you DONT upgrade to West Wing. However it is in an ideal location and very reasonable.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great Value for Money...	We have just returned back from Las Vegas, staying at the MGM Grand. Overall the hotel is in a great location at the end of the strip. when we arrived we were given a room in the new west wing on the ground floor. This room is small and only has a small window and staying for 6 nights in that type of room would not have been pleasent . we asked to move to the main part of the hotel, which they did with no problem. Make sure you take the map of the hotel with you when you first arrive, just due to the size. Great value for money and i would return.	
Sep 19 2009 	Worth every penny	MGM Grand.We stayed at the MGM from 27 August to 30 August in a standard room and could not fault a thing. The room was immaculate and contained everything we needed for our stay. The pool was superb for browning in the hot Vegas sun and the casino for me is one of the best on the strip. This is a great location for getting out and about on the strip with the monorail departing to and from the MGM. One night we ate in the Nobhill Tavern and can honestly say it was the best meal we had during our two week stay in the US the food quality &amp; service were quite simply as good as it gets. Worth every penny.	
Sep 19 2009 	Clean and quiet	Just got back from Las Vegas. Stayed at the MGM - West wing. Worth every penny. Check in was a breeze. We got to the resort at 11Am and figured we would have to wait to get into our room because we arrived so early. Not so! Even though there was a line up to check in and a huge line up for people checking out the lines moved quickly and efficiently... even with the reduced staff on hand. We were booked and given our room early which was a big bonus. Maid service was fantastic. Very clean/quiet room and comfortable king bed. Large selection of resteraunts and a decent buffet. Nice pool with bar service. Make sure you take advantage of the Spa which is a little pricey but hey, everything on the strip is! So bring lots of cash and have some fun.	
Sep 18 2009 	Disappointing Service! From the perspective of a hotel manager.	Our trip was booked through US Airways Vacations because we had found a great deal on their website. Four couples in four rooms but on separate flights. Two couples arrived earlier in the day. We arrived at MGM on Saturday, September 12th 2009 around 2:00pm. The bell staff unloaded our luggage from the taxi and gave us a claim ticket to use once we reached our room. We were instructed to go inside toward the large video screen to check-in with the front desk staff. There are at least ten or more people working the massive desk (not including the concierge staff). The lobby has no ropes or lines guiding the continuous groups of people checking in or who are in need of assistance so everyone just gathers in a disorganized cluster to await assistance. Once we finally reached the desk we gave a young lady named Jennifer our names. After about 10 minutes of searching for our rooms Jennifer informed us that our reservation had been canceled on August 8th by US Airways. This was incorrect because the reservation was confirmed on that date. Jennifer also let us know that we would be able to stay at MGM but because it was Saturday we would have to pay high rack rate…$699.00 per night. This of course infuriated me and the others in my party. Unfortunately I had left my confirmation on my kitchen counter in the rush to get to the airport for departure early that morning. I asked where the business center was so that I could print the confirmation from my email. The business center is located just off the lobby. Be aware that it is not complimentary and it costs $5.00+ to use the internet. To date I have two charges on my bank account from LogicLink which is MGM’s business center. One is for $19.50 and one is for $15.00, I only used the business center the one time. We returned to the “line” in front of Jennifer as she instructed since she knew the situation. After waiting 30 minutes, because another couple ahead of us was having a problem, I gave Jennifer our confirmation from US Airways. It took just a moment to miraculously find our reservation. Our names had ALL been misspelled by whatever employee at MGM entered the information from US Airways Vacations. I’m still confused as to how Jennifer found by name a cancelled reservation but not the confirmed reservation. By this time one of our traveling companions had made the walk to the front desk from the pool to offer assistance. They had arrived earlier in the day and confirmed our reservations while they were checking in. They had also paid for an upgraded West Wing room versus a Grand Tower room which was the room type for our package. Because of the trouble with finding our reservation, Jennifer offered to upgrade the final two rooms to the West Wing and added a free meal at the Grand Buffet. I felt this was a nice gesture and was ready to forget the whole incident. I had called on September 1st to request a room on an upper floor with a Strip view. (So how did the person I spoke with at that time find our reservation if it was canceled on August 8th?) Jennifer did tell us that our new room was on a lower floor so the view wouldn’t be as good. I was ok with having a lesser view for the better room. The West Wing is quite a walk from the front desk and you are not escorted by a bellman so if you are unfamiliar with the hotel it can be quite challenging, especially after a frenzied check-in that leaves you somewhat discombobulated. Once we arrived at our room located on the 2nd floor I immediately began to wonder what about the room was an upgrade. The room was no larger than a Grand Tower room although it did have a more modern bathroom which included a walk in glass shower. The glass door to the water closet/toilet does not have a lock which is unnerving if anyone other than your spouse is in your room. I then opened the window to see our view. It was literally of a cement wall, a loading dock and a dumpster. Although Jennifer informed us the view wouldn’t be as good she should have explicitly told us that it would be NO view and I would have stayed in the Grand Tower room. Immediately I called the front desk to find out if another room was available on an upper floor. At this point Rachel answered the call and I explained the situation. She told us a room on the 8th floor in the West Wing was available. This further angered me because the 8th floor room should have been offered in the first place to accommodate our previous request. Rachel apologized and said that a bellman would be up to escort us to our new room within 10-15 minutes. While we waited for the bellman to arrive another guest opened our door and entered the room. He said; “This is my room”. He left and went back to the desk. The front desk had already re-assigned the room and given out a key before verifying we had been moved. This also tells me that housekeeping is not required to inspect rooms between guests that are being moved if necessary. The bell staff called before bringing the new room keys to get our luggage claim number. Hohns was the bellman who delivered our luggage and brought the keys. He escorted us to the new room. When we arrived the door was ajar and the deadbolt locked out to keep the door open. Hohns opened the door and proceeded into the room. Once inside we noticed there was a bathroom scale sitting on the chair in the room. The bed had been made and the room looked clean at first glance. Once again I looked out the window as that was the reason for moving. Again, it was of a wall although if you looked up you could see other buildings on the Strip. At this point we were ready to give up on having a decent view, we were very tired and ready to settle and get on with vacation. Hohns unloaded the luggage and we tipped him and sent him on his way. Because I was so preoccupied with the view I hadn’t looked at the bathroom before Hohns left which was a huge mistake. When I opened the water closet there were no towels on the shelf, a hanger left by a previous guest, the toilet paper was hanging down to the floor. Then I opened the shower to find it still dirty as well with water sitting in the floor. No amenities such as soap, shampoo, bath gel had been placed in the room. We had been moved to a dirty room. Now I am absolutely furious.I called the front desk and asked to speak with a manager. After holding for 10 minutes, and I did watch the clock, I hung up the phone and had to call back. Ambrosia was the name of the lady who took this call. She wanted to know what the call was in reference to rather than immediately putting a manager on the phone. I went through the entire situation with her once again and asked if she would be able to help me otherwise direct me to a manager. Ambrosia placed me on hold only to come back and say that they could move us to another room and offer nothing else. Ambrosia’s tone was dismissive considering the very valid complaints that I had provided. She also did not apologize for the problems so I asked to speak with her manager. Airdell was the supervisor/manager who then took the call. He said that he had been listening to the conversation with Ambrosia and that she was correct in that nothing could be done at that time other than moving us to another room. They also couldn’t guarantee the room was going to have a better view. Airdell said that if we wanted a room with a better view we could call the desk Sunday morning to be moved. Once we unpacked moving was NOT an option. Both Airdell and Ambrosia basically skirted all the other problems and offered no apology. They did however blame the housekeeping department for turning in a dirty room as clean for a guest arrival. By this time it was around 4:30pm, two and half hours wasted. We were all together exhausted with dealing with the hotel staff, reservation and room issues. I told Airdell to get us into a clean room no matter what the view. He told me that we were going to be moved to another room on the same floor. Before he hung the phone up I could hear the room number we were being assigned and immediately went down the hall to 8515. We moved our luggage ourselves and stood in the hallway waiting for the keys to arrive. After about 10 minutes standing in the hallway a suited member of the staff approached us without introducing himself although it was clear he was bringing the keys to the new room. He asked for our identification which I appreciated for security. The gentleman did not offer any apology on behalf of the hotel or escort us into the new room. He simply handed us the keys and walked away. No more than “May I see your ID” was uttered from his mouth without even addressing us by name. Once inside room 8515 I immediately investigated the entire room and the view. The room was clean and the view although not ideal was much much better. We could see the desert in the background as well as the Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Excalibur and if you looked to the hard right the Statue of Liberty at New York, New York. All of this was across the roof of some part of MGM. This final room although clean and with a better view did have a problem. The security latch on the inside of the room was broken. The only way to lock the door was by deadbolt. At this point were so thoroughly disenchanted that the lock being broken was almost comical. Of course I did NOT call the desk because none of the other calls resulted in any major response from the management. We simply went on with our 3 day vacation. Our situation speaks volumes about the MGM Grand and the manner in which they handle guests. It just so happens that on the day after we returned home I was watching a show called “Extreme Megastructures” and wouldn’t you know that MGM Grand was one of those structures. With thousands of rooms this behemoth property is a revolving door of guests and it seems that unless you are a VIP or high-roller you are just another number that can be forgotten or overlooked. As a manager of a luxury hotel in my hometown I understand the way guests should be treated and the way problems should be dealt with to put guests at ease. MGM does not deserve its AAA Four Diamond rating if my experience is similar to others. My suggestion is to book a room elsewhere!!!!	
Sep 18 2009 	Biggest hotel in Vegas no denying that one...good stay!	Ok, so I stayed at the MGM Grand in the middle of August 2009 for 4 nights. We were in the Grand Tower (we turned down the upgrade as we knew these rooms would be bigger and give us more space), I stayed on the 15th floor, didn't have a view of the strip but that didn't really matter.The hotel itself is vast...in fact that word doesn't even cover it! As other people have said, it takes ages to get out to the strip but that is the same with most of the hotels as they are set back from the strip itself.The room was big, comfortable and had air-conditioning, which was much needed in the 105 degree dry heat! There are a huge number of restaurants and bars as well as the lion enclosure (although don't get me started on that)...and the casino is MASSIVE...my sister one $160 on her second draw of a slot machine, on her 30th BD (albeit at 4am with jetlag!)...We ate at the Sushi restaurant one night, it was AMAZING. Expect to pay around $50 per person for most evening meals with drinks. That same night we saw &quot;KA&quot; the Cirque Du Soleil which plays at the theatre in the MGM. As guests we got 40% off the ticket which meant that we could get really really good seats for about $80 each. The show was out of this world. I've been lucky enough to see 4 of the Cirque Du Soleil productions at the Royal Albert Hall in London but nothing beats seeing it in its home venue. The staging was definitely the star of the show, it will have you gasping in amazement at how much it adapts and moves.The main trip we did was the Helicopter trip over the GrandCanyon and I would say it is well worth the money. The views were amazing and the trip didn't end up taking a whole day which is good when time is short!I think next time I go to Vegas I'll definitely stay a bit further up the strip as MGM is at the bottom, and hey, if I win the lotto I'll be at the Bellagio!	
Sep 17 2009 	Great Pool...lots of opotions.	This hotel is large and has lots of amernities. The pool is GREAT with poolside waitresses. Loved the big casino and being RIGHT on the strip. We enjoyed Club 54 and Wolfgang Pucks without breaking the bank.	
Sep 17 2009 	Wish everything in Vegas was such good value	We stayed in a celebrity spa suite for two nights, and it seemed incredibly cheap, possibly because it was midweek. The bedroom was huge, but the star was the bathroom with a jacuzzi, double basins and walk-in shower. The only negative point was the line at the check-in desks.	
Sep 17 2009 	Definitely Coming Back! very few negatives...	For my first visity to Las Vegas, I was pretty happy! When you think of Las Vegas hotels, the MGM Grand is one that jumps to mind for me and so I decided to book a 4 day/3 night stay with them. We arrived at 9AM, CHECK-IN wait was fairly short (we waited about 9 minutes), the bell-hops took our back because we couldn't get to our room until 11AM but they gave us our key cards and a number to call to find out what room we were in, pretty convenient! The Hotel room was very nice, except you could hear people in the room above/below through the air vent which was by the window. It made me off after I'd been out all night and was trying to get a LITTLE sleep. There was no MINI-FRIDGE, which I found to be very odd, but we made do without one. The lobby was beautiful, the hotel casino area was cool (we didn't gamble really), the POOLS were GREAT (the salt water was much nicer than a traditional chlorine pool!!), there was always lawn-chairs available. DO NOT pay to get into WET REPUBLIC though, its not worth it for a DJ and a nicer chair. Drinks are VERY expensive in the hotel &amp; pool, but there are liquor stores/convenience stores like 1 to 2 blocks away from the hotel complex, so I recommend you go there instead of spending $50 on a bottle of rum and $3.00 for a 20 oz. Coke!If you are there to NIGHTCLUB, Studio 54 &amp; Tabu are right in the hotel, and Club Rok is across the street in the NEW YORK NEW YORK. I recommend Studio 54 and Rok, they are pretty good and close by! Drinks are expensive though! ALSO, there is a LIVE LION EXHIBIT in the Casino! That was really cool because you get close to the lions, and you can even have a session with one of the Lion cubs (for money of course)!Check out took a while, but they still let us leave our bags with the bellhops and go to the pool while we waited for our flight.The Location isn't the closest to the rest of the famous places on the Strip, but they do offer a monorail (kinda pricey, but less than a cab) to take you South on Las Vegas Boulevard, but if you walk you see lots more things anyways!I would stay in the MGM Grand again, I really liked the layout of the hotel and what it had to offer was great considering how much money we spent for our stay! I was very happy!	
Sep 17 2009 	Excellent	This is a very large hotel. Be prepared for walking. Despite its size, there is a great deal of attention to detail. They provide every ammenity. There is a large choice of foods, both types and price. The pool area is great and so is the Spa. The location is a bit from the other hotels, but only a very short bus or taxi ride. I can only say good things.	
Sep 16 2009 	Loved it	Stayed for 4 nights in a Celebrity Spa Suite 7 Sept to 11 Sept. Room was great, located on the 21st floor at the end of the corridor. Room was very spacious, well equipped and very quiet (probably as we were at the end of the corridor). The bed was massive and very comfortable.We had booked the deal that included the Grand Buffet and had no complaints. There is a very good selection of food, so could try something different each meal. Food includes carvery meats (turkey, beef and ham), Italian, .Mexican and Sushi to mention but a few. We found the food to be hot and tasty . There was also a good selection of fruit included as a healthier option, for those who could resist the wide selection of desserts. We were surprised to find the buffet included soft drinks and tea/coffee. The pools were lovely., We preferred the lazy river pool as it was the quietest. The other pools played music all the time.The hotel is very big and can take a while to get to the pool and to the strip, but we were happy to trade this for the location of the room. If you stay near the lifts it is likely to be noisier, due to the number of guests. We used the MGM airport checkin facility located in the terminal 1, near baggage reclaim and and were allocated our room and given the key at 10.00, which was a real bonus.Used taxi to and from hotel, which was quick and easy.Overall we were delighted with the hotel and would happily stay again	
Sep 16 2009 	much better than expected	good hotel ok location amazing deals avalialbe buffet a bargain for the price if get all day passamazing pool area my fav in vegas by farwe had lovely strip view grand tower roomcasino a little impersonal thoughotherwise very decent for a bargain price(cost us 60$ a night including all food gamimg tokens and some drinks..for 2!!!)	
Sep 16 2009 	What a silly sad place	3rd time to Vegas - 1st to MGM Grand - Stayed over Labor Day Weekend in West WingThis place was a mad house. Absolute drunks flopping around at all hours of the day. You were lucky if they had clothes on. Seriously. Check-in was miserable. There were no lines. Only masses of people. Not too mention everything about my reservation was wrong. Wrong room, wrong amount of beds, wrong promotional code. I tried to argue about the promotional code b/c I was owed $25 in slot play, $35 in food, and 2 free drinks @ the pool. Lady behind the counter says I cannot have that, that it is not the promotion I booked. I was prepared and pulled out my online reservation clearly stating my promotion and what it came with. Suddenly lady no speak English. I had things to do I didn't have time to argue with her. At least she gave me 2 free inner tube rentals that were almost the same value as the slot play. That was sweet. Never used them but thanks MGM for the reparations.The majority of the male drunks had one too many protein shakes and steroid injections. I wanted to tell some of them that when you work out you should probably include leg workouts as well, but they will figure that out when those toothpicks snap under the tremendous weight of their HGH-infused upper bodies. For the rest of this post I will call them The Beef.The women drunks - don't get me wrong there were some cuties stumbling around this hotel, but the majority were absolute trash with their chests hitting them in the chin. Many of these over 30+ women think that because they have these enormous plastic chests that it gives them the right to walk around the hotel in only their swim wear. And thongs. Flabby butts, chunky thighs, and cellulite galore. I nearly threw up at the tables numerous times. Pool area was nice, but infested with the beef men and the skanks in high heels w/ too much makeup. I took a dip in the waterfall pool where nobody was because they didn't want to ruin their hair. The water was very nice, crisp, and refreshing! I then went around the lazy river where all The Beef brothers stood for hours at a time drinking and giving high-fives. The water felt 15 degrees warmer. And it was a lot less blue. I will not begin to speculate why. I will add that the restrooms at the pool area were very clean, as if unused. That was nice.Best part of the hotel was the room. Many people complain about the West Wing. I thought they were awesome. Small yes, but great use of space. Stand up shower was great. Water pressure was adjustable and a shower head on a chord to wash those hard to reach places. TV in the mirror is a great idea too. Also the bed was one of those Heavenly bedsets that I've had at Westin hotels before. Amazing. Best bed I've ever slept in.Went to the Trattoria restaurant. A little pricey but great. Got a table right next to the walkway from the pool to the casino area. Ate right around the time the pool closed and all the drunks were coming back. True hilarity at its best if you enjoy people-watching.Food court is good when looking for a cheap and quick eat. Especially after losing money at the tables. Dollar menu.I had already seen Ka on a previous trip. Flat-out awesome. Go see it. I've seen many Cirque shows including that overpriced water one at the Bellagio. This one was my favorite. Cut out a lot of the time-wasting lame clown comedy and had more incredible action. The stage is mind-blowing.By the way this hotel is BIG. It is not a Marco Polo trek like some make it out to be, but it is more walking than any other hotel I've ever seen. The hallways go on for miles. And the elevator service is horrible. If you are on the fourth floor and trying to go down suck in your gut because it is a fight to squeeze into these overcrowded things. They probably need about 3 times as many elevators as they have.Overall, the nice bed and cozy room save this from a 1 star rating. I'll give it 2. Would only stay again if I got an insane deal. Like if it was fully comped or they paid me.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great	We stayed here for 1 night only, as a treat for the family that we were holidaying with. We weren't disappointed, the rooms were fabulous, and the hotel more than we expected. My husband lost his credit card while we were there and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. It's a large hotel and was busy, but they they took time to help and made us feel that our problem was as big to them as it was to us. Congratulations to them.	
Sep 15 2009 	The Worst Las Vegas Trip Ever	This is one of the worst hotels I have ever in my life been too... If they sent me a complimentary 3 night stay I would tell them to keep it..The badThe hotel is huge with loud and annoying drunks runnning around everywhere. You leave a tip with the bell man and he just looks at you and doesnt even say thankyou.. The internet is a waste of money $14.99 for 24 hours.. The channels on the Tv are mostly about MGM and a few in Chinese and the rest advertising something about their Casino.Some of the dealers are just plain rude.. The waitresses take for ever just to get you drink (even when you tip them) the comps are a laugh if your lucky to get one, The Grand Buffet is one of the worst buffets ever will never ever eat there again, cold food.The thugs on the streets giving out cards for some girl company were totally annoying however not the Casinos fault. A convention over the weekend and what a nightmareThe most ignorant person I met was from Ontario how sad since Im from there as wellThe Good:The room service was the best. the attendant was very sweet. The Craftsteak is great. The hotel is clean overall.	
Sep 14 2009 	Good for the Budget But not what i expected	RoomWe stayed in 15-324 in the Grand Tower. The room was just average. No mirror in the room you had to go to the bathroom for that. Not all outlets were working. We didn't have book in the room talking about the hotel and its amenities. The Beds were great though. I did get a great nights sleep and they were comfortable. I have two complaints about the room. One, you could hear the people outside and next door. It was like they were in the same room. If they went to the bathroom you could here them flush the tiolet. That said if someone in your room went to the bathroom you could hear everything they were doing in there. The sound proofing was just plain bad. The room was very clean and when i asked for extra towels they brought them up in 5 min. Good for Value. This wasn't the bellagio or palazzo and i knew that going in. PoolThe pool is very nice. They have several pools and hot tubs. The drink service was not good. I had to get up and get my own drink because they only had a couple of people serving. Plenty of chairs no problem finding one. CasinoThe slots of all kinds were wound tighter than a drum. The slots were plentiful and you had your pick. The tables were a little crowded. The cocktail waitress were no where to be found. The economy must have made them get rid of people because they were few and far between. It wasn't smokey in the casino. I could still smell the fragrance they were putting out. ValetThe Valet was prompted every time we used them. Never had a to wait no more than a few minutes.Food CourtWas fine and there were lots of lines there. It seemed like more people were eating at the food courts than at the regular restaurants. BuffetBuffet 15.00 for breakfast. Had everything you could think of on the buffet. Never a long line. But a continuous string of people. They were efficent getting the people through. Food quality was fine. Studio 54Nice Club just nothing special. House music playing. 10.00 drinks. Just a club. There was a good amount of people there on Friday Night. Overall a nice trip. Plenty of restaurants to choose from. Plenty of activities to choose from. Many slots to play. Not crowded by any means.	
Sep 14 2009 	alittle rocky to start but picked up	we arrived on saturday night at aprox 8pm and was told there was no room with a pull out bed available for our 3 year old daughter!however they did say we could come down the following morning for a room swap. we did this on sunday morning and was moved to a different room within the main hotel. Our 1st room in the west wing was very lovely dont get me wrong, there new, clean very fancy with tv's in the bathroom but the view from the room was the loading bay!the new room was great we had the bell boy move our things. Room was really clean, alittle older looking but had enough room for a pull out bed which arrived half hour after getting to our room!the staff were all very helpful, the cleaners were loving out daughter and always said good morning, the staff in the buffet were nice and polite, i really cant say anything bad to be honest.The pools were good, a few floating cups in the pool but this doesnt bother me too much if im honest. ive read alot of reviews about bad service and things and not having a good time with little kids but we really had no problems, we walked through the casino floor with my 3 year old without problem and as long as we didnt hang around near machines or tables its fine, which we never did! the Lions encloser was great a real must see and they have baby cubs too.the mgm is alittle off the main hotel strip so a walk to hotels is required to Bellagio or Paris but its enough to walk even with a 3 year old!You can tell the quality of hotels as you walk through other hotels and MGM is up there with the highest quality casino's! we went in a 3 star and saw a massive difference in quality!the beds were fantastic, ive never slept on anything so comfy in my life! I would go back again but taking a child does slow things down and restrict some things! but if you have to take them with you dont stress there is plenty to see and do!Ps thunder from down under were alittle bit of a let down if im honest! and we saw Evander Holyfield in our hotel!	
Sep 13 2009 	Great fun...good value	We visited Vegas on a 4 night/5 day schedule at MGM Grand. We had read all the MGM negatives on Trip Advisor prior to the trip -- and thought most of the criticisms nit picky (rooms too &quot;old&quot;; plumbing that could be heard now and then; room door too far from elevator, etc. etc.)My oh my. How spoiled some folks have become as travelers. We had a great time here overall -- and for a fair price. Summary tips on how to have a great visit, in our opinion, to Vegas and MGM: Consider going 4 nights instead of the standard 3. (5 nights would have been too much. Like 5 helpings of your favorite sundae. Too much of a fun thing.) 4 nights takes the rush-rush out of a Vegas visit. We felt we had all day and night every day. Just the right amount of visit time.Rent a car. It allows you maximum mobility and freedom to go off the strip -- hopefully to sites and casinos that will save you money compared to the Strip destinations for food, casinos, etc. We rented a Mustang convertible (it was our 25th anniversary), and found cruising the Strip and adjacent-to-strip thoroughfares a most memorable experience. Las Vegas, after all, is candy for the eyes at night. MGM: Expansive, yes. But not so big that a 5 minutes walk from front desk to pool or casino will ruin one's stay. (Many critics here said as much in their posts. Sorry, but I disagree. And we're both 63.) We stayed in an 18th floor room in the Grand Tower. KIng bed. (Yes, the beds are the most comfortable we've experienced. Why can't we buy a bed as comfortable in the stores at home??)We brought our own alcohol (one bottle will do.) We purchased water -- two bottles -- off the Strip for a dollar. We refilled the bottles in our room and kept the ice bucket replenished (on principle I will not pay MGM prices for a bottle of water.) The pool: a most relaxing experience. The Lazy River especially. (The tubes @ $16 each not so bad...especially if you &quot;sell&quot; yours at half-price to another guest when you leave the pool area. One couple offered us $20 for ours and we took it.) Gambling: not much variety in the MGM machines...and they did run tight. (Why doesn't a casino like MGM loosen the strings a bit, returning to a time 10 years ago when the sound of WINNERS at the slots were a best advertisement? Nowadays, the &quot;sound&quot; of people getitng hammered by the bandits over and over and over again. We are not, by the way, table game players.) Not much better luck off the strip, by the way. All in all, we had best gambling fun and luck at Texas Station (off strip...a car ride), Palazzo/Venetian...and NYNY.MGM Staff: All helpful and cooperative. Attractions:Liberace Museum. He was from Milwaukee and so are we. Worth the $15 admission.Down Tropicana about 5 mins in the car. Larry Jones, &quot;Impersonator&quot; -- at the Royal Resort off the strip about a block. OK entertainment. He bills himself as an impersonator. In fact, he does parody. If you dont go expecting a Frank Caliendo experiende, it is a fun night out for about $40. He obviously loves his work. Tix store -- all along the strip. They are not half price off -- more like 30%. But a good savings. Food: plenty of options at MGM...including a food court that is easy to find. Just avoid for breakfast on Thursday and Friday. Convention crowds. (Suggest you scope out the entire first floor when yoiu first arrive, so there will be no surprises at the end of your visit. One poster here did not discover the food court til the final hours of their visit...and presumably paid a premium for basic breakfast and lunch) The Buffet: we did dinner one night. Not memorable.I guess that sums it up from our perspective. By the way, we spent about $2500 total -- $700 of that gambling losses. Subtract the gambling and convertible rental, and it's a $1300 memory. Hey...it's Vegas. One-of-a-kind fun and decadence on a 24/7 platter. Enjoy.	
Sep 13 2009 	Expected more........much more	We got a fantastic rate for a celebrity spa suite from MGM's own website - too good to be true! Upon arrival we were told that a number of suites had gone &quot;off line&quot; and were unavailable for the weekend. The hotel was packed, it was Memorial weekend and there was a UFC event that night. We suspect that they had sold the room for a much higher rate. We were at check -in for almost an hour arguing with the staff, who were less than helpful. The attitude was very much take it or leave it, considering that we had booked the suite 6 months before, we were less than impressed. Our friends arrived the following day, and their suite was &quot;offline&quot; too - what a coincidence!!!!The hotel is going for a really young crowd, lots of very drunk bikini clad girls on the Casino floor - literally! This may be your dream come true - but not something I expected from a high end hotel - and we travel to Vegas regularly.There is a lot of hotel choice in Vegas - stay somewhere else!Oh - if you do stay here - get ear plugs as we got woken up every night, or maybe we just had a room next to the drunk bikini wearing girls!!!!	
Sep 13 2009 	NICE HOTEL VALUE FOR MONEY - WEST WING RECOMMENDED	We stayed here for 3 nights in the west wing, its just a sllightly smaller room than the usual casino style rooms but with modern facilties. My wife loved the gadgets, like the lamp you just touch to turn on and off, the tv built into the bathroom area (not seperated in a room more like part of the main room but at the begginning away from the bedroom part.) this area had a seperate toilet and shower in wet room style.It was compact compared to some rooms, had a small little desk, tv, but BOSE speaker/dvd system.I enjoyed the stay, not a bad location but virtually at the airport end - so good for new york,new york, mandalay bay/luxor/excalibur and not far from miracle mile shops. ITS HUGE THOUGH!!!Ate once at the grand buffet, was fine - cost about $15 but we prefered the new york new york chinese buffet for breakfast (same price).It has many facilites, many rooms, many places to eat. everything you need but at a cost.	
Sep 12 2009 	last stay	We have stayed at the MGM many times in the past and received a very good rate. The rate quoted and the rate charged however were not the same; charged rate was higher. After explaining this it was never resolved. Our room was shabby; missing picture on the wall, older bathroom, missing lightbulb. After asking about a different room we were given a better accomodation. The hotel is going for young, drunk guests and the pools and the general areas were full of loud and messy twentysomethings The place is a great spot but we have watched it get younger and less attractive over the years and this was our last trip there, even with a great rate!	
Sep 12 2009 	Great Place To Relax!	We had a great time at the MGM. All of the staff was very nice and helpful. We stayed in a Celebrity spa suite and it was great. The room was really clean and the housekeeping staff kept it that way. The only problem we had was the drain in the shower backed up when the tub was draining. We called maintenance and they fixed the problem. We went to the spa. The spa itself was o.k. I am a plus size woman and the robes didn't fit me. I've been to other spas and the robes were fine. The massage I got was wonderful. The only complaint I have about the hotel was the far walk from our room to the pool, but that is just something minor. The lazy river at the pool complex was wonderful. We did use the monorail, but it cost $5.00 for 1 trip. At those prices it was cheaper to take a taxi. All and all we had a great time celebrating our 14th wedding anniversary. We will be back.	
Sep 11 2009 	Trendy Hotel	Hotel is very trendy meaning it pays to dress up nice when in this hotel. If you look like a slob then chances are good that the staff (And the crowd) will ignore you. Hotel is VERY busy at all hours. Good value for the price. Room (You get what you pay for) was ok, I had the cheapest room with a long walk, lovely view of a wall, and the A/C units. No fridge, no coffee maker but the room was comfortable, quiet, clean, and had a safe. No complaints. Casino is nice and clean and the drinks will come if you are in the right area at the right times. There are a lot of high limit machines but you can find the lower limits near the front desk area. The Grand Buffet was terrible. It was not good quality food at all. I would pass paying for it or picking it as a package deal option. You can find much better quality elsewhere. I went for cheap eats.........went next door to NYNY.I choose this hotel because of the location and price. Location because I figured I would cruise the strip from south to north. The double decker bus (AKA: The Duece) was a horrible experience. NEVER AGAIN. $14 all day pass for two. It took an hour to get downtown and another 1.5 hours to get back. I suggest a cab or renting a car if you plan to go downtown or value your time. If your just going to be on the strip, I would suggest the monorail. (Cuz it doesnt go downtown) During night, traffic on the strip is gridlocked. Overall, I would stay again.	
Sep 10 2009 	super stay	a very large hotel but size did not reduce its standards of cleanliness - and friendliess of staff. Room was a standard one but more than adequate size for two adults and two teenagers. Folks from england be warned - no tea/coffee facilities in rooms. This is Vegas - you must spend your cash getting coffee elsewhere! pools really good- lots of people - its a big hotel - but not overcrowded.Take the day helicopter trip to the Canyon well worth the money.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great hotel great fun	I went to Las Vegas with a group of friends and had the time of our lives. No regrets about staying in this huge hotel. Rooms were clean, beds were exceptionally soft and comfortable, bathroom was big, there were 2 - yes 2 - queen beds in our double room which was fantastic as my room mate and i got a queen bed each. Great views from the hotel as well. Other hotels in vegas may offer more, but at the price we got, we were more than satisfied!	
Sep 10 2009 	OK Hotel Great Staff Pretty Good Overall	We checked in a little after 4, so the lines were pretty long, but it only took a few minutes to get to the front. (The staff is speedy.) Shortly after checking in, we went to the Concierge desk to pick up our Cirque de Soleil show tickets, which were part of the Travelocity promo package we booked online. We found out that there was an additional registration form I had needed to fill out through Travelocity to get the tickets, and the deadline had already passed, so it looked like we were out of luck. I was pretty disappointed, but the staffer at the desk said she would see what she could do. We went up to the room, and a few minutes later, they called and said they had comped tickets for us. They turned out to be amazing seats, and we were so impressed that they went so far above and beyond for us. (It was clearly my fault - I didn't read the fine print on the travel voucher!)The rooms are ok; everything is kind of old, but who cares? You're in Vegas - and not spending much time in the room anyway! The bed was incredibly comfortable.The pools are all very nice, the lazy river pool is good for kids and partying - the others are more for relaxing.Food and drink are pretty expensive, but this is anywhere you go in Vegas, not just the MGM. Location is ok - next time we might stay a little further down the strip. But walking is the best way to see the strip anyway.Overall, it was a pretty nice stay for the money we paid.	
Sep 9 2009 	happy with my stay	My family (12yr old daughter/husband) stayed at the MGM labor day weekend Fri-Tues. Overall I really have no complaints! I booked through cheap-tickets/orbit for the hotel/car had no problems there,....Check-in was a breeze, the staff was very nice and helpful. ( I booked on mgm.com) the room was nice, and very clean but kind of small. I'm very picky so i was looking for things but nothing... but other than the area/casino being very crowded but for a holiday weekend, concerts begin held what else to expect??? I can't really say anything bad. I had a blast!!! if you have children 13 and under I'd probably chose New York, New York which is just across the street, the arcade rooms roller-coaster was nice. The MGM resturants are ok, Emerils was GREAT.. very pricey, definetly not kid friendly. For great burgers try Fat burgers. The Pool was EXTREMELY crowded... get there early, but once again nice, nice, nice....	
Sep 9 2009 	Stay for the Pools and the Price	This isn't my first choice of hotels in vegas, but for the right price, it's my second or third....Good:Pools - amazing - lots of them, plenty of seats and a lazy river.Lots of bars and restaurants - Wichcraft was nice and loved the convenience of McDonalds in the food CourtThe Front Desk Manager - did a great jobBAD:The rooms are definitely worn - the light was out in our bathroom - they did quickly change it.Plumbing was weird - strange noises and slow drainsMake sure you text to the &quot;Offers&quot; number they display all over the property - you get 2 for 1 drinks, etc.Not my style, but what might work for some is the all you can eat all day buffett offers - 29 bucks during the week - 40 I think on the weekends.Have fun!	
Sep 9 2009 	Will not return ever again!!!”	Just returned from a 20 Days trip to Las Vegas with my husband, my sister and her 22 years old daughter. Our trip was booked months in advance. We first had 5 days in a Penthouse Suite at The Bellagio, then 9 days at a Celebrity Spa Suite (2 rooms) at MGM Grand and then 6 days at two Tower Suites at the MIRAGE.When we arrived at MGM we told them that we are family, but they gave us two rooms very far from each other. The first was at 6th floor and the second at 9th in different wings (you can imagine how much walking you have to do between the 2 rooms). The room on 6th floor was ready at about 3.00pm so we went all together there to wait for the other room to be ready. This room was awful.It was small, badly designed. The carpets look like they were never cleaned - thick layer of dust sealed onto the carpet. Bathroom was big but vary dated. No coffee maker, not good quality shampoo or soap. Simply Substandard. The view from the room was NOTHING AT ALL, just some ventilators on the hotel terrace.The second room we had to wait until 7.00pm to be ready, and when we finally arrived there with the bell boy we found that the room was not at all cleaned. We informed the front desk and they asked us to wait another 2-3 hours to clean the room or to move to another room that was ready but not the suite we paid for months ago. We were very tired at that time so we moved to the other room with the promise that next day, if we will be at the reception at 08.00 in the morning they will change both rooms to higher floor and close to each other. Next morning we were at the front desk at 08.00 for nothing. They told us that we have to wait until noon to see IF they have available rooms to move us but we had few chances us the hotel was full. At that time the attitude was very bad.I took my sister and we went to the MIRAGE. We explained them our problem and ask them if they have two rooms for us because we need to check in immediately. They gave us two Tower deluxe rooms together at 25th floor with a view of the Volcano. Very nice rooms, very nice view, all new and very nice price.We returned at the MGM we packed and we left the hotel one hour later and we will never again return.The MGM Grand is a dump with nothing to offerOne of the worst experiences I've ever had	
Sep 9 2009 	arcade has been moved	Our second stay at MGM, and we love this place. One of the reasons we stay here is for the arcade (for our 7 yr. old). What was a large arcade last year in CityWalk is now a very small arcade in the shopping area that leads to the parking garage. Just wanted to let families know that what is shown on the property map is being converted to some sort of CSI attraction. The Coney Island arcade is unchanged at NYNY (still large and quite nice) and there is also the big Midway at Excalibur, both of which are just a walking bridge away.	
Sep 9 2009 	trip of a lifetime.	My husband and me travelled to Las Vegas for our honeymoon and from check in it was the perfect holiday! The staff were very friendly and helpful. We stayed in a grand tower room which was very clean, spacious and the comfiest bed I have ever slept in! The hotel was huge, with some very good restaurants. The buffet was excellent value for money. We loved the pool area especially the river!The hotel does get very busy at weekend so I would probably avoid taking children at this time.Must do's in vegas-mgm grand buffet. See some shoes. Watch the bellagio fountains at night. The monorail from mgm grand is great for getting down the strip and good value if you get a day pass. Lions in the hotel. Visit ceasers palace and the venetian hotel(both gorgeous hotels)Avoid-Eating in the excalibur hotel-it was our only bad meal in the 9 days we were there!All in all it was an amazing trip and although it would be nice to experience some of the other hotels in vegas I would not hesitate to stop at the MGM grand again.	
Sep 8 2009 	Not great not bad.	We stayed at the MGM Grand West Wing on Sep 5, 2009. We were catching a show at the MGM Grand Arena that night. My first impression came from walking down the corridor of the West Wing (BTW: it's quite a long way from the front desk to the West Wing elevator), the carpet in the corridor is quite dirty and the walls are pretty banged up (from drunk guests no doubt).The king size bed room is not very big, the toilet and shower are in separate places and have their own door. The bathroom sink is funky to look at (all glass) but not very efficient. Plus it stands ouside the actuall bathroom right at the entrance of the room, so if like me you leave all your cosmetics lying around on the counter, it's the first thing you see coming into the room.We were on the seventh floor but the view was pretty bad (all you could see was Hooters). There is a large walk-in closet, a small desk and a weird looking chair to sit on. The TV was an old 26 inches pan and scan (not widescreen).So probably not the worse in Vegas and certainly not the best.	
Sep 7 2009 	Good value but unpleasant stay	We had trouble with this hotel from the very start. We had difficulty accessing the valet in front because it isn't on the strip, you have to go around and it wasn't clear where to turn. It took long to check in and when it was our turn the deskman was way too chatty to the point of being annoying and inappropriate. The room was clean and comfortable, EXCEPT the tub didn't drain. The valet service took forever to get our car, even when there were not a lot of people waiting. The hotel itself was noisy, crowded, and seemed to attract a clientele that I wouldn't call family friendly. I think if I was a 20-something there to party it would have been fine but as a family I didn't enjoy our stay.	
Sep 6 2009 	Decent Entry Level Room	Stayed in the smoke free west wing. The room was adequate. Basic and very clean. I was worried about aircraft from the airport making it noisy, but it was not an issue.You could hear people in the halls, doors closing and noise from the water pipes early in the morning, but all within normal range for a hotel this big.	
Sep 6 2009 	Awesome. Had a great time	We stayed @ the MGM. Checkin was wonderful, Jeffrey was the best! We had free buffet everyday which saved alot!! The duece is the best way to travel the strip. The outlet stores are a must go to and the Bellagio fountains.The food @ the buffet was always fresh. The New York New York accross the street ( we stayed there last year) is awesome too!! Las Vegas is a wonderful fun place to go.. but need lots of money for the shows. We attended Chriss Angel @ the Luxor! Great show, alot of cirque de soliel in it, thougth there would be a little more magic.All in all.. wonderful time	
Sep 6 2009 	2nd Stay at MGM would still recommend	Got a wonderful package at a bargain price for 2 rooms. Other family members paid $10 per night more with no food included &amp; smaller room. The 1st time hubby &amp; I had a celebrity suite so wondered how the Grand Tower room would be, No complaints We asked for an interconnecting room was told not possible but kids had an inter-connecting with someone else - Think they preferred it that way! We had 2 queen beds &amp; room had adequate storage. Fairly average hotel room that had air conditioning or heating (self controlled). Room was on a lower floor than I would chose (6th) but that was because we asked at check-in to be accommodated as near to family as possible. Clean &amp; very comfortable. My sister-in-law's room in West Wing was more modern &amp; much smaller without a tub (only shower) and King size bed in front of the window, I would have been disappointed with that option &amp; the frosted glass door on the toilet &amp; shower made it a little impersonal particularly as it is located near the main door. You would need to know your room companion well or send them off to the casino, it was also gloomy down that corridor.Check in/check out was fast efficient &amp; friendly. Breakfast was buffet and good choice. Staff in restaurant were pleasant and we certainly received better service at MGM than some of the other hotels we visited in SW USA this summer. The pool scene lazy river was good. There were plenty of sunbeds around the different pools but not much shade as temperature was over 100, Only disappointment is that I wanted a photo with the lion cubs at the lion habitat. I have already been to Vegas on 2 previous occasions with no success in getting a picture with them. Hubby &amp; kids had it done in 2003. Went last Monday morning 2nd attempt this trip since being in Vegas this time &amp; my last day in Vegas) no more photos come this afternoon between 2pm &amp; 4pm. Arrived at 3pm my daughter was already further up the queue with her boyfriend &amp; no photos for them either, Was disappointed but I think it is never going to happen. The cubs are not there on a Tuesday.One thing you need to be aware of in Vegas that the hotels are so huge, MGM for example has over 5000 rooms. It takes ages to walk around the hotel &amp; was a good 4/5 minutes to walk from our hotel room to our relatives in the other wing on the same floor. . MGM is at the south end of the Strip &amp; monorail runs from there up to The Sahara. You can then cross from MGM over a walkway to New York New York then on into the Excalibur. There is then a free monorail connecting Excalibur Luxor (where we stayed on 1st ever Vegas trip) &amp; Mandalay Bay. I can't comment on the nightclubs or gambling just that there is a large choice of slot machines &amp; there seemed to be an area offering free poker lessons. Internet was expensive at $14.99 plus tax, This was for 24 hours but we needed it as daughter &amp; boyfriend were awaiting their GCSE results so was money well spent. They were able to view it privately in our room on hubby's net book so to me it was money well spent. I think it was also possible in the business centre. Our family who went back before us also were able to sort their airport check-in. Planet Hollywood was $13.99 plus tax as a comparison. Would I stay at MGM again? Definitely. It also seems that you get pestered less with people trying to give you cards for 'Hot babes Direct to you' than you do in the centre of the strip.	
Sep 6 2009 	Good value and Fun!	We travelled from Australia and met friends at the hotel. The hotel is the largest on the strip (at present) so there were delays for check-in, lifts, concierge etc - however they were helpful and accommodated our request to have a room near our group. Getting taxi's was quite easy from front of hotel.Rooms were good- clean and larger than expected. Comfy bed. Not much of a view but could see a bit of the strip. Can't remember location of our room, but it was not quite in the west wing -- some of our friends' rooms were in the west wing, just doors down, but ours was much more spacious and comfortable in comparison. Hotel lobby and pool etc are busy but adds to the fun, in a way. Pay to go into Wet Republic - had a ball for a day there. Restaurants were good, plenty to choose from. Especially good value when rooms on sale $79/night!	
Sep 5 2009 	Very Good!	Good - excellent customer service; the glamour suite!; Very clean rooms; Ready on arrival. Comfortable beds. Travelling on the Deuce Bus for $7.00 all day pass.Bad - buffet expensive; waitress service poor; selection not great; hot food was cold. Pool noisy (with music), crowded.Ugly - slot machines very tight. Go elsewhere.Tips:1. Go outside on the strip for an inexpensive breakfast ($3.99) includes bacon or ham or sausage plus eggs and hash browns.2. Loose slots at the New York New York.3. Get the $7.00 day pass for the Deuce Bus - it is worth it to save on walking.4. Get to the downtown Freemont street if you have never been there. Go in the early evening - have dinner at one of the hotels (we like the buffet at the Golden Nugget - great seafood), and watch the light show when it gets dark - free of course.5. See the water fountains in front of Bellagio in the evening (to music) - free of course.6. See the lions at the lion den at MGM Grand. They are there from 11-4. - free.7. If you are not into eating big buffets and want something smaller - try the New York New York - deli sandwiches, pizza, fish and chips - great price - great atmosphere.As for the MGM Grand Glamour Suite - very nice - big, about 1250 sq. ft. Has large jaccuzi tub (we did not use). But....if you have someone staying in a room above you that has this tub - it will keep you awake at night if they use it. We have people use their tub above us at 11 pm, 3 a.m. 5 a.m. The sound is eye-opening at these hours.Another tip, wear running shoes - expect to walk - alot! And stay hydrated with lots of water - especially if you are drinking coffee and or alcohol. The temperature this time of year was 40 celcius.Have fun! We did. Will be back to Vegas again - probably will go back to the Venetian Hotel where we stayed before.	
Sep 5 2009 	Nickel 	The price was right but that was the best part of our three night experience at the MGM Grand. We booked a spa room on the 23rd floor for $93 a night - a cheaper room would do very well indeed as we never used the large jetted tub. Upon arrival we were curtly treated by a check in person after waiting almost half an hour in huge line-ups in the foyer. There was a &quot;cooking smell&quot; in the room which staff &quot;took care off&quot; immediately by masking the small with a spray deodorant. The room was a great size however it's interior is badly &quot;dated&quot;. Curtains sagged as if they were too long for the windows. Lamps shades were twisted and the bathroom wall had exposed holes were a hairdryer (torn from the wall) had been recently moved to another spot on the wall. It took a very long time to get hot water in the shower. The light in the makeup mirror was burnt out. Provided shampoo, conditioner, lotion and soap had an &quot;odd&quot; old smell. We went out and bought our own soap.The King Size bed was overly soft, however, some people might like that.The closet did not have enough hangers for our clothes. The old television is NOT flat screen and the picture is very poor. The bar fridge has seen better days. There was no free internet in the hotel and were told at the business centre it would cost a minimum five dollars to print boarding passes when we left.We were given an incentive ticket for the morning buffet - 9.99 before 8am. Even though we were in the line before 8 am, when we finally reached the cashier, (a person with no people skills, and English as a perhaps third language) refused to accept the ticket as it was 8:05. We complained the management at the front desk and were told &quot;There has to be a cut-off sometime!!!) I remind you we were guests at the hotel! The MGM Buffet is mediocre at best and I suggest if you want buffet the best deal for the money is the high quality Buffet at Bellagio- you can charge this to your room at MGM. Don't buy anything at the Hotel convenience shop-the prices are astronomical. Instead walk a block down the strip and do your shopping at a huge drug store. They have everything. Just comparing the price of a litre bottle of water: MGM-$4.00 Drug Store- $1.39The best thing about the MGM Grand complex is the Grand pool. The river pool is very popular with children and adults and a wonderful place to spend the morning, afternoon or the entire day! We booked MGM specifically for the pool which is also available to people choosing to stay at the high end Signature Grand at MGM - a much nicer and quieter hotel with no casino. So would I return to the MGM Grand? Absolutely not, but would return to the Signature Suites at MGM (were we stayed last year). The price was right for a night at the MGM Grand but be prepared to be up-charged for almost every thing else during your stay.	
Sep 4 2009 	1st Vegas trip - Awesome Stay	I surprised my husband with a 4 day 3 night stay to Vegas for his 30th birthday. We got to the hotel at about 10:30a which was too early to get checked in, however the guy at the check in desk, &quot;took care of us&quot; and allowed us to check in early. Off to a great start. The room was beautiful and had a terrific view. Staff was incredibly friendly. Hotel is HUGE!! A fight was going on the weekend we were there so we were able to see the Grand Garden Arena. My husband LOVED the Lion Habitat, and took half of our pictures there. Shopping inside the hotel was great - got a beautiful dress and lots of souvenirs for family. Breakfast Buffet had lots of choices of fantastic food. All in all great stay and my husband declared it his best birthday. Can't wait to return for anniversay in 2010!	
Sep 3 2009 	MGM Deals were a RipOff....	During check in, we were rushed and told about our package deal. When we tried to question it, we were barely given an explanation. But we brushed it aside and said we would figure it out later. We came down the next day to the conceirge (sp) and again asked for an explanation, only to be told we didn't have a package -- then someone else came over and said yes they do it's right here. But again, no one could explain fully the package. At one point, I was sent across the lobby to the business center to find out about my package deal. Ugh, I was not looking for a PACKAGE! lol Finally, a third person came over to explain, making it clear, and what we found out was that we really didn't have a package deal--we just had a few dollars off of a pricey meal or show, nothing in the spa--but what every other guest was getting, and 2 drinks at the pool--which we didn't go to because we didn't have our suits. It was my first time to Vegas, I was not disappointed at all, just in the staff at check in and during our stay at the front desk. Both times we were down in the lobby, it was not at a peak time--although no one seemed to want to take the time and talk to us. Just disappointed in MGM--I guess I expected too much.	
Sep 3 2009 	Get the PRIMA	We were offered the PRIMA card. You don’t PAY anything, but rather you place a $500 credit towards your room for you to spend. This can be spent anywhere within the hotel and also within the other MGM hotels (mirage, luxor, etc). Basically you’re telling MGM you will spend at least $500 at THEIR hotel.In exchange for this, they give you free, VIP, front of the line access to: Studio 54, Tabu, and Wet Republic (21+ pool that is like a club complete with DJ, drinks, private cabanas, and plenty of people watching). They also give you 2 for 1 drinks at the bars, 2 for 1 entrees at the fancy restaurants, and they let you go to the front of the taxi line. AND, we were upgraded to a celebrity spa suite. The hotel was nice. Great room, great pool options (with lazy river), great restaurants. Only bad thing is it’s a big away from all the hotels.	
Sep 3 2009 	pleasantly surprised but expectations were low	When I make my own reservations for Vegas, I always Hotwire a five star hotel, and usually get the Venetian which I am very happy with. So I was a little worried when my friend booked the MGM. It isn't one of the newer hotels anymore and the thing about Vegas hotels is that they get shabby quickly if they aren't taken care of. So I was pleasantly surprised that our room was quite clean, fresh feeling, and with all the amenities I would have asked for. Once inside it didn't feel much different in layout or design than, say, the Four Seasons Las Vegas, which I stayed at last year (of course the bathroom was much less posh than at the Four Seasons or Venetian). Anyway I found the room perfectly adequate, and the long walks aren't any different than any other casino hotels. The monorail station is great if you're planning to go far up the Strip.	
Sep 3 2009 	Would recommend	We stayed at the MGM for 4 days and enjoyed ourselves. The rooms are nice, clean, with great views. The rooms are spacious. The cost of the rooms are well prices. My only criticism would be the air conditioning really smells of stale cigarettes and so do the rooms. Good location. efficient staff. The pool area was great-lots of fun!!	
Sep 2 2009 	West Wing is so hip!	We stayed in a West Wing room for 3 nights and as well as getting a great rate, we had full daily access to the buffet. The rooms are perfect for couples, with just the right amount of space. I was worried about hanging space, but it was all hidden behind a fill length mirror and who realy needs a bath when travelling in vegas. We had stayed in a classic room before which was fine, but the West Wing rooms are so much more modern and hip...we loved it. The pool at the mgm was pretty horrific...too many people and very dirty water by around noon each day. There is really no excuse for the poor quality of the water. Also a lot of the tiles and concrete around the pool is cracked and in need of repair. Other than the pool everything else was great.	
Sep 2 2009 	Love the MGM!	We stayed at the MGM on 7th July 2009 for 7 nights. We were located on the 22nd floor. The only issue we had with the MGM was on arrival. This is the 2nd time we have stayed here and the 2nd time that our booked room was not available. This time we had to wait 2 hours for a king room to become available (which is better than last time as we had to move rooms after our first night), however they did offer us a free buffet as compensation. The wait was a little annoying but we went for a quick look around and came back after 2 hours and our room was free. Our bags were brought up to our room by the bell man which helped as we had a few! Our room was large and clean, exactly as we had experienced before. If you need to speak to the concierge our advice is to call free from your room instead of queuing as this is so much quicker. The reason for our return visit to the MGM was purely for the pools! We would spend our days by the lazy river, we would sometimes have to walk around a couple of times to get sun beds next to the pool, but if this doesn't bother you then you will easily find beds. Unless we stayed at the Bellagio, Venetian or Wynn then we would return to the MGM every time.	
Sep 2 2009 	Loved every minute	This was our first time in Vegas and the MGM made our holiday that much more enjoyable.The hotel is towards one end of the strip, close to the airport which was handy and cheaper in a taxi! New York New York was opposite, connnected by a walkway over the main road, and there were shops (Coke Store, M&amp;M world) and a cinema located at the front of the hotel.MGM also has a Monorail station making it easier to travel up and down the strip.Our room was in the Grand Tower. The room was a good size, very modern and clean. The beds and pillows were among the most comfortable we have ever slept in!! Although the view from the room wasn't great, we could see some of the strip.The hotel had everything you needed. Around the casino floor there were several bars, Studio 54 nightclub, shops and restaurants. They also have the Grand Garden Arena hosting sporting events, the Cirque Du Soleil show Ka, and the Lion Habitat making the MGM ideal to keep you entertained for several nights, with something always going on.We got an excellent deal on this hotel when we booked and we couldn't have asked for anymore. This was great value for money and worth every penny. Would recommend!	
Sep 2 2009 	mgm food gambling drinks etc trip report	I am going to do in separate topicsFood in &amp; out burger 2 times best burgers being from canada we don't have these wish we did rate 10grand lux very good huge portions and huge menu very good food at here twice alsorate 9mgm buffet ate here 2 times for lunch free with room promotion did the trick but average at best wouldn't pay for it rate 3margaritaville ate here late at night had wings and crab dip both good also have the raspberry colada very good drink had 5 of these drink rate 8 food 7 magginos fashion mall on strip this was the best italian food i have ever had the spaggetti and meat balls awesome huge portions other meals friends had were awesome also reasonable prices rate 10mon ami gabbi had the steak was very good ate on patio about hour wait but worth it fountain show was nice to watch while we ate also had onion soup lots of cheese if you like it that way rate 8gambling here is how comps work for me i was there for 5 days average bet was 49.00 and average time playing was 13 hours for whole stay i played blackjack and roulette no slots i got comped 2 nights free room and 50.00 off my food i charged to my room when i got home have offers for free nights for next trip.Almost forgot the table limits were 10 min other places had some 5 dollar tables seemed slow during the week on the tables lots empty many times they would open a 5 dollar table for us if we askeddrinks the service at mgm was awesome very quick but i did most of my gambling after midnight so not to busy then i ordered grey goose and cranberry and crown royal and ginger with no problems..i tipped 1 or 2 dollars per drink very strong drinks also pool - the pool at mgm was very good the river pool gets crazy later in the day people are drunk and like to party we are 40s couple and acted like we were 20 again i would never take my kids here ever lots of adult fun seen woman kissing and lots of touching like we were at a college party.the river pool opens at 10 am get there early 930 am if you want front river spot go to gate bye the outdoor restaurant as there are many gates to get in but the guy opens that one first and works his way down to other gates about 5 different gates to get into drinks were 5 per beer if you bought a bucket of 5 or 8 beer the slush drinks buy big cup 22$ for first one then bring back 9 to refill we brought back each day refills were 9 good deal .Almost forgot seen dusty hill and billy gibbons from zz-top in river pool hard not to see with those beards they stayed about an hour then left more later any questions just ask	
Sep 1 2009 	Great time looooong hallways	My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights in February. We were in an older part of the hotel but the room was still spotless and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom setup is a little strange (glass walls, no real door) but very clean. For the quality of the room the $50 a night we paid was a great value. Check in was relatively quick for a hotel this size. It was a little confusing making our way around the first night but after that we were fine. The walk from the elevator did seem extroidinarily long after a late night.The food from room service was excellent though it did take a little while to get(understandable with the hike from the elevator).	
Aug 31 2009 	Awesome Experience	This hotel made me love Vegas and I can't wait to go back. We stayed at the Celebrity Spa room and it was a pretty big room! The beds were so comfy!The staff was friendly and very polite. We arrived at the hotel around noon and we were not supposed to check-in till 3pm but as soon as we got to the front desk, they informed us that our room is ready. KA is by far, one of the most amazing shows I have ever seen. We were sitting on the 5th row and there was way too much stuff going on around us. It was entertaining. We're planning on seeing it again and maybe getting some seats seats somewhere in the back so we can see a different view of this beautiful show. I also love that everything is in the hotel. The hotel is huge and it took us aout a few hours to figure out where everything is but with the 100 plus degree weather outside, we did not want to walk anywhere anyway. The only downside is we have the Prima VIP card and we were confused on how to use it during our first day but we figured it out anyway. Also, they charge for the internet. Really, wireless internet is not expensive to provide. I think it should be free of charge for Prima Card holders.	
Aug 31 2009 	Good room with a view!	My husband and I have just spent 2 days at the MGM! 2 days was enough! As this was our first trip to Las Vegas, we were not sure what to expect! The hotel itself does not resemble any other 5 star hotel -it is more like a huge shopping / entertainment centre with rooms! As we expected, it was enormous, with a huge check-in area. We were up-graded to a room with a view, on the 27th floor, which gave us a view of the New York, New York hotel, and the airport.Our room was really lovely, very large comfortable bed, with all the usual bathroom essentials. The room was a very welcome oasis, from all the noise and madness of &quot;downstairs&quot;! Coffee making facilites are not available in this type of room, and generally all food/ beer/ wine was quite expensive in the hotel, especially if you take in a show!The hotel is at the southern end of the strip, so it was easy to use the mono-rail to get around. Although we were there on a Sunday / Monday, which a taxi driver told us was the quiet time, the hotel and pool areas were very busy - not many free sun loungers at any of the pools! Some of the pools looked &quot;milky&quot; and there was a heavy smell of chlorine!We both enjoyed the experience of our first and last visit to Vegas!	
Aug 31 2009 	People should stop being so picky!!!!!!!!!!!	I got married this month in Vegas, and stayed at the MGM for a week. I heard many bad reviews, but here is my advice.* don't be so cranky and picky, yes it is a huge place, but your not at your local holiday inn* yes, things are a far walk, so is everything in Vegas* if you can, book a suite. We stayed in a Celebruty Spa Suite. Was it outdated? Yes! But, who the hell cares!* we stayed in room 25-139, and it was very clean, everything worked and had a great strip viewEverything in Vegas is pricey, so my advice is be smart about it. We printed out tons of coupons before we went that were all honoured while down there. 2 for 1 admission to the wax museum, 2 for 1 food, gondala rides, etc. Ate at the Sratospere, and the food was great, and expensive, but what else would you expect. My other adive would be sign up for ALL the e-mail lists you can before you go. We stayed in our suite for 6 nights, and paid $610 for 6 nights. Don't stay in the west wing, it looks sketchy. Pools are awesome, always found chairs no problem. Get cheap drinks at Harrah's, IP, etc. Way cheaper to drink there. Got married at the Chapel of the Flowers, and it was awesome! Used Bentley and Wilson Photography, and couldn't have asked for better!	
Aug 31 2009 	Bad Experience	My wife, 16 year old daughter, 16 year old niece and I spent a week at the MGM grand. Apart from the hair I found in my food and the 3 incredibly terse and ignorant croupiers I experienced, I encountered 1 significant issue during our stay.It is clear that places in the U.S. generally do very well in trying to control underage drinking but I must say that it's apparent the MGM Grand falls short of their responsibilities. It was more than apparent that under 21s were being served alcohol at the poolside during the day. I saw a groups of people that were clearly underage being served numerous cocktails and can only imagine that either the underage drinking laws were being ignored or there is a burgeoning false-ID trade in the U.S. What backs this up is that my daughter and niece were daily handed invitations to the hotel's &quot;Wet Republic&quot; club - supposedly an over 21 facility. They were also regularly given invitations to a night club in the hotel. Neither of the girls look anywhere near 21 - indeed they very much look their age.The biggest bug bear is that on one occasion, I was woken at 3 a.m. by someone knocking on my bedroom door. On opening the door, I was presented by 2 heavily intoxicated teenagers who when challenged, laughed and gave a mouthful of obscenities before running off toward the elevators. Being realistic, you can always expect noise at all times in such a place (which we did) but this goes beyond a joke.What really annoyed me was that the next day when I discussed these issues with a member of the MGM Grand's management staff, my complaint was met with indifference and denial. A response of &quot;we will look into it&quot; would have at least been accepted but was not forthcoming.It's clear in my mind that the MGM Grand needs to decide on how it positions itself to their clientelle. Personally I would not feel comfortable taking my family back there again but can imagine it being a great place for young, single holidaymakers who want to party all day every day.As for a recommendation on where to take a family, we moved to the Mirage for 5 days following our week at the MGM Grand which was fantastic and much more appropriate for family needs.	
Aug 31 2009 	It's nice but not the best	I just got back from a 4 night stay at the MGM Grand for a girls weekend. In reading other reviews, I knew what to expect.Yes, it is big, I felt lost the first 2 days, then I got the lay of the land. Yes, the walls are thin you can hear everything.Yes, the beds were comfortable.Yes, the lazy river was wonderful even on 109 degree day(s). It was very crowded with lots of people who were drunk and some who were not.I must say, I have taken my children to Las Vegas twice and have stayed at the Luxor and Excalibur. I would not take them to MGM, because of the crowds and how they behave--even though I know they would enjoy the hotel and pools. This hotel is not for children.If you want to play slots I would go off the strip since the machines on the strip are very tight. I only cashed in 1 ticket for 4 nights, tables were bad too. Never saw any waitress for drinks. Go to Freemont Street, Mermaids casino they get you drunk really quick. I would stay with my husband or another girls weekend. We really had no problem, with staff, we even ordered room service, after a long night. Go have a great time!	
Aug 30 2009 	Fantastic Hotel! Everything you need!	We stayed at the MGM Grand for a week - there was 6 of us with age range from 24 - 72! Before we went i read a few reviews and was a little worried that i had booked a melon.If you are thinking the same - dont worry! Its FANTASTIC! Hotel - Yes its big, yes there is a lot of walking, but you should expect it, so i dont see why people moan about it. All of the public areas are very clean, there is always a team of people where ever you go cleaning something, i did expect it to be a bit untidy with 10,000 odd people staying there, but i was wrong - it was imaculate.There is more resturants than you could visit - covering every budget and taste. A food court for cheaper options with Macdonlds, a chinese, pizza, and a hotdog place, between us we ate at all these and all were very good. We ate most days at the ' grand buffet'... which is a great deal at $30 mon-fri and $40 at weekends.Lots of choice, but it is the same food choice everyday - however, there is so much there you can eat something different everyday! It didnt bother us the choice didnt change - after all you still go to Macdonalds and there menu doesnt change?!The drinks are included in the buffet price - and at the weekend for just $2.50 you can have unlimited refills of champers!Casino - it was busy, as expected, we stuck to the machines, as we are not massive gamblers the $10 min for every bet on the tables was a bit much for us - we were happy on the slots where if you want you can bet 1cent at a time. Rooms - we had 3 rooms and we were very happy that we had all been put on the same floor all with fantastic views. My mum did want a smoking room and asked to change - they said she could no problem - or they could just give her an ash tray. Great for us - prob not so great if you are a non smoker and you go in the room next, but it worked for us and made our trip easier.Decor wasnt poor as some reviews say, and i have also noticed many mention that the tv is not newer - well if thats all there is to moan about I think the hotel cant be doing much wrong! The tv didnt interest us , as there is so much to see and do there is no time to watch tv!Rooms were cleaned to a high standard - however they did get to us late, in most of europe the cleaners are trying to get into your room from 8am - here i didnt see anyone til after 10am - so our room was not done til 3pm most days. That is the ONLY thing that bothered me at this hotel.We found the staff very helpful at the main desk - i had phoned ahead and asked about a mobility scooter for my gran as i was worried to she would not be able to walk all week ( i was wrong she was fine ) and they have them there to hire if you need $120 for the week - think the day hire was $40. We found them very helpful on my birthday when i asked the concierge to recomend a resturant - which she did, Lavo in the Venitian - she phoned and booked it for us , and got us on a table outside over looking the show at Treasure Island - highly recomend that resturant! Not to expensive , wonderful food.Ka - We booked this show in the hotel because it looked great on the ad's they play and as guests of the hotel you get 40% off - the middle price seats were $90 with the discount. I have to be honest I didnt think to much of the show - the 6 of us went - 2 fell asleep - 2 loved it - 2 thought it was very over priced for what it was!Yes its clever - parts are great - lots of it board me. And i think the whole theatre was split because at the end some stood clapping - some ran to the exit - others like me sat wondering if i had just wasted 2hrs of my life.Deals!!!! Best deal was the buffet , tho the que is long they get through it quick we never waited more that 15mins- we ate at the New York buffet once - never again! There are some great drinks bargins to be had massive 32oz beers for $9 - then refils for just $5! 32oz cocktails $15 refils $8! Free drinks when you are gambling ( you dont get that in the uk ) Free lion habitat, $13 for all day pass on the train so you can visit other hotels, free towels for the pool, Bucket of beer in ice by the pool $25 - i thought that was a good deal others didnt - but I guess i am used to London prices.Everything about this hotel was fab - it was clean , friendly, and you wouldnt need to leave if you didnt want to, so much to do i wish i had booked 2 wks!	
Aug 30 2009 	Great stay really comfy beds!	Vegas was our first stop into the States and after almost 24 hours of flights and staying at airports, we were so have an easy and quick check in (although we did get there at midnight) and end up in an awesome room! Stayed in the Grand Tower rooms and were exceptionally clean (although you wouldn't expect anything less). Bathrooms are huge beautiful too! We stayed on a non-smoking floor and there was no smoke smell at all once you got up to the floor. Coming back to a nice clean and comfy room at the end of the day was wonderful!Would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 30 2009 	An excellent choice for the whole family.	We stayed 2 nights here, and got the room very cheaply through hotwire.com - a sight I would well recommend!Excellent, spacious room. Free parking next door. Fantastic pool area. Gret location at the end of the Strip. The only down side were the captive lions in the hotel - wouldn't be allowed in the UK!You could, if you wished, spend an absolute fortune here, but we spent very little as we don't actually gamble!	
Aug 29 2009 	not real happy	Picked MGM Grand after receiving a promotion package, which included 3 complimentary nights, a $100 food voucher, $150 in free play/chips, and a 2 for 1 KA show offer. This offer included all the other MGM properties as well. We arrived early, and as we expected our room wasn't yet ready. Understandable, since it was only 8:00 am. We asked to verify our promotion, and we were told that all we were receiving was the complimentary stay. After several phone calls, and a promotion host who thought we were crazy, we were given the promotion that we registered for. We were able to check into our room at around 10:30, which wasn't bad. The room itself looked like it could have used a renovation 10 years ago-old style, tube type tv, scratched nightstands, ripped couch, and carpet trim falling off the wall. We felt as if since they were doing us such a &quot;favor&quot; by letting us stay there for free, that we had to just take what they gave us, which was a very outdated, basic room. We could have gotten the same deal at the Bellagio or Mandalay Bay, and had a much nicer room. Also had no view of the strip, as we had requested. Food was ok, bed was comfy, but machines of all type were extremely tight, especially video poker. Had much better luck at less upscale casinos, like Circus Circus and the Stratosphere. Don't think we'll be staying at MGM again.	
Aug 28 2009 	A break from work...	Had a blast staying at the MGM...just don't let it consume you. Too many hot spots in &quot;the vegas&quot; to get hung up in one spot.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great Honeymoon at MGM	The front foyer is beautiful and the check in was a breeze! Very professional!We upgraded our room and although we did not have the greatest view, we had a beautiful room! The huge king bed with a seperate sitting area and marbel bathroom was awesome! We had breakfast in bed which is pricey (about $70), it was good but I wouldnt recommend it for the price.The only downfall to this hotel for me was how long it took to get from one end to the other and you could get lost!! But there is Wolfgang Puck's, Club 54, the lion sanction is kinda neat..kinda on the fence about if that's right or not?! Everything about the hotel was great! The pool is awesome!The only bad part about my trip was I left behind a pearl necklace and didn't realize it until too late :(	
Aug 27 2009 	OK...not the worst not the best.	We stayed in the west wing for 4 nights. On arrival we told the man on check in it was our honeymoon - he wasnt interested (bearing in mind every other hotel we stayed in on our honeymoon gave us Champers and usually an upgrade). I guess in the MASSIVE hotel you are just one of many!The room decor was nice, but the bathroom/toilet door hinge was broken and slammed shut everytime. The actual hotel was so busy, crowds of drunken people everywhere (and we are 25 but it was too much for us!) and the pools were so busy we didnt even bother stopping around them - it wasnt the most relaxing of places!The restaurants were great - we ate at Pearl and Fiamma - would defo recommnd them. Make sure you explore the other hotels, Vegas and the surrounding areas. Its worth flying over the grand canyon and seeing the hoover dam. We got tickets for KA - i would recommend this. It was absolutely amazing!Parking is free and there is loads of room on the car park, but they charge $15 for internet - very cheeky!Overall the MGM is a good base for Vegas. If you're in a group of girls or lads you will love it, but for couples its ok. I have ticked yes for recommend to a friend - but it would depend on which friend it was.	
Aug 27 2009 	perfect vegas resort	we stayed 2 nights but loved the MGM! Great staff, room was ready when we arrived at 11:30am, fantastic bed didn't want to get up!! Hotel is clean,big and beautiful! If you stay there no need to walk your legs off on the strip the MGM Hotel has it all. We enjoyed the Crazy Horse Show as well, great for couples, very small stage and seats are close. Food was good, prices are high!!! Go to dinner at the Eifel Tower over at Paris for a first class $$$$$ Meal the view is worth every $$$ and the service and food were excellent!! We would stay here again &amp; again.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great place: Great bargain	We have visited many hotel casinos over the years and for Summer visists the MGM can't be beat. The pool complex if varied and fun. On our most recent visit we had no problem finding sahede spots by the laay river pool every day. We always got there within an hour of opening, but there were still sapces available when we would leave at around 2:00PM. The cleaning staff did clean the vacated rooms first to make them ready for new guest. We asked the staff to clean our room when we left for the pooland did not have a problem after we started doing that. The only restraunts we visited on property were the buffet and the Deli, but found both more than acceptable. WE have seen the Ka show here and have used the box office to book other shows and have never had a problem. I am not a high roller so i do not expect to be treated like one, but I feel that I am treated as a valued guest every time I visit. The only reason we stay at other properties during other seasons is to accomadate friends traveling with us at those times. If it were our choice the MGM would get our business every time.	
Aug 26 2009 	Massive	I know this is stating the obvious but this hotel is MASSIVE! We were there for 3 nights, and only discovered the multiple swimming pools on our last day! The room was fine, a little bit shabby around the edges. Also the hotel is positioned right at the end of the strip, so to get to the Bellagio, Paris or Venetian you have to walk through all the people selling you stuff from Helicopter rides to prostitutes.Although the room was cheap (compared to any other hotels we stayed in in the states), they get their money from you in other ways! No fridge in the room, no coffee machine. There is a vending machine on each floor charging $3 for a Coke. And the cost of Wi-Fi!? Are they having a laugh? We stayed in all sorts of little independent places on our travels and wi-fi pretty much came as standard...not in Vegas! The restaurants in the hotel are all pretty pricey. You think you're doing OK by ordering a burger, and then see how much the fries cost as a side! Having said that, if you want cheap eats, it does have a food court type thing (MacDonalds, Chinese, sandwiches etc) but being the muppets we are, we didnt' discover it until our last day! Doh!There is a very good reason to stay at the MGM .... The Cirque du Soleil show Ka is AMAZING and you get 40% off if you stay at the hotel. It really was amazing. I am sure it is the same story at any of the other hotels with a decent show, but Ka is a must see! Also, wasn't very happy about the lions. I know they don't live in there or anything, but it just felt a bit urgh. Don't know why, sure they're very happy, but I am not a big fan of zoos any way.As far as the casino is concerned....remember nobody leaves Vegas a winner baby! The MGM Casion is massive, and a good laugh. The bars are all over-priced! But sit at a machine or a table for long enough and you'll get given a drink.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great location on the strip comfy simple room	We stayed at the West Wing on the mgm and loved it! Lemme just say these rooms arent for everyone. They are not as spacious as the regular mgm rooms and not for everyone. The deco inside is very hip and modern and appeals to the younger vegas crowd I think. I loved the room and felt very comfy there. The bed was comfortable and big. The shades in the room left absolutely no light in. TV was flat screen with dvd player and I loved that the mirror in the bathroom had a tv screen in it which I enjoyed watching while getting ready. Like I said these rooms wont appeal to everyone so if you're looking for bigger rooms , go elsewhere. These rooms while hip and modern are still VERY functional and nice! The West Wing also offered a lobby bar that was also swank and low lit with an easy exit to the strip that makes it just a few feet away from it! Also had a Starbucks next to it. I would definitely book in the West Wing for another stay because of the value, comfort, and location!	
Aug 25 2009 	Clean quiet great restaurants	When we did sleep, we got some good z's in. We didn't hear any noise from other rooms/hallway while we were there for 3 nights over a weekend. Since it was our 1st trip to Vegas, that really surprised me. I expected to hear partying in other rooms and craziness in the hallways, but MGM must have been built really well. I would say the rooms are sound proof.I think the downside is that it's a long walk to go to other hot spots on the strip, but, MGM has a lot of great accomodations. Tabu was our favorite club, which is in MGM and Fiamma was a really good restaurant inside there too. The service was outstanding and the food was delicious. We really loved the cozy and romantic atmosphere. We thought the buffet in the casino was excellent - wide variety of food to choose from. We stayed in the Grand Tower in a room with a Kin. The room was very spacious, comfy bed, huge bathroom.	
Aug 25 2009 	Favourite Vegas hotel!	I love the MGM - its perfectly positioned, has a fantastic casino and the amazing Wet Republic pool is probably worth a trip to Vegas alone! The rooms and clean and spacious and the fantastic green glass probably makes it the second best looking hotel in Vegas (the Mandalay Bay wins on that front.) In terms of luxury it will never compete with many of the strip hotels but it is usually possible to get a good rate which will leave you with plenty of extra cash to 'invest' at the tables.	
Aug 24 2009 	Better than expected	Was a bit worried about this one after mixed reviews. However, the room was clean and comfortable, staff were brilliant, location good and everything you wanted really. Food outlets not brilliant and they do tend to close some of the pools at the weirdest times but all of that you can get round. Good food at the asian restaurant in the Wynn (Red) and the Trevi Italian at Ceasars Palace. Good as a base and in terms of value for money, beds very comfortable and not bad at all.	
Aug 24 2009 	Fabulous girls only trip	I'm really not quite sure why people could ever have a problem with this hotel. Perhaps because it was my first trip to Vegas and I have nothing to compare it to I was more impressed, but I found the accommodations and service to be outstanding. I'll break up my review to make it more organized.Location: MGM is so close to the airport (about a 10 minute drive) so that was nice. It is on one end of the strip so you have to go up if you want to see the rest. I could have dealt with staying somewhere more centrally located, but we did walk from the Belaggio back home one night after several cocktails and it wasn't that bad. Plus there is an overpass that takes you to NYNY. We spent a lot of time over there because it seemed like more of a party atmosphere. Check-in: We arrived at around 1pm and had no problems checking in early. We did not have to wait on line at all. I asked for a Grand Tower room (as opposed to West Wing) and was granted one. All of our &quot;extras&quot; were explained to us and we were sent on our way.Room: The room was very clean and spacious for three girls. The bathroom was large and spotless. The beds were extremely comfortable. We had a smoking room and I didn't feel the room had an overly present odor of smoke. We didn't have our room cleaned while we were there because we had stuff all over the place. We just kept our &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on and made our own beds. Our view was amazing. I realize that some rooms are on the airport side, but not ours! We had a clear view of NYNY, Excalibur, and the Luxor. It was gorgeous at night. Staff: The staff here is awesome. It's like everyone is in a good mood and always willing to help. From the bartenders to the cocktail waitresses, they really want you to feel welcome. Our first drink down at the lobby bar we talked with MGM's beverage director and a couple of the bartenders. They gave us the low down on where to go and when. Our cocktail waitress by the nickel slots was so sweet. Also, the servers in the buffet were on top of everything and also cordial. Everyone was willing to answer questions and always with a smile. If only all hotels had staff as good as these...Buffet: The deal I booked had our meals included 3 times a day if we wished. We never used it that much but many days we did have breakfast and lunch there. The food was good. Nothing to write home about, but there was a good variety and the quality was sufficient. The short ribs were amazing I must say. The only suggestion I would have for the buffet is to change it up a bit. There were the exact same items available for all 5 days we were there. It did get a little boring. The service was great and even though there were really long lines to get in at times, they have a great system that gets you seated and eating pretty quickly. I was glad to have had this option and it saved us a ton of money. Ka: This is one area where I can't give 5 stars. Of course, this is at no fault to the MGM, but I just felt a little ripped off by this show. Perhaps I am used to Broadway productions in NY, but I just felt slighted. I thought Vegas shows were supposed to be the most amazing in the world. I watched a girl twirl a baton for 20 minutes and people pretend to fight. There were a few high points, but I would recommend trying a different show. Craftsteak: We decided to eat at Craft on Saturday evening after seeing Ka. We were promptly seated since we had a reservation. However, the hostess put us in the front of the restaurant almost in the hallway where all of the hotel guests and visitors were passing by. We asked if there was a table further in the restaurant and after initially being refused were moved. That was a good thing because the restaurant is beautiful and with the prices, I wanted to feel the ambiance. This was one of the best meals I have ever had and I highly recommend it if you can spring for it. Pool: We went to the adult pool on the days we did go out. We had no interest in Wet Republic so I couldn't say if it is fun or worth it. The adult pool was nice and relaxing. No kids splashing around, just grown ups sitting in the water reading or drinking giant yard frozen drinks. The pool is very far from everything else though. This is not a complaint, just information. If you want to get from the pool to the buffet it is about a 15-20 walk through the casino. Gambling: We only played slots here. My friend won $40 on the nickels our first day. I had better luck at Excalibur and then downtown Vegas with penny slots. Studio 54: We tried to go one night but it was after 4 am so it was closed. Oops. Taxis: Get in the line for a taxi and please please tip the attendant. I couldn't believe how many people didn't just pull out a couple of bucks to give the poor guy who stands out there all day in the heat. Check-out: Totally quick and easy. All of the perks we had gotten were taken off the bill and I still can't believe how economical the accommodations were.Like I said, this was my first trip to Vegas. I did walk around and see many of the other hotels though and for the deal we got, I wouldn't have wanted to stay anywhere else.	
Aug 24 2009 	Amazing!	When me and my partner booked to stay at the MGM Grand, we read the reviews and recieved mixed views on the hotel, now after going and getting back all i can say is that i would recommend this hotel to everyone. The MGM is only 5 mins drive away from the airport, we flew from Manchester UK so it was a long flight and we were really happy about the fact that we could get to the hotel quite quickly, when we got there the ques for check in took about 15 mins, we slid the assistant 20 dollars and got our room upgraded to a better room with a strip view which was mint! The room was excellent, the bed was like a cloud...only bigger and more comfortable! everytime i lay on it i passed out because it was that good! The room was cleaned everyday, with fresh towels and bedding. The whole hotel is huge! it takes a while to get your bearings when you leave your room, because there are so many different walkways around the casino and restaraunts ETC. We ate breakfast at the Rainforest Cafe most days, which was really nice with reasonable prices, the only downside was a gut who worked there called Jimmy who insisted on telling us and everyone where to go and what to do while we were in Vegas, he was annoying to say the least! We went to see the Cirque du Soloeil show (KA) which is situated inside the MGM, and i can honestly say that it was the best show EVER!!!! Definately worth every penny for the tickets, it was awesome! just a shame you couldnt take photos inside. The pool was nice although we didnt go much because we were too busy exploring everywhere.There is a monorail station connected to the hotel which is the best way to get up and down the strip, 13 dollars for 24 hours, we used it several times a day, it stops at almost every hotel and its way cheaper than getting a taxi. The staff were very friendly all through the hotel, always happy to direct you where to go when we got lost. Overall the hotel was brilliant, im already planning our next holiday there and i only got back 2 days ago! i hope this helps everyone.	
Aug 23 2009 	Average Strip Hotel	I spent three days in Vegas as part of a larger trip. I hadnt stayed at the MGM for many years, but we were looking for a cheap stay and they had a great deal on bungalow suites - $120ish a night - so for that price i thought why not.The room was a great size although a bit shabby. There was a mini-bar with nothing inside it - which was annoying since it is always so far to go down to the casino for a drink late at night. I certainly wouldnt be paying much more for the room than what i did. The bed was huge and comfortable. The bed linen was suprisingly decent - and had obviously been refreshed more recently than the hotel room itself!! The bathroom was acceptable but also in need of a refurb, the towels were average.Wireless internet access is charged on a daily basis which i think is a bit tight - in this day and age it should be complimentary.The hotel is basically straight down the middle in terms of quality, a standard strip hotel - no more no less. Casino is fine, restaurants, pool etc are fine. Its not going to set the world on fire, but then at the price i was paying who cares.Unfortunately the location these days leaves a lot to be desired. Usually i stay up at the bellagio junction which is much more convenient for shopping, eating and nightlife. The MGM is just a bit too far away from the action.	
Aug 23 2009 	I would stay somewhere else next time	I already submitted a post for this but didn't realize I could not edit it later so I am redoing it and completing it in its entirely.  We were scheduled to stay from a Tuesday through Saturday but arrived a day earlier. Initially customer service was great. They went out of their way to move us from our basic room that we had the first unscheduled night to the Marquis Suite we had originally reserved by allowing us late check out from one room and early check in to our Marquis SuiteAs other people have pointed out, the hotel rooms are dated for the most part. We had a 1500 square foot Marquis 'suite' and it has three 27 inch tube tvs. The marble bar in the room is filthy as my wife has pointed out. Some of the wall paper is peeling. There is a small fridge in the marquis suite but no fridge in the basic room.The furnishings and paintings are definitely from the 80's with brass trim around the bathroom shower doors and closet doors.The bed in the standard room with two queen beds was terrible. The sheets were hard, scratchy and uncomfortable. The bed dipped in the middle and caused sleeping problems for me.The biggest complaint I had is the air conditioning. It has been noted by several people here. It did not cool down enough in the basic room we had last night. We lived with it. There was one unit in the basic room. In the marquis suite there are 4 units. The suite is large and there are windows pretty much continuously from one end to the other Probably 80 feet of windows about 5 feet high. They allow a huge amount of heat from the sun in the room. The 4 units, do not provide enough cooling power. I should say that 3 units do not provide enough power since the one in our bedroom doesn't work. I have made three phone calls in the past 5 hours and the only that has been done is that a low level maintenance guy came out to replace a filter that was essentially new and didn't need changing. They offered to move us to another room but we have already settled in and don't wish to move again. I just want them to fix the damn air conditioner. We are getting towards the end of a two week trip.The drain in our sink in the basic room was very slow and made gurgling noises.The walk from the room to the pool was only about 5 minutes as well as to the buffet. I will update this later to reflect other aspects of the hotel. Right now the room is an issue for me.Internet is $450.00 a month at $15 a day.The following happened after I submitted the above..................I finally decided that I could not handle the a/c not working in the bedroom. I called a few more times and got really irritated with the facilities people and the front desk managers that kept passing the buck. Around 10pm the first night in the Marquis Suite I agreed to be moved to another suite and requested to talk to the hotel manager. He was not available but they said he would call me. They had somebody come up with keys to a different Marquis suite. The new Marquis Suite had just been completely remodeled and from what I was told, it was an experimental design and it was the only one like it in the entire hotel. I had no idea of what to expect. I will briefly describe the room here even though there is only one of them. The layout is essentially the same as the Marquis Suite shown on the MGM site except for the fact that there are two 50 inch lcd's in the front room with seating for 8. The dining table sat 5. There was a pool table in the front room with another 42 inch lcd next to that. Each of the two bedrooms had a 42 inch lcd tv. Each of the two master bathrooms had tv's behind the mirror. Everything was new. The shower in each bathroom was so large that each end of the shower had a separate large rainfall shower head with hand held shower nozzle for the hard to reach areas. In one bathroom there was also a jetted tub with LED lights. There was stainless steel trim around the doors and everything was contemporary. The remotes for the tv were touch screen and also controlled the electric drapes/shears/lights. The a/c thermostats were all digital. All the carpeting, flooring, drapes, sinks, counters, etc were different and new. It didn't resemble the old Marquis Suite at all except for the outline of the room. One complaint I read on here was about the drunk people being noisy in the hallway or their rooms. The walls are thin here and people in their rooms are easily heard as you walk by their door in the hallway. We had some kids running up and down the hallway and our last night, 4 young guys were trying to get their key card to work on our door. I was watching them via the peep hole and they eventually went away. I think they thought they were on a different floor. The Marquis Suites are on the end and have concrete walls so there was no noise from other rooms transferring to our room. The floors and ceiling are concrete also so it was pretty quiet all around. Oddly enough, the new updated suite still had some of the plumbing problems noted by others and experienced by me in the previous Marquis Suite that was not updated. When the tub drained or the sinks drained, there were a series of gurgling noises coming from the shower drain and vice versa. The other thing is that the a/c units in the new unit still used the old old a/c unit except they were retrofitted with digital displays. They worked better than the a/c units in the old Suite but they still sucked as far as I am concerned. The a/c unit in our Disney hotel would get down to 66 easily. The one in our bedroom got down to about 73 and the front room ones got down to about 74: they could not get any lower at any time day or night. This is too warm for me. When I sleep I like it to be in the upper 60's. My home a/c does this with no problem. The rest of the room was so great we did not complain a second time. The unit in the other bedroom did get down to about 67. Maintenance here is not up to par.The hotel food court had a poor selection. There was a fat Tuesday's, a pretzel place, a Hagen Daz, McDonald's, Mama ilardos pizza, Nathans hot dogs, and a Panda Express type of place. The other places were sit down which I did not visit. I felt the selection was very poor after going to a place like New York New York across the street. We had a deal where we got the buffet for free during our stay. I would give the buffet a 5 out of ten if I were in a generous mood. The lines ranged from 5 minutes to about 25 minutes. There were plenty of tables to seat us at but they insisted on making us stand and wait in line for our tables. It is obvious they didn't hire enough people to bus the tables promptly and only half of the steam pans were being used. They could have easily had everybody sit down quickly but management is lacking here. It was pretty disorganized. In order to get any butter for the rolls, you had to ask your individual server to get it for you. To get anything to drink you also have to wait for the server to take your order and bring it to you. I guess this is their way of trying to get tips out of you even though you get your own food. The food quality and selection was sub par. I say this after having eaten at the Carnival buffet at the Rio Hotel during my same trip. The Rio had about ten times as many items, is much larger and actually a few dollars cheaper. The MGM buffet would get one star out of ten compared to the Rio buffet. Even with the buffet being free for us, we found ourselves tired of it after the second day. We paid to eat elsewhere such as the close by Subway, Wendy's, Del Taco, McDonald's, etc. The MGM buffet doesn't even compete with the local Indian owned casino by my house.I used the valet a few times during our stay. We had to wait less than ten minutes for our car and on the last day I discovered that you can call down to valet and have the car brought up so it is ready as soon as you get downstairs. This worked well.The pools seemed ok. I only went once. They were pretty much empty in the morning but certainly filled up quickly. We could see a few pools from our Suite. There are 5 pools. They have an adult area called Wet Republic that charges admission. I did not go in there but the moo moo's I saw going in there certainly were not any motivation for me to pay and see them in a two piece.Check in was quick and we did automated check out via the tv. Our bill appeared to be correct.There seemed to be too much smoke in here and I suspect maintenance is an issue in this area also. Our twelve year old found the smoke offensive and made it clear to us he didn't like it.If I got the same updated suite with a great deal again I would stay at the MGM again but they don't guarantee a particular room and if there is only one of the type of room I stayed in, then I would hate to be stuck at the check in desk getting a different crappy room. They have to update all of their rooms and the hotel can use a major renovation. Maybe they should just bulldoze it. It is long in the tooth to say the least and I suspect they are funneling all their money into their City Center project across the street. Any hotel still using tube tv's is pretty much a motel six in my book.I am not a big traveler but I have stayed at the Palazzo, Venetian, Disney Grand Californian, Luxor, Woodway in Vancouver BC, and various other less grand hotels.	
Aug 22 2009 	Mgm Grand - Just Fabulous!	Just returned from a 5 night stay at the MGM Grand and I would thoroughly recommend it! After a long 10 hour flight from the UK we were greeted by extremely friendly members of staff who were only happy to help us with our check in and directing us to our room.The hotel is just out of this world really large almost a bit too much to take in at first, the casino area is really lovely absoutley massive i think i read there is 5,550 square feet of casino. Our hotel room was lovely with a fantastic view of the strip. Maid service was fantastic every day we got fresh towels and our room was spruced up. I felt the MGM had a great location close to the main hotels and if you wanted to travel a bit further out $13.00 at the monorail gave you an all day pass the all the monorail stops along the strip which is much cheaper than what you can expect to pay in taxi's. For those travellers who love to shop, for a more budget shopping experience I would recommend the Premium Outlets which has Juicy Couture, Ralph Lauren, True Religion etc at very reasonable prices. The Las Vegas Outlet Centre was also good but didn’t have quite as much choice. For those who have a budget for anything I would truly recommend the forum shops at Caser’s Palace they are out of this world really worth the trip.	
Aug 21 2009 	Not that grand	We recently decided to take advantage of the great rates we were offered to stay at the MGM Grand for a Sun-Tue stay. It was our first stay at the Casino although we've gone out to dinner and seen shows there in the past we thought it would be a great place to try out. The lines were very long and it was a lengthy wait for both check-in and check-out. The hotel/casino is large and grandiose but not a grand place to stay. The walk to the pool is extremely long so you'd better pack everything you need and wear comfortable shoes. We've had more comfortable stays at some of the other casinos and have received comps in the past. For having gambled away $1k or so &amp; used the Players Club card I'd expect that they would have thrown in a free meal or something along the way, but they didn't. We will never stay there again. It's just so congested and they don't seem to try to accommodate their guests much or show that they care. Rooms are so-so and service is mediocre.	
Aug 21 2009 	Only stay there if you get a deal - not the best on the strip	It is an okay hotel. Service was good. Restaurants are okay. The suite we had was outdated, but they were in the process of re-doing the entire floor. Maybe we had an old suite. The best thing about this hotel is the access to the monorail. Go in lion's head/Tropicana Blvd entrance, through the small strip of shops and the monorail is right there. In other hotels, you must go a long way to get to a monorail stop. The casino is almost too large, but it is fun to see the lions. We liked the bridge to NYNY, which we prefer to MGM. The location is at the southern end of the strip, so the monorail is valuable. We were just sort of underwhelmed.	
Aug 21 2009 	If you want Cheap without the chearful its OK... but not worth it!	After a complete cock up with Thomas Cook My family and I, of which there were 9 of us in total, found ourselves abandoned at McCarran airport for at least 3 days !!!We had checked out of the Bellagio earlier that day so had been used to a level of quality and service that was brilliant, and you would expect to pay more than $139 per night... yes that $139 per room per night thats all ! Go book there!!!Anyway, we had to decide on a hotel and seeing as I had stayed all over the world with Hilton I recommended that.. so we checked in to the Hilton. HUGE mistake (see my review!)After one night in that flea pit we decided to hunt around for another $100 a night hotel and found the MGM Grand. Grand indeed we thought! We were even told to get rooms in the West Wing if we could as it had been 'remodelled' but only had king beds in the room (DBL Queen beds were only in the grand tower) We needed 2 King Rooms and 2 Dbl Queen Bed Rooms... so we booked 2 of the Grand Tower rooms and 2 of the West Wing Rooms.Remodelled... they failed to tell us that the whole wing had been remodelled on Alcatraz! It was like a scene out of Prisoner Cell Block H !!!!From the Lifts (elevators!) you pass through the lovely looking Grand tower... the rooms of which are dated but pleasant, the decor is a little tired but OK and the corridors have a touch of grand... then you arrive in the west wing!Grey &amp; Boring!The rooms are VERY small, modern with shower but no bath and glass fittings etc... but not cosy and not worth the money!Pay the extra and stay at the Bellagio... you wont regret it !The pool area is the only thing worth noting. Lots of pools, plenty of sunloungers, rapid river which is great for the kids (and adults too!)	
Aug 21 2009 	Very good stay with no problems	Stayed here for 4 nights. We were celebrating my wife's birthday. Our room, a Celebrity suite ($82nt0, was in good order. The concierge (Lorraine Garcia) that I made arrangements for a pool cabana and flowers (by phone) was the most professional hotel employee I've dealt with in years. There is a very good selection of restaurants, bars and entertainment here. See Cirque du Soliel KA. It's a visual feast! The staging is unlike anything I've seen and I'm a regular theater go'er.If you don't like to walk, the MGM Grand is not for you. This place is huge!	
Aug 20 2009 	Great Stay at MGM Grand Casino Vegas	We stayed for 5 days at the MGM grand and it was great. The hotel is a resort in itself, and has absolutely everything you could wish for, There are loads of restaurants to suit all tastes, even the kids had the macdonalds in their too. The rooms were lovely - we had a bungalow suite with a view of the airport and, Excalibur and Hooters etc.The only thing we did not like was the fact that this hotel, as I am sure many ot the hotels in the strip are frequented by escorts and the like. Albeit ladies who blend in very well with the hotel huests , its not particularly nice when your husband is approached at the hotel lift foyer by one of these ladies offering her number and a massage at 2.30 in the afternoon . !!Its not the place for kids at all, we had sveeral under 18s n our group of 23 and they could notsit at the machines or watch they had to continually move around and stay on the red carpet - so please consider this if you are travelling as a family.Ideal for the young and single, as there is nighlife in abundance especially Studio 54 in the hotel - great music but for 4 bottles of water in the club a mere $30.However apart from the odd couple of negatives it is a lovely hotel with a perfect location - just dont go there in July when its 115 degrees - and the wind is like a hot hairdryer in your face :)Apart from the odd	
Aug 20 2009 	A little disappointing	I picked this hotel from the reviews on TripAdvisor and all in all it was just OK. The rooms are very stylish and comfortable and everything worked fine. We stayed in the West Wing but might have rethought it if we had known that it is a VERY long walk from the casino and front of the hotel. The parts we didn't like about the room were: there was no DO NOT DISTURB sign for the door (we were awakened each morning by the housekeeping staff), and no refrigerator/minibar. I was desperately looking forward to a relaxing morning in the room, waking up late and lazing around with a cup of coffee. You are forced to order room service or make the long trek to a starbucks in the main level of the hotel.We arrived to long lines at the front desk and concierge (which never seemed to dissipate). The concierge was very helpful- but go to your room and call them to avoid the lines.If you are looking for a pool experience then get there early to establish &quot;camp&quot; there were too many people (mob scene) and they were actually fighting over the lounge chairs!The restaraunts are fabulous- we ate at Shibuya (a unique and DELICIOUS!), and Sea Blue. At each we had the tasting menu- the way to go!We saw KA and Crazy Horse- both AMAZING and highly recommended.Last, be informed that they perfume the air in the casino. I didn't notice that in any other casino/hotel while we were there, only the MGM	
Aug 19 2009 	Exciting discount code with inclusions	Received a great discount code for our Vegas trip! MGM031 is the offer code that gives you $150 worth of inclusions.... $50 golf credit, $50 food credit, and $50 spa credit. Great deal considering the rate is still lower than the posted hotel rate. Now if I can only find a discount code for a good hotel in New York when I go in October! =P	
Aug 18 2009 	Great Time	At first i was a lil weary booking this hotel after reading some of the reviews but i decided what to check it out myself and I'm glad that I did. Upon arrival our check in was speedy and the lady at the front desk was very nice. We had to wait about 40 minutes for our room so we checked our bags and ate at some sandwich place. It was a lil pricey but hey your in vegas. After checking into our room which was a little dated but worth what i paid, we went straight to the pool. Great pools by the way. There are several options. If you are there on the weekend skip Wet Republic unless you like to wear stilettos and fake eyelashes to the pool. You can have just as much fun in the producers pool. A young crowd, dj and lots of drinks. Beers are 25 for 5 and they have yard glasses that you can buy for 22 then refill for 9. Not to bad. There is also a pool were there are lots of little kids so you have options. This place is huge so be prepared to walk 5 thousand feet to your hotel room. The hallways are super long. Warning do not lay in the beds if you do not want to fall into the best sleep you have ever had. They are the most comfortable beds i have ever slept in. I stayed on the 10th floor in room 10-134, no view except for the airport, which i can really care less about. I was only in the room to shower and sleep. There is no mini frig which did suck but i wasnt completely annoyed. The TV channels do suck though. Half of them are in chinese and spanish the rest are advertisements for vegas. Again i can really care less about TV when im there but i thought id throw that in. It is at the far end of the strip but they have a monorail that runs to the other hotels. Its 5 dollars one way, 13 round trip. I didn't have any problems with any drunk loud people at all roaming the hallways. The buffet is ok, good deal for 29.99 all day. Same menu for lunch and dinner. I wouldn't suggest it if you want a super fantastic buffet, go somewhere else. The lion exhibit was horrible, unless you have never seen a lion before. The only time i had to wait for an elevator was on Sunday when it seemed like the whole hotel was checking out. Monday it was a totally different crowd, lots of older people and families. Overall I had an excellent stay. It was worth the money and would stay again if i was looking to save a buck!!	
Aug 17 2009 	BE CAREFUL .. PROBLEMS IN CASINO	Hello Everyone, I would like to inform you that I just came back from Las Vegas trip and I was extremely disappointed with MGM Casino. I visited every casino but something very bad happened to us while we were there and I would like to caution you in advance.We stayed with our relatives who are older people and while we were gambling, security arrested my 70 year old uncle saying he was selling fake casino chips and they took him with them. Whole family didn’t know anything about him for 3-4 hours and they were very rude to his wife and did not want to give any information to her about his situation. His wife, worried to death, knowing that he is honest man fainted and ambulance took her to hospital. She suffered from a minor heart attack which was caused by the stress created in MGM Casino. After 3 hours they let him go, without apology and all they said was “wrong man”. Overall, very bad service, i would not EVER recommend anyone to go there, and we were very disappointed with this Casino. Please be very careful if you go there.	
Aug 17 2009 	Fairly OK but wouldn't do it again.	Loud drunks two morning in a row in our hall so I decided to check out at which point a floor captain apologized and talked me into checking back into hotel. I thought oh ok and my daughter called back to front desk to let them know. Great they said come on back and we'll get you checked in, well that's when we met the checkin clerk fresh from the Soviet Bloc. Who proceeded to chastise me for allowing my daughter to call into the front desk. It was against their procedures she tells me. So I try to explain, listen I actually was out of here but bumped into one of the pit bosses over there and we got to talking and so ... We are very busy she tells me, and doesn't have time for excuses.&quot;Drunks in the morning, dimwit checkin clerks, I was done. The manager, Ben I believe finally came over and gave us an OK room &quot;to make up&quot;, but we moved to the Bellagio. Ya, BIG difference. Bellagio service, food, shopping, all wonderful and no drunks waking us up to boot. Lesson learned. Trying the Venitian next.	
Aug 17 2009 	Standards Slipping a little.....	Have stayed at the MGM Grand for 3 of the past 4 years and must say the last stay was rather disappointing. The hotel is it's usual big and brash self but the Credit Crisis and associated reduction in staff is showing!Long queue to check in. On arrival to West Wing room, Aircon not working. I was asked to meet security at another room. No show, had to go to front desk and queue again to get another room. When packing up and leaving original room, new guests that had been assigned the room were at door. Didn't seem to pleased that they had to go down to reception again!Even with specific requests, our room was consistently getting cleaned late in afternoon (3 - 4 pm). This meant that when returning from a hard day sunbathing, the room either hadn't been cleaned or was still in the process of getting cleaned.Advertises 39 TV channels but at least 10 are advertising MGM Grand events and shows, 2 are Spanish and 2 Chineese language. This is a big change from previous years.Bose hi fi took CD's and provided a radio. Even though AUX input allowed, no simple cable provided for MP3 players.....Who takes CD's on holiday these days?! DVD player only plays region 0 DVD's (USA) so completely useless for travellers bringing DVD's from any other country. It is simple to de-regionalise these DVD players to allow any DVD to play in them but hotel doesn't provide an original DVD Player remote (TV remote controls DVD player) to allow this simple de-regionalise process. The reasons we paid a little extra for this room was negated by not being able to use the Bose or DVD player.Fewer people serving drinks on the gambling floor.Food quality at the Cabana pretty poor. Big price difference between bars in the hotel and at the pools. Water in hotel costs $5 per bottle and by the pool just shy of $10 per bottle. Same price differences for frozen cocktails!Buffet - Breakfast pretty good with a reasonable selection. Lunch not too bad either. Dinner is just a repeat of lunch with half of the serving positions empty meaning a very poor selection. The eat all day offer is pretty good value but don't expect too much selection for dinner!!Cleaning around pools pretty poor with towels/bottles left lying for several days.Staff and management quite happy to lie to customers. Requested late check out on last day (bearing in mind room never serviced early) told that no late check outs available. Asked if hotel fully booked on a Wednesday night to bo told that it was. When reeled off complaints, was told they would be able to stretch 1 hour to 12 midday. Asked to speak to management and they also stated that hotel was fully booked but would allow us to stay until 1 pm. Checked online and all bedroom types were available with multiple rooms.	
Aug 17 2009 	Busy Busy Busy	I stayed here for a week in August 2009. Incredibly busy hotel, not surprising considering it is the biggest hotel in the world. The good things- Big, comfortable roomsFantastic view from the roomCity centreseveral restaurants and the casino on the ground floorSeveral swimming poolsThe bad things-Not enough working elevators- sometimes queued for 10 minutes to get in an elevatorLots of very rude, drunk people running about the hotel- several times had people running up and down the corridor in the early hours screaming and laughing. It seems there were many stag and hen parties at the hotel that week.Prepaid a non-refundable &quot;VIP&quot; card on the room for $500.00 that could be used anywhere in te hotel- however three of the restaurants would not let me use the card to pay.Restaurants were very expensive for mediocre quality food - £30.00 for a dinner buffet that was just a big fry -up basically and the place was run like a zoo. The good quality restaurants in the Hotel were even more expensive - $50.00 per person for a 2 course meal- again the food was pretty ordinary quality.	
Aug 17 2009 	One of the best on the strip!	We have just come back for a weeks stay in Vegas, we stayed in a West Wing room at the MGM and what a hotel! The room was spacious and modern, the bed was super comfy and duvet and pilllows were to die for. The hotel and casino is HUGE, there are a massive choice of restauarants, we ate at Wolfgang Pucks, the Pearl and Strata, all were fantastic! We had the breakfast buffet (you must try) there is so much choice and everything is very fresh! But go early as queues can build up late morning! The Lion Habitat is a fantastic addition, to the hotel and well worth going to see. We found the pool very busy and had lots of kids in it - if you are over 21 and like partying you MUST go to the Wet Republic pool, which hosts famous DJ's on a weekly basis!Most hotels in Vegas are excellent but I would thoroughly recommend the MGM, it's in the heart of it all and there is so much to do there!	
Aug 16 2009 	Lovely room and great pools	We stayed in a Celebrity Spa Suite on the 30th floor for two nights before we went to TheHotel for a week. We really loved our room, it was big and quiet and clean and just what we needed. The walk from the lifts took a while but that's only to be expected in such a big hotel. The bathroom was huge but not fancy. The pool area is wonderful and the lazy river is MUCH better than the one at Mandalay Bay. Yes you are charged to hire a float for the river but it's only $16 and worth every penny.The casino did get very busy but we always found a place to sit.Room service was quick and efficient.The MGM buffet is great value. As with all the hotels on The Strip we had to pay for interent access.When we go back to Vegas we will certainly stay here again.	
Aug 16 2009 	Would not stay again	We booked a Bungalow Suite and found out it had an interconnecting door on the first night when the noise from the people partying next door started - they would have been as well sharing our room directly. The noise was horendous. The hotel took the view that we were trying to get a free upgrade when we complained. They offered to move three adults to a regular twin room with extra bed - 2 downgrades. I stated that they had mis-sold their room as there was no mention on their website of an interconnecting door but they would not help at all. So, for 12 nights we had to endure the noise of various people in the room next door. They were of course on holiday as well so they probably felt the same as us, the only difference being that we had stupidly selected to stay for the 12 nights duration of our holiday and most people were there for 3-5 nights.Food was very poor compared to other hotels/restaurants, buffet (breakfast and dinner)was well below average quality (put to shame by the Luxor) and trying to get drinks whilst playing casino tables was very difficult. Noise at swimming pools again deafening (loud music playing all day), nowhere to go for tranquility/to read.Overall - in our opinion this hotel has a very high opinion of itself and does not deliver what it states on their website, is overpriced and low on quality. This is of course our opinion but please don't waste your money, stay at another hotel even if it is lower graded as these looked just as and if not more impressive.	
Aug 16 2009	All your entertainment needs	We visited Las Vegas as a group for a cousin's wedding. The MGM offered everything you could want for entertainment. We stayed in the basic double room which was an adequate size, quiet, stylishly decorated with a modern bathroom and very clean. But Vegas is not about the room! The MGM had a good selection of places to eat and bars, a lively pool (rather 8 or so pools) including a river that you can float round, excellent shows (especially the cirque de soliel - Ka) and of course all the gambling you could want. The wedding day itself was excellent - the chapel was very tasteful and the service was beautifully done. The reception in one of the suites was brilliant, with excellent views from the terrace and great service from the barman. The only downside with the MGM is that it is located at one end of the strip so it's a long walk down to the centre of the action but there is a very efficient monorail to take the strain out of sightseeing!	
Aug 15 2009 	It was ok	We enjoyed our stay. However when we asked for a room change, the front desk was not that helpful. However they did let us do late checkout with no charge.No free wi-fi in the rooms however near the CBS studios before you get to the pool has free wifi but a long walk from our room.Mcdonalds is hidden behind the optical shop. That little find sooner would have saved us some money. Almost like it was hidden.Overall, it was good. Comfortable beds. Pool area was crowded and I wouldn't call the lazy river lazy. You actually got squirted a lot on the way around and there are people all along it. The lockers were only $1 which surprised me in Vegas.We rode the bus a lot which is $7 for 24 hours. It goes up and down the strip and even downtown.Craftsteak was delicious!	
Aug 15 2009 	I'd stay away if I were you	This lovely hotel is too large and poorly managed. You are herded like sheep. They check you in without activating your telephone or guest privileges unless you ask. The registration line is worst than LAX during rush hour. The rooms are awful--very modern with toilet in stall that looks like you are in a public restroom. The shower is very dark and hard to see. They have poorly designed the rooms so that the shower is next to the halldoors. The hallways are as long as a football field. Walking through the casino to access your room is worst than most casino hotels because the MGM is so darn big. Do yourself a favor and look for smalll better managed properties. If this is what future travel will be like, I will be staying home.	
Aug 15 2009 	OK Stay but would consider someplace else	We were in Vegas for a friend's wedding. We stayed at MGM Grand because that's where the bride and groom were staying. MGM Grand is big. I read reviews prior to going and found them accurate. Parking is free, but it's worth the few dollars tip to valet. The garage is huge, we spent more time looking for our car then should have been necessary. Waiting for your car from valet can be long, for there are many people using it. Once you get the layout of the hotel/casino, it's pretty easy to get around. Plan on a lot of walking. The elevators are slow and crowded, but when you are on the 23rd floor, walking up wasn't much of an option. We had a &quot;city&quot; view, not the Strip and it was blah. Did get to see the sunrise which was nice. Exercise room has a fee, as does internet service. Didn't use either. Our stay included the Grand Buffet all day access for two. We used it for breakfast, which was good. Tried one lunch and one dinner and they were good too. But it is the same food everyday. Very expensive as was everything in Vegas. I guess they feel people go there to gamble and waste money. Did ask the concierge desk what show was worth seeing. After a long wait in line to talk to someone, she suggested Cirque.... KA show which she said she saw 4 times and loved it. I had to fight to stay awake during it. The last 1/3 was interesting acrobatics, but not worth seeing as a whole show. Very disappointing. The room was large and the bathroom was very big. The bed. king, was very comfortable. A few nights of some drunken, loud people in the hall, but otherwise quiet. Housekeeping was accommodating, extra towels and lotions. One day housekeeping skipped our room completely. When we called to mention this and ask for clean towels, nothing was said, but they brought the towels. The casino was a casino, smokey, but not as bad as some. We weren't there to gamble anyway, but you need to walk through the casino to get to other places in the hotel. Check in was about a 10 minute wait. Saw very long lines at times. Check out was instant, no lines. I still don't understand why someone would bring their family to Vegas. It's not for young children. I saw a young mother and father at a slot machine, holding an infant. Is it worth your child's lungs to be subjected to the smoke?	
Aug 13 2009 	Fabulous time	Recently stayed at the MGM on a promotion (air + hotel package ) and had a fantastic time. Since all our meals were all included this allowed us to spend our money on other attractions both in and out of the hotel. The staff ( very busy ) were very helpful and went out of their way to make us feel welcome. The hotel is very large and on many occasions we got lost or should I say turned around. The buffet was mind boggling as there was so many choices. All in all, if the MGM had another promotion like that, we would be down there in a flash.	
Aug 13 2009 	A Great Experience	Stayed here for 2 weeks in July and had a pleasant experience here. The hotel had everything I expected. The only slight downside is the rooms are a bit dated, but the space cannot be doubted and the beds are awesome.To be honest I think a bathroom update and a HD tv would do the trick.The pool and ammenties were 1st class as were the mjaority of restaurants we tried especially the japanese and italian place opposite each other.Would stay here again but it depends on your ideal location on strip.	
Aug 13 2009 	Gross place to stay	We initially booked our hotel at the MGM Grand because they had a great room rate and we figured we wouldn't even be in the room that much since we were there for a concert and it's Vegas. We were greeted by an unfriendly front desk staff to start. Then we were given a king room that we didn't reserve (understandable) which had a horrible sewage problem. Raw sewage was seeping through the shower drain. We switched rooms but the only room they had that wasn't in the west wing (another zip code away) was a smoking room. We sucked it up and took the smoking room which was soooo funky. We canceled our reservations and went to the Wynn Hotel. It felt like going from hell to Heaven. Never staying there again.	
Aug 13 2009 	Diamond Of The Strip	The first time I went to Las Vegas I stayed at the Flamingo Hotel and found that I didn't have a very enjoyable time. For the last two times that I have been I have stayed at the MGM, the MGM is a great hotel due to its location on the strip. It is right in the center of the action and you can take the monorail to access other attractive hotels such as caeser's palace. The highlight of the MGM is the swimming pool (or pool's), it is great for families and great for newly turned 21 year olds who want to hang out and get drunk by the pool as they sometimes play music and have a waiter service for drinks from the bar which will be brought to you sun beds. There are also several restaurants within the complex such as Wolfgang Puck's restaurant. My personal favourite is the general hotel restaurant which sells typical American food in large portions. The rooms are extremely nice, and are not at all small (which is usually expected of city hotels) everything in Vegas is grand and this hotel certainly abides by these rules. Our room had a view of the Las Vegas strip, and it is easy to upgrade as soon as you get there. If you are looking for a hotel with great shopping facilities, then this hotel is not for you, the best hotels for shopping are caeser's palace and the Bellagio. There still is a shopping center in the MGM but it mostly contains restaurants and little tourist shops. We were well looked after by the staff and without the MGM I do not think our trip would have been as satisfying, a definate must-stay!	
Aug 13 2009 	Nice - but if you want sleep/quiet stay somewhere else	Pros:Check in / Room We arrived Friday night 8/7 and check in was a breeze - we were up to the room in less than 10 minutes in the Grand Tower. Room was spacious, marble bath - all very nice.Pool AreaIt was very big and you could always find chairs even when it was super crowded. Adult only pool a plus! Wet Republic was a day time party - would recommend going on a weekday (Mon to Thurs) ) - as it is free if you are a guest at hotel - weekends there is a $25 cover.Restaurants The ones we tried were excellent and great service too! Craft Steak, Joel Rubechon and Seablue. Breakfast Buffet was also good - delicious fruit.CasinoCould always find a table to play - even certain areas were non smkoing which is always a big plus. Slots galore - even penny, nickel slots - something for everyone.Cons:Room was super noisy - you could hear from one room to the next and EVERYTHING int he hallway - slamming doors at all hours of the night - always a treat!A/C in room even though on high still was not enough.Business center charges to receive a package and also to send one out _ $14 each time - craziness. While we were at the business center someone needed to send a fax and it was $6 (highway robbery). No free wifi anywhere in the hotel - $14.95 for access per day. They would not even print out airline borading passes, you had to go to the business center and pay $1 per minute ($5 minimum charge + $1 per page to rpint)All in all even though a very large hotel - we liked it and never minded the 10 minute walks to get from point A to point B as mentioned in other reviews. But would definitely choose to stay somewhere else due to the noise levels in the rooms!!!	
Aug 13 2009 	Everything we wanted	This was my first time to Vegas, so I can't offer any comparisons to other hotels on the strip. However, I was really pleased with the MGM, and loved my stay! Yes, it's huge- but I didn't think it was that hard to navigate, as some people have said. The room was clean and the bed was ridiculously comfortable.The selection of restaurants is impressive. We went to Studio 54 and had a great time, too. The casino is pretty standard as far as casinos on the strip go.Only negative- I didn't love the location. It's on the end of the strip, across from New York New York. It a long walk to the middle/other end of the strip. Make sure to look for package deals. I found a package that included the buffet, free entry to studio 54, some free drinks, etc, for a great deal. Definitely dont just pay the price listed on the website- you can do better.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great hotel	The MGM Grand Hotel and Casino had the most wonder beds I have ever slept in at a hotel. Our room was a king size standard room on the 25th floor and it was beautiful, very clean and the cleaning staff was very professional! We stayed for a week and found it to be a very comfortable place to stay. The lazy river and pools were nice, the water pressure in the shower was awesome, great nightlife and an overpriced buffet with okay food but nothing special. The KA theater show was awesome as well. The only negative is that is near the end of the strip but there was plenty to do in that area! Very clean hotel and the children will love the Rainforest Cafe and Lion Habitat too. Another negative, we had to pay $15 to use the internet!	
Aug 12 2009 	Nice place!	I stayed at the MGM from July 11th thru July 15th after receiving an email offer for 3-nights free (sign up for players cards wherever you go!), I paid $79 for the 4th night. This was my 4th trip to Vegas, the previous 3-times I stayed at the Excalibur.The hotel is huge, busy, and in a great location. I always use the monorail (versus taxi's) to get around the strip, so it was nice being closer to where its located at.The food was good, and the room was nice. The gambling was also good!Would I stay there again if I wasn't comped?? I'm not sure, but Vegas is hurting for business so it shouldn't be a problem getting a room comped in the future.Oh yeah, check-in was a nightmare! Fearing the same nightmare for check-out, I used the express checkout instead!	
Aug 12 2009 	Amazing Absolutely Amazing!	We stayed at the MGM Grand at the end of July 2009. My now husband and I were their getting married. This hotel is huge and very lovely. I stayed in the Celebrity Spa Suite and our room was gorgeous. We had no problems while staying here. The rooms, hallways, and entire hotel was very clean. The hotel is crowded but what do you expect from ANY hotel in Vegas, they are all crowded. I will definitely stay here again. The housekeeping staff was awesome. Whatever we needed they went out of their way to get it for us! They made my wedding/honeymoon vacation a wonderful experience.	
Aug 11 2009 	the hotel has very good location.	Don't spend too much for the hotel room although it is very cozy, cause except a few sleeping hours you will not stay in it while you are in Las vegas.	
Aug 11 2009 	Loved It!	We stayed at the MGM for 3 nights, and loved it. We got in early, 9:30 am, so our room wasn't ready, but they had excellent curb side service to check our bags in. When we came back to check into our room, the service was quick and they gave us a room with the view of the strip when we asked where the room was located. We booked reservations right away for KA which is right at MGM (as guests we got a big discount), and it was utterly AMAZING, and one of the true highlights of our trip. Our room was very nice, clean, and the bed extremely comfortable. The walls must be very thick, because our room was quiet. We slept like babies and this was without drinking! The overall atmosphere has a great vibe to it. There is honestly nothing negative to say, and we would definitely stay at the MGM again.	
Aug 11 2009 	Good for First Timers but big and crowded	8th time to Vegas for me and a few of my friends. Most of the time we stay across the street at NY NY, but MGM was a bit cheaper so we tried it out. I learned from other reviews and Vegas hotel stays that where the room is located in the hotel is very important. I took a 4th floor room 5 doors from the Elevator. That was really the only positive thing the hotel went out of their way for us. Don't lock yourself or lose your room key, or risk waiting a long time to get a replacement. The pool was way to crowded - although it was a saturday. Nobody was checking room keys at the entrance as typical for Vegas Hotels. We nicknamed the shower in our room &quot;the elephant hose.&quot; It was way too strong and only about 5 feet high, but it got everyone clean. The &quot;extras&quot; were annoying too $35/night for a rollout and $15/24 hrs for wireless - per computer. My Iphone 3G was spotty, so I got the wireless but it only lasted a little while. They did easily take that off my bill after I complained. But other than those things and being super crowded it was ok. The Casino was also just ok. Lots of table games and reasonable minimums. Drink service was slow, even when tipping big. The smell of smoke lingered even when people around you weren't smoking. If you are planning on playing a lot, make sure you get a players card and use it. You need to eat and charge everything to your room to get it comped off. It's a screwy system, but it's the MGM way. You never know where you're at, but we were playing a ton and only got 1 night free. To give the example, I was comped playing $25 hand/12 hrs and got squat. My friend who played $38/hand for 15 hours qualified us for the free room. You can stay at smaller places on or off the strip and get treated much better in terms of comps.	
Aug 11 2009 	Not a 5 Star Resort but Definetley an Amazing Time	Going into this stay I did not expect 5 star service. There were some issues at check in but they were handled quickly. Our air conditioner was not working correctly. After 3 calls to the front desk a maintenance guy came up to fix it. It needed a new motor. It took 2 other calls to get a new filter. We were comped with 2 free buffets meals!The pool is breathtaking. There are 4 or 5 different pools. One pool has waterfalls and there is also a lazy river. The hotel is huge but I do not feel as if it is anything to complain about. There is a spa, shops, different restaurants. I would not stay here again only because there are so many other hotels in Vegas to experience.	
Aug 10 2009 	Very Fun	We stayed for 3 nights-This place was very fun and We got a great deal which included our meals at the buffet. It is a huge hotel but check in was quick-We were upgraded to the West Wing but the room was small and had a bad odor so We moved to The Grand Tower. The room was nice but it was an adjoining room so We heard Our neighbors all night-Also We heard noise from above in the morning. We switched rooms to a non adjoining room which was smaller and not quite as nice but even with people partying next door it was completely quiet. The front desk staff were really nice. We loved the pool area-It was a giant party and everyone (Young,Old and In Between) was having fun. The Lazy River and its waterfalls were a highlight-It was crowded but that added to the Party atmosphere. The food at The buffet was delicious and the public areas were awesome. The rooms (especially the bathrooms) are ready for renovations, but they were very clean and the beds are so great. The place is so big We hardly left the hotel. The slots were loose here too!! This was a fun fun fun trip and one of the best deals ever. Just dont expect the rooms to be The Ritz.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great place for the first time visitor	This was my 2nd time staying at the MGM. The staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms are pretty good size and the beds are to die for. Im very picky about the bathrooms in hotels and MGM has the best bathroom from all the other hotels Ive stayed in. Big, bright and lots of water pressure for your morning showers! Just remember even if you're a smoker do not book the smoking room since it smells disgusting and that would be the only negative thing about this hotel!The room service is pretty good at the hotel, but with all the restaurants and late night snack areas at the hotel you don't really need to order anything. the breakfast buffet is pretty good at the hotel with a mix of breakfast food, brunch and lunch!the location of the hotel is pretty good since its at the south side of the strip and you get to walk all the way north to the wynn and see all the other hotels and shopping areas on your way.all in all i really enjoyed this hotel and probably would stay here again.ps: try eating at Mr.woo at the Palazzo for an awesome Chinese food!	
Aug 10 2009 	Big Big hotel	Very comfortable room, good service. A bit like living above a huge shopping mall. MGM located at the end of strip so its a fair walk to other hotels such as Venetian and Bellagio etc. Monorail connects to the strip at $ 5 a ride.	
Aug 10 2009 	Wait wait and wait... for lousy service!	BE WARNED -- My boyfriend and I drove from Seal Beach to Las Vegas on Saturday morning - it took us 3 hours and 40 minutes to get there. When we arrived at the MGM Grand, we left our car with the valet and carried our luggage into the hotel -- no one was there to open a door for us and as we stepped in a crowd of hundreds swarmed the massive main lobby area. There were about 15 lines for registration and all of them were backed up almost to the entrance. We waited 40 minutes in line to check-in -- and we were so hungry -- all we wanted to do was settle and get something to eat. Finally, we thought, we are on our way to our room. When we got to the room there was a guy cleaning the carpet -- not a good sign -- and the carpet was soaking wet! We tip-toed in and called the front desk -- after much more complaining than we should have had to do -- they gave us another room on the same floor -- but we would have to wait outside the room with our luggage for security to let us in -- another 25 minutes later a man from security came to open the door -- only the lock was broken and he couldn't open the door. So he called a for the locksmith to come open the door -- he told us &quot;this happens all the time -- not to worry&quot;. Another 30 minutes later and we are finally in our room -- but we don't have keys -- so we have to go back down to the registration desk and switch our keys... so we change our clothes -- hoping to eat soon -- and venture back down to the registration desk to exchange keys -- and after sharing our mishaps -- they &quot;gladly&quot; comp us to the &quot;Grand Buffet&quot;. So we are finally off to eat our &quot;late&quot; lunch... so after walking about a mile through the casino to get to the Grand Buffet -- IT'S CLOSED! And won't be open for another hour and a half. Hmmm... the advertising says &quot;open all day&quot;. So we try the pool area -- because by now we have to get OUTSIDE... after walking another mile we are finally there -- and wait only 15 minutes for a table -- under misters that aren't needed because it's only 76 degrees! So we are soaked before we even order. By the time we finish lunch and get back to our room -- it has taken us longer to settle in our room than to drive there! We had tickets to see Tom Jones in the Hollywood Theater (in the hotel) - we were seated -- we were there early and only a few people were in the theater --we watched 4 or 5 cocktail servers pass us by - even after signaling and waving -- no one stopped to take our order -- when my boyfriend got up and asked a server to take our order -- he told my boyfriend to &quot;hold your horses- buddy&quot;! It never got any better and we never used our &quot;comped&quot; buffet -- we left the next morning and could not get out fast enough -- WORST HOTEL AND CUSTOMER SERVICE WE HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED!	
Aug 10 2009 	Let's get silly!	This is Vegas baby, and everything you could expect. Sexy rooms, lions in the lobby, roulette tables and slot machines everywhere you turn. This place is designed to get you drunk and make you spend money, and you love it.Centrally located on the strip; check it out. Take off your top. Have fun. You're in Vegas.	
Aug 9 2009 	Lovely hotel large rooms clean comfortable beds	We stayed here Aug1 - Aug 4 for 3 nights. We arrived at the hotel early, and our room was not yet ready, however the receptionist gave us room keys and a number to call to see when our room was ready. Because we already had the key, we then rang the number a couple of hours later (still earlier than the official check in time) and they told us our room number and that the room was ready. Ten minutes later our bags were delivered to our room. We were in the Grand tower on floor 22. We didn't have a strip view (we did request one but were not fussed) I guess you could say we had a partial strip view as we could see Excalibur, but who cares anyway as we were not interested in looking out the window while in Vegas.The room was huge. Just a standard King room, but had a long seat , table, desk and chair. Again the bathroom was huge also. More importantly the room and bathroom were spotless. I think we had an interconnecting room too, but could not hear any noise coming from the other room.We booked the room and 3 buffet a day deal. What can I say, for the price we paid, it was an excellent deal, not so much the quality of the food. We ate at the buffet 4 times, 3 breakfast, 1 dinner, only because we were in the casino around these times. The best way for me to describe it, is the food would be the same quality as what you would expect in a food court at a shopping centre. I was a bit put off by a 'breakfast' pizza, but I was more than happy with my cereal and danish for breakfast. My husband had some hot food for breakfast, he said it was a bit tasteless, but it filled the spot.Dinner I had a sweet and sour chicken dish with rice. Other dishes included fried chicken, lasagne, steamed vegetables, prime rib. Dessert consisted of mini cheesecakes, chocolate slices, ice cream. I would never pay to eat at this buffet, but if it is complimentary then it doesn't hurt to try it.Pool area was massive, only went to have a look at it. Had complimentary entry to Studio 54 but did not have time to check it out. Could not get our $20 free slot play to work either, was probably a catch somewhere, but could not be bothered trying to find out how to activate it.So, overall, hotel was great, excellent value (would only attempt the buffet again if was included in the price).The location for us was a bit far down, because we liked spending time at Caesars and the Bellagio.	
Aug 9 2009 	Saved the night	Got the &quot;overbooked and sorry&quot; deal at NY NY, they offered us an occupied room that could be cleaned up....yuck. Sounds hourly lol Anyway, MGM front desk got us a room for $100, comfy, good view and staff was very responsive and polite. I highly recomend this location. Thnaks for saving our first night and allowing me a few hrs of needed sleep.	
Aug 9 2009 	A great place to stay	MGM Grand was a great place to stay...booked the hotel through Southwest Airlines Vacations...room was in excellent condition, cool, and very comfortable..the room overlooked the strip and had an awesome green glow at night from the floodlights when you walked in from your day of fun. Merrie at the front desk did an excellent job in getting us into our room after we did the airport check-in and our original room wasn't quite ready...a little bit of politeness goes a long way with the Vegas hotel staff instead of being rude and demanding...some people next to me were rude trying to get their way and the desk staff just smiled all the way through it...needless to say my wife and I were on the way to our room to relax from a long day of flying and you could still hear them griping. Tip your maid daily and your room will be ready by the time you return in the afternoon (we would come in around 3 or 4 to relax and the room was 100% re-done and fresh). Overall, food was great, especially at Nobhill (get the CableCar to drink and share the lobster pot pie)...ate at the food court once for breakfast along with the cafe on our last day (excellent omelet)...also ate at Wolfgang Puck's for dinner...food was good there as well...the hotel did a great job accommodating our request for a non-smoking room...22nd floor was awesome. Monorail station on premises an added plus...did the bus one time on a previous trip...never again...prefer the monorail and the power of my own two feet (faster than the bus on the strip)...If you can get 22-121 you will enjoy it (utility room on one side and thick walls on the other). The only noise we ever heard was from some noisy teens and 20-somethings walking down the hallway but never anything going on all night long like some of the other experiences tell. My wife's 40th birthday was a truly memorable experience thanks to the MGM staff. We will definitely go back!	
Aug 8 2009 	Central location = value for money	Location &amp; amenities are definitely the reasons to choose this hotel - fairly central on The Strip, access to the Monorail, easy walking to nearby hotels via walkways (NYNY, Excalibur, Luxor). Great choice of restaurants in the hotel itself, especially Craftsteak &amp; Fiamma.Booked online via hotel website - $139 per night for non-smoking standard King. No view to speak of (air conditioning unit &amp; exterior wall), but room was large &amp; clean with comfortable bed &amp; quality linens - the important things! Adjoining door to adjacent room was problematic - bunch of loud guys returning from the nightclub every night!	
Aug 8 2009 	Good stay at MGM	This hotel has it all and is what made it a good base for us as first timers to Vegas.We checked in at the airport (higly recommend it if you fly into terminal 1, no que!) and were not disappointed at the size of our room. It was clean, spacious and the bed was super comfy! We were on the 17th floor, no smoking and had a view of the strip. For the amount of time we spent in there, it was perfectly acceptable. Bathroom was spacious, shower could have been more modern but was still powerful. The room was better than some Fairmont's we have stayed in this year!The casino is huge and had a good overall vibe to it. Tables were $10 minimum during the day. Pool area was packed but OH is not a sun worshipper so no loss there. Hotel seemed kid friendly (why would you take young kids to Vegas?!!).We travelled on the monorail every day which was handy in the hot weather. We didn't eat at the restaurants but there looked to be plenty of choice.We had no need for services so had no interactions with staff so can't comment!Would we stay there again, yes however we won't do on our next visit. We will probably do the other end of the strip and stay at the Wynn as we spent most of our time that end.	
Aug 8 2009 	Would stay here again...	We very much enjoyed our stay at MGM and would stay here again. Rooms Based on the reviews, we booked only a very basic room, and then upgraded at the front desk upon check-in. I recommend this, as the upgrade price was less expensive at the time of check-in than it would have been if we'd booked it in advance. The MGM site specifically states &quot;We are unable to guarantee specific room types and locations, however a sincere effort will be made to accommodate your needs.&quot;  We stayed in a beautiful suite on a low floor, and had no issues with noise of any kind. The bathroom was lovely, with double sinks and a separate tub and shower (although the shower seems to be designed for people below 5'3''.) The suite included a small fridge, bar sink, in-room safe. It also had separate temperature controls for the bedroom and living room, as well as TVs in each room. Poker Room The poker room is very nice - they have a separate side for tournaments and for cash games. Its built specifically for poker and is set apart from the casino, the way a poker room should be. The staff are pleasant, and the bar service is decent as well. Food We ate at the buffet for breakfast twice and lunch and dinner once. I would not recommend the MGM's buffet - even for breakfast, there are much better buffet options. The food was okay, the service fine, but selection just mediocre compared to others. I also found it so strange that at dinner, they served us in plastic and styrofoam cups instead of proper glassware. (If you're looking for a good buffet, the PH buffet is worth the 10 minute walk). Having said that, the MGM boasts a lot of restaurant options for dinner, and we loved the Wolfgang Puck Bar &amp; Grill. The food and service were excellent, and its nice for a more casual options to the other fine dining choices. We also ordered room service once - food was of a very high calibre, prompt, and nicely presented.Location &amp; Service The MGM is a great location - relatively central to the rest of the strip, right on the monorail line, close to the airport, and easy to access the deuce if you're tired of walking. Its a big hotel, like many of the newer ones, but its not set so far back from the street, which we liked. We received excellent concierge service both by telephone and also at the concierge desk. We booked a show, went to Freemont street, found out about the bus system, and located the nearest pharmacy. Since our flight left late in the day, we checked our bags at the bell desk. They have a reliable system, and when it was time to leave, they brought out our bags to the taxi stand, and brought us right to the front of the line! It was a nice end to our stay, and another indicator of the type of service we appreciate.	
Aug 7 2009 	It was Fabulously Fabulous the vacation that is	Great Hotel but they charge for everyting BEWARE if u get a package 7 bucks wireless 14 bucks a day.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great time at the MGM Grand	This was my 5th visit to Las Vegas in the past few years and i decided to give MGM Grand a go.I have to say that some of the reviews on here must have been very unfortunate to say the least.The reception while large is very grand and the welcome from our receptionist Francis, was excellent and friendly,nothing was to much trouble.When we checked in our room wasnt quite ready, and we were offered an upgrade if we wanted.We already had a bungalow suite booked and were not really bothered about an upgrade for an extra 50$per night.Off the lady went and sorted it free of charge a Marquee suite.It was a great start to the holiday.The room was massive with great views and 2 bedrooms also, with a lounge and dining area and a bar! It could do with a little bit of a freshen up but for us it was a great suite.The bed was massive and extreamly comfortable and the shower while low down(i had to bend down to wash my hair and i'm 5ft11)was powerful and plenty of hot water, although it took a few minutes to warm up some days.There was plenty of storage and the beds were made and room cleaned twice a day.Maria the housekeeper was excellent.There was even a fridge to keep our beers cold!! The hotel itself is a big hotel but not too big to get lost in.The casino is massive and there are plenty of slots and tables to play on.One of the things that did annoy me slightly was the fact they change the price of the card games.This depended on how busy or popular they were at times during the day.You could play poker for 10$ and come back and hour later and the same table would be 20$ a hand for example.This was a little annoying.Other then that the drinks were plentiful and the service was normally with a smile.We ate a couple of times at the buffett, and i have to say i thought the choice on offer had declined a little from last time i was here.The food was lovely and cooked well but the choice available was less then in previoue years.We also ate in Diegos which was excellent and quite resonably priced also.One place to eat just outside the hotel though is Outback steak house next to M&amp;M'S store.The food there was excellent and one of the best steaks i've ever tasted. The pool area was awesome with about 5 pools to choose from and a lazy river.The water was warm but not too warm as someone else mentioned,just enough to take the edge off the heat during the day.The poolside drink service was excellent as to was the food on offer round the pool area.We were a little worried about how long it would take to walk to the pool area from our room as the hotel was so big,but it took only 10mins and the walk was quite pleasant anyway.All in all we had a great stay here at MGM and i wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. I felt the atmosphere and the staff were first class and for the one of the biggest hotels in the world i think they get it right a lot more often then they get it wrong.	
Aug 7 2009 	Plenty of Options – different $$ range!	Overall our stay here was great! We like this hotel because they offer a large number of restaurants at different price points. The pools were excellent. It never really felt too crowded and we got a great spot to sit by the pool every time. The slot machines are NOT that loose and we usually get comps from the hotels we stay in when we go but I don't know if its because of the economy or what but they didn't offer to comp anything. This was a little disappointing considering we stayed in NYNY casino the past 2 times and they gave us food comps both times without even having to ask. All in all this hotel was very nice and convenient. The monorail station being right there or you could go out on the street and catch a bus. That was great!	
Aug 7 2009	Good hotel with a great pool	The MGM is what it is... A huge hotel with everything.The rooms are decent, simple, and needing a slight refreshing.Great selection of restaurants from cheap fast food to great Chef restaurants. My favorite is the mexican restaurant called Diego.The pool is the best part of the hotel. 5 Pools a great lazy river and Wet Republic.	
Aug 6 2009 	Unbelievably bad customer service	We stayed at the MGM Grand the night before our wedding. After a long flight from the UK, we were looking forward to a restful night in a nice hotel. Unfortunately we were put into a room with an adjoining door, which meant that we could hear every word our neighbours said. Unfortunately, but not surprisingly (it is Vegas after all) the people in the room next to us were clearly having a party, and at about 11pm at night it became clear that it would not be possible to sleep through the noise. We called reception to request a room change and were told that there were no other rooms available. This seemed slightly unbelievable considering the fact that people were still checking in. As the room was completely unfit for use (sleeping) we asked about the possibly of leaving the hotel and finding another (which really was the last thing we wanted to do after an 11 hour flight, at 11.30pm, the night before our wedding) but were told that we would still have to pay for the room if we did this. Eventually the manager conceded and said they did have another room, but even completely understandable requests such as 'can we go and sit in the room and see how noisy it is' were responded to in a defensive and unfriendly manner. She wouldn't even tell us which room it was! After going down to the desk and speaking to another individual we were given keys to another room, which was the same price as ours, but smaller with no windows (!), near to a disco and via the staff entrance. We were unwilling to accept this room and ended up having to sleep in a friends room. The most disappointing thing about the experience was the manner in which we were treated and the lack of apologies. At the time I requested a complaint form from the hotel which they said they would email to me - we have yet to receive this. After much complaining they agreed that we could have a nights complimentary stay at the hotel the next time we were in Vegas and that details would be emailed to us - we have yet to receive this. It seems to me that the MGM Grand think they are above treating their customers with respect and I was shocked by the behaviour of the manager (Lauren). I will certainly not be staying there again.	
Aug 6 2009 	Had to try it	We stayed at Encore for a few days then moved down to MGM. Check-in was chaos. WOW, there was a lot of people coming in for a Monday. We were upgraded to a glamour suite because the spa suite we had booked was not available. This was a huge suite with a great view. Not crazy about the fact they close down some of the pools and the lazy river very early. (6-6:30 I think) It is the sumer time and there were hundreds of people out there. I am 46 with no kids and there are plenty of kids for everyone here. I just don't get taking kids to Vegas, but that is just me. We ate the buffet for lunch twice and liked it. They are running all day specials now for $29 if you are interested. Part of our package included 3 buffets a day for each of us, we used a grand total of 2 each. (did not want to stand around waiting) The line to pay is long and the line to get in is long, so plan accordingly. We did try to go for breakfast one morning, forget about it. Half of Vegas had to be in line. There are lots of great places to eat dinner at.  I still like Caesars and the Venetian the best. The MGM is on the very south end of the strip, so if you are planning on going north (downtown) it is going to cost you a fortune in cab fares.  It is a good place to stay, just not good for me. (almost forgot - great bed)	
Aug 6 2009 	First experience in Vegas won't be the last	I booked a room here at the MGM Grand since the UFC event I wanted to see was being held there. The room was great, the service was excellent, and the atmosphere was pleasant. It was my first experience in Las Vegas and I was delightfully surprised at the level of customer dedication performed by various workers within the hotel and its restaurants. Any time my wife and I needed tickets to a show, the hotel staff went above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of.I've stayed in Las Vegas since then and the other hotel was not nearly as nice, nor as professionally run it seemed.This hotel was a bit on the pricey side ($16 to watch Ghost Rider in our room via pay per view - yikes) but the level of professionalism made up for it most cases. The breakfast buffet was excellent and I highly recommend it.For sake, there's a great restaurant named Shibuya inside the hotel: the food was outstanding and the sake menu extensive. The price is high but well worth it.I would definitely stay here again, whether the UFC is in town or not.	
Aug 5 2009 	MGM Grand just not what it used to be	This was my third stay at MGM and I noticed a huge decline in customer service. From a 40 minute wait for a roll of toilet paper to blatant attitude when addressing a room overcharge, the MGM just isn't what it used to be. We arrived at noon and were promised a room at 3pm that was ready at 3:30PM, which was fine. The room was clean with a decent sized bathroom and nice view of the strip. The beds were old, too soft for me, and sort of dipped in to the center. The safe was broken but we did not ask for it to be fixed.On many occasions, we requested hotel information from concierge only to find it it was incorrect (such as the food court was open later than they said).We didn't eat anywhere fancy here but the buffet was mediocre. Their big draw in to the dinner buffet is King Crab only to find out it is actually Snow Crab. In addition to that, the legs are cut in half and are served cold. Also, they offer an all day buffet pass for $30. The problem was many of the same dishes are served for both the lunch and dinner meals. If you are a vegetarian, you might as well just bring your own food because after all the main restaurants close, your only option for food here is a slice of cheese pizza - unless you want an $18 omelet with dried up hash browns. On day one, we all went down for a swim only to find the pools to be extremely warm and cloudy -- not my idea of a refreshing swim. The lazy river was cooler in temperature and lots of fun; however, it closes earlier than the pools. They do not allow you to bring in your own flotation device (Mandalay Bay does). The only option is to rent one from them for somewhere around $20 per day. MGM Grand's casino is huge. If you play blackjack, expect to pay $25 per hand. The only other option was scarce $15 dollar per hand tables (if you can find them), which you could expect a 30 minute wait to get a seat. Cocktail service while gambling was very good - as long as you tip them at least a dollar a drink, they keep coming back and this includes while playing video/slot machines.Overall, this wasn't an awful place to stay; we were just disappointed in the decline of customer service compared to prior stays. The MGM Grand is funding the new City Center Project. According to local friends in Las Vegas, MGM Grand had just terminated 400 members of their staff. *just a quick note regarding the tram going from excaliber to mandalay bay - it stops running at 10PM these days.	
Aug 5 2009 	Excellent visit at the MGM	We stayed at the MGM from Sunday July 26 through Saturday August 01. This was our sixth stay there. This was a &quot;free trip&quot; from my employer who covered our air and hotel. Both were pre-paid. As beggars cannot be choosers we waited until arriving before exploring the options to upgrade to a suite. A very nice lady at the airport check-in explained our options and we took a (I believe) King suite for $45/night. We were in room 11-242. Two rooms and huge bathroom. We have nothing negative to say about the hotel at all. Everybody from doormen to maids to bartenders could not have been more courteous. One night I thought that I had left my mobile phone in a cab, but at the suggestion of my wife called the hotel and security was kind enough to send somebody to my room to confirm that my phone was there. We rented a cabana at the Director's Pool for a day ($250 weekdays). Great service by the attendant &quot;Joey&quot;. It was very relaxing and quiet. I called and got on the waiting list the Saturday before we left. The mono-rail is conveniently located as well. Room was spotlessly cleaned daily. Would highly recommend this hotel as we have before.	
Aug 5 2009 	Not what we expected really disappointed	On first impressions were of terrible, impersonal service - we had reserved and paid for a Grand Tower Double Room months in advance for the second leg of our honeymoon but when we arrived the room wasn't available! We were instead put in a small room with tiny window, one chair and bathroom within the actual bedroom without being informed that it wasn't the one we had reserved. We had to que for another 20 minutes to inform reception that we had been put in the wrong room only to be told we had to wait until midday the following day for our room! Midday came and went, still no sign of our room, an apology or compensation; finally at 3:30pm it was ready leaving us to haul our luggage across the whole complex! On arriving in our room we found half drunk coffee cups, water bottles and used toiletries in the bath - not impressed. After queing for 20 minutes for a fourth time in less than 24hours we were moved to another room and only got an apology after demanding one! The room we were eventually given was quite nice but you don't get a fridge or tea/coffee making facilities. On our experience of that terrible night first night of not being able to unpack and being given an inadequate room and a wasted day waiting for our room meant that we will defiantely NOT be coming back here or recommending to anyone when you can get a nicer room for a better price further down the strip (and no doubt better service)The Grand buffet was good value for money but gets very busy, the que for the clubs were rediculously long and we couldn't get anywhere near the pool, the poolside cabanas cost more than a room to rent!All in all we were unbelievably dissapointed with this hotel and lef feeling quite dissatisfied with it - so much so we have compalined to the Travel Agency we booked through.	
Aug 5 2009 	Loved our room!	This was our first time to Las Vegas and to the MGM Grand. We absolutely loved loved loved our room in the Grand Tower. We were on the 12th floor for 4 nights/5 days. It was huge, clean and updated. I took pictures which I will post.The buffet was awesome. We booked a deal that allowed us free access to the buffet 3x a day EACH. The food was tastey and although sometimes the lines appeared long, they went very fast. The front desk was hugely accomodating.There is one game that only the MGM Grand has that was so entertaining, we played it for hours. It was the old racing ponies game. Who knew we could have that much fun rooting for 5 plastic ponies! :DA negative is that we found the casino to be way too smokey and I actually ended up with a soar throat from the smoke for 2 days while there. Our experience would have been enhanced greatly has smoking not been allowed but that said, we went in all the other hotels and almost every one of those on the strip was actually worse.Another negative was Studio 54. It was horribly smokey (people smoking ON the dance floor), drinks were too high priced (considering they are free just outside the door) and it was too crowded. We gave it a thumbs down but the rest of our experience was &quot;grand&quot;. (sorry, had to do it!)All in all we'd definitely stay at the MGM Grand again....we loved our room that much.LB in GA	
Aug 5 2009 	Great time @ MGM Grand	This was my first trip to Vegas, my boyfriend took me for my birthday. I had a great time and can't wait to go back!Check In: the wait wasnt bad, we arrived at 12 noon and our room wasn't ready til 3. Which was fine because we walked the strip and got to see the water show at the Bellagio. When we came back and went to our room, they gave us a room with 2 queen beds instead of the 1 king that we booked. We called the front desk and they changed our room right away. It was annoying though after doing all that walking to have bring our luggage back down to the lobby to get the key then go back up. And we had to get back on line, which really sucked. It would have been nice if they would have brought the key up to the wrong room we were in or atleast not make us wait on line again.Room: When we got to the right room, it was very clean. Our room was on the 5th floor and had a view of a roof. It would have been nice to have a better view, but I didnt really care much because its not like we sat in the room the whole time. Plus I got to see the Vegas lights at night while we walked the strip. A refrigerator would have been nice too have but once again no big deal. Bed was soft and comfy.Dining: We ate at Wolfgang puck and Fiama's. The food at Wolfgang Puck was excellent! Service was great, no wait because we made reservations. Fiama's was another good restaurant. We also made reservations there, so no wait. I enjoyed the food and the service was great. Entertainment: We saw David Copperfield at MGM and he was amazing! I definately recommend to see it. We went to a bar in the casino, good drinks, music.The hotel was very big, there was alot ot see, I had a wonderful stay!	
Aug 4 2009 	Another great stay	We stayed at the MGM in 2008 and it enjoyed it, so we decided to stay here again on our trip this year. I still found the casino to be busy and full of atmosphere. The pool area is great and there is lots of choice for things to eat. We particularly enjoyed eating at Wolfgang Puck's. There was a short wait at check-in, service was polite. The main difference this time around was the fact that we were offered an 'upgrade' to a West wing room, upon check-in. Remembering negative reviews on here of the rooms, I was a little dubious, but we decided to try it out. The room itself is much smaller, but this wasn't a problem at all. It was strange at first to walk straight into the bathroom area, but it was sleek and clean, and the tv in the mirror was a novelty. The shower area was lovely. There was lots of storage room and the bed was very comfortable. The room was very clean and kept that way for the duration of our stay. Unlike our previous stay, there was absolutely no noise from surrounding rooms, something we really appreciated. The view from our particular room was non-existent, just a wall, but this wasn't really a problem for us. There was a side entrance onto the Strip, not far from the elevators, we found this to be very convinient. The only negative I can describe is that the room was a little too dark, and the lighting wasn't adequate enough. I would certainly recommend the MGM. Yes, it is large and impersonal, but I quite like that when staying in Vegas!	
Aug 4 2009 	Excellent value for money	We've just got back from a weeks stay at the MGM and found it to be just what we needed. We booked online direct with the hotel and got a deal that included daily access for 2 to the buffett. We stayed on the 10th floor in the west wing which is a smaller room but more modern, it was clean and comfy. This was a free upgrade at checkin probably because we are a couple and the bathroom is not very private in these rooms. Its position was close to the elevator and only a minute from the buffett and exit right onto the strip which was great. Also the bus (the duece) stop is right outside which is dead handy. A 3 day pass is $15 and will take you up and down the strip, to freemont st in north and outlet mall and vegas sign in the south. Is a bit slow when the strip is busy but quicker than walking and air con is great when its so hot. People comment that the mgm is big and yes it is but all the hotels on th strip are! Also the bellagio, venetian and caesers are probably nicer but they are also about 3 times the price.Staff were really friendly and the food in the buffett was good. Casino is pretty similar to all the other hotels with the exception of bellagio and cesaers which are a little nicer.Only downside is the small number of shops in the hotel but the miracle mile mall is about a 5-10 minute walk or one stop on the bus.We loved vegas and saw lots. For a nice drink go to the mix bar at The Hotel, Mandaly Bay. Bit expensive but well worth it for the view of the whole strip. Jersey Boys was brilliant and KA which is in mgm was amazing!All in all this is a great hotel if you get a good price and especially if its your first trip to vegas. Cant wait to go back soon!	
Aug 4 2009 	Great stay	Stayed in a comped king room in the main tower ( 16th floor) from July 26 to 29. Service was excellent at all levels; valet parkin, check-in, bell service, housekeeping,etc.. The pool is fantastic and not over crowded. Considering the size of the place, everyone on staff was freindly and efficient. Absolutely no complaints, it was a great stay.	
