Oct 29 2009 	Perfect.	Everything we could have wanted from a hotel - CLEAN, spacious, opening windows (so many hotel windows in the US do not open, which is freaking weird), nice decor, comfortable beds, fridge, microwave, nice pool, free parking, very competent staff. Had had a bad experience the night before at a Hampton Inn with regards to cleanliness so was a bit dubious about this place, but had no need to worry - it was spotless. I didn't want to leave.	
Aug 21 2009 	Very Nice All Around	After a miserable experience on the main Strip, I found this place. With no reservations, I checked in for a very reasonable rate. Everything was above average, including the service and especially the room. They had a fairly nice pool and everything was super clean. Highly recommended if you are in Vegas with your own car and want to avoid the Hell of the main Strip. I would, and probably will, stay here again.	
Apr 23 2009 	On the fence about the Hilton Garden Inn but it was fine	This property provides an interesting blend of a roadside motel and a mid-level hotel with comfortable amenities. Here's my assessment:Roadside Motel:• small 4 (or is it 5)-story structure with easy parking, easy access to building• located away from the action, yet located strategically close to freeways, airport, shopping, primary strip casino/hotels.• basic small cement pool with a few lawn chairs• small check in area, lobby (but tastefully decorated)• tiny business center w/two computers--complimentary usemid-level hotel:• breakfast service @11.95/person, light dinner fare @ 7.95/person• quality mattress, linens, towels, bathroom fixtures• lots of channel choices• fitness center with nice choice/quality equipment (but it closes @11pm)• variety of room choices available when making resoAlso:• Shuttle service is available to Mandalay Bay--once per hour, until about 11pm. • Neutrogena products• Room temperature was easy to control• everything was clean and in working orderSome negatives:• I stayed on a non-smoking floor, yet cigarette smoke was evident in the hallway.• desk staff was not terribly friendly or professional. I am on the fence about staying here again, mostly because there are other places in Las Vegas I like better. But the rate was competitive and it was located somewhat near my base of business activities. I highly recommend shopping around when looking for hotels--and if you have more than one day to look, do it because rates can radically fluctuate!	
Apr 8 2009 	Very nice hotel and reasonably priced	We found this hotel very accommodating and at a good price. It was nice to be away from the strip. The hotel offers a shuttle to and from the strip. The staff at the front desk were awesome. The breakfast was very reasonable. Room was great. Do love the Hilton Garden Inn.	
Mar 25 2009 	Great Hilton Garden Inn On The South Strip	I stayed here for two nights, March 20th &amp; 21st, 2009. Room # 322. The room rate was $ 90 USD for each night. That is a great price for a hotel room on a weekend in L.V. The room was big and the King size bed was comfortable. The Air Conditioner and T.V. worked. The front desk staff was cheerful, and helpful, and professional. Except when I checked out, they wouldn't provide me with a receipt. They said, I should have got one via the internet when I booked the room. I found this kind of strange, as I always get a receipt from Hilton, being a Silver Hilton Honors member. I didn't use their restaurant, as I was always out and on the go. This was a nice new Hilton, I give it a 3 1/2 stars rating. Neat, clean and very well kept. I will return in the future.	
Mar 21 2009 	Good Value -- Got to Know Rules Before you Go	The hotel website boasts a free shuttle. Luckily before my arrival, I contacted the hotel to verify hotel shuttle schedule. Airport pickup is done by calling hotel. Make sure you have hotel telephone number in your cell. Wait time can take over 45 minutes. The hotel airport shuttle leaves from the hotel at the top of the hour and goes to Four Seasons/Mandalay Bay special pick up area and the airport. They arrive at Four Season and Mandalay Bay 15 minutes past the hour. If you miss it, you need to wait another hour for the shuttle. Calling a taxi from the Mandalay Bay to the hotel costs $15. The shuttle operates from 7AM - 11PM to Mandalay Bay. The shuttle does not go next door to the Outlet, which as a solo traveler was baffling because it posed a security risk. The outlet was also in route to other stops, so I did not understand why it was not included. The shuttle is free, but you have to know the rules before using it.My room was nicely appointed. I had one king bed with a separate sitting area. The sitting area included a sofa, flat screen TV, and table. Also in the area was a desk and chair. The room also had a fridge and microwave. The bedroom also had a flat screen TV for a total of 2 flat screen TVs in the room.The restaurant/bar was great! Service was good even though it was close to closing time (10pm). I had a delicious chicken quesadilla.They had a business center with internet access with 2 computers. There were no time limits posted. This hotel would be recommended for those who do not want to be near the strip, but get a good valued room.	
Mar 19 2009 	Usual Garden Inn Good for business visit	This is a cookie cutter Garden Inn which are very comfortable. The location is pretty far south on the strip. It's beyond the &quot;Welcome to Las Vegas Sign&quot; which in my book means that it's not on the strip. Wherever Hilton GI gets their beds should be what is available in all hotels. The only gripe I have is that the workout room was downright nasty. There is not much for equipment and much of it had out of order signs on it. They really need to spend a few bucks and get some new stuff if they want business travelers back. In Vegas it's a luxury to be able to park less than 100 yards of your room so that's a big plus. Front desk staff were very pleasant, again a luxury in Las Vegas.	
Oct 30 2008 	Would really recommend the HIlton Garden Inn !!	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn on the first night of a two week trip to Utah and Las Vegas last month.I had booked the Hotel after reading the positive reviews on Tripadvisor website.We arrived at the Hotel, which was only a short distance from the rental car pick up, after travelling from the UK for over 24 hours, due to a lengthy wait at Atlanta, and we were warmly welcomed. Our room was spacious and had everything we wanted. The lounge area adjacent to the bedroom was great to spread out all our bags, and the 2 double beds were so comfortable, with lovely bed linens and comfy pillows, just what we needed after travelling for so long! Our room was quiet and we had a great night's sleep.Another treat was the breakfast the following morning. They charge about $12 plus tax each, but the choice and quality was well worth it, the staff were courteious and attentive and I had freshly made omlette and fresh pancakes with blueberries and cream to follow, great when you're from the UK!! My husband loved the corned beef hash and the choice of eggs and cereals. We enjoyed the breakfast so much that we called in for their buffet breakfast on the way back to the airport!I would really recommend this hotel to anyone, it's not too far from the strip about a 10 minute drive and it's also near the new upmarket Town Shopping Square.	
Aug 19 2008	internet problems	We spent 2 nights here. We had a nice room, and all but one of the staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful. We went to the restaurant one evening for appetizers - they were half price during happy hour, so we ended up making it our dinner. The hotel offers a shuttle to the Strip which is convenient since driving and parking aren't convenient on the Strip. The downsides - the wireless internet access didn't work properly. They were aware of this issue but didn't seem able to fix the problem. Then I tried to connect &quot;wired&quot;, and that didn't work either. It took 2 guys a total of about an hour working on the situation to figure out the lamp (also the internet jack source in this case) was the problem. They brought another lamp and it worked fine. The morning we were leaving, we didn't receive a statement under our door for expedited check-out (as an HHonors member this is the norm, and in fact is the norm in most hotels I stay in these days). I called the front desk to ask wh (hoping they would bring one up), but instead I was told they don't do that because they can't slip them under their doors. It may sound petty, but I had three issues with that - first, some pizza delivery place had slipped an ad under my door the previous day (I informed the front desk clerk of this), second, she didn't offer to send one up, and third, their check-in brochure specifically states that they will deliver your statement the morning of check-out. At least change the brochure if you don't plan on following through.	
Aug 14 2008 	peaceful stay in vegas	i would have loved to stay at the bellagio all week, but it was a business trip and their travel agent gave me few options and bellagio was not one of them... so i chose the hilton garden inn without knowing a whole lot about it. i stayed for most of the week and overall was satisfied with the accomodations. the staff was friendly, even when having to issue me new keys because i locked myself out... the self parking was convenient and plentiful, even on the weekend when the hotel seemed to be at maximum capacity. the fitness center wasn't impressive but had the basics and was nice and quiet, which i prefer during my workouts. the pool was on the smaller side but to scale with the hotel and very refreshing in the heat. the breakfast buffet was typical- nice and simple. i never got around to the waffles or omelets because i was always in a rush to head out, but it was an option. a big plus during my stay at the hilton garden inn was the complimentary high speed internet access; it's always a good thing. upon checkout i was told i had a tab from the bar- there is a &quot;cozy&quot; bar in the lobby which i actually never went to. apparently someone billed some drinks to my room, maybe one too many to drink (?). the front desk cleared up the issue with no fuss. all in all i enjoyed my stay here. it was a peaceful week off the strip and i was glad to have stayed here, not to say that i didn't have a blast staying at the bellagio before heading home, but it was nice stay all the same.	
Aug 1 2008 	An oasis in the desert	We use Las Vegas just for overnights, and have never been happy with where we've stayed: Either too sketchy, too drab, too smelly or too loud. Until we stumbled upon this Hilton Garden. It's perfect: Staff are nice, rooms are lovely, widows open for a bit of fresh air and there's no moldy/perfumey/sweaty odors. And it was a decent price, to boot. It's close to car returns and the airport and the gentleman who drove the shuttle was a gem. I'm rarely so happy with a hotel.	
Jun 5 2008 	Great value for Vegas	Stayed here on Memorial Day weekend, the start of a 12 day trip through Grand Canyon and Southern Utah. This Garden Inn was a great deal - only $119 a night for 2 queens. Great bedding, quiet, breakfast decent at $10 a person for the hot food buffet. Quite easy to get to from the new rental car location in Vegas - follow signs for the Strip, turn left instead of right, and it is about a mile down the road. Too cool when we were there to use the pool, but it looked nice (not real big, but well taken care of). Minor problem was one elevator of the 2 was not operating.Easy to drive down the Strip to Mandalay or Luxor and park in their garages to walk that end of the Strip. There is a shuttle offered from the hotel for free to Mandalay Bay for those without cars or who want to save gas. As others have mentioned, right next to the Outlet Mall and a variety of restaurants (there is also a restaurant in the hotel which did a surprisingly nice job on dinner our first night there).	
May 16 2008 	Excellent place to stay	I stayed on Saturday and paid US$99 excluding tax. Excellent place to stay. Quite surprised by the excellent condition of the rooms. Towels are clean. Bed is clean. No smoke smell in rooms. Rooms are quite spacious. Near Las Vegas Outlet Center if you like shopping. Came with wifi, aircon and heater. Bathroom was also good. Free parking. No casino below meant that I didn't have to walk through the cigarette smoke. No breakfast, but you can eat at the Las Vegas Outlet Center, which we did.	
May 14 2008 	Quite option off the Strip	Stayed here one night while attending a concert across the street at the Hard Rock Casino. My only real complaint was the hallway had a not-so-nice smell. However, the room was clean and comfortable. The beds were great. Tiny bathroom but good shower with curved shower rod and good water pressure. Marble top sink is in the bedroom. Do not expect overboard amenities---there was shampoo &amp; conditioner and soap, plus a hair dryer. Same rough white towels you find everywhere.There is a sitting area when you first enter the room, with a sofabed, small desk and wet bar. A very large flat screen TV separates the sitting area from the beds (we had a double-double). The TV pulls out and pivots slightly so you can watch it in bed. There is no restaurant or casino on site, but you can buy food in the lobby. They also serve a free continental breakfast. There is a great German beer hall restaurant right next door which was a lot of fun and had very authentic food. Also, the Hard Rock is catty-corner from the hotel.The free shuttle to the airport only runs once per hour, but you are literally two minutes from McCarren.If you are in Vegas to live it up, this may not be the place for you. It is more suited to the business traveler or someone on a short stay who doesn't want the madness of a big casino-hotel.	
Apr 4 2008	Exceed expectations!	The Hilton Garden Inn Las Vegas South far exceeded my expectations for this price point. What an excellent value! Hotels more than twice the price don't always achieve the level of satisfaction offered by this hotel.The hotel offers a complimentary shuttle to/from the airport and also to/from Mandalay Bay. Free internet. Walking distance to an outlet mall, and also to a drug store, fast food, etc.The hotel lobby has a living room type area with big comfy sofas in front of a large fireplace - looked so inviting - but unfortunately a big screen TV was blaring from over the fireplace - chasing me away.There is an in-house restaurant serving breakfast and dinner, and a tiny bar with a small TV blaring from the wall.There was an outdoor pool with a bit of nice landscaping, a laundry room, mini snack/beverage sale nook near the front desk and an exercise room.The hotel common areas were pleasant and clean. The room was clean, fresh and airy.The 1 bedroom, 1.5 bath suite was HUGE. The full bath was spacious and equipped with a separate shower, a whirlpool bathtub, hair dryer, Neutrogena toiletries (including shampoo, conditioner, mouthwash, lotion, bar soap, q-tips). And best of all - wonderful, soft, stretchy bathrobes!!The half bath off the living room was roomy also. The living room was set up with work desk/chair, sofa, chair/ottoman, flat screen TV, mini-frig, microwave, tiny sink/counter area, coffee pot, complimentary tea/coffee, 2 phone lines, etc. There was iron &amp; ironing board in the closet.The bedroom, again enormous for this price point, was set up with a comfortable king bed, nice linenes, flat screen TV, 2 chairs - one with ottoman, etc.The balcony contained 2 chairs and a side table.The bedroom and living room had separate temperature control, which was quite nice.The hotel was wonderfully peaceful - even though it was fully booked during my stay.The only complaint I would have is very minor - that the bathroom fan is linked to the light switch - so there is no draft free bathing allowed - unless you do it in the dark, of course!Yes, I would definitely stay at this Hilton Garden Inn again. What a fabulous bargain!	
Mar 4 2008 	HGI serves it's purpose...	We stayed our first night in Vegas at the Hilton Garden Inn. This is a very convenient location away from the hustle/bustle of The Strip, yet close enough for a short ride to any casino. Sorry, no gambling here, but you get the solid Hilton product with the comfy bed, pantry breakfast and friendly staff!Best amenity of the hotel is the airport shuttle, just call when you get your luggage and they'll pick you up within 20-30 minutes (as promised by the front desk, but call to verify!), Do not hesitate to book this hotel...if, you want to be &quot;off Strip&quot;.	
Dec 28 2007 	Nice Clean Hotel	We enjoyed our brief stay at the Hilton Garden Inn. Our room was good sized and clean. The beds were comfortable and the location suited our needs well.We were driving into Vegas to catch a flight out the next morning and the location was perfect.The Hotel is not located in the &quot;heart&quot; of the strip, but rather a few miles south of most of the action. It is right next to the Las Vegas outlet mall, which provides a nice diversion if you have a few hours to kill. It is also about a mile from the new Rental car return facility.	
Oct 17 2007 	Frequent traveller overview	Here's the short version for frequent travellers:- Construction: The hotel is about 2.5 years old but they are adding about 25 suites at the back which are expected to be finished in November 2007. These suites are expected to be bigger with flat screen TVs and balconies.- Rooms: microwave, fridge, coffee maker, 2 x TVs, clean, new, aircon = unreliable. A lot of space for the money- Internet: Free and reliable- Gym: pleasant surprise for a Hilton Garden Inn. Good range of working equipment, towels - good cardio but poor weights and no individual TVs.- Breakfast: = $9.95 (included for higher status Hhonors guests ). Eggs, ham, bacon, potatoes, toast, fruit, yoghurt, waffles- Staff - above average. Polite, efficient, attentive. Breakfast room staff are terrific.- Shuttle service: every 30 mins to airport, every hour to mandalay bay hotel. A bit erratic on pick up - sometimes leaves earlier than scheduled on the return from Mandalay Bay- Pool: small but not busy. Nice jacuizzi.A good bet for frequent travellers who want a more manageable property in LV.	
Sep 23 2007 	Great hotel to avoid the casinos but construction noise	Have stayed at this property several times and it is nice, new and clean. Staff is helpfull and if you, like me, prefer to avoid the large casino hotels this property is great. No casino / no slot but close to everything.Rooms are clean and in my several vists I have never had any problems with my room.Only complaint I have is that they are adding a large addition to the hotel and during my last several visits construction has been ongoing. Not an issue during the night, but can be noisy during the day.Pool is small, but it is a Hilton Garden Inn so that is pretty much all you can expect.I expect to return to the Hilton Garden Inn and would recommend it to others.	
Aug 15 2007 	Great Stay	I must agree with the majority of reviews regarding the Hilton Garden Inn. It was the first time my wife, daughter, and I had stayed there. We were in town for a basketball tournament our daughter was participating in, and wanted a place away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. We are Hilton Honors members so we booked through them. We've stayed at many Hilton brand hotels the last few years, but the Garden Inn provided us with one of the most pleasant stays I can remember. The Junior Suite was very spacious and comfortable. The furnishing were in great shape and the room was clean and tidy. It's located 2 1/2 miles south of Mandalay Bay, so the loacation was just what we were looking for (quiet). The pool area is cozy but nice. The lobby and the adjoining restaurant are roomy and well appointed. They even have a small cocktail bar which opens in the evenings. I especially want to compliment the staff who worked in the restaurant. They were so attentive and cheerful, they just made you feel good. All in all, we arrived at the hotel with no expectations, and departed feeling happy that we had stayed there.	
Jul 5 2007 	Excellent Quiet Base	We stayed 3 nights in this hotel at the end of a self drive tour prior to flying home to the UK.Thanks to Trip Advisor reviews the hotels we used during our trip had all been exceptionally good. However the Hilton Garden Inn without offering anything other than the expected facilities had the edge.This is a relatively new hotel with a good location away from the hustle of the main strip area and a couple of blocks south of the Las Vegas Outlet Mall. There is easy access for the airport and the car rental centre.The hotel runs a reliable hourly shuttle to and from the Mandalay Bay. Depending on traffic the ride takes about 10 minutes or less.The lobby area, reception and adjacent dining area are well designed being finished and furnished to a high standard. Our guestroom was both spacious and similarly well furnished with a nice bathroom. It also had the benefit of a unit with a refrigerator and microwave.Despite some construction work being ongoing at the time of our visit which appears to be adding more bedrooms to one wing and a pool bar/snack area our room and all pubic areas were kept spotlessly clean.A great breakfast is served well worth the $10 per head.In summary a good quality hotel with efficient friendly staff which provides a nice quiet base.	
May 1 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	I had a hard time finding a hotel to stay at for a conference I was attending. I finally booked the Hilton Garden not really knowing what type of hotel it was. I was pleasantly surprised, it's like a step down Embassy Suites. The hotel is located near the outlet mall on South Las Vegas blvd. If you are renting a car at the airport it is only minutes away. The hotel is somewhat new about three years old. I have to warn you that they are expanding the hotel and are doing a lot of construction work. I at no time encountered problems with the construction or any noise associated with the construction. The room I had was two rooms, a sitting room and bedroom each room has a tv set. There was a refigerator, microwave and coffee pot. There was also free wireless internet. There is a business center that I used to print up my Southwest Airlines ticket. I didn't have breakfast at the hotel so I'm not sure what is available. There is coffee located in the lobby. I had a car so I didn't use the free shuttle to Mandalay Bay. I did see the van on South Las Vegas Blvd near the Famous Vegas Sign and the guest were out of the van taking pictures of the sign. Remember you are not near the Casino's, there is a small casino near the hotel but I didn't go there. It took me about 20 minutes to drive to the Venetian. The are doing road work all along South Las Vegas blvd towards the Casinos. I have included some rather bad photo's of the room and exterior.	
Mar 14 2007	Nice place at the right price	Nice hotel about 2 miles south of Mandaly Bay. Clean, comfortable, great breakfast, easy in and out of the parking lot.	
Feb 10 2007	Good value off strip hotel	Stayed here in Jan for 1 night, got an excellent rate of $99, which is great for a Friday night in Vegas. Most other quality hotels were sold out or charging $150+ so decided to take a gamble and was very pleased with the overall quality of the hotel.The hotel is in a great location within walking distance of the southern end of the Premium Outlets Mall south of Mandalay Bay on the strip. Easy access to airport and freeways, as well as strip.I have stayed in many of the large casino hotels in Vegas before so was impressed that I could park my car, and be in my room within 60 seconds of entering the hotel.Checked in at 12.30 pm and was given a room no problem, and requested late check out which was granted till 2 pm - the staff had a 'can do' friendly attitude in my dealings with them.Room was a good size with high ceilings and was very new and clean. Windows opened for fresh air and my particular room on the 3rd floor overlooked Las Vegas Boulevard.Great in room amenities such as fridge, microwave and coffee maker appreciated, as was the extremely comfortable king size bed. Double size shower with glass door (no wet and sticky curtain) and strong pressure also good, wasnt bothered by there not being a bath tub.I didnt use the restaurant so cannot comment on that , did use the small but complimentary business centre to check in for flight.I would definitely stay here again and consider the price I paid to be a bargain.	
Oct 22 2006	Highly recommend	I liked this nice property very much, and we will definitely stay there again. We like the fact that it is somewhat south of the strip but there is a shuttle to the Mandalay Bay, if one wants it. We had our car and had no problem parking at various sites. But arriving from the South, we didn't have to get into the strip's nightmarish traffic.The hotel is fairly new, everything is very clean, and in good condition. The beds were just fine. It was wonderfully quiet. Breakfast was good and convenient, the staff very pleasant.There are a few good spots in the immediate area, as it's growing rapidly. We had a really good dinner at the 'within walking distance' Bootleggers. A new casino has gone in just south, and we briefly visited the fascinating Silverton Casino and Lodge just across the freeway ... for us the treat there was the amazing lobby with a huge aquarium and other scenes. Plus, there is the most exotic &quot;outdoor&quot; store we'd ever seen. Thousands ... maybe millions of dollars invested in inventory and decorating. We were personally both intrigued and put off by the hundreds of beautiful stuffed animals. But then, it is for hunting, fishing, etc.	
May 31 2006	Expected Quality	Hilton Gardens are great hotels if you want good quality and not a lot of surprises. This hotel was no exception. Its located a couple miles south of the strip and only about a 10 minute drive from the airport. This appears to be a booming area with construction going up all around. I had reserved a king and they had sold them out so I was upgraded to a junior suite with a seperate living room, couch, fridge, microwave, and 2 TVs. The room was large and clean. We requested and received a late checkout (2PM) the morning we left with no hassles. The downside was that this hotel was overpriced. Options were limited for Memorial Day weekend, but I checked other dates and it seems their rates are always above $120 per night. This is a non-gaming hotel and you're not within walking distance of any major casinos. That makes this nice for families or people just passing through Vegas. If you do need to hit the slots, there is a large casino just across the highway.	
May 16 2006	New Find South of the Strip	I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn Las Vegas for one night in April. This property is brand new and is located beside the Las Vegas Outlets. It was very clean and the rooms were exceptionally nice. I stayed in a suite that was very spacious and comfortable. The hotel is located approximately 2 miles south of the last big casino on the strip, Mandelay Bay and it is really convenient to get to the casinos on the strip. The hotel is also well situated for the airport. They have an excellent breakfast in the mornings that guests can pay for or they have a complimentary cold breakfast buffet for Hhonors members. I would definitely consider staying here when I visit Las Vegas again. The room rates were very attractive considering that I paid $125 for a Saturday night when all of the other hotels were greater than $200 for a standard room. There are also plenty of places to eat right around the hotel.	
Mar 12 2006	Really nice new away from strip motel	We were in town to see Celine and didn't want to stay on the strip so we looked for a new motel out of the strip area. We found it in the Hilton Garden Inn. Very very nice. New and Clean. Spacious rooms. Only two small complaints. They were booked heavily so hot shower water was a problem....and the service in the breakfast area could have been better. Minor problems though, I would stay there again. Also you might want to know that you wouldn't need to have a car to stay here, you can catch a trolley every 15 minutes that goes straight to the strip. Plus they have a airport shuttle.	
Mar 2 2006	Immaculate rooms and great little pool	Stayed here last summer and it was a treat. Everything in the hotel appears to be brand new. It was 104 degrees when we stayed-air con worked fine (and i like it cold). Front desk was cheery and helpful. Our room overlooked the pool area. The pool was nice and very clean. Would stay again for sure.	
Oct 20 2005 	Great off strip hotel for the price	The garden inn south is a great hotel if you want to stay off the strip and have a very clean/new hotel room. The pool area was adequate and I didnt hear any airport traffic. They had very comfortable beds and I slept like a rock. I ended up renting a car (conference in henderson) but i hear this hotel offers a strip shuttle (dont take my word for it).	
Oct 20 2005	Quiet no gambling perfect!	Great place for family or business traveler not wanting to gamble (no machines anywhere). We had a suite and it was very quiet, spacious and comfortable (medium to soft bed). It was brand new when we visited Oct, 2005. The restaurant is ok if you don't feel like going out... but it's nothing great ($8-$20/pp for dinner). Breakfast is an extra $10, but there are a couple of other options within a couple of blocks.	
Aug 23 2005	A great hotel near the stip...	The familly and I stayed at the Garden Inn on August 12-13, 2005. The hotel is new, very clean and the pool area, although small, was very adequate. The Silverton Casino is about 3 minutes away by car. The strip first major casino i.e. the Mandelay Bay is about a 6 minute free shuttle drive (every hour). Next to the hotel is a huge factory outlet complex. Would definetely stay there again.	
Jun 12 2005 	Love this Hotel!	I go to Vegas very often and am Soooo tired of the strip and all it's trappings but when I'm in the mood I want to be close; this hotel is close (with a shutlle) but just far enough away to feel relaxed. The people are great the rooms are excellent and the pool is nice and quiet. I've stayed here five times now and won't go anywhere else.	
May 4 2008 	Absolut empfehlenswert :-)		
