Nov 17 2009 	Don't eat here!	We stopped by the Resort for lunch and to check it out. We liked the way the place looked and stopped in the bar for lunch. They clearly have a quality problem in the kitchen. The burger came out with the bun toasted black...no exaggeration. We had to ask to have it re made. One sandwich was ordered without mayo. It came out with mayo. When we sent it back, it was returned with most of the mayo simply scraped off the bread. The chili came out warm not hot. The nachos were good and the waitress was friendly...just don't understand how she could serve a burger on bread that was burned to a crisp...	
Oct 12 2009 	unbearable	We live in Vegas and wanted to find a weekend getaway in the mountains. The rate was nice and we booked it for a Sunday Stay. The view was incredible and Oktoberfest was nice. We stayed in a room on the 3rd floor and had a balcony. It was fun to sit outside for a minute. However, the room was unbearable. The carpet was filthy. The AC was old, loud and dusty. No headboards for the beds. There were only 5 unpopular TV channels. And the bathroom was old and dirty. There were food stains on the sheets. We didn't even want to stay in the room for more than 10 minutes. In addition, the wall was thin. We could hear anything outside of the room, including the constant dog barking next door. Thus, we checked out that night and drove home for a good night sleep.	
Oct 8 2009 	Not bad for the price...	We stayed at this hotel for just a weekend away from the city. It was a decent place, the lobby had a very &quot;lodgey&quot; feeling with the grand fireplace and decor. The front desk person that checked us in was pretty snobby but the others that helped us were fine. The restaurant has great food for the price and the spa was nice too.We had a 3rd floor room which was not fun considering there is no elevator. Also the rooms are nothing special, and our balcony was very dirty from the previous visitors. We weren't there to stay in the room though so it was bearable.	
Sep 22 2009	To Be Married....Don't @ Mt Charleston!	Getting married at Mt Charleston......DON'T DO IT! It is such a lovely location and ideal if you don't want the &quot;Vegas&quot; feel, however be warned that their staff is horrible! Their &quot;event coordinator&quot; can hardly be called a coordinator. She only knows you by the date of your event. I don't think she knows my name at all, and I have been booked there for 9 months! She changes things at the last minute without telling her brides. And she doesn't fully listen to requests. The only reason my wedding will go off without a hitch is because I hired an outside coordinator to take care of all the details. Oh and one more thing....don't make your guests sit on their disgusting chairs. They don't find any issues with the chair covers, but I would never have anyone sit on their stained covered chairs!	
Sep 19 2009 	Terrible food 	the food was terrible. The lemonade tasted like country time out of the can even though we were told just freshly made &amp; cost us $3! We thought when said that they meant fresh squeezed. At that price I would expect some real lemons! The food was so bad but our waiter was awesome! We had a gift certificate we had won from a local tv station that they wouldn't honor even though not expired. Explained had changed hands but no signs stating they weren't accepting them from previous owners. Was embarrassed! Since not planning on paying for meal barely had money to pay half after reaching an agreement with manager. So bad food, bad drink &amp; bad PR! Never going back!!!	
Aug 19 2009 	Not worth the $49 locals rate.	My husband and I wanted to escape the Vegas heat for the night so we stayed at the Resort. It is anything but a resort! The only thing going for this hotel is the view. The restaurant was ok but not worth the price. The Bananas Foster was nothing special and not worth almost $8. The waitress explained that it would not be flamed because of strict fire codes. The restaurant carpet was filthy.We had a lovely view of the back dumpster and old condos next door. a piece of molding fell off with a big nail attached to it. My dog almost ran into it. The bathroom was in horrible shape with old tiles and outdated lighting. The beds were uncomfortable and after seeing a bug on the bed I was uncomfortable getting under the covers. Once you see the view there is really nothing else to do. My biggest disapointment was breakfast. I love having my morning coffee, but once I found out a cup of coffee is $4.25 we checked out early morning and headed down the hill to Starbucks.We were not expecting a Four Seasons type stay for $49, but this was a truly uncomfortable experience.	
Jul 23 2009 	I loved this place!!!	We decided to take a trip to Vegas but wanted to see a few other places besides the Strip. We came across The Resort on Mount Charleston online and decided to make it our home base. It was wonderful to come here every night after a full day because it was always so much cooler. We stayed here the 2nd week of July when temps in Vegas were over 100. It is only about 45 minutes from the Strip and yet, because it's a little way up the Mountain, the evening temps are so cool that you might want to wear a sweater while sitting on the patio. The room was nice and clean and the bathroom had been redone recently. There was a small fridge, coffeemaker, hair dryer, ironing board and iron. The AC was a little difficult to figure out and we never did figure out how to turn it off. Also a Big Screen TV. Not many channels but we're not really big TV watchers. I can't comment on the food because we always ate elsewhere and returned in time to grab a drink at the bar. The bar closes up at 9:30 pm during the week and is open later on the weekend. For me, the best part is the pond out front. It's filled with large colorful fish and a family of ducks. Duck food can be had for a small price and children enjoyed feeding the momma duck and her babies. I loved sitting on the patio with the fountain and the wildlife, reading for a few minutes and relaxing. Everyone was very friendly, especially the bartender. The guy knew what I wanted every night after the first night. Nice place.	
Jul 11 2009 	Bar closed on a friday night!!	About a year ago, everyone from our office went up to this place, checked into our rooms and planned to meet at the bar at 7 pm...the bar was not even open that night!!! A couple who just got married wee also big time disapointed.	
May 25 2009 	Boy! Are you guys wrong! This place is great!!	We almost canceled our Memorial Day weekend getaway after reading the negative reviews on this site and glad we didn't. Our guess is the negative reviews are from folks that are expecting a 5-Star resort. If you want a 5-Star resort, stay at the Belagio on the Strip.... and pay the price!! If you want to watch TV then stay home! There's nothing worth watching on TV anyway and you get bombarded with insane commercials every 5 minutes!! The Hotel on Mt Charleston is what one would want from a mountain get-away. It's clean. It's quiet. It's rustic, mountain looking. It has great and friendly staff. It's relaxing. Our room on the third floor has not been renovated and it looked over the duck pond out front. Great view from the small deck and it was cozy and clean. Didn't hear a sound all night even though the place was pretty full. A relaxing time in the large lobby are with great, leather over-stuffed chairs one can sit, visit, read a book or play a table game. We're heading back in August when it's really hot in Vegas!	
Jan 21 2009 	Don't Stay Here!	First and foremost, the scenery itself is the only prize in taking this trip; as a local we just wanted to get away for the weekend and we would have done better just driving up for the day and going back home.... the photographer for this hotel should be given a Nobel Prize for making it look so nice.... The hotel is disgustingly filthy. We tried to book our reservation on line but couldn't access the information we needed. When we called to make our reservation, the front desk staff was very rude and told me that they had no idea what the information on the web page stated. The rate he gave was less than the on-line rate, but we couldn't take advantage of the on-line package for free massages and the desk person had no idea about package deals listed on line.We rented the &quot;Presidential Suite&quot; that was a complete waste of money. Nothing presidential about it: no mini bar, no plates/cups/utensils in the kitchen, non-working fireplace, rickety balcony with a view of the back of the kitchen and ghetto condos next door (with the great lovely feature of the people in the balcony literally over our heads flicking cigerrettes and ashes onto our heads and balcony), no room service, no vending machines, no working ice machines, no cable chanels (not even pay per view), no valet, no bellboy to help with bags, no housekeeping after 4, and no elevator. Our room smelled like wet dog so badly we had to sleep with the windows and balcony door open. The bathroom was the filthiest, nastiest thing I have ever had the misfortune of stepping into....there was black mold in the grout, and grout falling off of every corner...there is no door separating the bathroom and the bedroom so if you take friends I hope you are okay with bodily functions and no privacy.... The &quot;restaurants&quot; all closed at 8:00 pm; we had lunch that left a lot to be desired and quite costly considering the outcome. It was so bad we left very early in the morning and stayed at the Bellagio for the rest of the weekend.	
Jan 6 2009	Fantastic locations (if you love the mountains and the snow)	Great hotel and fantastic location. The staff were very friendly, particurally the restantant and bar staff. The food was great and not overpriced (it could have been, as there was no alternatives). The bar was small and intimate, but nice. The room I stayed in could do with some updating, but it had all that was needed and plenty of hot water. The only downside was the lack of channels on the TV, which I think was effected by the weather.	
Dec 19 2008 	My Favorite Get Away	I had the good fortune to stay at Mt Charleston for three months Aug-Nov, while attending an AF school. The hotel is older and lacks some of the amenities most of us expect but the charm of this hotel is its' staff. The hotel has been sold and I believe the new owners have renovations planned. There a new Chef, new restaurant and hotel manager. The lack of TV channels can be solved by horseback riding or driving 3 miles up to the Mt Charleston hiking area. Taking Hwy 158 (right by the hotel) will let you escape to a beautiful scenic view, archery range, or picnic/camping area. I never had the problems that other visitors encountered, certainly not with food or in the bar where they make a fresh home-made bloody mary mix that is absolutely mouthwatering (among other signature drinks). I was happy to arrange a Christmas buffet for the folks in my office and their families which we had last night. It was awesome. I would encourage you to take another look at this cozy little hotel.	
Jul 28 2008 	Disgusting and Dirty!	Do not be deceived by the website for The Hotel on Mount Charleston. The photographer deserves an award for depicting the hotel as looking much better than it actually is. My family reserved two rooms for two nights as an escape from the heat of Las Vegas. Mount Charleston is in itself very beautiful and definitely cooler than the valley of Las Vegas. We tried to keep an open mind as we pulled up to the hotel and the first sight we encountered were about 5 workers mucking out mud, slush and garbage from the half drained, quaint little pond that is the entranceway of the hotel which turned out to be our view during our stay. As we stepped over several hoses we entered the hotel and we were greeted by a dark and musty lobby. The front desk staff was friendly and efficient checking us in and we proceeded to our rooms. Again, the pictures on the website must be of a few rooms that were remodeled because our room was nothing like what is pictured. The fixtures are old, we had a hole in our wall with wires sticking out and in general the room was just dingy and old. After exploring the hotel, we learned that just about every part of the hotel was just dirty. The hotel restaurant was disgusting. We had tomato seeds from who knows when stuck to the sides of our table, there was a spider web with the spider and its dinner included in the window, the floors looked like they had not been vacuumed since the opening of the hotel and the waitress looked like she picked her clothes up off the floor before coming to work. There were dirty glasses on the patio that stayed there our entire visit, garbage on the floor of the lobby that was never picked up. It was a mess! The workout facility looked like a scene from the movie SAW and smelled even worse. We thought we would at least have a few drinks and went to the bar at 3:30 in the afternoon and was told we just ordered the last two Miller Lites!!Apparently, the excuse was The Lodge had lost their liquor license and their guests came to the hotel to drink. Smart management would think this would be a chance to stock up?There were so many things wrong with this hotel, our refrigerator did not work, they sent a maintenance worker to repair, no repair but did leave the deadbolt on our door and our room open all day, the televisions are static and only 4 channels worked on one TV, the air conditioner did not work, required us to switch rooms, etc. etc. etc…BUT what was the worst of all was the ‘management’! After one day, we wanted to escape back to the heat and go home. I explained to the desk clerk that we were not happy with our stay and wanted a refund of the second day. The clerk went to advise management and came back to tell us that she would be right there. So we waited, and waited and waited….while waiting my 21 year old son and I walked over to the bar area to see if we could get our morning Diet Coke and there was an employee sitting at the bar playing video poker who told us we could get drinks at ‘The Bistro”. My son went to get the drinks and I went back to waiting by the front desk. After about 25 minutes of waiting for the manager the same employee from the bar came strolling over to announce SHE was the manager!!!! Now I understand it all! Bottom line, this hotel is run very poorly and is very disappointing! The last sight to send us on our way was that of one of the construction workers asleep on the couch in the lobby with the dirty drink glasses still there!	
Jun 20 2008	OK for one night	I only stayed one night in a King Standard room just to get away from the heat of Vegas for a day. Nothing special, no fridge, no fire place, ice machine at end of hall but no ice bucket?, didn't touch the comforter other than to throw it on the floor, flat screen was not on wall like advertised on website(only had maybe 5 working channels). Had a balcony with an OK view of the mountains that included the &quot;ghetto&quot; condos next door.You would be better off staying at the Lodge about 5 miles further up the road, cabins are nicer, staff is great, and ambiance is 100% better!	
Jun 13 2008 	Good Weather - BAD HOTEL	When we arrived the stairs on the parking lot were in terrible shape and very dangerous. - IF POSSIBLE PARK ON THE FIRST LEVEL.Upon walking up to the hotel it seemed very nice, but once we got a better look it wasn't the case. The pond was gross and in terrible shape.Walking in to the Lobby was dark, dirty and very univiting. The &quot;bistro&quot; was unclean and scary looking - not to mention overpriced. The hotel front desk girl said that the rooms were remodeled but our room wasn't very well kept. Dingy paint/bed and linens. We were on the third floor which was to have a view, but the &quot;view&quot; wasn't worth the walk up 3 floors ---- yup NO elevator. They also have gaming in the bar, which takes away the charm of the place.... you can tell the owners went &quot;cheap&quot; on everything to save a buck. Many of the staff are hard to understand because of the accents. The General Manager &quot;John&quot; is a very unfriendly, guy. When we tried to express to him our concerns he got angry and almost agressive. The staff in the restaurant seemed over stressed/worked, even though there wasn't many tables with customers. The food was ok, but no where near as good as it sounded on the menu. The restaurant carpet was dirty and stained.	
May 20 2008 	It used to be so much nicer	My husband and I got a gift certificate for our wedding. So we went up there to stay for our anniversary. The rooms were ok, nothing special, but the restaurant was disgusting! The table was dirty. It had a tablecloth with glass over the top, but the part of the table cloth that hung down was dirty and looked like someone spilled soup on it. The windows were dirty and it was hard to see the view. There were dead buggs and live ones all along the inside of the window and on the windowsill. The water glass had dried up food stuck on the inside and along the rim. The silverware was spotted and dirty. There was dropped food and paper all over the floor. It was very dark and hard to see. Our spring roll appetizer was good, but it came on a plate of brown shredded lettuce. I had the chicken angelo, and it was decent. My husband had the ribeye and ordered it medium. The first one came well done and he ended up bending his fork when he tried to cut it. So he sent it back and that is something he never does. His second steak was the same and he only ate 3 bites of his $19 steak. The waitress was excellent though. She ended up giving us a $50 gift certificate, then she came back and said it was completely comped. So we still have the gift certificate for the hotel. We might stay at the hotel again, but we will not be eating in the restaurant.	
May 16 2008 	Wouldn't recommend it	This is not a property I'd ever stay at again. The lobby was dark and dingy looking. Rooms were tacky. Food was atrocious. &quot;Spa&quot; was closed Monday and Tuesday, and there didn't really appear to be a spa on the property; just a massage therapist. No hot tubs, no pool, no sauna, no steam room. Why call it a spa??	
May 14 2008 	the good the bad and the ugly	We stayed at the Hotel on Mount Charleston this past Mothers' Day Weekend, checked in on Saturday the 10th of May, out on Sunday the 11th. So, what did I think???? Where here is the good:1)The room rates are great. I work in the travel industry, so I see alot of hotels and have alot of travel experience to compare this hotel/motel with others. I booked the hotel via TRAVELWORM.COM, they had/have amazingly affordable rates at this property, and for a weekend at that! Much better than booking with the hotel directly. 2) the rooms are nice and clean and quaint. Nothing fancy schmancy. Just cute and cozy. We had a room on the third floor, which also gave us a balcony. BUT FOREWARNING: there are NO ELEVATORS. I personally don't give a hoot, I like walking up and down stairs (good exercise) and you should too; but for those who are elderly or handicap, you will want a room on the ground floor. Perhaps folks with small children would prefer a ground floor as well. My kids didn't mind. 3) comfy beds. Very comfy. I slept good. 4) the grounds are nice and tranquil and quiet. I enjoyed just walking around and having some peace and quiet (with the exception of my three year old who turned into the demon child most of the weekend!) ;-) 5) nice lobby. has a very rustic feel to it. So you can imagine you are actually in some sort of ski resort area. (sorry, being from NorCal, I can NEVER consider MT Charleston a top notch ski resort destination!! Or ski destination of any kind, but apparently, they DO have a ski area up there. Go figure.) The Bad:1) the so-called &quot;spa&quot;. I sure as heck didn't see one. There was no spa to be found. As far as I know, it was just a private room where a woman did massages and body wraps and stuff. When I think of spa, I think of hydrotherapy tubs, dry sauna, steam room, all marble peacefulness and tranquility. So it is misleading to say they have a &quot;spa&quot;. Re-wording of that might be nice. Needless to say, I didn't get to take advantage of any spa treatments, as there was/is only one woman running the show there if you should want a massage or body wrap or whatever. 2) This is just a Mount Charleston thing but word to the wise: there are NO STORES ON THAT MOUNTAIN. You are at the mercy of the few lodges/hotels up there should you need anything from a stick of gum, to water, to food. So either stock up ahead of time, or plan on shelling out extra cash for such items. 3) while our room WAS cute and clean, it did NOT have some of the things mentioned on their website, like plasma tv, refrigerator, or little fireplace. The Ugly:1) the service. As previously mentioned, the service here leaves alot to be desired. While the people were nice enough and friendly, there is this sort of strange, lackadaisical attitude that permeates throughout the property. From the gal at the front desk to the service in the restuarant. This is NOT Hawaii folks, where you expect a more &quot;hang loose&quot; attitude. Needless to say, the service left alot to be desired. And it wasn't just this hotel. We went to eat at the Lodge on Mt Charleston and had the WORST service there. (like the waiter serving everybody BUT myself, then completely forgetting my breakfast...happy effin' mothers day, eh? My mate had to finally call him over and say um...where is my lady's meal?? Again, this was not at the hotel on MT Charleston, but further up the road at the LODGE) So perhaps this malaise or high altitude affects these folks on the hill, thus negating any sort of decent service. I don't know. But if they want to continue to have guests, everybody needs to step things up a notch or ten. 2) This being somewhat service related, once I realized OUR faux pas in not stocking up on drinks and snacks for the kids, I asked the lady at the front desk if there were any sort of stores, sundries, anything in the hotel or nearby. She said no, but they DO have a bistro that not only serves gourmet coffee but also you can get things like juice, chips, etc, ad nauseum. She mentioned they would be open in the morning at 7am. (we arrived around 5pm and the bistro was closed.) So, the next morning, we got up, and all I wanted was a good cup of joe and maybe a muffin, as well as some juice for the kids. We go downstairs, and the bistro was closed. We asked a gal at the front desk why it wasn't open, to which she replied, &quot;oh gee, I don't know, he should be here by now. But our restuarant opens at 8am!&quot; Now after an okay dinner the night before, I really didn't feel like sitting down at the same restaurant for breakfast. And it being mothers day, they were charging a much steeper fee for a meal and I don't think they were going to be selling just coffee. It was at this time we made the (bad) decision to drive further up the hill to the Lodge and get breakfast instead. Meanwhile, as we are departing the hotel, we see a young gent walking up and looks like he works at the Bistro. We ask him, &quot;hey! do you work at the bistro.&quot; To which he replied,&quot; yes, I do, however I am not working there today, I am working in the restuarant&quot; um. Ok. That is just....weird. I am sure there were many others who just wanted to grab something quick, and not have a big sit down overpriced breakfast, but whatever. We smelled a bit of a &quot;scam&quot; if you will, hence the reason we drove up to the Lodge (where we had the additional crap service and lackluster breakfast...once I was actually SERVED my breakfast). Seriously, I didn't really NEED a big breakfast, just some good coffee. (a treat for me, since I never drink it except on special occasions or once in a blue moon) It just seemed so petty and annoying to me. Why NOT open up the bistro?? They probably would have made MORE money off the folks with the same intent as us, than they did on their overpriced breakfast. So, that is my rant on the hotel. I think it has infinite potential. I think they need to have some big money come in, add an amazing, REAL spa in there, update a few things on the premises, and then do something about the help/service at the property. It can turn into an amazing little quaint getaway, especially for those of us who live in southern nevada. (p.s. do NOT eat the Southwest Salad at the restuarant. I LOVE super spicy food, but they go overboard with the spicy dressing. It had no taste was just...spicy. Viva Heartburn!)	
Apr 12 2008	The hotel rooms	Katherine from Las Vegas valleyI recently booked a room at The Hotel on Mount Charleston. There was a convention in town so all the rooms on the strip were filled. I came up with this GREAT idea, considering my husband and I couldn't find a room in town. I was so surprised when we got to the hotel to find that they had made lots of renovations! The lady at the front desk was so nice and the room was AWESOME!!! We were so happy to find a beautiful flat screen with built in DVD player in our room, plus the coolest fireplace we have ever seen! The room was imaculate and I loved the bathroom! We enjoyed a very comfortable, romantic night there. In the morning, we enjoyed our coffee by the open window of our room. It was so tranquil, perfect!! Then we enjoyed the BEST breakfast ever there at the restaurant. Although we only got to enjoy a short stay there we will be booking another stay real soon. The next time we will book with the spa as well. My husband and I consider The Hotel on Mount Charleston to be a marriage saver!!!!!	
Jan 3 2008	Snow in Vegas	Just after Christmas, we decided to take our children to see snow. The closest resort to us is Mount Charleston, just 35 miles northwest of Vegas.The Mt Charleston Hotel had rooms available. A standard room with 2 double beds, including tax, ran us $170. The hotel was nicely decorated for Christmas with twinkling lights and a large tree in the lobby.The room was pleasant. It had a fake fireplace which actually put out a bit of heat. A nice touch was 2 sinks, one inside the bathroom and 1 just outside the bathroom door.Dinner at the Hotel was excellent! They do not open for breakfast until 11am though, so we were unable to eat there the following day.A short 6 mile drive up Mt Charleston led us to a designated snow-play area. It was wonderful, and as luck would have it, it began to snow! Just a lovely light sprinkling.The day of check-out, we drove up the hill to the ski area. They offer a few food items, highly overpriced and not fresh but frozen (such as breakfast sandwiches). Nice hotel, beautiful snow, but try to find the Mt Charleston Lodge for your breakfast, not the ski resort.	
May 14 2006	family friendly?	I wanted to book this lodge for a family trip to Vegas in August. It looks like a nice place, and offers &quot;family cabins&quot; which look spacious. However on trying to book I was told that they did not offer cribs (i have a 1 year old daughter) and the beds are in the middle of the room (i.e. not against a wall, so easy for little ones to roll out of) - the reason? because the guests kept stealing them! I thought it was easy to charge people for stealing hotel property?! Even with this ridiculous state of affairs I was prepared to go ahead with the booking, until it transpired that they would charge for the entire stay up front, even though the cancellation policy was 48 hrs before arrival and it is now may...Family friendly - right! suffice to say I did not go ahead with the booking.	
Apr 30 2006	Snotty Service	A few years ago, my parents, husband and I had the best pizza at the Mt. Charleston hotel, and on a recent visit, thought we would make a special trip to try it again. What greeted us at the restaurant was a very snotty waiter who couldn't bear to answer two questions regarding the menu. When he granted us the information that the pizza had to be ordered in the &quot;bistro&quot;...a shabby little convenience store type place - and then taken to the patio, we moved to our next destination. When we to the &quot;bistro&quot;, an equally snotty employee could hardly stand to explain that these pizzas were frozen. Handmade but frozen - then he said they microwaved them! Very disappointing - especially in a hotel which should cater to tourists. Very disappointing. They need a culture change - as even the woman at the desk seemed put out to answer one simple question.	
Feb 13 2006	Terrible stay!	My husband and I had stayed at the hotel under the previous ownership on our honeymoon and on several other occasions. The rooms had been nice and cozy. Under new ownership it was terrible! The rooms were disappointing. The king size bed had 2 flat Queen size sheets that kept falling off. It also had a feather bed that did not fit the bed that kept sticking you all night. The TV was too small and sat on a low cabinet. It was impossible to see it due to the fact that they gave you pillows the size of airline pillows and when you went to sit up against them they fell behind the bed! The &quot;HEADBOARD&quot; was some pieces of wood nailed to the wall very high above the bed! The room was very cold and when you turned on the heater, it sounded like a semi truck had just started next to your bed! It was on a timer and it would turn on every 5-10 minutes or so. Turn it off and you froze to death! There was no room service. The brochures telling you of the restaurant hours gave you the wrong hours for them. They actually opened later than stated and the &quot;BISTRO&quot; which was supposed to be opened from 7 AM to 7 PM was always closed around 6 PM! The staff was rude and unfriendly. They did not even ask when we were checking out about our stay! There was a pool table in the Arcade but it had no chalk for the pool cues! To top it all off, there were tree ticks in the room and the toilet ran all night!	
Dec 4 2005	rude people	I found rude people at Mt. Charleston. This place seems to be evil. Everysingle person is so rude...I will never &quot;GO BACK&quot; to the place..0 out 10	
Nov 14 2005	Great Hotel!!!	My wife and I stayed there 11/12/05 for a friends wedding that was held there. The staff from the GM, hotel desk, resturant and all of the staff are very helpful. Rooms are very clean and spacious. This resort was recently taken over by a very nice family a few months ago...so ignore negative reviews before. It is a very pretty location.	
Nov 10 2005	Mt. Charleston Hotel	I went with a girlfriend to have lunch; and found out that the Hotel has changed owners. The Hotel has become even more beautiful, they have added a water feature in the front, redesigned the inside when you walk through the door. We met the mother of the new owner (who was very charming and beautiful) and she told us of many more changes to come, from remodeling the rooms to an ice rink in the back....can't wait. Food and atmosphere was well worth the quick scenic drive from Las Vegas. I highly recommend to everyone that loves their fill of nature to go and experience the Hotel. Both my friend and I have grown up in Las Vegas, and have frequently visted Mt. Charleston. Always so much to do.. lodge, cabins, skiing, hiking, site seeing, horse trails, camping, hotel, weddings and one of my all favoite things to do is up at the Lodge at Christmas (when the snow is coming down) take a romantic old fashioned sleigh ride!! Enjoy and welcome to our world! smile.	
Jun 22 2005	Terrible Rude staff!!!	On June 22, 05 on our way back from the lodge we had planned to get a suite and stay the night, as it was getting late, about 3:45 PM. However, when I entered the main lobby area, I noticed the young girl at the reception counter, said &quot;Hi, how are you?&quot; She just stared at me, never said one single word. Never burped, grunted, nothing. Just stared at me. I said, &quot;I just need some information.&quot; Nothing. Not a word. No hello, may I help you, nothing. Not as much as a smile. Very rude and unprofessional. She should be fired. I immediately decided that this was not the type of place I wanted to spend my money so we left. I am so disgusted with this continual attitude not only at this hotel but everywhere you go in Vegas. Obviously they have so much money they don't need mine, or perhaps this is where all the other rude, indignant, arrogant people meet to not enjoy themselves. My advice, go up the road to the cabins by the lodge.	
Feb 28 2005	wonderfull	For some reason the Mt Charleston conference was booked at the Mt. Charleston hotel and thank god for that, together with all the very important people and tons of media I had the chance to see the Mt Charleston hotel at its glory. It has been a while since I have been there and the memories of a rundown old hotel were still in my mind, but not anymore. It is renovated to a luxurious point and managed by a new crew who is as friendly as they come. The Chef is very good and the prices were reasonable. So do your self a favor and go up there for a Starbucks Coffee and a relaxing brunch with a harpist and an Opera singer.	
Feb 26 2005	Great stayed - enjoyed!!	I bought a gift certificate for hotel+dinner for my parents in February. Danielle, who assisted me with the purchase of the package certificate is professional and a pleasure to do business with. My parents were extremely happy and impressed with the friendly staff, including the front desk, waitress and bartender. They said the room was very nice with a beautiful view from the balcony. My father loves to eat and thoroughly enjoyed the filet mignon dinner and the continental breakfast, which included fresh strawberries. Our family highly recommends this hotel!	
Feb 21 2005	beautiful!!!!!!!!!	the mt charleston hotel is a wondeful place it is beautiful and the NEW front desk manager James was absolutly the best! so friendly and helpful he wanted nothing but for us to be satisfied. i was slightly apprehensive at first because i have heard some negative things about the hotel. the rooms were average not anything special but i was informed that the rooms (along with the rest of the hotel) are going through a complete renovation. and will be finished by early summer. i was very happy to hear this. and cant wait to see the finished product. the staff were aware of the tarnished reputation they carry because of the previous owners. and are more than trying to make a new name for themselves but as we all know this is a process and wont be perfected over night. i think they are doing a great job and again i cant wait to see it all finished will definitly return to that wonderful gettaway!!	
Feb 19 2005	Majestic Wonderland!	My husband and I have lived in Las Vegas for more than a year, but we'dnever been to Mt. Charleston or the Mt. Charleston Hotel. We'd heard that the hotel was being refurbished under new ownership, and that seeing the improvements was definitely worth a drive up the mountain. What better day than Valentine's Day to check it out!The entire experience was awesome! The scenic hotel is beautifully nestled among snow-covered mountains and fragrant fir trees. The fresh air couldn't have been more crisp and clean. Whether inside or outside, this piece of paradise could make anyone feel rejuvenated!The moment we stepped into the architecturally unique dining room for the Valentine's Day brunch, we were treated like royalty. The staff was warm and friendly, the live music was perfect and the food was incredible! From the first sip of mimosa to the last bite of cheesecake, the total presentation was first class! Our Valentine's Day at the Mt. Charleston Hotel was an event we'll treasure forever. Even if you're from another planet, don't miss this majestic wonderland!	
Feb 15 2005	Disappointed...	My husband and I planned to stay at the hotel for the night before Valentine's Day for a romantic getaway. We were excited but skeptical because of the reviews we'd read. We should have listened. Upon entryt to our (non-smoking) room, we found cigarette burns on the chair, and on the blanket. The shower and bathroom had dirty/black grout resembling mold. Not to forget, the toilet seat had urine stains on the seat. There was no evidence of room service, restaurant information, or other basics in a hotel room. The overall feel of the room was dirty and deary, but we overcompenstated by humoring the situation. The dinner in the hotel's restaurant could have had a better selection. (Only 5 things to choose from, cheapest being $17/plate.) We had terrible service by a waitress whom had worked the lunch shift in the bar, and by her shirt - you could tell. It was supposed to be the romantic, quiet dinner for two that turned into choking down a high fat expensive steak and waiting 15 minutes for a response from anyone for dessert, a check, anything!! We did, however, had a great time earlier in the day up at the Mt. Charleston LODGE (near the cabins) and returned there for dessert because we had such a horrible time at the hotel. We would have headed home, but at that point we probably had too much to drink. When we checked out in the morning, I had to go over our bill wondering why a mysterious extra $30 was tacked on. Oh, it turned out to be a holding fee for the room. We never cancelled, and we showed up, so why would be charged a fee afterward? It got cleared up with ease as a simple mistake. I was really surprised by our experience there. We thought it would be a better situation and more guest friendly. So, beware: Don't go with too many expectations! Advice? Book a cabin further up the road! Although more money, its worth it!	
Feb 1 2005	Wonderfully surprised!	We were skeptical about staying at the hotel after reading the reviews, but wanted to spend the weekend in the mountains. We had heard that the hotel had been remodeled recently, so we decided to try it out. Boy were we glad we did! The mountain air was so crisp and clean and the trees were magnificent. I cant remember the last time that I felt so relaxed and rested. Just the thing for getting rid of stress. The atmosphere was warm, cozy and best of all quiet! We certainly enjoyed ourselves and are looking forward to our next visit.	
Jan 19 2005	Great Service	I recently stayed at the hotel because the lodge messed up on my reservations and good thing they did because the hotel was great. there was a wedding going on so the dining room was closed but they moved it into the bar area which was fine and it was a great meal! the room was nice and cozy and having the balacony was great what a view! all the staff was very nice, checking in and checking out, retaurant and bartender. all ver helpfull and talkative!i would come back to this hotel anytime!	
Jan 11 2005	Very Romantic!	This holiday season my fiancee and I were pleasantly surprised with the warmth and beauty of the Mt. Charleston Hotel. The rooms were cozy and clean with great views of snowy mountains, the hotel staff quite friendly. We saw deer in the morning while sipping hot cocoa on our balcony! We were told by the manager that the hotel had been recently purchased by new owners and renovated just prior to our arrival. It is a treasure for lovers wanting to escape the busy streets and bright lights of Las Vegas.	
Dec 5 2004	Unfriendly People	I find not only rude people at Mt. Charleston, but basically Most of Las Vegas people seem to be very rude, strictly to themselves, not friendly, &amp; what more can I say! Most are heavy smokers, won't give you the time of day &amp; care about Nothing, other than Money!!!!!!	
Oct 27 2004	Looks can be deceiving. Needs staff who are friendly.	My wife and I passed the hotel on our way to Mount Charleston, and thought we would try it for lunch on our way back to Valley of Fire. What a mistake! The hostess who was working at the restaurant on Sunday afternoon, 10/24/04 should be fired!! Talk about a bad attitude!! She was rude, arrogant, and offered no appologies for unexplainable forgetfulness of a waiting list. Not one time did she show a hint of a friendly welcoming smile. She was very rude to a group of eight diners (including some seniors) who came in after us, and definately projected a...IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT, THERE'S THE DOOR attitude. My guess is, if that much chaos existed trying to seat people, the kitchen could only be worse! Keep on driving back to Las Vegas for a meal unless you are really hungry.	
Sep 20 2004	The wedding coordinator is evil!!!	The pictures on the Mt. Charleton Hotel website are beautiful. When we arrived there 2 days before I was going to be married there I was extremely dissapointed. The area is A LOT smaller than the pictures make it look. The wedding coordinator is VERY, VERY Unaccomodating and very rude. She did not care to hear about what we wanted and brushed us off. The room that they gave us to get changed in was extremely small and smelled terrible. The staff other than the wedding coordinator was OK. So to people looking to get married here BEWARE!!	
Aug 19 2004	Buyer beware	I had heard good things about Mt. Charleston so my wife and I thought it may be a nice place to get married. The idea of being married there was the only thing that went smoothly. When we check-in and went to our rooms we were appalled, the rooms were dark and dirty. There was no way I was going to stay the night in such a place or have my out-of town relatives stay there. We went right back to the office to ask for a refund. The staff was very rude and accusatory towards us when we asked for a refund. It took serveral hours of talking to them before they gave our wedding party a refund for one of the two days we had reserved. We had to eat the money on one of the nights. All I can tell people thinking about staying at this hotel is beware, and expect slow, rude service and dirty rooms. We went ahead and got married there but was very unsatisfied with the level of service we received and the cleanliness of the place.	
Jul 25 2004	Fuhgeddaboutit !!!	Staff was stiff,putting it lightly.The Munsters or Addams family would treasure this resort,but it's all up to you,decide for yourself.One thing,I do like the area,feels like old days on mountain trips to upstate NY &amp; Penn,Log cabins an all.....	
Jul 23 2004	Older property struggling to keep repeat guests	My boyfriend took me to the hotel for a romantic getaway two weekends ago. The hotel is definitely old, but we were willing to overlook this to enjoy a night away in this historic property. There were at least two weddings happening when we arrived on Saturday and as a previous comment noted, the lobby was overtaken with guests and the dining room was being used as a banquet area. This meant that we had to have dinner in the bar, which turned out to be very nice. Our server was polite and efficient (as well as the hostess) and the cozy environment (with live music) just added to the very tasty food.Like any new guest in a room, we looked around after check-in and found no ice machines (ask at the bar or restaurant), mold in the grout of the bathroom, a very old smoky smell to the whole room (and even stronger in the mattress) and a dried liquid on the toilet seat (right under the special seat cover that said it was specially cleaned for us). A serious hazard that we viewed was the cleaning woman smoking while &quot;cleaning&quot; the rooms. She left the burning cigarette unattended on her cart, while in the rooms. We have also written to advise the Manager.Breakfast was enjoyed in the Dining Room, but the room seemed understaffed. Our server was very good, but rushed. The food was very nice, once again.We checked out and enjoyed a hike to Mary Jane Falls, which we recommend....if you have 3 hours to kill....since we weren't in as good a shape as we thought! Visiting in snow might be worth the trip to the hotel.	
Mar 4 2004	Never Again!	Booked a room on Tuesday for my adult daughter and myself for the Fri &amp; Sat of the same week. Friday was okay, although the room was disappointing. Small, old TV with no remote and few channels, bathroom grout black with mildew (inexcusable with all the wonderful cleaning products out there!) But Saturday was awful, to the extent that we ended up checking out at 4:30 pm after a very unsatisfactory discussion with the &quot;manager.&quot; We had booked the room for the rustic, ski-country ambiance, which included a huge wood-beamed lobby with a roaring fire to sit near after walks in the snow. What we found Sat. morning was a whole white lattice walled wedding chapel built INSIDE the hotel lobby. It completely blocked all view and access to the fireplace. As the day wore on, we discovered that there were EIGHT weddings scheduled back to back. We felt virtually trapped in our room between outings in the snow. They kept blocking off the main staircase up to our second floor room, so that the brides could make their grand entrances. The lobby was unavailable for relaxation, the bar didn't open until after noon, all the slot machines and the game arcade were shut down for the whole day and everytime we walked through the lobby someone would &quot;shush&quot; us because a(nother) wedding was in progress. At 4:00 pm with no sign of it abating, we expressed our dissatisfaction to the acting manager, Shane, who was rude and who basically told us our only option was to check out with no refund if we didn't like the situation. He tried to pass off all the lobby weddings as being due to &quot;an act of God.&quot; Imagine! At 7000+ feet in February, there might be snow to prevent garden weddings! We felt they could have warned us of the situation since we only booked three days ahead of time. We did end up leaving and what was supposed to be a relaxing weekend in the snowy mountains ended on a very sour note. They refused to refund even a part of the second night's room cost, even though we didn't stay. We will NEVER go back again.	
Feb 20 2004	Had a wonderful relaxing time	Went to Las Vegas in February and spent 3 nights at Mt Charleston Hotel. Had a wonderful, relaxing time. The atmosphere is quaint, but very nice. It was nice and quiet, no screaming children running around. Spent relaxing hours in the lounge by the fire enjoying the view. The staff was very nice and friendly. The dining room was very nice and the food was good. Will definately return next year. Also enjoyed the private jacuuzi.	
Feb 18 2004	Surprise Trip	We have traveled up to Mt. Charleston several times, but always bypassed Mt. Charleston Hotel &amp; Restaurant. We decided we were going to go for dinner there one week-end. We were very impressed with everything. The people there were very friendly and accomodating, the food was better than average, the atmosphere was more than we had expected. We did not check out the Hotel on this trip, but plan to soon as we are having out of town guests stay out my home but would like to spend a few days there also. I forgot to mention that I am new to the Vegas area. I moved here a year ago from the Chicago area, so the scenery here is a wonderful treat. Now I want to share with a few of my family members and a few friends.Thank You	
Dec 31 2003	Filthy way outdated they call it 'rustic'.	Stayed 1 night 12/30/03. Hotel desk staff was not rude, but not pleasant either. Very matter of fact. &quot;no this, no that&quot;. We had 2 double beds on the first floor. Very outdated. Probably done in the 70's. Bathroom and room was filthy. The room has no centralized heater- it has 1 small space heater bolted on the wall with a filter. The room has 2 chairs/no table. Bathroom is tiled w/ grout so filthy it looked black! TV works, no Fox channel though. Guests that night seemed to be families w/ small children, yet the hotel is not kid friendly at all. It has a dining area w/ views of the canyon- this is probably what's keeping this hotel going. I doubt if there are any returning guests there... You're better off getting a hotel in the Summerlin area, a few exits off I-95... Don't go to this hotel. You will be wasting your $$. We got up at 7am the next day and dashed out of there....	
Mar 6 2003	Brief Visit	We were only able to enjoy the restaurant the night we visited. The scene could have been from a romance novel. It was lightly snowing, which only enhanced the view from the panoramic windows. The food was above average, but the service was a little slow. The fireplaces added even more to the evening. We were able to see the suite on the second floor. It was average, but the picture on their web-site is of the 3rd floor suite and it seems to be very nice with its vaulted ceilings. All the personnel were very nice and helpful. There is no elevator so be prepared for a haul if you bring lots of luggage. We do plan stay there next year in the 3rd floor suite. The lodge at the top of the mountain is cheaper and supposedly has Jacuzzi tubs, but they seemed snobbish and wouldn't let us see a cabin.	
