Oct 25 2009 	Closet with a bed	The first time I stayed here the room was very nice, good size. Apparently this was an upgrade fluke. The room I had this time was a closet with a bed. You can get a much better and larger room at almost any of the casinos. Room was clean but not worth the money. Also NO SHUTTLE SERVICE. I was told at the desk that it's only a couple of miles to the airport that a taxi shouldn't cost too much.	
Feb 26 2009 	Close to I-15 free Internet (a big deal in Las Vegas!)	This hotel was very good. If had free internet access in the rooms, with two computers downstairs that you could use to print; a big deal considering the fact that our friends who were at the Stratosphere at the Strip were paying $12 a day, and they were there for a whole week! We had a rental car, but there was a shuttle van, and the hotel is located opposite the southern end of the Strip. The rooms were remarkably clean, and showers immaculate. The front desk staff was exceptional, and parking was easily accessible. We did not know that parking is free in Las Vegas, which is amazing if you live on the East Coast! Would visit again!	
Sep 30 2008 	HVAC problem	I have stayed at other Fairfield Inns and decided to give the Fairfield Inn South a try when I was in Vegas for a long weekend. I am sorry to say that I don't plan on staying here again and this is why:Being the end of September, it was still in the high 90s during the day and the high 70s/low 80s at night. This meant that I needed the air conditioning on in my room. The problem is, either you are in the North Pole or the Sahara Desert - no in between. The HVAC unit on the floor is right next to the bed.Not only it is very noisy when it is on, there are no dials on the unit for high cool/low cool, high fan/low fan or whatever.All there is is a thermostat unit on the wall. The thermostat has a button for on or auto, and one for heat/cool/off. No high/low fan button. And you can adjust the temperature with the little up/down arrows. Here lies the problem -because you can't put the fan on high or low the unit only has 1 function - blow freezing cold Arctic air out at a high rate and when the room cools to the temperature on the thermostat, it shuts off. No low fan to run. Therefore you are either freezing or boiling in the room. No in between. I got very little sleep the 2 nights I was there because I was up constantly all night adjusting the thermostat. It was terrible!! I would never stay at this hotel again unless they add a high/low button to the thermostat.Other than the HVAC problem and the fact that the bed was right next to the unit (maybe 2 feet from it!) , the hotel was fine. The room was very small but they managed to have a big desk with plenty of room on it and a little armchair &amp; footstool. Small closet. The king size bed was fabulous as were the wonderful feather pillows. The staff were all very nice and the breakfast was good. There was plenty of hot water and good water pressure.I did not have a suite, I just had a standard room. I did not hear any planes overhead (yes, the hotel is fairly close to the airport runways but so are the Mandalay Bay &amp; many other strip hotels!) perhaps because the noisy HVAC unitl drowned them out! and I did not notice any smell in the hallways.	
Mar 27 2008 	Fairfield Inn 	Had a fantastic last minute booking/stay at this Fairfield just south of the LV strip, and got a great price for my last minute effort. Extremely friendly staff, extremely comfortable bedding, and a great breakfast. We wouldn't hesitate to stay here if we ever went back. It was in a great location if you wanted to be close to the strip but not right on the strip. Fantastic facility!	
Jan 22 2007	Fantastic Place To stay	We stayed at the resort on the 7th Jan. and just loved the place. Everything was so professional from the front desk to the quality of the room. Our room was a twin suite in the main building. I have stayed in hotels all over the world from very basic to very comfortable and would rate this resort very highly . Our twin suite had two bathrooms one with a jacuzie. Three bedrooms two fully fitted kitchens four tellys all rooms were fitted with upmarket furntiure and fittings. In the centre of the resort were two very safe swimming pools and two heated jacuzies. Deck chairs, loungers and palm trees completed this area. At night this place was lit up which looked impressive. If you could improve this place I would reccomend a second shuttle bus the Aladin hotel is the nearest hotel on the strip but is still 10 mins walk away and late at night this could be awkward as the other shuttle bus is at the other end of the stip so if you are in the Luxor you are left with little options but to walk or get a cab which with tips and all could set you back 20 dollars a trip. Also the shop could be a bit better stocked. I know these are minors details but would be a big improvement to the quality of our stay. Overall I would highly reccomend this place.	
Sep 2 2006 	Beds were great. Room was clean.	The Fairfield Inn is located on a off the beaten path area of Las Vegas. This would be ok if it wasn't near where the planes take-off and land. The staff is terrific. My luggage did not arrive with the plane. I was dressed in a long sleeve shirt, and had no toiletries. The front desk person hooked me up with two Marriott T-shirt's, and a ton of supplies such as lotion, razor, toothbrush, toothpaste, etc. The hallways did smell funny and did not look very posh. The room itself was very nice. It was extremely clean, and did not smell at all. There is a Microwave, fridge, separate living room with a large TV, a huge bedroom with another TV, and a large bathroom with a strong water pressure shower. The bed was so comfortable I wanted to take it home.There is a huge negative to this hotel. It is very close to where the planes take-off and land. Unless you enjoy being woken up at 7:00am by the sound of jet engines, I would avoid this hotel.	
Apr 6 2006	Not recommended	My stay was for two nights. I don't recommend this place and here are the reasons:-The hallways smell like a skunk. When you turn on your ac, it pulls the smell into your room. Yuk! If you read reviews about this place, another poster mentioned this smell yet I booked because I saw more positive reviews than negative. This place is only a year or two old. -I was given a handicap room(shower stall)and when the water spilled out all over the bathroom after my shower, I requested a room change. The man at the front desk was annoyed, told me that there were no rooms to change to, instructed me to go back to my room and he will call me. After ten minutes, my husband went up front and luckily got the manager. The manager changed us to a different room. -I don't know why I was even given a handicap room to begin with. Neither my husband nor myself is physically challenged and when we were checking in, the front desk informed another guest that they DO HAVE rooms available and yet I was still given a handicap room. I won't stay here again.	
Apr 3 2006	Great Hotel One Small Problem	Stayed at the Fairfield Inn on April 1, 2006. Perfect Location, just a couple of blocks from the Mandalay Bay, close enough to the Strip without having to deal with the traffic of the Strip. Nice, clean spacious rooms, friendly staff. The only problem I had was the AC/Heating unit was very loud. I actually had to turn up the TV pretty loud to hear it over the AC/Heating unit. The unit did have a digital thermostat so you could set it just like your home thermostat. I left my room, set the unit to 80 degrees (it was cold in Vegas during my stay) so when I got back to my room it was nice and warm so I set it to 72 and went to bed without it coming back on as I slept.	
Dec 24 2005 	Awesome	I stay in a lot of hotels and this place is awesome. The rooms are top-notch and the service is very professional. You really can't believe you are at a Marriott BUDGET property. You'd swear you are at a full-service Marriott.	
May 27 2005	Outstanding Hotel	My boyfriend &amp; I were attending a wedding in Vegas. All of the hotels were pretty expensive for the weekend we were going. Of course we wanted to stay on the strip but because of the prices we decided to stay at the Fairfield Marriott. My boyfriend &amp; have &quot;HIGH&quot; standards anywhere we stay &amp; try to get the best value for our $$. Our reservations were for the entire stay of our trip, but a few days before we left we found cheaper rates at The Excalibur so we canceled all but the 1st night. We did our research &amp; found that the hotel was still very new. When we arrived it was better than we even imagined. It was still very close to the strip &amp; we see all the hotels lit up. The lobby was very clean as well as the grounds around the hotel. The room was spectacular. It was like a mini apt. Everything was clean &amp; in great condition. We stayed in a King room, the front of the room was a little living room w/a hideaway sofa, TV. &amp; even a stereo complete w/cd &amp; cassette. The bed, linens &amp; pillows were &quot;VERY&quot; comfortable. Almost better than my own. There was also a 2nd TV in the area w/the bed. I was very upset that we canceled our other days &amp; was sad to go. This place was so much better than the Excalibur. The only downfall is its not on the strip &amp; there are no slot machines here, but were big gamblers. But none of that mattered. The staff was very friendly &amp; we were greeted each time we came in. I plan to stay here every time I'm in Vegas &amp; would recommend it to everyone. We were so impressed.	
Jan 26 2005	Nice Hotel	This hotel is only about a year old, it is very nice for a Fairfield. The lobby, and room decor are exceptional for a hotel of this class. We stayed in a suite with 2 double beds, it had a rather large bathroom, a nice seperate sitting area with pull out sofa, TV, stereo, desk and 2 chairs. The room is long and thin, but nicely arranged. Breakfast is included in the morning from 6am-10am and includes hot and cold cereals, all kinds of breakfast breads and pastries, fruit, waffels, juice, milk, yogurt etc., it was very good. Lobby staff ok never acknowledge you coming or going, had trouble finding our reservation in the computer too, not the friendliest people. You can hear airplanes here and there. The only real problem at this hotel is that the rooms get very warm unless you keep the air conditioning on (we were there in Jan. it was in the 40's at night), I can't imagine how bad it gets in the summer! The air conditioner is wall controlled and VERY noisy, we would set it low when we would leave the room and always found it back at 76 when we returned! Even with the air on only the bed area really cooled, the living room area where the pull out was stayed pretty warm! They have non-smoking rooms which was nice. The other problem I had was with the staff. When we left the hotel in the morning my daughter left her doll in the room, we know this because we walked straight from the room to the car. We didn't realize the doll was left until we were already on our way. I called the hotel and asked that they go get the doll so a friend could pick it up, I was told to call back. When I called back I was told they could not find the doll. I really don't think anyone looked, I even told them when they would find the doll. It would have just taken a minute to go up to the room and look. My daughter is still upset! Next time i'd drive back and look myself! Just don't leave anything behind and you'll be ok!	
Apr 13 2004	Great stop excellent service and breakfast	For those who are traveling through Las Vegas to other destinations and do not want to stand in lines or be inconvenienced by the gambling atmosphere. This is a great choice to stay it is right off the freeway and easy to access with out traffic issues. The FairField Inn is a new building and very accommodating in the way of service and room layout. Fairfield Inn was a great stay for us on the way to California. In conclusion, I posted this comment to let others know of this hotel, since when I researched this hotel there were no comments. The only thing that I would consider an inconvenience is you can here planes fly over the hotel from time to time.	
