Sep 16 2009 	Not Bad But not good Either!!	Stayed in F Building 3rd floor was all they had.$169. call ahead, big billboard above office states $149 as comeon.,bring your own bed linen's/towes.no microwave. has stove. frg.bring roach spray!! for occasional siteing's.around kitchen/bath area's. A can of Disinfectant wouldnt be a bad idea.long term renters living there.the suites management should place a can of Roach spray as a Comp in unit.blinds had some tatter's sofa too! other then that just a head's up.	
Oct 13 2003	Unecessarily strict check-in procedures	We had originally booked 4 rooms at another hotel which, only upon checking in we learned was just bought by Budget Suites of America. As a result, the hotel was overbooked, and we lost our rooms. After 40 minutes waiting, the staff found us rooms about 5 miles away - this hotel on Boulder St. We waited for about 40 minutes for the whole check-in process. What really bothered us was the very stringent check-in details they had us go through. The staff said it was their policy since they mostly rent by the week and by the month. However, we were only staying for one night!!! They said they needed to collect and have in file all these information as well: all adults' driver's license details; all vehicles license plates; place of work, and phone numbers. We understand that this may be necessary for other guests, since after all, this is an extended-stay discount hotel. We felt though that it should have been at the management's discretion to have us avoid their usual check-in procedure. Since we were to stay only one night, a valid credit card and driver's license should have been enough information. We jokingly said amongst ourselves that the only information missing was our social security numbers, and a mug shot of each! The so-called 'discount' rate we were charged for the hotel included a 'surcharge' of a non-refundable $6.95, which they said was for &quot;workman's compensation&quot; which we didn't understand.Because of what we experienced with this particular hotel, we decided that we will NEVER book with this hotel nor any other hotel affilliated with the company that owns this hotel. There's just too much hassle to check-in, and having to provide your personal information shouldn't be necessary when only staying for a day or two.	
