	Embassy Suites	The staff was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was one of the best I've had at a hotel. I did not get to attend the evening reception because I was working, but from what I saw it looked friendly and inviting. I will stay here next time I travel to Vegas.	
Nov 22 2009 	Super trip	It was a lot of fun, we visited every hotel and every casino. We went to the Cirque du Soleil Show: O which was a very amazing experience, I totally recommend it to everyone who visits Las Vegas.	
Nov 6 2009 	Business in Vegas is never just "Business"	Stayed here and it has all the amenities a vegas traveler needs! Truth is no one ever plans to stay in when their in Vegas if they are what are they doing in Vegas? The Hotel rooms are tasteful great bathroom and comfy beds! The free breakfast was delicious and not to mention the open bar :)! hotel is conveniently located a walk away from the strip..restaurants..and convenient stores!! :)	
Oct 27 2009 	Don't expect 5 star and you won't be disappointed	I generally stay here when visiting Vegas.It is a no gambling property - no clanking of slots!Breakfast includedOpen bar &quot;Free&quot; included during happy hourThe property is older and honestly not very attractive but the pricing reflects this.The fitness center is the minimum necessaryThe pool is OK but not fancyThe money you will save staying here will more than cover the cost of cab fare to wherever you want to go.	
Oct 26 2009 	Off the Strip but quite nice. Not the Bellagio but...	what are you expecting from a hotel called the Embassy Suites?Honestly, the hotel was quite clean, well done and the parking was free -- and you could literally walk downstairs and out to the car, not miles and miles away or $14 a night.Breakfast cooked to order was very nice and complete.Excellent value.The ONLY negative things i can say, a) 1.3 miles to the strip is a bit of a walk so buyer beware that it's not ON the strip.b) the shuttle service they offer is available -- but not frequently. i missed the 630pm and would have had to wait til 730pm. no thanks!The Envy steakhouse at the Renaissance Hotel next door offered a terrific $39 prix fixe dinner.Would stay here again as long as i had a car or walking shoes :)One last thing, if you have a chance, don't miss the Red Rocks recreation area about 17 miles out of town. Gorgeous and great hiking and bike riding.	
Oct 13 2009 	Truly A Gem and well worth every dime	Went to Vegas for my friends B-day but didnt have the funds to splurge on the hotel the rest of the group stayed in. I went here expecting Embassy Suite/Hilton quality of course but this place was great! Aside from the great Embassy Suites room (full living room, balcony, cozy bed in bedroom and luxurious bathroom) cooked-to-order omeletes and the breakfast buffet (pancakes, french toast, eggs, sausage, bacon, cereal, juices and MORE!!!). The hotel also provided a Happy hour everyday from 5:30-7:30 with free drinks, wine and snacks. Good times and good place to network! The location is a little far from the Strip (approx. 1 mile or so I believe) but only about a 3-5 minute walk to the convention center monorail which takes you directly to the strip. The monorail runs til about 2 or 3am after that you just have to catch a cab which isn't so bad. Aside from that you're away from the hustle and bustle to enjoy quiet at your leisure. My friends stayed at the Palms Place and MGM which were GREAT!!! but they didnt get the free happy hour and breakfast (though my friends suite at the palms place was ......WHEW!! thats all i can say). So if you're traveling on a budget this is a great place, plus Hilton Honors is always having deals. I just happened to luck out with 4 nights at like $250. What a steal!!! I would definitely stay here again (possibly for my trip to Vegas again in December lol)	
Oct 8 2009 	Great place to stop with family	We don't normally like to stay in Las Vegas but since it is half way to our destination we chose to stay there. We are not into the Las Vegas scene at all so wanted a hotel without a casino. We have 5 children and were looking for something affordable. We came across Embassy Suites on Priceline and for a family of seven it worked great. The room had a living room/sm. kitchenette area and then a separate bedroom. The room would sleep 6 and we put the baby in his own playpen and also had the staff bring up a portable single bed. The kids loved the pool and their favorite part (and mine) was the made to order breakfast in the morning that was included in the price of the room. That kind of breakfast would have easily cost us $40 at a restaurant. We were cozy in the place but it certainly worked for the one night we stayed and was clean and comfortable and the staff was helpful and the hotel was very nice. The kids loved the glass elevators as well.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Stay	Great Stay! We stayed here one night due to the close proximity to the Convention Center, we then moved to the Bellagio, and immediately moved back to Embassy Suites.What a wonderful experience. The staff went out of their way to make sure we were comfortable. Having the option of an evening cocktail at the Manager's special is a nice benefit, and the breakfast each morning was steaming hot and fresh, making it so convienent when needing to get to an event at the Convention Hall.The workout room was clean, equipment is updated and it is included with your stay. If you are a Hilton Honors member, the wireless internet is provided at no charge, a nice added benefit. The hotel was quiet and clean. You don't have to schlepp your luggage for miles into the hotel, parking is plentiful and free. We didn't mind being off the strip, it was a welcome respite from the craziness. You can easily drive to the strip, or walk to the monorail station for an evening of fun.When in Vegas again, the Embassy Suites gets my business!	
Oct 1 2009 	Great Experience!	Great hotel, off the the strip! Not as upscale as some Embassy Suites that I have stayed in, but still nice. Enjoyed the breakfast and manager reception. The shuttle came in handy to the Convention Center and Fashion Show Mall. You have to call the front desk for pick-up. Downside- in door pool, but had an outdoor hot tub and lounge.	
Sep 22 2009 	Beautiful rooms friendly staff	The hotel was fantastic. Off the strip, so quiet, but only 2 blocks from the strip. Hotel provides free shuttle drop off and pick up to strip. All the staff members were extremely friendly and helpful. Rooms were very spacious and clean. Bed's were huge and felt like heaven. Cleaning service was thorough and friendly and fantastic with our belongings. Hotel food was wonderful. Laundry facilities located on floors 11 and 2 for convience. Free bar from 5:30 to 7:30 every night. Hotel was in mint condition with lovely fountain in lobby. Free computer priviledges. I loved the hotel.	
Aug 23 2009 	Very nice	Really nice place good staff and very clean.Comfortable suite with nice furnishings and a step out balcony, good if like me you smoke. Plenty of parking out front with security at night.Fantastic breakfast in the morning, don't miss it.Great hotel shame about the town, giant construction site full of well fed tramps and hookers, not a place to bring your kids. Good tip for a day out is lake Mead, hire a boat really nice and not expensive.	
Aug 14 2009 	Disappointing	Stayed at the hotel for 4 nights. Travelling with 4 kids(3 teenagers). Thought that a 2 room suite will be a good alternative to booking 2 rooms at a hotel on the strip. Bad decision!Reasons.........1.Very far from the strip. 2. Neighbourhood appears &quot;shady&quot; 3. Sofabed unfit for sleep......kids very upset. 4. Park your rental vehicle at your own risk........see #2 5.Poor housekeeping......had to call housekeeping daily about multiple issues.In conclusion, while the rooms were not bad, the reception staff reasonably friendly, and the amenities average; the resort falls far short of anything I had stayed in the past, that belonged to the Hilton chain.	
Aug 10 2009 	Forbidden word "Lesbian" (net sites for GLBT blocked for this reason)	2:00 pm Saturday - I was very happy with the set up, a small living room with a nice bedroom and bath. The front desk staff was helpful as could be. 6:00 pm - The happy hour was great, free drinks, nachos, chips and popcorn. 12:30 am - Used hotel pc's in the business center to try and look up information on a mainly GLBT club. The site was blocked because it contained the forbidden word &quot;lesbian&quot;. Facebook was also blocked. Is this the US or China? I'll never stay at another Embassy Suites again. That perhaps goes for any Hilton Honors hotel depending on what I find out about GLBT sites being blocked. 1:00 am - Went to bed. I could hear my neighbors, particularly the ones above me in their bath, the water running, hair dryer, everything. There was also some strange loud noise like furniture being moved on a tile floor. It went on for some time. There were various other noises as well. 7:00 am - Woke up. The strange noise started again. Maybe it was kids blowing on something. With that and the noise from the other rooms there was no hope of going back to sleep. I could also hear kids playing in the pool two floors below.	
Aug 5 2009 	Fantastic !	We rented a two room suite and stayed here over the weekend of 4th of July We arrived around 9.30 in the morning and seeing that we were exhausted(had lots of baggages as we were only stopping by Las Vegas for 3 days en route to Nevada before heading home to New Zealand), the staff checked us in straight away. They were friendly and very helpful. The rooms were huge and the beds very comfortable.The toilets were big and the towels soft and plush. The suite has a dining table and a lounge where everyone could stretch and watch the big TV. What I liked best was the managers' special which runs from 5:30 to 7:3o every afternoon where you get to have free nibbles and drinks- any kind of drink(my husband enjoyed this very much). The free breakfast was just great- a wide variety of continental and cooked. You can even ask your eggs to be cooked the way you want them.You can not get better value for your money. The place is quiet, a bit far from the strip but hey, it is only about 20 minutes walk. It has a convenient store and a McDonalds just next door. One nice thing is you can use the internet(they have 2 computers) at the lobby and it's free. We enjoyed this place and will definitely stay here again. Thank you, Embassy for making our holiday an enjoyable and a memorable one.	
Jul 15 2009 	Nice alternative to the Strip	We booked this hotel at the last minute and got a good deal (I believe) with a AAA rate of $107 for a King Suite with a balcony. We arrived at the hotel at 2am and were promptly checked in. The room was nice and clean. The king bed was very comfortable which was welcome since we were exhausted. The sofa bed was not comfortable at all but I suppose they are not made for comfort. The hotel is non-smoking. They have an indoor swimming pool that we didn't use - I would have preferred an outdoor one but I would think the indoor version is welcome in winter.We had the free wi-fi which was a nice touch and came in handy. There are not many places to eat within walking distance - a McDonalds nearby but not much else. The hotel is a short drive from the strip - we enjoyed the proximity without the noise and traffic of the Strip.The best part of this hotel is the free cooked to order hot breakfast. It was awesome!!! It really makes this hotel a great value. Cold Selections: fresh fruit, assorted cereals, bagels, breads, muffins, danishes, Hot Selections: Bacon, Sausage, French Toast, Eggs, Potatoes, Oatmeal, and the BEST omelet bar that also makes fresh cooked eggs. Omelet choices were; bacon, sausage, ham, onion, bell pepper, jalepeno, mushrooms, tomato, and spinach.They had juice dispensers, coffee and tea. They also had a soda dispenser that had Coke products.We didn't participate in the manager's reception but they had nachos and popcorn the one night that we walked by.Overall, this was a great last minute booking for Vegas. For a nice quiet, non-smoking, non-casino hotel this was perfect!	
Jul 13 2009 	Great value	Stayed a Friday night - cost around $100 including evening drinks and snacks and full breakfasts. Wow!Had a great room, lots of room and very comfortable beds etc.Pool looked great.A little far to walk to strip, but monorail close by.Nice people.	
Jul 7 2009 	Exceptional Value - Great Staff	Just returned from a week at this property. The staff were friendly and tried to accommodate all needs. Room was clean with flat screens in both rooms, and free WiFi if you are Hilton Honours member. Food (breakfast was great and cooks were professional). Great location away from all the commotion of the Strip. I found this to be a great value and a nice property.	
Jul 6 2009 	Why would you stay anywhere else?	We stayed at this hotel over 4th of July weekend, and we loved it. The staff was great, the rooms were immaculate and very comfortable. The sleeper sofa even had an innerspring mattress! The bathroom was very nice, and the towels were very plush. Breakfast was excellent - great variety and very fresh. For overall value, this was the best hotel I have stayed at in Las Vegas. Sure, the casinos on the strip have glitz and marble everywhere, but if you want quiet, affordable and family friendly, check into this hotel. I recommend you pay a few dollars more and get the large balcony. Ours was at least 10 feet x20 feet with two chaise lounges and three chairs – all overlooking the south end of the strip.The hotel is easy to get to from the airport and is convenient to the strip (the parking garage for the Palazzo and the Wynn are just a ½ mile up Sands Blvd.	
Jun 16 2009 	Typical Embassy Suites	I found this property to be pretty typical of Embassy Suites. I think a few of the previous reviews were a little harsh...you have to understand that this hotel is not on the strip, it is not a casino, and it is not a resort. It is located near the convention center. We found the hotel to be clean and very quiet, and the staff was courteous and helpful. Our only negative observation regarded one of the two breakfast cooks, who was not as good a cook as the other one. Overall, a favorable experience, and we would stay here again.	
May 4 2009 	An ok hotel...a little ran down	The hotel was ok...definately overpriced for its condition. Upon check in into our room, one of the beds didn't have the cover placed on the bed, the bathroom sink was making some really loud noise ( old piping i guess), the corners of the room were very dusty, the business center was off order, and thy don't have flat screen tvs. The staff was pretty frendly but nothing overly impressive.	
Apr 21 2009 	Good business hotel.	Right now, Great Vegas hotels are booking rooms at very low rates, esp midweek. So, if you don't mind staying in a very nice hotel, that happens to have a casino, I would go with that option. However if you are in Vegas for business, or passing through with family and wish to avoid the Vegas in Las Vegas, this is a solid choice. Good Breakfast, nice rooms, it felt slightly dirty, but I couldn't put my finger on an exact problem, just felt like it was a bit old and could use a scrub. Parking is good, the pool is inside, which is kind of odd for a place that has pool weather 8 months out of the year.Overall a good choice, but you can get a nicer room for less at a hotel with a casino.	
Apr 19 2009 	So-So	I was a little disappointed with this hotel. The rooms very outdated and look dirty. It's hard to tell if anything is clean as the decor is so dark. Our bedding had holes. No free WiFi, no flat screen tv's. It was okay for a night, but I would hate to spend a vacation at this hotel.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great place for Christian non-gambler (or smoker) with young children	We stayed here with four young girls (9,6,4,7 months) when my husband had an engineering convention. (Yes kids in Vegas for the Hoover Dam, Grand Canyon, The Shark Reef!!!!, The Children's museum!!!!, The Lion Habitat, The fountain and Garden at the Bellagio, The chocolate factory and the Dolphin habitat). We picked this place primarily because we did not want to stay on the strip and we always stay at an Embassy Suite because of the free (or included) breakfast. The service was excellent. They have a fountain that was fantastic for the children. It had thier undivided attention. It was very entertaining for them.We have seen more extensive breakfast at other Embassys but it was more than sufficient.One thing to watch for. We had dinner at the restaurant the first night and my 6 year old burned herself on the on-table candle. The flame comes over the top of the votive. The staff was very attentive and the dinner was free.	
Feb 23 2009 	Perfect for what we wanted	We choose the Embassy Suites Convention Center, because we had our 11 year old with us this trip and did not feel as we would be able to take advantage of a casino. Plus the added value of the free breakfast and the managers receptions. We arrived a little after noon, and our room was ready. We upgraded to one of the “Large Balcony Rooms”, and I’m glad we did. They all face the strip, and the view at night is spectacular. I am convinced the view is better than anywhere we have stayed on the strip because you can see it all. The balconies are about 12 feet by 30 feet with several chairs and lounges. (See Picture) We only made the managers reception one night. About the same as any other Embassy Suites. This one how ever does not give you a limited number of tickets for drinks like I have run into at other Embassy’s, so it is all you can drink. The free breakfast is very good and the quality at this one was above normal. The room is typical Embassy, but I think they had just been re-done. Everything looked new and fresh. The bathrooms were above average size. The lobby has a computer to print out your boarding passes, but it was down, so the clerk offered to print them for us. Nice touch on their part. We rented a car, and this hotel is very conveniently located to the strip, and makes a good starting for doing all the touristy stuff. We had no issues parking at any of the casinos and malls. Day trip to the dam and Green Valley was only about 2 hours total, and worth the trip to me, but my daughter was not impressed with driving that far to see a “Brick Wall” holding back water. She would have rather just shopped that day. Did the sign. They have a parking lot now. Guess enough people were killed running across the highway that they decided it would pay for a lot. Once you park, you pretty much get in line and the “tourist etiquette” takes over. You offer to take a picture of the person in front of you with their camera, and then you ask the people behind you to take one of you with your camera, and so on. Pretty much crammed all the tourist stuff we could into our trip for our daughter’s sake. Volcano, Fountains, Conservatory, Sirens, Lions, Dolphins, M&amp;M World, Caesars Shops ect. We did see Cirque du Soleil KA at the MGM. I will put up another review of it, but we really liked it. I do have to add, that I thought the porn slappers did a very good job of pulling back when my wife and daughter went by. They did put them back out for me after they walked by, but hey, at least they have tact. Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Embassy Suites and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone else. Feel free to PM me if you have any other questions.	
Feb 23 2009 	Very nice great breakfast 	Breakfast - made to order &amp; hotService - greatNot a slot machine to be seen in the hotel - nice.Near convention ctr but not so near to the strip &amp; casino's	
Jan 10 2009 	Fantastic Staff. Nice Location. Great Vacation	We're HHonors members. It took awhile to get into our room. Past check in time. But when we got it was just as we asked, on a high floor and a quiet room. Nice view of the city and the mountains. The next morning our tub backed up with very unappealing matter, but the front desk staff gave us another room to shower and dress in while they took care of our bathroom issues. The housekeeping was great, the front desk staff amazing. I heard more than one knucklehead complaining over silly things and they handled each complaint with grace and diplomacy. It was New Years Eve and the place was packed with all different types. The hotel is a typical embassy Suites with a very nice breakfast spread and atrium layout. The location is good and the front staff must have a way with the local cabbies because they show up within minutes. They even have a shuttle that they run back and forth to the strip hourly - which is not highly advertised. No charge!We'll definitely stay here again. Great place but the staff made it fantastic!	
Dec 30 2008 	A hidden gem for meetings and families with kids!	I just returned from running a seminar at this hotel and I was very impressed with all aspects of service as well as the beautiful lobby, very well appointed meeting and sleeping rooms, the great indoor pool and the awesome full breakfast in the morning. We had some attendees just coming for the seminar and some were staying at the hotel and they were all very happy. My husband, one and four year old came with me and we stayed the weekend and I loved that we were close to the strip but in a very kid friendly, non-smoking environment. We all took the monorail and did go to the strip one day and it was a very easy walk and I didn't feel that the neighborhood was bad at all. Also, I think that the indoor pool at the hotel is the only one in Las Vegas so if you are coming in the winter with kids, having the pool, a frig and microwave in the room as well as the full breakfast makes this the only choice for me in Las Vegas...now that I have been here, I wouldn't stay anywhere else.	
Oct 21 2008 	Loved the Room - Think twice about the location and neighborhood	The breakfast was great and the room was oversized and clean but the location of this hotel is less than ideal. There is no shuttle to the strip they just tell you to head down the block to catch the Monorail but the neightborhood is very scary and I wouldn't walk it at night. My vechile actually got broken into and the hotel didn't even care even though it was in their parking lot and under a light. They actually made me feel like it was my fault and have signs posted saying park at your own risk. What is that? Where else do I park? They obviously have a problem but won't do anythig about it. Now I'm stuck with a $350 bill to fix my car. Thank you Embassy Suites. Do not recommend this hotel.	
Sep 12 2008 	Peaceful in Vegas	This Embassy Suites hotel was a peaceful and very pleasant refuge from the craziness that is Vegas. We're not big Vegas fans, which is why we chose a non gaming hotel. This Embassy Suites is very nicely decorated and kept. The pool was clean and in a very attractive setting. Happy hour was okay although they don't provide many drink choices for kids and they are not allowed to order for themselves. Breakfast was very good, nice selection. The location was a bit far from the strip however the hotel does have a shuttle service and we recomend you use it. The front desk advised us not to walk to the strip but we didn't listen, It was a big mistake, it was so hot and not a great area to be walking in. Our teenagers enjoyed having Hard Rock cafe across the street. College was not in session while we were there so I have no insight as to what effect that would have on your stay. All said we enjoyed this hotel very much and it was probably the best thing about our Vegas trip.	
Aug 26 2008 	GREAT HOTEL BUT A BIT FAR OFF STRIP	The Embassy suites is a lovely place to stay, the rooms are huge, we went with my 15 year old daughter. There is a bedroom with 2 queen sized beds, then a living room with a pull out sofa bed, chair, TV, fridge, microwave and kitchen area.The breakfast was divine and is complimentary. It ranges from healthy fruit and yoghurt, cereals, bagel and muffins to eggs, sausages, bacon, waffles, pancakes....the list just goes on and on.We walked to the strip on the first night and it took us 25 minutes (brisk walking) to the middle of the strip. The temperature was 93 degrees at 8pm at night do it wasn't a pleasant walk. There is a shuttle that is literally 5 to 10 mins walk away that takes you to the strip but it costs $5 each for every trip so can become quite expensive, al so the station inside the hotels for the shuttle, takes you at least 20 mins from going in the hotel door to getting to the station to board the shuttle, you could have walked there by then. I love walking but with the heat and humidity it wasn't pleasant.If I go to vegas again I would probably stay somewhere ont he stip or a little closer to the strip.	
Aug 25 2008	Great Place for Families	We stayed here for 2 nights at the beginning and 1 night at the end of our vacation to Zion, Bryce, Page, Sedona and Grand Canyon. Perfect place for our family of 6-kids enjoyed a swim and although pool is small and indoors they just wanted to cool off. Breakfast included was a bonus.Very helpful staff and clean through and through.Good choice for off of the strip.	
Aug 3 2008 	Typical embassy	This was a typical Embassy Suites. Away from the Strip, this hotel offers a much more peaceful stay that is still within a couple blocks of the action. The stay got off to a bumpy start when the key card would not open the door - however, we went down to the desk and the problem was remedied easily. That was in fact our only complaint, because other than that the service was excellent and the room was spotless. The breakfast every morning is amazing, and I'm sure there are not many places that can rival the selection offered there, especially considering it is free. All in all, great experience and definitely a good alternative.	
Jun 17 2008 	Very very average	Typical suites accomodation but service was very slow - took half an hour to get a TV remote and even longer for some simple room service. Breakfast was a real self service rush about but the omlettes were first class.The pool is a massive dissapointment, small and indoors and the outside heated spa is even smaller. Not a place for those after a pool scene.Hotel seems popular with resident and visting (mainly military) Brits who flock noisily to the free beer in the bar at five thirty. It is not exactly convenient for the strip and you will mount up taxi costs.All in all very very average; it's OK but it will not be my first choice next time.	
May 18 2008 	It is very close to the LVCC	Fantastic staff!!! Everyone was really friendly and helpful. We were there for a convention at the Convention Center. The business center was nice. Great food for breakfast. No taxis to be found however. You have to call for a taxi and it may take a while. Not your usual smoky loud hotel in Vegas. It is a non gambling hotel so it would be more suitable for kids. I do agree with everyone on the sink and shower being really loud. You can hear everyone around you when you are in the bathroom. It was clean but it is dark in the room. Most people are not going to be hanging out in the room though. It is really close to the convention center and an easy walk. There is a little store next door. Not the worse area of town but not the nicest either	
May 12 2008 	Great place to stay....	First time staying 'off the strip'. The Embassy suites Convention Center is ideally located just a few minutes walk from the monorail so access to the strip is easy. The hotel is modern and clean with huge rooms. Additionally, you get a full cooked breakfast to order as part of the cost of the room AND free drinks from 1730-1930 every day. My wife and I saved $300 at least over our 10 day stay...If you don't mind quiet rooms and no gambling in the hotel then this is the place for you...great brewery and restaurant about a mile down Paradise Road!	
May 11 2008	Great For My Needs But some issues	We are a frequest Hilton (Embassy Suites) guest and knew what to expect. We were excited because we wanted a room near the strip but off the strip and we rented one of the rooms on the top floor with the huge balcony. Upon checking in half the funature was no on the balcony. We did like still having another balcony off the bedroom also (was very small couldn't sit on it). The huge one was great for entertainment once they replaced the furnature (they took it from the 9th floor balcony. They didn't clean our room one day and insisted we had the DND sign on the door (the funny thing is we never had one, we kept asking for one too). So they brought it put it on the door and someone stole it after the mades did their cleaning (ok if they insist, and I'm sorry would of been nicer). One other huge problem was the connecting door to the room next door although it had a deadlock was able to be pushed open. My 14 year old went into the room herself and some man was trying to get in. Turned out he just moved into the room next door and was trying to see what he door was. The issue I had with them is they tried to say he couldn't get in due to the deadlock, but we could see him he could stick his hand in, NOT GOOD - FIX IT!!! We enjoyed out stay but until they fix that majo issue with the door we will nto return.	
Apr 30 2008	A Quiet Rest	This hotel is off the strip and offers the sensitive traveler a quiet respite. Check in was impeccable and swift, the room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was delicious. The only disappointment was my call to the Front Desk for more towels was either forgotten or ignored.The hotel is located behind the Wynn and it's about a mile walk to the Wynn entrance. There is a Las Vegas Monorail station a 5 minute walk away.	
Apr 19 2008 	This Embassy Suites is a little past its prime	The bad points outweigh the good for this tired Embassy Suites about a mile from the Las Vegas strip. First the good -- it is clean inside, I had no issues with housekeeping. It is quiet, I was not bothered by outside noise. And the wi-fi is consistent, with a good signal, and as a Hiltons Honor member, there was no charge for it. But the bad points are numerous. The hotel is past its prime and the hot water roars like a bull when it's turned on. I am sure my early morning showers disturbed other guests. The entire time the water was running it sounded like a jet engine. The hot water handle on the bathroom sink came off in my hand and I had to screw it back on. The small refrigerator was turned off and smelly when we first checked in, and once I turned it back on it dripped annoyingly through the night and disturbed my sleep. The vending machine on my floor was not well stocked and would not take dollar bills for my entire stay. There are only two guest washing machines for a hotel with 11 guest floors, and I could never find one that wasn't being used. The hotel does not offer a shuttle to the Strip, so if you don't want to face Las Vegas traffic, you're limited to taking the monorail, calling a taxi (none hang around the Embassy Suites) or walking. And while there is a monorail station about four blocks away, the hotel is located in an area of Vegas that borders on seedy, and I would not recommend making that walk at night. Lastly, I found the hotel staff to be a little on the impatient side and not overly anxious to help with routine questions. Overall, a less than pleasant stay.	
Mar 28 2008	Highly Recommend	Very nice hotel. Breakfast was great . Sleeping was quiet and comfortable.	
Mar 11 2008 	Consistantly Embassy Suites	This is not the place to stay if you want Vegas action, but that said, being in Vegas, it does have a more active and lively happy hour and bar than other Embassy Suites I have been in, which can be good or bad depending on your tolerance for the sound of people enjoying themselves echoing through the place. Especially if your room is close to the 3rd floor Atrium. I didn't mind, and I liked the lively atmosphere.The breakfast was better than other Embassy Suites I've been to. It had more hot plate offerings, such as french toast and more diverse ingredients for the omelettes. The room service food was surprisingly excellent and affordable. The fitness room is small, three treadmills, a few mulit-use weight machines that I didn't want to try to figure out what a couple of them were for. But nice and bright, with a view of the pool.The rooms are looking slightly dated and are a little dark. I found myself utilizing every lamp as the bulbs weren't very bright and the color scheme was dark.And the person that wrote about the fridge freezing everything was right on.The front desk was super nice about allowing me a later than usual check out. The parking lot is convenient and while the hotel is off the beaten path, there is plenty nearby with a quick drive or walk to get to.	
Feb 23 2008 	Can't believe it's Hilton Family	I fully agree with some of the comments that staff are rude in this hotel, the receptionist with name tag of Ashley is horrible, I have never met any hotel staff with such manner. I really don't understand why she is so bad to customer when we just arrived and wanted to check in. It's not just impolite or inexperience, she seems to hate doing her job and show bad face to us. We visited many hotels every year and this is absolutely the worst I've ever come across in the past twenty years.	
Feb 9 2008 	Goodclean hotel.	WE stayed at this hotel in December for 5 nights for our wedding,Good clean rooms ( did move on the first night due to being too near to atrium bar) but this was not a problem.Great breakfast,free internet with free printers,especially helpful to print off boarding passes,When we stayed it was extremely busy but we just got up a little earlier to avoid the lines.As stated before 5 mins from shuttle station,and five mins by taxi to a huge shopping mall which.is off strip so cheaper.Had no problems getting around either walking or by taxi.The big strip hotels are huge,fancy but a little impersonal,but this one is great value for money,and only a little out of the way.	
Feb 1 2008	Pass	Pass on this one. To far from anything with a very marginal cafe...staff was rude and unwilling to help. Checked out after one night, paid $260 a night. Checked into Hilton Grand Vacation Club at 2650 Las Vegas Blvd...now that is a great place, and I paid $140 per night...	
Jan 29 2008	Our family's favorite hotel	For a fmily of 6, with 4 teenage kids, this is the best place to rest, have a delicious breakfast, and even a &quot;happy hour&quot; complementary&quot;	
Jan 6 2008 	Didn't care for this place	I almost hesitate to express my views here, as so many Trip Advisor posters seem enamored with this hotel. In fact, I booked this hotel based on the reviews I read here.We'd booked a room for five nights, but ended up checking out after the first night as the hotel just wasn't what we had in mind.Yes, the suite concept is handy, and the happy hour and breakfast is a nice touch. However, it was difficult to get a drink due to the small bar area and the masses of people bellying up to the bar at Happy Hour. Breakfast was a similar mob scene, and while the food was tasty, the crowded breakfast area was a major drawback for us.We also found the hotel noisy, as all the rooms face the atrium and the noise really travels.Our room was in desperate need of an overhaul - it was dark and gloomyand the living area furniture was soiled and worn. The bathroom really needed some attention - the tile around the showercould have used a good scrub and repair - tiles were loose and some had fallen off. Chunks of grout were missing and the rest was just plain dirty. Thecold water spigot came off in our hands every time we turned the water on, and the toilet paper spent most of its time on the floor, as the dispenser was hanging from one nail.Every time we turned on the water in the bathroom we were met with a loud howling noise from somewhere within the pipes.The room left us with an overall impression of neglect and dinginess.We were looking for a comfortable, quiet off strip hotel experience and this particular Embassy Suites didn't fit the bill, so we left andfound a cleaner, well-maintained hotel in a much quieter, less chaoticarea.Parking at the hotel wasn't a problem, but it was a bit of a pain to get in and out of their parking lot, as the monorail runs through hereand it's easy to miss the turn.This hotel might work well for some, but it didn't work at all for us.	
Dec 30 2007	Typical Embassy Suites	My wife and I generally choose Embassy SUites over other hotels, as wehave found them a great value. This ine is no different. Excellent happy hour (the bartenders are great and very friendly). Breakfast was very good, though you need to get there before 8am to avoid the lines and have a place to sit in the atrium. If the atrium gets filled, they open one of the conference rooms, but there are no windows. Instead, take your food to the thrid floor and eat in the bar (also in the atrium).The rooms were the usual size for an ES, and had the usual amenities, including a microwave oven. If you keep milk the the fridge, turn the firdge to warmer or the milk will freeze. They use shower doors instead of curtains in the tub (thank you!!!), but as with most hotels, the shower head isn't quite sufficient for a good rinse. When will hotels stop putting flow restrictors in the shower heads? They do not save water. It takes x amount of water to remove x amount of soap. It can be done in 30 seconds or 120 seconds, but it is still the same amount fo water. There was a tiny bit of mildew stain on the tub calulking along the door, Generally the batroom was in pretty good shape- not perfect, like 90/100.We would stay there again.	
Dec 16 2007 	Bravo!!!	Best Embassy Suites I have ever stayed at. We came up for Thanksgiving week and spend (8) nights there. We love staying at Hiltons and Embassy Suites is our favorite of the chain. We booked one of the rooms with the large balcony (Anyone can book this room it just costs more and they are limited as they are the top 4 - 5 levels only. Most of the other rooms had a smaller balcony (but are cheaper). This balcony we had was huge - probably as big as our room, two lounges, 6 chairs, two tables, our toddler could ride her tricycle with plenty of room. The room didn't seem to be upgraded any other way, but it was clean and nice. The breakfast was very good and kept us from oversleeping mornings. If we made it the manager reception was good (better then at most Embassy Suites). The staff we encountered were nice. Our cleaning person was nice, and they don't try to get out of cleaning your room each day. They keep a good watch and get you when you leave the room. You don't see them they just clean. I would leave notes with tips as I deemed and were all completed. They even tucked in my daugthers doll. It was nice to stay away from the stip with the kids and there are four daycare centers in 10 miles and two closer then 5 miles. I give my best recomedations to this hotel!!!!	
Nov 30 2007	awesome	awsome rooms really comfy and spacious. the atmosphere is nice and still close to everything esp. if your in town for a convention.	
Nov 29 2007 	Very comfortable	After deciding to brave Las Vegas at Thanksgiving with kids, we used all our Hilton Hotel points to stay at Embasy Suites for four nights. I honestly have nothing bad to say about this hotel. It's off-strip, non-smoking, and quiet (except for the kids running around at breakfast). The hotel offers a free buffet breakfast, which was pretty good, hot, and with a lot of variety. There was a huge line the day after Thanksgiving, but I think everone wanted to get out to go shopping. The pool was clean and fun, just with a bit too much chlorine. The beds were comfortable, the staff was friendly, and the room was clean. I loved the bath soap, too! We were about 1 mile from the strip, but there were still a few casinos within walking distance, in case the gambling bug strikes. Also, the LV Monorail is just a 5 minute walk, and it's a great, safe and clean way to get to the strip if you don't have a car. There was always a cab sitting outside the hotel, too. If you're going to visit Las Vegas, this a great choice for an off-strip hotel.(The only glitch we experienced was that my mom stayed with the four of us, and has a bad back. We had asked for a rollaway for the room(instead of her using the pull-out couch), and I called a few times during the week prior to our arrival to confirm it. When we arrived at 11pm, there was no rollaway and we were informed that it is Embassy Suites policy not to allow rollaways in rooms with two beds and a pull-out couch, due to space and fire hazard issues. I am okay with all of that, but just wish I had known before arriving. )	
Oct 19 2007 	Best Hotel off the Strip	We stayed 4 nights, Mon-Fri in October, after a wonderful road trip through Arizona. If you are looking for quiet place to relax, then this is the one for you. The hotel was in good condition; the rooms were spacious with a living room, large chair, sofa sleeper, TV, table and chairs; plenty of counter space; we used the mini frig, coffee pot and microwave every day. The bedroom had 2 double beds and TV. The majority of their rooms face either north or south. We were on the 10th floor (11floors total) and faced north. A beautiful view of the Hilton, Stratosphere and surrounding hills. Noise was never a problem. If you don't have a car, then it is quite a hike to the strip. We drove to all the major casinos; nearly all have free parking and elevators that take you right into the casino (of course). The breakfast was great; a large selection. The only problem during the work week is that they close at 9:00. The manager's reception is a plus; they have plenty of snacks and appetizers, hot and cold. The bar area was kept very clean. Yes, it does get crowded so get there right at 5:30.!! or take your beverages to your roomWe found the hotel staff very pleasant and gave us a late checkout with no problems.The only down side is that the hotel pool is indoors and being from the wet Pacific Northwest, even the sun in October makes you want to sit out. They have a large hot tub and chairs outdoors for the sunbathers. It would have been nice to be able to swim in the sun. The entire hotel is non-smoking; another plus for us.I would definately recommend this hotel and would stay again.	
Oct 18 2007 	How perfect can a hotel be?	We stayed at the Embassy Suites for 13 days from September 27 to October 9 and everthing was absolutely perfect! We have stayed at some of the worlds top hotels such as the Peninsula in Hong Hong or the Imperial in Vienna and never have we been treated with such sincere courtesy and comfort. After an unfortunate initial experience with the front desk associate ( Amanda) we were immediately taken over by Rickey who had us settled in our room in a matter of minutes. The room was the usual Embassy suite comfortable bed and totally sound proof with central air conditioning, two TV's, fridge and microwave in the living area..The room was spotless as was the bathroom. Towels,soap and bath ammenities were first class. Breakfast was terrific especially the made to order waffles. If you eat in the Grill Room try the hamburger as it is the best I have ever had. The prime rib is to die for as is the pasta and we shared each of these dishes. Maria is a super waitress.Happy hour(s) are well attended and say hello to Tad at the bar to see what NFL team he is going with this week! We used the pool almost every day as the temp. was in the high 80's and it was always spotless as was the outdoor huge hottub and tanning area.Supervisor Angelo Lim always seemed to be around ensuring that the guests were well taken care of and several times went out of his way to assist us. It was a pleasure to be off the strip and to have lots of on grounds parking which was never a problemWe cannot think of a single thing to complain about as our entire stay was simply wonderful. I should also mention that the houskeeping was great. We requested that our room be serviced every day before 1 PM and they never missedWe then moved to the so called 5 star Ritz Carlton for two nights at Lake Las Vegas and what a dissapointment after the Embassy Suites.We already booked the Embassy for next February and can't wait to go back.	
Oct 14 2007 	2nd stay	Enjoyed staying at this location off the Strip last year so decided to stay again this trip with our 25 year old son. Our suite on the 7th floor would have been a little cramped with our son sleeping on the sofa bed so we asked for a larger corner suite. No problem - we were given one on the 3rd floor. It was next to the restroom for the bar, but as the bar closes at 11pm it was never a problem. The staff at this hotel are very helpful, the breakfast buffet is excellent and sets you up until the evening.	
Oct 3 2007 	An Oasis in Vegas	We stayed at the Embassy Suites from 29 Sept to 02 Oct 2007.We were very impressed !!First of all, the Hotel is all non smoking, a huge bonus to us non smokers.There is no Casino which to us was another bonus. After being out on the town for most of the day and evening it was a delight to return to the tranquil atmosphere of the hotel.You are only a seven minute walk to the mono rail and can be on the strip in 5 minutes.Being a relatively small hotel there were no crowds to contend with, I dont think we ever waited more than 30 seconds for an elevator !!The suite we had (# 810) was spacious, very clean and quiet.The staff are very efficient and politeBreakfast is included and was delicious.The nightly Managers cocktail party was another bonus, kudos to the staff who run the bar in such an efficient and friendly manner.There would be no question as to where we shall stay whenever we vist Las Vegas, The Embassy Suites is truly an Oasis in the middle of such a fast paced and busy city.Go there, you will be pleased with your decision !!	
Sep 25 2007 	Outstanding Value	Booked at the Embassy Suites for a Saturday and Sunday in September. My wife and I were in Vegas to see a couple of shows but the rates for the major casino hotels were pretty outrageous, especially for Saturday. Embassy's rate ($159/night) was favorable and the Trip Advisor reviews were generally very good, so we made our reservation.Our experience was excellent overall. The rooms are currently being updated and are very attractive. The service from the staff was top notch. The hotel is very well maintained. Embassy is just a few minutes drive from the Strip and offers a complimentary shuttle to the casinos. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 2 2007 	Good off the Strip option	This is a good location pretty close to both the Strip and downtown Las Vegas. I like the fact that there is absolutely no gambling in the hotel; it's a nice change from everywhere else in town. The manager's reception was pretty nice, and they had some nice snack options. The area is small and can get filled pretty quickly. The breakfast was good- the omelets were great. My daughters didn't really like their muffins, though. The staff was nice and very helpful. Our room was nice enough, but there was a little mildew around the shower. Oh, and the sink made an awful noise when turned on. Not a big deal, but I think they are getting due for a renovation. We had room service one night, and the food was good and came pretty quickly.Overall, it was a good value for the location and the class of hotel. We'd most likely stay again.	
Aug 26 2007	Needs some updating but a good value in Vegas	I stayed at this property for one night. I have not stayed at an Embassy Suites before.The front desk person was very friendly and helpful. Parking was easy and free. My room was very big, larger than the apartment I lived in during school.Bottled water was waiting for me in my room which was nice. The breakfast had great coffee and a popular made-to-order omlette bar.The room is somewhat rundown which detracted from my stay. The AC was making weird banging noises for part of the night. The walls are quite thin; I could hear the telephone ringing in the next room.	
Aug 26 2007 	Pretty good place all things considered	It's clean, it's quiet, it's smoke free. The breakfast in the morning was very good. The afternoon complementary snacks and drinks are okay. The food consists of nachos, popcorn and a snack mix. We did not eat lunch or dinner at this hotel so I cannot comment on the restaurant. The decor was a bit above the usual Embassy Suites. When I asked for early maid service they were more than happy to oblige. The wireless internet connection was very good. I was a bit surprised that there was a charge for local calls. I think it's good that there is not a slot machine or other game of chance in the building. If you want to gamble, it's not the place for you. In the summer, it's probably advisable to have a car since the monorail station is not that close. Being from the northwest I am not used to 100F+ temperatures and I found it difficult walking in the heat. Thrifty has cheap rental cars and there is always lots of parking near or on the strip. Would I stay here again? In a heartbeat. .	
Aug 17 2007 	Nice place to stay with family	I stayed here while on a business trip. My son and husband also came along. Very nice hotel. The complimentary breakfast is awesome. Nice variety and saves money on breakfast. The pool is quite small, not too big. The Manager's reception in the evening is okay, I don't drink alcohol, so it wasn't a big attraction for me. The snack was always nachos and cheese and chex mex. The hotel gets a little noisy when the reception is going on in the evening. Otherwise, it is fairly quiet. It is a nice place off the strip. Overall, I would recommend it for someone who wants to be away from all the glitz on the strip and have a nice place to stay. The internet is not free in the hotel rooms, but there are two PC's in the lobby area that can be used for free. The front desk staff seemed pretty helpful and knowlegeable too.	
Jul 17 2007	Quiet smoke-free hotel	I chose this off-strip hotel because it is smoke-free, which was a welcome relief at night. Our room and bathroom was very clean and the layout with two rooms (a living room and a separate bedroom) is great if one person wants to take a nap while someone else wants to work on a laptop or watch some TV in the living room.Be sure to remember a cable to access the high speed internet. I forgot mine, and there is a $9.95 charge per day for wireless access in the rooms. Another important thing to know is that there are no in-room safes available here. I tried to check in my laptop at the front desk, but their safe is too small for my thin-and-light laptop so I had to end up lugging it around (didn't want it to fry in the car). So I suggest bringing a laptop lock if you want to keep it in your room.There is no hair conditioner provided, so bring your own and don't assume that it will be supplied. The made-to-order omelettes were a hit with my family, but the pastries/donuts weren't very good. Our room was right next to the elevator and you can hear it running up and down, so if you want more peace and quiet ask for a room that isn't directly next to the elevators.	
May 28 2007 	Definitely one of the best off-strip options!!	A little apprehensive ahead of arrival as have previously stayed on the strip, at Luxor. However, the benefit of The Suites is that it's situation is no more out-of-the-way than Luxor, Mandalay Bay or similar and the monorail station which links this and the neighbouring Renaissance to the Strip is about 4 mins walk - exit reception and turn right, infront of the convention centre.What to say: great hotel, very modern, bright atrium reaching 13 floors high and very welcoming ambience, with a cafe / restaurant on the ground floor, as well as a mid-size indoor pool, plus a bar on the first floor balcony. Our room was on 13 ... as high as you can go and wonderful views, even not over the strip itself. Watch out for LAS air traffic turning right on final approach, just outside your window, but not a hint of aircraft noise. Suites are HUGE and ours had a sizeable lounge with atrium view, kitchenette, very nice bathroom and a wonderful bedroom looking over the city. All staff were pleasant and swift in attention, very helpful should you need their assistance, parking out front is included in the rate. What's more - the price puts this as maybe the most attractive hotel in its class in all of Las Vegas ... a definite winner for us and should we be back in Vegas soon, I'd definitely book the Embassy Suites once more.A plus for car rental users, the hotel is on Paradise Rd, exactly 7 mins from the airport terminal without a need to turn left or right.	
May 28 2007 	A good Embassy Suites	The rooms are standard ES layout, but decorated and furnished a notch above most other ES I've stayed in. I noticed the atrium area is smaller than most, causing some congestion at breakfast (although they have a second buffet set up in a meeting room for the overflow). This does not affect ROOM size, just the atrium. Also the managers reception in the evenings is in a small area with too few tables/seats. I just skipped it. I'm on the 11th (top) floor and the AC is fine, can hear noise in the atrium from the living room, can't hear a thing from the bedroom. Walking to the strip is quite possible if you like walking (good 20 mins). Just take Sands westbound and you pop out between Wynn and Venetian (would be uncomfortable in summer though). Overall I would gladly stay here again anytime.	
May 21 2007 	Good Off StripNon-Smoking Option	I spent two nights at this property last week with my wife and adult daughter. The facility is well maintained with ample free parking. The rooms are spacious and quiet. The monorail runs right down Paradise Road in front of the property but the nearest station is at the Convention Center. You certainly can walk to the Strip from this property but I would suggest driving your car and parking at The Venetian or The Wynn which are both minutes away and easy to get to.There is a very excellent business center with two computer terminals in the lobby. The breakfast area was clean and well maintained with multiple choices. The indoor pool is of reasonable size but the outdoor hot tub is spacious.I think that this is a good choice if you want a non-smoking facility off the Strip and have a car at your disposal.	
May 20 2007 	Great Find in Las Vegas	Grabbed one night at the Embassy Suites.The hotel is in great shape, the room was spacious and clean.They offer a free breakfast and a free happy hour in the evening.No casino at this hotel. Quiet location. They have a pool but it's not a Vegas pool scene. This hotel is close enough for those adventurous and in decent shape to walk to the strip. (Takes about 20 minutes - I walked in the 95 degree heat.)For one reason or another, I've stayed at most of the hotels on the strip. The accomodations at this Embassy Suites are as good, if not better, than many on the strip.For Vegas convention goers, this hotel is certainly far ahead of the Las Vegas Hilton.Only drawback was a Guest Services clerk who was somewhat difficult when asked about a late check-out.	
May 10 2007 	Great value and extras as well!	Great value! I was concerned with some bad reviews but some people just love to complain. This hotel offers free high speed internet, (can't even get that at Ceasar's) large fridge, and even free bottled water. Check in was prompt and if you want a no smoking room just reserve a king suite as they are all non smoking. Bring your own DO NOT DISTURB sign for the door they check rooms at 9AM. Only minor problem was therre is only one ice machine and it runs out of ice and then the bar is quick to fill your ice bucket just ask. The casino is small no like there aren't others right out the door though a slot machine is the same everywhere.	
May 4 2007 	Great break from the strip	My husband and I needed a one night stay in Las Vegas as were were traveling on to Arizona. This Embassey Suites was great. There is no slot machines or smoking which was one of the reasons I chose them. They have a business center with two computers in it. The front desk was wonderful with directions, quick check in and check out. Breakfast was great, a typical Embassey Suites. They have a small gift shop on the main floor. There is a fun water fountain in the lobby. Our room was very nicely furnished. Our king size bed was very comfortable. It was a little warm in our room and no way to control. I think the front desk can control room temperatures. I enjoyed the fact is was off the stip and was quiet. It was and easy drive to The Venitian. Parking there is free from the back streets. There was a pool area, we did not have time to use it so I can not advise on it. If you are looking for an off strip hotel this one is nice and close enough to drive to everything.	
May 4 2007 	Great Hotel	The hotel was great, except for one day. Newer hotel, rooms are great. The only problem we had was with the air conditioner. One night (1:00AM) we woke up in a pool of sweat. The air conditioner decided to turn it self off and turn on the heater. When we woke up the room was at 95 degrees. We called the front desk and I guess that this has happened several times because he had a sheet of a paper with directions on what to do. The only other problem was with the room key not working. They told me not to have the key next to my cell phone. If you read some of my reviews this is an event that has happened to me during the entire month of April. The breakfast was great as was the manager special. This is the first time that I had chilli cheese fries at the manager night. This hotel is faces the back of the Venetian/ Wynn. The monorail runs right in front of the hotel, but to catch the monorail you will need to drive to the station. I think the reservation desk tells you that there is a shuttle from the hotel to the airport, but the hotel will only take you to the airport.	
Apr 9 2007 	Loved it!	My wife and I stayed at this hotel from March 23-25 and enjoyed mostly everything about it. the location is great...not too far off of the strip. we rented a car for the weekend so it was not a problem to get to the strip and back. I would recommend renting a car versus taking the monorail or walking because the monorail is not that close to the hotel and parking is free all over the strip.The happy hour was fantastic and so was the breakfast. The only downside about the breakfast was the line got a little long..but it moved fairly fast. Plenty of choices and they kept bringing food and more food when it was getting low.The hot tub is huge! We didn't use the pool...so can't really comment on that. The rooms were big and the beds were comfortable. The only downside was our room smelt like smoke. It was a &quot;non-smoking&quot; room but clearly there was smoke in there. It didn't really bother us after a few mintues so we just stayed in the same room.Everything in the hotel was really clean and nice. I would say it was above average for the typical Embassy Suites. It was nice to be a little of the strip to receive a break from the lights, people, and casinos!I will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 25 2007	Glad to have stayed here	I was in the Marriott Courtyard on Paradise Rd, and was so disappointed that I moved after the the first night. The Embassy Suites Hotel Convention Center was bright, clean and inviting. A complimentary happy hour was offered every evening and a full breakfast iwas served in the morning. I was very pleased with my stay here.	
Mar 18 2007 	Wonderful Stay	We chose this hotel to be off strip since we were traveling with teens to the Nascar race. Our suite with 2 double beds and a sofa bed was more spacious than we expected and worked wonderfully for the family to spread out a bit. The breakfast was among the best we've had at any Embassy Suites and the evening manager's reception included such things as chili-cheese fries and nachos in addition to the standard snack mix. Even though the hotel was sold out for the five nights of our stay, we never encountered any problem with parking availability for our rental car. The location was great for us. If we wanted to do something on the strip, it was a 2 minute drive, but it was nice to be away from the hubbub. The business center with it's two computers was great for checking email and checking in for our flights.	
Mar 9 2007 	Great Place	The Embassy Suites hotel is fantastic. QUIET!!!!! Great morning buffet type breakfast, great large outside hot tub, plenty of room in the suite! I'd highly recommend it. The higher the rooms...the better. Also stay away from the lower floors 1-4 near the front because of the nightly noise caused by the manager's reception and stay away from the first 3 floors in the rear of the hotel due to the free breakfast area.	
Mar 8 2007 	Sin City Fun	Embassy Suites... what else can you say. Actually, this is a nice set up.There are some pluses and minuses. For the pluses... a convienent place to stay if you are involved with a convention. The happy hour (complimentary) has a nice spread of appetizers, not just chips or pretzals. The sun through the atrium might be a problem if you are facing the front of the hotel but it does light up the rest of the hotel. The breakfast, as with most Embassy's, is good. Seating is adequate and there is a TV to catch CNN or ESPN or what ever is on. The rooms are decent with the normal suite set up (small refrigerator, microwave, sink, and living room and bedroom). The hotel is not very noisy which is a plus.For the minuses... you are not on the strip. It is a very long walk to the strip. You are better off walking to the convention center (10-15 minute walk) and catching the monorail to the strip. The pool is indoor's and not much compared to the set up of the pools at the top casino's. Parking can be difficult depending on how full the hotel is. If you have a gambling fix... there are no slots or tables at this hotel.Overall, I still enjoy staying at the Embassy's. If you are a Hilton Honor's member you can even check in online 24 hours before hand and select your room. Good luck travelers... and even better luck to you gamblers.	
Feb 11 2007	Beware! Nice hotel but you may be stuck there	My husband &amp; I stayed here for a convention at the Sands Convention Ctr. Feb. 8-10, 2007. The suites are very nice - spacious, clean, with comfy beds, good sized fridge, 2 TV's. Free Breakfast is quite good -- yummy omlets. Free cocktails from 5:30 to 7:30 can be a zoo, but the bartender pours well and is a good guy. Staff was pleasant, although it took some nagging to check in early -- they didn't seem to be jumping through any hoops to get me a room earlier than 3pm check-in time. Our problem is getting out of the hotel. Monorail is over 3 loooooong blocks away, and it drops you off way in the back of only a few hotels. Walking to the Sands conv. center is a loooong 1/2 mile. Trying to get a cab to pick us up on Friday nite proved impossible. We ended up eating in the hotel restaurant -- not by choice, but it was actually pretty good. Other guests reported similar frustrations getting to the Strip. Missed dinner reservation due to lack of cabs. I love to walk and am in pretty good shape, but Vegas demands a lot of walking anyway, and my feet got tired enough from walking the strip, Fashion Show Mall, etc. Cabs at other times of the day are available. There seemed to be a lot of families with kids there for gymnastics or cheerleadingtournaments -- a fine hotel if you are not going to do stuff on the strip, or are staying mid-week.	
Dec 20 2006 	nice hotel away from the glitz but close enough for fun	stayed here for business Dec. 14-16th. 2006. Overall a very decent place, friendly staff, convenient location, no problems at all. Because I work Las Vegas frequently, I'm not a big gambler and have seen most of the sights. This hotel is a nice change of pace, no slot machines in the lobby like the majority of most establishments in LV. The rooms are nice, as with all Embassy Suites, it was a 2 room suite, the bedding was comfortable, the mini fridge was handy for my soft drinks I usually have on the road, the breakfast was very good [fresh prepared omelets and other selections] The location is fair to good. It is on Paradise road which is just east of the strip, it's not an area I would recommend to walk around in late at night like you can on the strip, but I felt safe and secure. It is very convenient for those visiting the Las Vegas Convention center, I didn't have business at the convention center this particular trip but I have stayed at other hotels in LV when attending conventions and it's either a cab fare, monorail ride, or long painful walk . Not so from this Embassy Suites. I did go out one night, walked to convention center monorail station, caught a free shuttle to the new Wynn Resort [WOW!], then walked south on the strip to Paris/Bally's then caught the LV monorail back to hotel which is a 5 minute walk from the convention center monorail station. Something I always rate a hotel by is the quality of their internet connection that I need for work. I easily connected wireless and had an &quot;excellent&quot; connection from my 8th floor suite. Overall a nice stay, I would recommend this hotel for anyone not needing a gambling casino on site.	
Dec 12 2006 	Great place off the strip	We recently stayed at this hotel from Dec. 5-8, 2006. The room was huge. Every room is a two room suite, which would be great for family. I can't comment on the housekeeping because we kept the 'do not disturb' sign on the door because we didn't require new sheets or towels for a few nights stay. The full complimentary breakfast every morning was great; made to order omelettes, potatoes, bacon, scrambled eggs, etc. were all included with beverages. Definitely worth getting up for. The only drawback to this hotel is the location. If you plan to spend a lot of time on the strip, you'll need transportation because it is not within walking distance. We utilized taxis and the monorail mainly, but it became pretty costly. The Las Vegas Convention Center was within walking distance, however; this is also the nearest monorail stop.	
Dec 6 2006 	Off the Strip but convenient to Monorail	Stayed here in early December for three nights. Typical Embassy Suites property, maybe near the top of the range for this brand in terms of overall condition of rooms and hotel. If you are a Hilton Hhonors member, this is maybe one of the better choices in town.Location is on Paradise Road, which runs parallel to the Strip (LV Blvd). It is an easy 10-minute walk north to the Convention Center monorail station, and an additional 5 minutes to reach the north hall of the Convention Center. We found it convenient enough for our leisure trip. Tip: across from the monorail station at the SW corner of Paradise and Desert Inn roads is the waiting area for the Wynn shuttle. Our room had a small balcony just wide enough to stand on and get some fresh air. Rooms at the end of the halls on 9th and 10th floors have gigantic balconies with lounge chairs. If you are an Hhonors Diamond member, you might ask to be placed there.Property attracts business travelers and families. Considering the free breakfast and happy hour, it's a good value alternative to a casino property on the strip especially if you are renting a car anyway. Monorail is $5/one way (buy a two-ride ticket for $9...two people can use it), or a taxi to mid-strip (Paris) is $10.	
Nov 30 2006	Surprised	I was a little leary coming to this hotel after some of the reviews I read, and honestly only picked this place because I wanted my Hilton Honor Points. When I pulled up to the hotel, I was even more leary.....the exterior is quite &quot;70's&quot; and I was afraid the interior would be as well. I was pleasantly surprised to see the place has been completely remodeled. New furniture, carpet, and granite countertops to boot! My room was a spacious two room suite with a kitchenette. The other benefit was they have their own parking lot, so I didn't have to walk three blocks or valet park to get to the hotel. Free drinks at the evening reception were a plus as well. This great place to stay if you don't mind being a little ways off the strip!	
Nov 9 2006	Best non casino hotel	This hotel cannot be beat!! Near the action(right next to convention center) but not too near!We just got home. E.Suites was a relief being off the strip. Things are much quieter. We had a mondo view from our room and huge balcony with chaise loungers and a patio table and chairs facing the monorail and golf course. This hotel sits behind Wynn.. We slept like babies in the comfy king sized bed!. I have stayed at many Embassy Suites, this one is tops!The breakfast and manager's afternoon (free drinks/snacks) was great! We loved it and it was nice not to be so guarded there unlike the strip(with kids). Room was awesome down to the granite countertops/sink tops. However, no free shuttle to strip. The only thing missing was jets in the tub!! A+	
Oct 17 2006 	Great free extras!!	We spent a night here over the weekened and the price was excellent compared to those a mile away on the strip. Located close to a Monorail station and with comfortable rooms this is a wise budget decision. The best thing about hte hotel is that from 5.30pm to 7.30pm they have free drinks (anything you want) and bar snacks(pretzels/nachos) for all residents. A great way to start off your Vegas evening and the hearty breakfast is well recommended for when you return the next morning.	
Oct 6 2006 	Great Breakfast!	It's nothing fancy like some of the big resort/casino on the strip. The 1-bedroom suite is 3-star quality. Not nice, but at least it was clean. The sofabed needs to be replaced since it's very bouncy and I could feel the springs! The included breakfast was really good! They make omlettes by order and there're plenty of other hot items.	
Oct 2 2006 	Great Hotel In Vegas	If you want to enjoy all vegas has to offer, then sleep well at night, stay at the Embassy Suites at the convention center. The hotel is very clean, quite and the breakfast is great for a pleasant start to the day.To enjoy this hotel, rent a car and drive to all of the hotels on the strip plus downtown at night. Once your night is over, drive over to paradise road and over to your hotel. It is very safe to park on the lot and there is a convenience store next door to get any beverages you need.Hotel staff will not go out of there way for you but who cares, you are in vegas. Cechis in is the only time you will deal with them, and that takes less than 5 minutes compared to 1 hour on the strip.Have all of your tourist information before you go or get somewhere else in vegas, hotel has none and staff acts like the do not live in vegas.Remember, rent a car, it only cost about $20.00 per day at thrifty.p.s. get a convertable you will be glad you did	
Sep 11 2006 	Good Off-The-Strip Value	We spent three nights at this hotel and we enjoyed our experience. The hotel was clean and neat, although the carpeting was being replaced in the hallways during our stay, the rooms were spacious and comfortable, and the hotel staff was friendly and helpful. Each evening, from 5:30-7:30, there was a free happy hour at the 3rd floor bar, serving beer, a limited selection of mixed drinks, and snack foods, like chips and salsa, popcorn, and snack mix. Each morning, the free breakfast buffet offered make-to-order omelets, other hot foods, and fresh fruit. Both the breakfast buffet and the happy hour were great perks and popular ways to start the day and the evening.While this hotel is off-the-Strip, a short cab ride and $10-11 (with tip) can quickly get you to any on-the-Strip hotel. The front desk staff were very helpful and ready to call a cab for us at any time.Our one, big disappointment was in the pool at this hotel. It was small, indoors, and not at all what we were expecting. There was a small hot tub-type pool outdoors, but we didn't spend any time at either. Instead, we went to another hotel's pool to enjoy the type of experience that we were hoping for but didn't get at the Embassey Suites. Overall, we enjoyed our stay in this quiet, clean, friendly hotel. If you are looking for the excitement of the Strip, then this hotel may not be for you. There are no casinos or shopping in this hotel so you will need to go to the Strip to enjoy those activities, but if you are looking for a more laidback, easy-going vacation in Las Vegas then this is the hotel for you.	
Aug 21 2006	loved the Embassy Suites	Spent three nights at the embassy suites and would thoroughly recommend it to anyone. Large, modern suite with huge balcony overlooking the Strip and beyond. Panoramic views from the bedroom. Good value room service. Generous happy hour. Plentiful and varied breadfast ( although too little wholeweat for European tastes!) Good value cab ride to the Strip; cabs always available; 7 minute walk to the mono rail. Excellent, cheerful staff and wonderful location, an oasis of calm after the bustle of the Strip. Very good value!! Excellent calming water feature in lobby. Well done Embassy Suites, Paradise Road.	
Aug 2 2006 	Great Value!	I was pleasantly surprised during my stay. My room was great. I like the separate livingroom/bedroom concept. The beds were great. The bathrooms were fantastic and huge! I dined in the restaturant for breakfast and dinner and got a great meal each time. The only thing I didn't like, which had nothing to do with the hotel, was the time it took to get a taxi. It was a great value for the price. I would stay there again.	
May 21 2006	Great choice	Great choice. We had a top floor suite with large balcony which had views over the Wynn's golf course towards the Strip and the mountains beyond. The rooms were well appointed and clean. The staff were helpful and quick to help. The water feature in the foyer has seating around it which guests like. The breakfast buffet sets you up for the day with a range of cooked and cold foods.	
May 2 2006	If you want a great deal in a non-casino hotel - this is it!	We traveled with our son to Las Vegas for a week. Embassy Suites Convention Center was the perfect location - no noisy casino - great cook-to-order breakfast (our son was thrilled and he's picky eater!) and a manager's reception that is a great way to begin an evening! The staff was very helpful, our room was great - no problems. We took the monorail to the strip - right down the street - that can get a little expensive for 3 people - but I'm glad we did it. We had dinner there also &amp; that was very good. The pool and whirlpool were just right for us - not a lot of kids - indoor pool for when it was a little windy out. We had a taxi to the airport inside of 5 minutes - it was great! I highly recommend Embassy Suites Hotel Las Vegas Convention Center! Definitely would stay here again!	
Mar 29 2006	A Nice Escape...	Needed a short escape and chance to introduce a friend to Las Vegas, without all the gaming and noise. This hotel definately fit the bill. Safe, comfortable and convenient to the Strip without being on it.The staff was excellant and helpful with a couple of minor problems that could have quickly turned into serious ones.The room was clean and well appointed. The beds were very comfortable and there was enough space for five adults.Attractive interiors but not showy and free of gaming, this hotel not only deserves but guarantees a return visit.	
Mar 11 2006	Wonderful stay at the Embassy	We were looking for a non-gaming hotel near the strip for our brief visit to Las Vegas. We found the perfect establishment at the Embassy Convention Center on Paradise Road. They were very helpful and friendly whenever we needed assistance and the room was very big and comfortable. It was just like being at home. We had a 3rd floor room, with 2 queen size beds, as well as a living room with a sleeper sofa. The 2 TV's came in handy as our grandson could watch what he wanted and the wife and I could watch what we wanted.The prize of our stay was the free breakfast buffet. They had eggs to order, bacon, sausages, potatoes as well as a bunch of other continental items. Go early to beat the business crowd.The hotel is near the strip, but not as crowded. You should get a car if you can as the walk to the other places can be far. The monorail is down the road, but it is a generous walk. It is located near the airport, Paradise Road runs straight to the airport, maybe 7 minutes away.Overall, we enjoyed our stay and will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 28 2006	Ok.....	View was awesome-great big balcony staying on the 3rd top floor.Close to the strip and easy to get cabs. Terrific breakfast included.However our door kept not locking-they did attempt to fix it twice but still felt uneasy. Also if you dont mind air conditioner noise being similiar to when you are on a plane then this place is not for you. Had to get earplugs because of it.	
Jan 24 2006	Disappointing	Second time we have stayed, second time we have had problems. The air conditioners were non-functioning which resulted in all air circulation being down Thursday thru Sunday. We were never apprised of the problem during check-in, had to confront the issue with management after a very stuffy night. Relocating to another hotel was not an option as it was the opening weekend for the National Rodeo and hotels were packed. While management reduced the bill by one night for the inconvience, a hotel of this caliber should have a policy of alerting patrons of problems prior to check-in. Am a regular guest at Embassy Suites but will avoid this one in the future.	
Jan 22 2006	Typical Embassy Visit	Stayed there for CES, if you are going to the convention center, consider this property. The front door is 5 minutes from the convention center and a safe walk in daylight or dark. I had a room with a balcony that overlooked the Wynn $500 a round golf course. Not too difficult getting a cab to the strip and the steakhouses at the Renaissance and Ruth Chris are in walking distance.	
Dec 29 2005	End of a Perfect Trip	We had just completed a whirl wind trip thru the southern end of Utah and finished the visit off by staying at the Embassy Suite hotel. The rooms were large and comfortable. The breakfast was very good and free. We will stay here again if we end up in Vegas. We stayed at the MGM Grand at the start of the trip and were very disapointed.	
Nov 14 2005	Nice Place off the Strip	This is great place to stay if you want to be close to but not on the Strip. I agree with the other reviewers that you need to have a rental car, or be willing to walk to the monorail stop (which is very close by).I also had a problem getting hot water. It seems to take a long time for the water to change from tepid to hot. On my second day, I started the water while I shaved, and the water was hot when I was ready to shower.Staff was very friendly and helpful and the breakfast is good. The fitness room was okay, but would be full with 3-4 people.It is very easy to get to this hotel from the airport even during rush hour.	
Oct 30 2005 	The walk is farther than you think...	This is a nice, clean hotel. But be warned, when you view the location on a map it looks like it will be located a lot closer to The Strip than it actually is. We attended a Convention at the Sands Expo Center and we thought we could walk it everyday. No way. Between the actual walking distance to the Expo Center and having to dodge traffic because of the lack of sidewalks, we took a taxi to the Expo Center everyday - (about $10 each way). The Embassy Suites shuttle will drop you off at Harrah's, which I did once. If you are lucky they will let you jump out as you pass the Sand's Expo Center. That was an adventure - in high heels!What I liked about the hotel was, it was nice to come back to a quiet hotel room after spending the day on The Strip. The daily breakfast was also a plus. We were able to grab a quick bite to eat and arrive at the Sand's Expo as it opened in the morning.If I drive myself out to Las Vegas for the next Convention I would stay at Embassy Suites. If I fly again, I will be looking for a hotel a little closer to The Expo Center.	
Oct 18 2005	we will be back	We got to las vegas and had a reservation elsewhere but the room didnt get reserved like it was supposed to have been this was when the american idol auditions were on and vegas was SOLD OUT luckily enough we called the embassy hotel and got a suite which we gratefully accepted and are we glad we did the hotel we were booked at was a one star (going cheap this trip lol)When we go to the embassy the room was beautiful clean and comfy. We had a problem with the toilet and the desk people were on it in a heartbeat they were lovely to deal with. The monorail is a five minute walk away and we used it, next time we'll be renting scooters and just scootering back and forth. We have always stayed on the strip but we loved it here and will will definatly be back!	
Oct 15 2005	Consistent Quality	This hotel is a place to feel safe at which is important to us while staying in Vegas.The rooms are spacious, as they make your beds and replenish your towels everyday. We left our mp3 player on the table when we left the room for the day and came back that night and it was still there to no suprise.The staff seem to really care about your every need.Also, this hotel is also about value especially when it comes to the free breakfast and cocktail hour every day.(The food is great and the cocktail hour does include some premium liquor.)If you are looking for plush, elaborate art and decor and a lot of glitz and glamour, this is not the hotel to stay at. However,If you like to come back to a clean, quiet hotel after being out all day,then you may want to consider booking a trip here.We saw reviews that people were complaining about having to wait forever for a taxi. You will have to wait alittle longer because this hotel is slightly off the beaten track, but we never in the 4 days we were there waited more than 10 minutes.You may want to call or go downstairs to let the front desk know ahead of time that you need a taxi only if you are insistant that a taxi is there for you right away when you come downstairs.We would definetly stay at Embassy Suites again if there is one available in the area of our next trip location.	
Oct 3 2005	Very Typical Embassy....	I am a Hilton chain kind of traveler, Diamond to be exact, and this property is about what i come to expect for Embassy Suites.... it is overall clean and acceptably maintained, yet nickel and diming at every opportunity, for instance the business center and internet access is over priced. They use the same internet provider as McDonald's which is free wireless at Ronald's with a happy meal purchase (about 100yards up the road) also, Sprint provides free wifi access at the mono rail station for the true junkie.Downside to this adventure is the location for other than conventions. There is no shuttle service and it is a hike to even the monorail about a mile up the road. The tourist maps suggest the strip is a block away, and yep... it's a really LONG block. Cab rides from/to anywhere are 10 bucks minimum with tip, and getting a cab to the hotel at times is quite a challenge.Upside is the price was on the lower end for this time of year, the breakfast bar was well stocked with variety and plentiful fresh food. For me, this being a non gaming property, it was quiet and peaceful after coming in to get more money from the lock box.If I were asked, would I stay here again (even when the last night/morning there was NO! hot water), I would never say never. For conventions it is a decent location, but for pleasure, I would pick another property.	
Sep 17 2005	Good week at E.S.	We chose to stay at E.S. since we were going to be in Vegas for a week and prefer a little more room. The rooms were clean, decorated nicely, had comfortable beds and fluffy towels. The cooked to order breakfast is a nice plus. Area was kept very clean, there were enough tables, food was attractive and well prepared. I would have liked a little more variety day to day, but there were really plenty of choices. This hotel has high-speed internet access in the rooms and we were given the option of purchasing access for the week at a reduced rate. Nice! The business center was having some technical difficulties, but the staff at the desk was glad to help, and in fact faxed some things for me. Gloria was especially helpful. There was a problem with the door to our room. The desk clerk seemed to think it was operator error, but maintainence was called and a very nice man was able to fix the problem (batteries in the reader). We had a room facing the front which had very nice views of the Strip and mountains. For business, this is a very good choice.	
Aug 25 2005	Great off Strip Hotel	Stayed here for 4 nights.Room was much larger than the average Embassy Suites on the 7th floor with great views of the valley.Breakfast was well organised and not too crowded.Check-in was swift and staff were professional and accomodating.The only negative aspect about this hotel is the small indoor swimming pool but you don't ususlly go to Vegas to spend time in the pool!Given the opportunity I will most likely stay here again.	
Jul 14 2005	Better than the Rio	We have stayed at the Rio maybe six times in the last ten years. However we just spent one night at the Embassy Suites at the Las Vegas Convention Center and they have my business from now on. The price was lower ($139 versus over $200 for a Saturday night). They let us book for only one night instead of an obligatory two on the weekend. We were passing through Vegas on our way from Colorado back home to southern California.We love Embassy Suites anyway because we have two kids (14 and 9) and really enjoy the separate rooms and TV's, the breakfast and happy hour. We actually ended up at the wrong Embassy Suites because there are two within a mile of each other. The atrium is very pretty and our room on the 10th floor had a great view of the city. The problem, for some, is that there is no casino on site, no shows or Voodoo lounge. But you don't have to walk through 20 minutes of lobby to get to your car and the check in took 2 minutes rather than 30 minutes of waiting in line. The Rio Suites are not real suites but just a bigger room. I do like their sandy bottom pool versus the indoor pool of the Embassy Suites.	
Jun 12 2005 	I will never stay on the strip again!!	The Embassy Suites was wonderful. Great breakfast buffet with cooked to order eggs, great pool and jacuzzi, and the happy hour was a nice touch. The room was great. We were on the 10th floor, overlooking the airport to the south. (Lots of private jets coming and going!!) The bed was comfortable. The suite was roomy. We had no problem with the room being made up early, as was stated by another reviewer. My only complaint was that the internet is wired and cost $10.00 per day. Wireless is only available on the first floor. Just a note, it is NOT close enough to easily walk to the strip. We had a car and the parking lot was fine and well lit. It was a very short drive to the strip. I will definitely stay there every time I go to Vegas.	
May 19 2005 	Not bad for the money	Stayed ther on busines for one night in April. Basically an average Embassy hotel. Comes with the standard suite room and complimentary breakfast which was fine. I'm Diamond VIP at Hilton so I don't know if I got an upgraded room or not. The room condition was fine. The downside for those who aren't familiar with Vegas is the area. The hotel is in a seedy part of Paradise Road. Need to excercise caution when walking around the area. Its also not on the regular cab routes so I waited about 15 minutes for a cab in the morning and ended up grabbing one that had just dropped off a faire.	
May 16 2005	Great place but too much trouble to get to the Strip	We just returned from a 2-night stay here. It was a nice hotel, good-sized rooms, and yes, a GREAT breakfast, complete with a friendly singing chef. However, if your intention is to come here and &quot;run over&quot; to the Strip, think again. We had tickets to a show at 8 and spent an hour trying to get a taxi from this hotel! The front desk was very unresponsive, shrugging and saying that this is how it &quot;always is&quot;, particularly on a Friday or Saturday night. They said they'd call a taxi, but none came. The only ones we did see were dropping off people coming in from the airport. A group of us ended up in front of the hotel, competing for the rare cab that did show up. It was awkward having people vie for a taxi! (We were here first/we have tickets/my aunt is waiting for us, blah, blah, blah) We ended up walking to the monorail, but it is not what you want to do when you are all dressed up and don't want to arrive all sweaty. The scene was repeated again on Saturday night. We finally went next door to the Best Western and THEIR staff got us a taxi. Next time, we will spend the extra money and stay on the Strip. The monorail is too far to walk at night, particularly in heels and if you are a woman, but is a good option if you don't mind walking a bit. This hotel needs to partner with their hotel neighbors and get a shuttle. We almost missed our plane today trying to get a taxi. It didn't work for us at all, which is a shame because everything else about the hotel was perfect.	
May 11 2005	Nice conveniently located	We were there on business at the Sands Convention Center which was only a few blocks away. The cook-to-order breakfast was good and plentiful. The best part was the honesty and helpfulness of the staff when I left 2 bags of jewelry worth several hundred dollare and several items of clothing. They found everything and sent it off the next day! I was so thankful for their efficiency and integrity. You can be sure that we will stay there on our next trip!	
Apr 26 2005 	Always consistent	Regarding the previous posting by the person who was upset because the hotel did not have the beds made until 4 or 5pm.... quit being so nit-picky! These are not your motel 6 sized rooms here.... they take a lot of extra time in each room so, yes, it DOES take extra time to do each floor.... they are doing the empty rooms ( vacated ) first so that these can be turned around for arrivals. Standard procedure in any hotel. Give them a 2 rating just for that? Sheesh. I have absolutely no reservations about recommending this hotel to anyone. It is a first rate place, and I come back to it even if the stay is not work related. I send out 30 employees to this hotel for 11 days each April for the last 4 years and have never, never, never had a single problem with this hotel. Guest services has always been curteous and kind, the breakfasts are excellent, the evenings' free drink get together is always pleasant. AND, since there are not any slots in the building, there is NOT the constant ding-ding-ding of slot machines! Only complaint is that getting a taxi sometimes is a pain since they are off the strip. Plan ahead by about 30 minutes since it takes that long to get a taxi to the hotel, especially on a Friday or Saturday evening....in which case you can usually expect a 45 minute wait. The new monorail has an access point a 5 minute walk away in front of the convention center, so for $3, it's a lot easier to get to the strip than taxi. $3 back as well, or you can buy a day or weekend pass.	
Apr 24 2005	Great rooms Bad Service	Stayed at the Embassy Suites for a long weekend. We liked the hotel but found the services to be disappointing at best. Rooms were left unmade until 4 or 5 pm when we'd left the room before 9:00am. Was told by Guest Services that they were fully booked and would get to us after they finished the rooms that were empty....Huh??????Unfortunate as the bedding was very nice. Wouldn't stay here again......	
Mar 19 2005	Great Stay	Last November we spent four nights at this hotel. I loved it, great room, free full breakfast and easy parking.	
Mar 17 2005	Convenient and Family Friendly	We just returned from our trip to Hawaii via Las Vegas. On the way out we stayed at the Embassy Suites Convention Center - it was perfect. With four children, we quite often stay at Embassy Suites, and although this was one of the smaller suites we have stayed in, it had the usual exceptional amenities. It was clean, quiet, and away from the strip - a bonus in our opinion. The breakfast is always a treat, and in this case the food was fresh with quite a variety of choices. Staff was helpful and friendly. A very good value for families.	
Jan 3 2005	one night at Embassy Suites	We stayed one night at the Embassy Suites Convention Centre on Dec. 30. The internet rate was only $76.00 including breakfast. The value for that date was outstanding, considering that the strip hotels had already boosted their rates for new year's. The suite was spacious and clean, and even had a small balcony with a view of the monorail and the strip. Breakfast was almost as good as the buffet we had the day previous at Treasure Island.	
Dec 26 2004	Great for those with children and savings on breakfast	What an excellent choice we made. We stayed at both of these great hotels. The one closer to the airport was a lot nicer and newer. Our room was very good and the breakfast saved us from having to take our three grandchildren out every morning. The breakfast buffet was beyond our belief. What a great assortment and if they didn't have it made, they graciously cooked whatever we wanted to our specifications. Didn't have to take the little ones through all the crowded mobs in the bigger gambling casinos. The one closer to the airport is within a block of the Hard Rock and another casino so we could just walk there. Would take us to the strip and pick us up. Didn't even need a car. Beds very comfortable and room for more people on the queen couch-comfortable also. Great vacation. Thanks to the Embassy Suites staff.	
Dec 10 2004	Nice choice off strip	Just returned from four nights at the Embassy Suites, Convention Center. Room was quiet, clean, comfortable and spacious. Our room had a small balcony so I was able to get some fresh air. I always find that hotel rooms can be rather stale so I like to be able to open a window or slider. If you like fresh air ask for a balcony room as the others had windows that didn't open. Breakfast was fine; typical of this type of hotel. The free managers' cocktail hour was nice. Staff was helpful with directions and maps. This hotel is a little too far to walk to the Strip. We had a car and drove to one of the big casino hotels, parked our car and walked portions of the Strip. Unfortunately the monorail, which is just down the street, was not operational yet. This was our first stay at an Embassy Suites and we would definately consider staying at another one.	
Nov 10 2004 	Nice non gaming respite!	We enjoyed the restful nature of this non gaming hotel. It was only a couple of blocks from the strip but after a day of running arround is was a pleasure to return each afternoon to the quiet mesmorizing fountain atruim and our very clean, quiet, non smoking room. It was our first visit to Las Vegas so we had much to see and do. My husband attended a conference at the Riveria, which he was able to walked to each morning. My 4 year old loved our view of the strip as the lights came up each evening! The cooked to order breakfast was more that adequate each morning, it featured quick and healthy choices for all. My only complaint, I had to request more towels each day, there were 4 of us in the suite for 3 nights and only 3 sets of towels, and Sunday, our room was not cleaned until we had already returned from the day's activities, about 4 pm. The pool was small but not crowded and great for burning off extra &quot;kid&quot; energy from the long drive.	
Nov 3 2004	Not bad...but not the Ritz either.	Overall, this was a decent hotel. The lobby is nicely done with an open atrium style. The cooked-to-order breakfast was ok (not dog food, but not gourmet either). We requested a room with a view of &quot;the strip&quot; and we got that. We also requested a non-smoking room...but it smelled quite a bit of cigarette smoke. But the room was nicely furnished and decorated. The bathroom was essentially spotless. While a rare incident, I must tell you that the fire alarm went off at 3AM (the hotel was crawling with kids competing in some baseball tournament. We suspect one or more of them are responsible for the alarm going off). Being an atrium style hotel, &quot;group psychology&quot; set in (meaning that people walked out into the walkways on each floor and watched everyone on all the other floors standing around. No staff bothered to tell people to get out, stay put, or anything for that matter. They wouldn't even answer the front desk phone (where they were standing...we had a clear view of them from our room). People waited over 15-20 minutes before an announcement was made that it was a false alarm. Had it been a real fire, the results could have been tragic! (But it was equally foolish for people to stand around their rooms when the fire alarm was going off also). Again, a rare incident (I would imagine), but not one that brings about a &quot;warm, fuzzy feeling&quot; on the part of how staff are viewed.	
Aug 5 2004	Excellent value	This was the first time we have stayed in Embassy Suites accommodation but it won't be the last. The rooms were spacious and clean. General facilities were very good though the pool is a little on the small side. Complimentary breakfast is excellent. Staff very courteous and helpful. Location may not suit all - its off-strip but only about a 5 min walk to the monorail if you chose not to use the complimentary shuttle. If you want to keep away from the hustle &amp; bustle of the Strip, consider this place.	
Jul 18 2004	Would stay there again!	We stayed at the Embassy Suites Convention Ctr July 1 &amp; 2nd. This hotel is part of the Hilton chain and it shows. The suites are beautifully decorated and impeccable. The whole hotel smells clean. There is no casino in the hotel so it is relaxing and quiet. The staff was very helpfull.The generous all you can eat breakfast (included) is delicious! The only negative part would be the pool. It is a small indoor pool with nothing special compared to other pools we've seen in other Las Vegas hotels..I would definetly recommend this hotel at the $87/night rate that we got.	
Jul 18 2004	Not as quiet as anticipated	I thought the Embassy Suites would cater more to business travelers but the weekends were packed with family reunions and the weekdays were still busy with family travelers. The rooms all face the inside lobby and people often shout from floor to floor. The morning &quot;Cook to order&quot; breakfast was very good and had a large variety of foods. The staff was nice and helpful and the rooms were generally clean. There is a nightly manager's reception in the 3rd floor bar area which also overlooks the lobby and adds to the noise level after a busy day. The indoor pool is located on the 1st floor so the smell of chlorine is powerful at times and you can hear the kids screaming from the pool area. (My room was located on the 4th floor so may be quiter if you get a higher floor???)	
Jul 6 2004	An excellent choice	We held our family reunion (13 rooms) at this hotel the weekend of June 25-27. they gave us what we considered a very fair rate, considering that it was a weekend. We were very pleased, as the suites were clean and pleasant; the complimentary breakfast was excellent; and the staff was very accommodating. The lobby is beautiful and was a great place for various members of our family to gather and visit informally. My husband and I also had lunch at the on site restaurant two afternoons, and thought it was good. This hotel is away from the noise and crowds of the Strip, yet close enough to go there easily. The only negative is that the pool is indoors, and is small. However there is an outdoor spa.It is hard to please all members of such a diverse group as our, but that is exactly what happened. Everyone agreed that this was a good choice, and a key component in the success of our reunion. I definitely would recommend this hotel to any individual, family or group.	
Jul 3 2004	An excellent choice		
Jul 1 2004 	A Nice Surprise		
Jun 4 2004	Nice Place Consider Staying Here for a Convention		
May 9 2004	Bluefish Reunion		
Apr 30 2004	One of best stays in Vegas!		
Apr 19 2004	Happy with this choice		
Apr 2 2004	Close to the convention center		
Jan 5 2004	Read all the fine prints		
Aug 6 2003	very enjoyable hotel.		
Jul 20 2003	Very good choice		
Sep 23 2007 	super Alternative zu den Strip-Hotels		
