Nov 17 2005	Icky	We got married and stayed here as part of our wedding package. We loved the cermony and thought the staff was great, but I would definately not recommend staying in this hotel. Aside from being in an icky part of town, our room was really disappointing. Hard tile on the floors, an uncomfortable bed, and it just felt dirty. Not really the experience you want on your wedding day/honeymoon. I highly recommend the chapel, but suggest you find someplace else to stay.	
Jun 8 2005	Dirty cheesy what a ripoff	Too bad I can't give a rating of zero. We were lured in by their website claiming that this is a gay hotel. Lasvegasgayhotel. The only thing gay about it is some of the employees. Otherwise, it is just a seedy motel in a bad part of town where they have fixed up some of the rooms and made the others barely inhabitable. We got a standard, non-theme room which wasn't cheap. When we arrived, we couldn't believe it was situated in a very bad part of town with hookers and XXX motels everywhere. The exterior has been painted to look like a castle, but it is still a tacky motel. The room was awful: mildew in the tiny dirty bathroom, very old dingy carpet, a saggy bed, furniture that was falling apart, etc. Instead of describing everything, I have put up some pictures at -----------. We only stayed one night, then went on to have a great time at Treasure Island for a few dollars more.	
Mar 11 2005	Fun Place to Stay	We have stayed at the Viva Las Vegas Villas twice, once in the HooneyMoon suite and then in the Elvis suite. The rooms were very clean and the HooneyMoon suite was very tastefully decorated. The Elvis suite was a lot of fun. The pink cadillac bed and the murals were great! You could really let your imagiantion run wild. The staff was very nice and when a booking error occured resolved it for us in a professional manner. The neighborhood is older, but we never felt uncomfortable walking to the convenience store or the costume shop. If you want to stay in a theme room, this is the place for you!!!!!!	
Apr 23 2004	Terrible service - the worst stay in a hotel ever!	I got married and stayed in the most expensive room available for $225/night. The staff in the front office was very rude. The photographer was rude. The reverend would not listen to us and did not honor any of our requests. They offer a free limo ride to your chapel if you stay in the hotel, but you get nothing if you stay in their hotel and get married in their chapel. They wouldn’t even give us a ride downtown to get our marriage license. Other chapels will give you a ride downtown to get your marriage license. We didn’t get any limo ride, nor did we get compensated for not having a limo ride. Also, they won’t let you buy your negatives because they want you to pay them for any copies. I even offered $500 for my negatives because I didn’t want them to be used on their website or in their advertising, but they wouldn’t sell them to me. Other chapels will let you buy your negatives for $350.The mini-bar in the room was bare. The only vending machine anywhere around was out of order. This hotel is in the old part of Vegas, which is in a bad part of town (hookers on the streets outside). When I got into the jacuzzi tub and turned on the jets apparently a fuse blew causing the jacuzzi jets, a nearby light, and the TV to no longer work. Since this happened at 1:00 in the morning, I couldn't call the front desk about it to get it fixed until the office opened later. When I told them about it, the lady at the desk brushed me off and still had the nerve to charge me the entire $225 for the room! I never did get to use the jacuzzi even though that was the main reason I selected that room.The only nice thing I can say about this place is that Hope at the front desk was “somewhat” friendly, and the room was very big, clean and nicely decorated. Everybody else in the office was VERY rude.I strongly recommend that you find somewhere else to get married and/or stay in a hotel room.	
Sep 1 2003	Nice room poor location	The staff were very helpful (especially when I needed help with my wedding dress) The location is really bad...to the right is a &quot;hooker&quot; hotel. My husband &amp; I got a good laugh watching the girls take their clients back to their rooms. Thought it was in a very shady part of town.....glad there was an extra lock on our door. The place gets desserted at night.	
