	off the beaten path	terrible's is a nice hotel and casino if you only to sleep at after a night on the town. have stayed at many others on the strip and on busy days traffic is unbearable. so terrible's is a short drive to the strip or walk if your athletic. the rooms are not luxurious but when i go to vegas its not to be locked up in my room, as long as i have somewhere to crash thats not sleazy and smelly terrible's makes the cut.	
Nov 15 2009 	Should be called Horribles	I guess when I pulled in the parking lot only to find a security staff member asleep in his truck I should have known. The lobby clientele resembled a homeless shelter. After a 25 min wait at check in I was given the wrong directions to the elevator. The room was OK but the wet stain on the carpet grossed me out so I asked for another room. The second non smoking room smelled of smoke but I didn't want to change again. Television was inoperable several times and I had to call. Bed was clean but not comfortable. Decided to try the breakfast buffet one morning and wished I hadn't. Runny eggs &amp; other gross entrees made not so hungry all of a sudden. Never again! Bottom line: You can do much better for the price. This place is owned &amp; operated by the same folks that brought you Terrible's gas stations - nuff said.	
Nov 10 2009 	A small paradise on Paradise Road...	We love it. We are staying here for the 2nd time now and we enjoy every minute of it. The food is great. It is a matter of taste, but I do not like american food, it is so unhealty and fat (we are from Europe and are not used to eat so many hamburgers, fries, ...). But here (Bouganvilla Caffe) i do like it. And prices are great. We had to move to another hotel for few days inbetween, because everything was full here, and I was so sad. Now we are back. Juhu.They have so many extras for such small price, like coffee in the room, free WIFI (this alone costs us 20 USD per day extra in other hotels). Now we are paying 27 USD (with tax) for a standard room, which is fine, big enough and clean. In our first room the windows were broken, so we couldn t open them,this was not so good, but now everything is ok. I don t have any complaint (usually I do )Service is great, they are all very friendly and helpful. The pool area is so nice, I just went out few minutes ago, the jaccuzzi is nice and very warm,if not hot. And it is so peaceful. Just birds and music - not loud. If you don t like crowds and big hotels, this place is great, great, great.They have lots of benefits and after we finish our Grand canyon trip, we will be back, for sure.	
Oct 8 2009 	A great location and and even better price	Terrible's has a great location (just north of the airport, adjacent to University of Nevada at Las Vegas, and close to &quot;The Strip&quot;). The rooms are fairly large and the beds were comfortable. My room was in the older three-story section of the hotel, which was showing its age a little (drain in bathroom sink would not stay closed, wallpaper starting to come up at the corner, etc.), but I have no major complaints. Parking was convenient (in a lot right at the hallway to my room) and free. The hotel surrounds a courtyard where the swimming pool is located. Since my stay was in October, no one was using the pool, so this was a good place to relax away from others. I did not use the restaurant. My brother and I stayed in one room both Saturday and Sundays nights for less than $100.	
Sep 12 2009 	Great little hotel for a low price.	We stayed here on Saturday night of Labor Day weekend. We paid $79 through Priceline. This was our second time staying here. This is a nice place to stay when you want quality for a low price. The pool is nice and the room was clean. The property is not that big so it is easy to find your way around. The staff was very nice. I would definitely stay here again when all the other hotels are too expensive.	
Sep 5 2009	Car Damaged in Garage: Management Indifferent	I wanted to like this place, and did until my car was damaged in their parking structure, and they responded indifferently to this incident. Parked in the parking garage 8.19.09, 12 hours later, there’s this whitish liquid on the back and side of my car. It wouldn’t come off. Either vandalism or something dripped from a crack in the ceiling above my car. Security took a report, said I’d be contacted within 72 hours. I wasn’t. Called back, got a lot of, “that’s not my department.” Left NUMEROUS phone messages with various staff. One guy tells me security footage is retained for one year, another guy doubts this. Great, nobody knows their job. Just my kind of place. Two weeks later a manager calls. Says that their investigation found nothing unusual on the tape, and that the casino is not liable. I asked if I could review the tape. He said I’d have to talk to his boss. His boss tells me that my car wasn’t even observed on any of their security cameras during this period. So which is it? First guy tells me it was observed, no damage, second guy tells me it wasn’t even observed. Fishy. I ask if a camera is normally positioned on the area where my car was parked, as it is in a prominent, highly visible area. He replies, direct quote, “that’s none of your business.” I ask a few more times, he grows impatient, and hangs up on me. If you asked this guy if air exists, he’d hang up on you, that’s how helpful he was. So here I am, one manager said my car was seen on tape, and nothing unusual was observed, his boss tells me my car wasn’t even observed, and that the issue is none of my business. Who do I believe? Given the inconsistencies, I can only conclude that they just aren’t honest. Is this their idea of good customer service? So I’m left with damage to my car and a $250 deductible. I’ve sent this EXACT review, verbatim, along with pictures, and a detailed accounting, asking for a response. A reasonable, consistent, professional response. They have not acted in good faith. I just want sort of reasonable clarification. If I get it, I’ll update this review. If not, I’ll think what I think today, which is that the name fits: Terrible’s.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great for what it was	If you are going to Vegas for the five star food, and resort style service then you don't want to stay here.If you are looking for a clean, well maintained hotel/casino for a good price then you have found your place. Our room was HUGE for the price, very clean, quiet, dark and we couldn't have been happier. \The casino seems to be a favorite among the locals, that says good things to me. Join the casino club card thing, there are a lot of benefits to it.The buffet is AWFUL. Do not waste your money or time. We got two breakfast buffets for free..... they were a waste of our time. Uck. Gamble here, sleep here, just don't eat here. Great location, close to the strip and Starbucks, grocery stores and Sam's club.For dinner try the Ghandi's across the street. It's AMAZING Indian food.	
Aug 12 2009 	Can't Beat the off-season price	Had to travel to Vegas in the dead of the summer heat for business. Just needed a decent, no-frills, safe place to rest my head for 2 nights. Have been to Terrible's before to gamble and for the cheap breakfast so when I saw a rate of $42 for 2 nights on hotels.com I booked. Terrible's is right off the strip- a quick and cheap cab ride from the big casinos on the strip. Hard Rock Casino is right across the street. Easy check-in, easy check out. Nice, clean room. Only complaint was when I got off the elevator on my room floor, there was no AC in the hallway! It was 110 degrees outside! It was like walking thru a sauna to get to my room. But the room AC was going full blast. At that rate, I would definitely stay again. And I would also consider this place as a cheaper alternative to the strip hotels during the busy season.	
Jul 27 2009 	Decent hotel at a great place walking distance from the Hard Rock	I went to see Blink-182 at the Hard Rock this past Thursday, and since my girlfriend was flying out of town super early the next morning, I wanted a cheap hotel room in the area. Terrible's was only a block from the Hard Rock, so for $25 I couldn't pass up staying here.I ended up booking three nights due to a hotels.com promotion -- buy 3 nights, get a $55 prepaid MasterCard sent to you a month later. So I saved $5 and got 2 extra nights!The first night I checked in super late, and they didn't have a king bed rooms available, so I got a room with two queens. They moved me to a king bed room the next morning upon my request. Both rooms were in the old tower and have definitely seen better days, but I wasn't really picky at the price I got. I was pleased the rooms all had plasma TV's, but there were only about seven channels to choose from. Again, I'm not too picky, just passing it along. The hotel also offers free WiFi, but keep in mind that it's free and may not work great -- one day it was horrible and the next day it was great.For the price, I'll definitely be booking a stay again if I attend a concert at the Hard Rock and want a place nearby to crash.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great Value and Location	I first stayed in this hotel when my father and I did Route 66 two years ago. Its a great location just off the Strip and away from the mayhem. Its cheap but has a gym and free internet. The rooms are clean and neat and are also big. You REALLY can't complain for $35 per night. The beds were very comfortable and we had a quiet room. The casino is not the best but then you can walk up the road and straight into the Bellagio if that's what you're after.	
Jul 22 2009 	Comps are not there	I did not stay at hotel, I wish to address their comp system. I had a couple thousand points, went to restaurant and used some of them for the steak dinner. I Went back a couple days later and they said I had a negative balance. Went to the Card Center and they said I was minus 440 points, when questioned how this could happen, they said the computer screwed up and that was that.. Their computer goofed up and they blamed me and penalized me, as far as I cam concerned I will never use their card or slot machines again. The casino is noisy and smokey, the sports book is packed and chairs are placed that you can hardly get up to bet anything without disturbing several people.	
Jul 6 2009 	Don't be fooled by the name	Pros: cost, shuttle service to/from the airport, onsite restaurants, comps for gamblingCons: rude shuttle driver when we were picked up at the airport, the food at the buffet was disgusting, no internet access	
Jun 19 2009 	Good as ever	Have just returned from our latest visit to Las Vegas and our seventh stay at Terribles.We would not stay anywhere else after finding Terribles some years ago.The location is no problem if you have a car and the property is so compact with short walks to your room from the carpark or restaurant.The food served in the restaurant is very good and very reasonably priced.The casino is large enough and has a good variety of slots.Most of the staff are fine with of course the usual one or two exceptions that you seem to encounter everywhere you go.We like to visit all the big hotels on the strip but would not stay in one of them again as Terribles suits us just fine.As we live in the UK we always stay for 2 weeks and like to enjoy the slower pace in Terribles than the larger noisier properties elsewhere.	
Jun 19 2009 	THE Hotel for Couples on a budget.	If you like being on the strip, keep in mind you will probably need a car to travel from Terrible's. We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. The room was similar to a Best Western. It was clean, and the bed was comfortable. The casino was great! Excellent play back on the slots and the blackjack tables were great. The staff is friendly, the drinks were free flowing. The downfall is that they need a better vent system. The place can get smokey. We stayed in the older part of the hotel. Would definitely recommend staying in the new tower. Sign up for the Players Card. You will get free slot play and a hat or Tshirt. Will stay there again, but will request a newer room, even if we have to pay more. Overall a good experience, especially for couples on a budget. Did not try the buffet but the cafe had good food and good prices. Also, this has a great Pool. Very cozy. lots of trees and even gardenia plants.	
Jun 15 2009 	Certainly Not Terrible !	Was a bit hesitant when booking this hotel especially with the name to go along with it, was looking for a budget hotel for a 4 night first time stay in Vegas with 3 friends, we booked 2 queen rooms (2 in each room).The hotel shuttle was great, i didnt see many other hotels offering this, we had to wait quite a while for it though upon arrival at the airport, over 30 mins, although we did land late around 11pm on a wednesday night. It was a short 10 min ride from the airport, knowing that we could have easily got a cab and saved the waiting, the shuttle on the way back to the airport was perfect, we ordered it at the front desk and was there right on time. There was huge car park out front too that always had parking spots.On checking in we didnt have to wait long, they said only 1 of our queen rooms was available at the moment so they apologised and put me and my friend in a ground floor &quot;suite&quot; can you say BONUS !!!! it was fantastic, the desk said that our queen room would be ready the day after if we wanted to come back and get the key....not a chance !!! the suite was awesome, with 2 seperate rooms, 2 plasma's, a gambling table, fridge, jet tub, walk in shower, king bed, walk out to a double sized patio from either room, we totally loved the room and made our trip more special, hence to say we avoided the front desk for the rest of our stay so they wouldnt move us ! the queen room that our friends had was ok, no complaints, plasma, good sized bathroom, 2 queen beds, nice view of the pool area.The pool area was nice and was never busy, in fact we only ever saw a handful of people round it, it was nice and big and lined with palm tree's, a very nice setting.the hotel was relatively quiet compared to the strip, you couldnt hear any noise late at night, the casino was great, although not too big but had everything you needed, some good low rate tables too and plenty slots, the bar in the casino was good too, it offered happy hour drinks every day from 4-7 that were $2 draft beers , awesome deal.We ate at the restaurant in the hotel on the first floor every day, the food and value for money was fantastic, the portion sizes were enormous, even at breakfast, for the price it couldnt be beat and the selection on the menu was the largest ive ever seen, a steak and egg breakfast would only cost us $5 and an evening meal you could easily eat for under $10. it was never busy and we got a table right away every time. They even have their own brand of Terrible Ketchup and brown sauce and Terrible wine.It was a good 15 minute walk to the strip which brought you out at Bills/Ballys, we got a cab a few times and was only $5 or so, especially late at night we didnt fancy the walk back, For an off strip hotel the distance wasnt too far i expected further. There is a walgreens or 7/11 i cant remember, right across the road where they sell beer and all the usual things, we would stock up our fridge in our room instead of buying things in the hotel during the day.All in all we never had a single complaint about the hotel, except my friend who saw 1 tiny cockroach upon arrival in our room, we never saw a single one after that. i would definatly reccommend this hotel if you want a low budget hotel thats off strip and a bit quieter (although the casino was always busy)Definately NOT Terrible and will stay again there in a heartbeat !	
Jun 9 2009 	best comps in Vegas	Traveling with my mom and had 4 nights comped at the Flamingo through total rewards -Didn't work, apparently my husbands name was the only one on the account so they wouldn't honor the offer (funny I got all the e-mails in my name). We ended up at Terrible's and loved it...signed up for a players card and after 2 1/2 days of medium playing our rooms were totally comped plus we got free merchandise. Casino is on the smokier and smaller side but I actually saw a lot of winners. There is bingo but no Keno lounge or Pai Gow, hopefully in the future. Buffet is not good but the restaurant isn't bad for breakfast and you have PF Changs across the street and the Hard Rock 2 blocks down. Pool area is not real big but very nice and as they say, lush/tropical. Entertainment was good and the service was great from the front desk to the cocktail waitress. Rooms were clean, perferred the tower because of the roomier bathroom. No bums, yeah! We will definately stay here again.	
May 29 2009 	Worked for me.....	OK folks heres my &quot;recent&quot; review of Terribles.....I got there Sunday the 24 th @ 3 p.m. and there was NOBODY in line for check-in (sweet) check-in was FAST !!! I was off to my &quot;standard&quot; room within minutes, the older room was very clean w/a large flat screen tv, coffee maker ( I do not drink coffee) hair dryer etc. there was however a mystery stain on the carpet I figured out to be wax (no biggie) other than that the room was just fine for me, it was a smoking room and still had no real strong odor, now for the maids, I swear they knew when I left the room! one morning I was gone 1.5 hrs. and came back to get something and it was clean and smelling good!! I never even seen them (?) I remember &quot;other&quot; Vegas hotels having to wait until 4-5 pm to get the room cleaned ( you all can relate) Now the casino, YES it does smell of cigs, but hey, its a small older casino and theres smokers ...its not THAT bad as others lead on to be, the slots were good not great but good, they keep you playing and do pay out, just gotta know when to cash out! duh... I did go to see my aunt @ Ballys and won $1585 !!! on the slots..woohoo. Ok now food, the buffet was Hmmmm OK , room service ( yes room service) was good I got the Turkey Club w/seasoned fries ( VERY GOOD) and the total was $11.06, I do not think that was too bad seeing how I was in a hurry and needed quick food, there were there within 20 minutes!....the parking was good ,SAFE and very quick trip to room etc. I saw they had a shuttle to/from airport but never used it, also, I needed a cab one day and waited and waited out front only to see there were NO cabs around (?) I went to the front desk to ask about a cab and she said she'll call one, no sooner did I get to the front door the cab was there! (nice) so folks, all in all Terribles is a fine place, for the $25 a night I paid ( Hotels.com) it was worth it , No Drunk Fratboys, No kids, No Snobs just regular people like me who want a cheap/clean QUIET place to gamble. Oh, one last thing ( I could kick myself ) I never got a players card, GET ONE, they give you a coupon book w/it that has all kinds of goodies..Oh, just one more thing, the pool is very nice.	
May 29 2009 	Best deal for me	At a fraction of the cost of any hotel on the strip, a few blocks away, this is a great deal. I have stayed here several times, Rooms are big and clean, as good as many main brand rooms on the strip. I save enough on rooms to get a rental car for the whole week and still have hundreds of savings( to gamble). The same size room can cost a couple hundred a night on the strip especially on friday and saturday nights when the rates go way up, and the expensive rooms are no better. The casino and restaurants are modest, with the money I save I just jump in my rental car and eat and gamble at any casino in the city, the savings are enormous. Since all the casinos have free parking you saved enough to see the city and the freedom of not being confined to taxies and waiting for transportation. I love the place mainly because I don't sit in the hotel, I try different casinos, buffets, see different things. Most people do not realize how far it is just to walk to a casino in vegas even when it is side by side, that's where the rental car is invaluable. For me its the best deal.	
May 27 2009 	Value for the buck	I was travelling with a group of co-workers. I could get comp rooms on the Strip for midweek, but not the weekend. I had no problem moving down the road to save a couple of hundred bucks. Others opted to stay at Bally's for $210 a night, I went with Terribles for $64. I have stayed here before and have never been disappointed. I arrived around noon on Friday and asked for a third floor courtyard room with a king bed, which they had ready. I brought one of my fellow travelers along with me. He was curious to see what kind of room you get in a place called Terribles. He was pleasantly surprised; spacious clean, and comfortable. I think he was asking himself why he was paying three times more for a comprable room down the road. The room has a flat screen TV and a coffee maker. The courtyard rooms are quiet. One thing I love about the rooms is that the windows open. Unless it is oppressively hot, I prefer to sleep with fresh air coming in, rather than an AC blowing. You can't find that in too many places on the Strip. The one weak link in the room is the bathroom, it is tiny. But when you are by yourself, that is really not an issue. (The tower rooms have larger bathrooms). I love the casino, it has all my favorite games. I cannot find Spin Poker on the Strip, Terribles must have a dozen of them. The pool is peaceful and relaxing. Go out anytime during the day and there is no problem finding a chaise in either the sun or shade. Cocktail service is abundant. The breakfast buffet is great; fresh waffles and an omlette station among other things. And during my time I earned enough points to pay for one night's accommodation and two meals. With taxes, I paid a tad less than $70 for the weekend. My friend's bill approached the $500 mark. If you don't have a car, you are looking at either a $1.75 bus ride, $10 taxi ride, or 1 mile walk to the Strip. (However, they do have a free airport shuttle.) You also get the ambience of locals casino which means a little less bling and a bit more smoke. But all in all it adds to the experience. I love this place and will continue to come here for great gambling and unprecedented value.	
May 25 2009 	Great Value	This was our 4th time in vegas 1st time off the strip.We stayed on the3rd floor not a tower room which was big and clean.[so no need to upgrade to a tower room]. This hotel is great value for money, for example 2 drinks cost $5 compared to $15 on the strip. The food is reasonable and the pool area is nice and quiet. It takes approx 20 mins to walk to the strip and we sometimes took a taxi to Bally's which cost $8. Would very much recommend this hotel. We much preferred this hotel to the strip hotels.	
May 6 2009 	Its OK!	An ok hotel with an ok buffet that was really cheap. They have free shuttle to and from the Airport that we used and it worked out really well.	
Apr 29 2009 	The name is fitting	Stay away - stay far away. Although we didn't actually stay at this property we did spend a couple of hours in the casino before our plane was due to leave. We arrived in the afternoon on April 24th with our friends and parked the car in the parking lot outside the casino. We returned to the car and proceeded to the airport. Upon arrival at the airport we unloaded the luggage from the car only to discover the car had been broken into and our bag containing our laptop, travelers cheques &amp; passports was gone. Our friend lost their cameras. A security guard outside the airport happened to over hear the conversation and stated that was a really bad area. As we did not have time to return to the property to make a complaint I called from home the next day. The person I spoke to in the security department was totally useless and finally in frustration I hung up the phone. I have contacted the hotel/casino by e-mail but have not heard anything back from them yet.	
Apr 14 2009 	very nice cheap hotel	We stayed 5 nights for $24 a night. We thought that no one else was staying there because we never saw or heard anyone. The rooms were very clean and big with a huge flat screen TV. The casino and buffet was good. No resort fees! Good basic lodging about as cheap as Vegas offers.	
Apr 13 2009 	Can't be beat!	This was my third trip to Terrible's and, as before, was great. For $158 total (received a coupon in the mail), I had a Tower room overlooking the garden/pool area. The room was large with a good size bathroom, table and 2 chairs, and a flat-screen TV (what so you watch besides the morning news/weather). There was never a problem getting a chaise around the pool, could bring a nice cold beer out from their small store and just relax in the sun. Very convenient!The lobby staff, the dealers and the pit bosses were friendly and fun to deal with. Just about everything I asked for was granted with a smile. The casino is small enough that the dealers and pit staff get to know you... makes for a friendly stay.The Cafe has a wonderful steak dinner for $9.99... including a salad, potato, a steak cooked just the way I requested and a nice cold beer... was delicious!The buffet for breakfast is great. The dinner buffet was fair... some nights were better than others. But again, you can't beat the price.Not everyone visits Vegas with a lot $$$$. If you are traveling on a budget, why spend it on a hotel that one night would cost what 5 nights here cost me. I played $5 Blackjack every day in Terrible's (usually more than once a day)... lost about $100 over the 5 day period... that almost made me feel like a 'winner'.I am already looking forward to my next stay at Terrible's next Spring.	
Apr 11 2009 	Great Value for the $$$	This is a good hotel for the price. The room was clean, the staff was helpful, and the free airport shuttle was efficient and convenient. It's located accross the street from PF Changs and Morton's Steakhouse. Hard Rock is only about a 5 minute walk. The customers are middle aged and beyond so if you're younger and hip you can always take advantage of the great price at Terribles and then walk to Hard Rock. The room was quiet except for the moderate airplane noise between 6:00 AM - 11:00PM. The bed was a little soft. Overall, I'd say it's an excellent value for the dollar and I will definately stay at Terribles again.	
Mar 27 2009 	We love Terrible's and will be going back!!!!!!	The hotel rooms were spacious and well appointed. Had a beautiful evening view from the large window in our room. The wait staff in all restaurants and the cocktail waitresses in the casino were prompt and courteous. Had a great time playing the slot machines and the slot club can't be be beat. This was our fourth trip to Las Vegas and the second time that we stayed at Terrible's. We will definitely be going back to Las Vegas and will be booking our room at Terrible's Hotel!	
Mar 15 2009 	The stench of smoke and booze	A nightmare check in, over 45 minute wait, while the chain smoking boozing casino players stare and wander close to you and your suitcase.The cheap rate lures you in. The room was fairly clean, but the noise from other guests and the parking lot lasted past midnight. Stay at your own risk.	
Mar 4 2009 	Horrible service from reception (Jacque? Jackie?) woman. Never again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I have stayed several time with no problem, but I encounter this absolutly rude receptionist I think here name was Jacque, grey hair short, full figuered. She was SO SO rude and slow!!! I wil NEVER come back to this hotel while she is there. It is truly a shame since the rooms are very nice and at a location I like.	
Feb 26 2009 	loved everything about it.	cheap chearful friendly, good food.traveld from liverpool England, we love terribles go back every year, better than the strip. you can find your way round within aday. unlike the big hotels.the big hotels are lovely but you get lost in your own hotel. terribles is verry good.	
Feb 25 2009 	Great value	We are never in our room when we go to visit. This hotel is not the Wynn but it is clean, great value and service. Plus I won $$$-- YEAH !!!	
Feb 24 2009 	The worst experience ever!!	As the name suggests, it is really terrible. First of all, the reception personnel were the rudest I have ever encountered in my life. Waited in line for 30 minutes and then to be met by a rude old lady who was very unprofessional, inefficient and very slow. Been a traveler for 45 yrs., never had been received with such kind. Secondly, the rooms had old, yakky sheets and blankets. Had one bar of soap in the sink for 3 people. Thirdly, the hallways full of undesirables, pimps and the like. Had dhildren and youngsters with us. We had to transter and moved to another hotel the next day, although we were booked for 2 nights. Finally, we are now following up a refund thru Expedia. I have been told that the mgrs/customer service they have spoken to over the phone have been really rude to Ex;pedia agents too. And so, they are unable to reach any compromise. Knowing what Terrible hotel is all about, am sure, our request will fall on deaf ears, In summary, I just hope that other travelers will not make this same big mistake. Pls note, 3 other hotels had the same price quotes for those dates. Thanks!! P.S. And as for more description you wanted at the bottom of this, none of the above. SORRY!!	
Feb 24 2009 	Small Hotel! Great Value!	The rooms are very clean and well kept! We stayed in the new Tower rooms. Although we didn't use the pool our window overlooked it and it looked very tropical and inviting. The food in this hotel/casino was very reasonable and good. The breakfast buffet is cheap and offered what we wanted. They had an omlet bar/waffles made to order (they were easy to miss as this was our first time there). We did walk the first day to the strip but it was a long walk. We did take the monorail once we got to the strip for $13 all day but it didn't go towards our hotel or didn't stop as many places as the bus. The next day we went to the strip you can take the bus for $7 or $7.50 for an all day pass. We took it to the strip and then to the downtown. We had to walk about a block to catch the bus to go to the strip but coming home it dropped us off at the hotel. The only problem with the bus is we had to stand for a few stops before a seat opened up to sit. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a quiet place to stay. The casino is very smokey though.	
Feb 9 2009 	great hotel	we loved this hotel it was cheap, clean, and freindly we will definately book here again	
Feb 7 2009 	Cheap clean rooms but smokey lobby/casino.	You can save money by calling the front desk directly to reserve a room. My brother lives in Vegas. This is where the locals come to play and stay. The casino and lobby are VERY SMOKEY. The hallways leading to the older (non tower) rooms are also very smokey. Thankfully the rooms themselves aren't smelly. If you hate smoke then stay in the tower rooms. With the exception of checking in/out, you can by-pass the casino to get to your room. I have stayed in the older rooms since they are so inexpensive. The rooms are clean albeit older. The pictures shown by the property are of the newer, tower rooms. The older rooms look similar to the tower rooms but are not as up-to-date. The tub looks older. The Bouganvillea Cafe is extremely smokey as is the buffet area. You have to walk through the casino to get to the Cafe or buffet area. You can literally see the smoke cloud in the casino and in the Cafe. I have bad allergies and can't handle it. I just skip them. My sister smokes 2 packs a day. She even concedes that it's incredibly smokey. That said, the food is super cheap, but not very good. It is open 24 hours though.We typically walk up to the strip. Don't let looks deceive you. Although you can see the Flamingo, it takes about 30 minutes to walk up there. You will arrive by the Flamingo, Ballys, Caesars and the Bellagio. We usually cab back. You can walk across the street to the Hard Rock Cafe and take the free shuttle to the MGM grand. The shuttle runs every 30 minutes or so.Terrible's also has a free shuttle to and from the airport. If you cab from the airport to Terrible's, it is less than a 5 minute ride. Do not let the cabbie take you on the Freeway down to the strip. You should by-pass the strip completely. Oh, and the cab fares are based on TIME not distance!If you are looking for cheap food/drink on the strip, there is a CVS, McDonalds, Chipotle across from the Mirage and a Walgreens up by the M-n-M factory across from New York New York. Within walking distance of Terrible's you will find Bahama Breeze, PF Changs and Cozymel's restaurants. All are tasty but can be a bit pricey. If you're looking to stay cheap and can manage to get through the smokey atmosphere and up to your room, then Terrible's is worth the price. My family and I have stayed there 6 times now. Although I hate the smoke, the price makes up for it.	
Jan 27 2009 	Excellent Las Vegas Hotel	Excellent! We've stayed at Treasure Island, Luxor, Bally's, Stardust, Excalibur and Palace Station and as far as cleanliness, friendliness, convenience of mobililty, price and food is concerned, Terribles is best by a long shot! Our room was beautifully appointed, clean and spacious. The internet was free and the bathroom was huge. We overlooked the beautiful pool and even at halfway down the hallway, the elevator was close. Then it was a simple turn around a corner to the elevator to the hotel's garage to get our car. No valet hassles or long lines or half mile walks to get the car or to go anywhere. The hotel staff was overly professional at getting us tickets to venues elsewhere and making sure that we enjoyed our Vegas adventure. Even tho the casino area is small compared to the strip hotels, the slots were loose and the atmosphere was happy. Did I mention that with a simple phone call ahead of time that they picked us up at the airport in a stretch limo? And that they told us that they'd be happy to take us back whenever we needed to go?And how about a 16oz. New York Strip for $9.99 with a monster sized potatoe and steamed veggies? And the beer was free. But I recommend the marguarita, which was to die for!And unlike the strip hotels, our cellphones worked perfectly in Terribles. I know this for a fact as we toured Imperial Palace, Treasure Island and the Mirage and we couldn't use them to keep in touch.We're happy to say that we have found our &quot;home base&quot; now whenever we go to Las Vegas. Who needs the intimidation of navigating the monster hotels when you can return to a warm and welcoming one like Terribles.	
Jan 25 2009	best little casino in town	we really enjoyed staying at terribles been to vegas 12 times and always stayed on the strip, it was sure nice to stay some where a little quiter. the food was excellent, the rooms were clean and very nice, i dont have one bad thing to say i will be staying there again.	
Jan 18 2009 	Good Value Decent location	Terrible's was better than expected. They have Motel 6 prices but the rooms are very clean and well maintained. The non-smoking room I had did not smell like smoke which was a nice surprice since the casino and hallways do smell like a smokers convention is in town. The room was a good size and it didn't feel dated or run down. I like that you can park close to your room so that you can get to and from your car quickly... something that you don't get when you stay at the big strip hotels. The location of the hotel is not bad. Its right across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel/Casino and a big block away from the Tuscany Hotel/Casino. It is walkable to the strip but its close to a mile. Also walkable is a drug store and lots of restaurants. Its very easy to get to and from this hotel without the hassles of the strip. I didn't use the pool but it looked OK with decent landscaping around it. So what didn't I like? The casino is small and smoky and there were a few unpleasant folks around including a intoxicated guy who was barking at me about something while I was in the mini mart of the hotel. To the hotels credit, they called security on the guy right away. Even though the casino is very small, they did have live entertainment but unfortunately on this particular night it was pretty awful. It was one guy with a electric guitar and he basically lip synced to music and even faked playing the guitar. Overall though, this hotel is a great deal and we should support places like this as Las Vegas continues to build expensive hotels that are out of many peoples budget.	
Jan 10 2009 	Extremely Pleased with My Pick Terrible's in Las Vegas	The Consumer Electronic Show is this weekend in Las Vegas. The stuff that will be coming to our electronic shelves is great, but that is not what this review is for.When I've attended the convention before, I usually stay at Sam's Town Casino and Hotel, but have seen the Terrible's Hotel as I have headed to the strip.I wanted to be a little bit closer to the action, since my wife wanted to tour Vegas, while I attended the convention. After checking several websites, I found Terrible's at about the same price as Sam's Town.After checking tripadvisor.com, as usual, I decided to book with Terrible's with a total two night total cost of $125. Strip hotels were more than $200+ per night.Check-In: Was horrible because there was only one clerk at the desk helping customers, the other person kept pretending that we were not standing there and was busying herself with some task. Fortunately, another clerk came after 15 minutes and jumped right into the fray and processed everyone quickly. So the experience did improve.Getting to the room: Terrible's has a small casino in front of the check-in desk. Because of that the area around the check-in desk is extremely heavy with smoke. If you have allergies and can't handle smoke for a few minutes then this is not the place for you. I just breathed through my mouth until I headed to the room.Room: I was pleasantly surprised because the room was in the tower portion (newer I think), was very large, had a nice interior, large lcd tv' and was quite modern. The bed was huge! Most of all, my wife who arrived on a later flight, thought it was great for the price.Bathroom: Was simple, but very nice. The hot water comes out of the faucet within about 5 seconds. Towels and toiletries were more than sufficient.Location: It is located on the Corner of Paradise and Flamingo, coordinates are N36 06 49, W115 09 11 according to GoogleEarth. It is only 1 mile from the strip, so you can walk the distance if you would like to. However, there's a city bus that will carry you to the strip. It is about 1 mile from the convention center as well. This is a business area with other hotels nearby as well as some office businesses. It was totally comfortable in that area.Things nearby: There is a Bahama Breeze on the other side of the intersection. There is a PF Chang's right across the street. Cozymel Mexican restaurant is no more than a 1/4 block away.The name Terrible's had always put me off in the past from staying here. However, I will tell you that for the price, the place is very good, especially if you get a tower room. Check-out: Went much better than check-in. It was quick and smooth this morning. Because of the early time there was not much smoke. Vegas can get expensive on the weekends, but this place was very good for the money.Two photographs were taken of the room. Please see them attached.	
Jan 8 2009 	Wall to Wall Smoke	Our flight out of Vegas was canceled on a Friday night. Not wanting to sleep at McCarran, we decided to take the airline's recommendation and stay at Terrible's. On the positive side, the rooms and food are cheap. However, the hotel is equivalent to an old tired Super 8. The rooms are tiny and the furnishings and fixtures are crying to be replaced. There's free entertainment in the casino but be sure to bring a respirator because the thick smoke would cause wheezing in a 2 pay a day addict. All in all, an okay place if you're in a pinch but stay somewhere else if you have a choice.	
Dec 16 2008	Go stay on the Strip and leave this place for those in the know	stayed here several times. Great value for money. good clean rooms and a lovely pool. I feel sorry for the reviewers who stayed here and felt disappointed as it really isn't a big 'Strip' hotel and it doesnt try to be. The casino is much more geared up to locals. It does however provide a great value for money deal for those who've seen it all before and want to save some money for eating , drinking and of course gambling.	
Dec 1 2008 	So so..	My husband and I spent just one night here.The smell of smoke was strong everywhere, even in the elevator or the aisle..People were talking loudly outside our room at any hour..until 6 in the morning!..At that point we decided to get up and leave the place.The room (except for the smell) was nice..big enough and clean.The hotel is quite far from the Strip, but if you have/rent a car, it's a good solution.	
Nov 26 2008 	Terrible’s Hotel 	If you want all the glitz and crowds the oversized hotels in Vegas have this is not the place for you. If you want a more relaxed, laid back intimate hotel this is the hidden gem. Our little group of 3 and over 40 yrs of age have done the strip trips and we were looking for something easy on the pocket book for a little getaway from all the rain in the Vancouver, BC area. We were not disappointed I can not figure out why this hotel is only a 2 star unless they take into consideration that it is not on the strip and is not humongous (didn’t need a GPS to get around like the bigger hotels). I would rate it a 3 ½ . I am not taking location into consideration because I think the strip is over rated and now because of those guys handing out those stripper cards there is litter all over and is gross. We were able to walk to the strip easily within 10 minutes down Flamingo Rd and not have to fight the crowds or those guys handing out those stripper cards. We had no problems walking this day and late at night. The Hotel:The rooms were average, clean and we had a great view of the pool. The rooms have coffee makers which is great, can have that first cup of coffee while trying to wake up and get presentable. We were in the tower section (6 floors - which you use your hotel key to access-going up only in the elevator), which appears to be a newer part of this hotel. Pool in nicely laid out with a hot tub. (use your hotel key to access) The only down side was at the pool - because you are so close to the airport the jets are quite loud. Exercise room is on 2nd floor of the tower section in room 2248 (use your hotel key to access) this room also has a desk with one computer on it and is free to use with fast internet access and is air conditioned. There are 2 treadmills, 1 stationary bike, 2 ellipticals, weights, a bathroom with shower/tub (also a sink outside of bathroom, plenty of towels too) and a bottled water dispenser which is kept nice and cold. There is a convenience store just behind the reception area and beside the player’s club. Prices are the same as other places we stopped in to compare like the CVS pharmacy which is on Paradise (5 min walk) towards Hard Rock / airport. (price comparison on Yellow Tail wine at Terrible’s was $6.39, down at the pharmacy I think it was $7 but the pharmacy had a better deal on Sutter Home wine 2 for $9 and at Terrible’s it was $5.39 each) Hard liquor and beer were also reasonably priced at Terrible’s and if you get over 9000 points gambling with your player’s card – you can get liquor free! Gotta like that, or you can use your points for free meals. I didn’t gamble much so all I got was a free deck of cards, free t-shirt and hat (spent all my dough at the Premium Outlet – note to self – next time bring more cash for shopping).The restaurant/café and buffet at Terrible’s was nice and you could not beat the prices. We ate at both and were very pleased – like the hotel - nothing fancy but for the price what do you expect – use your coupons get the most value. We enjoyed our meals and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful, they even told us which coupons were best for us to use to get the best value so for breakfast (and a good one at that) we paid $9 (plus tip of $3 each) for the 3 of us, and in the buffet it was $10 with the buy one get one free coupon. Lunch was about $15 (plus tip of $3 each) in the café for the 3 of us with the $12 off coupon.They have a free shuttle to and from airport. If you are flying with Allegiant, let Terrible’s know, they will send the limo. When it’s time to go home, book the shuttle/limo at front desk the day before. Departure is every ¾ after the hr. when it’s time to go back to airport, so if your pre-booked shuttle picks you up too early, just use hotel shuttle, that is what we ended up doing as our pre-booked shuttle was going to pick us up at 1 pm – 3 hrs before our flight. Our flight did not leave until 4 pm so we requested a late check out, which we got, no problem, no charge.We were able to keep the room key so we could still access the pool and exercise room (the exercise room has tub with shower so if you want need to shower before your flight go here).Out and About:Buses – $5 for a 24 hr. bus pass, which you can buy from the bus driver. Before you go, go onto the Vegas RTC bus site and print out the schedules or you can pay .25 cents and grab one of their large books on some of the buses like the 108. We found all we needed was for route 108 (we used this bus from Terrible’s to Freemont / Premium Outlet Center and back) Route 202 (from Terrible’s to strip and to Red Lobster) the Deuce (runs up and down the strip 24 hrs and we used this bus to get to the outlet center down by the airport). If you do not get a $5 pass the buses are $1.25 for all except the Deuce is $2 each time you use it. We cabbed it once, from Planet Hollywood back to Terrible’s and this cost us $10 which includes the tip.Premium Outlet (North up by Freemont st) – I recommend this mall over the other outlet mall because their merchandise is higher quality at really good prices, but depends on what are looking for.Exchange rate at Terrible’s same as Bally’s ($100 Canadian gets you $76 U.S. – as of Nov 21/08)	
Nov 4 2008 	ok for the room rate that I paid	I stayed at this hotel for my weekend in Las Vegas by calling the hotel directly. I was given a 10% discount for being an Entertainment Member. When I reserved the room my credit card was charged for the 1st nite stay. I booked a &quot;new tower room&quot; for a total of $89.00 per nite. I checked in on 10/31/08 and checked out on 11/2/08. (Problem #1) The check in process was a bit slow, I presented my id and credit card to the rep, little did I know that she was going to authorize a $240.00 hold on my credit card for just for a 2 nite stay, when I had already paid for the first night. I did not find this out until I was signing the paperwork, I questioned this and I was told that this was a security deposit and that any unused funds would be refunded to me at checkout. I understood, however I just wish that the rep had warned me in advance about this because now I had alot less available credit to use on my trip. (Problem #2) went up to the 5th floor where my new tower room was, after about 20 mins. of getting settled in and unpacking I come to find out the toilet would not flush. I went downstairs and waited in line for at least 15 mins just to complain about this, when I reached the front desk, the staff was friendly about the complaint and immediately gave me a different room on the 4th floor. The new tower room itself was very nice, clean, and modern, comfy beds, a nice window view, a huge flat screen tv (which only gets about 5 channels), coffee maker, and iron / board upon request. (Problem #3) On Sunday 11/2/08 a couple hours before checkout, I found that my shower was getting no hot water, most likely due to several other guests taking showers at the same time. (Other Comments)I did order a steak dinner for a good price in the upstairs restaurant, it was very good and the waiter was very friendly.As for the Casino, I must say that on the weekend I visited, Terrible's sure had some very tight paying machines which did nothing but take, take, take and not give anything in return. Based on my experiance I would not reccomend gambling here or anywhere on the strip. If I were to gamble anywhere in vegas it will be at the downtown freemont street casino's.Out of all the time that I spent in this casino, I was never offered a cocktail or a drink of anykind. Staff is ok, seems to be an older kind of staff that is always in a very (slow, relaxed kind of mood)	
Nov 3 2008 	Great litle gem and free pick up from the airport	I arrived at the airport around 21:00hrs not knowing where to go but when I phoned the hotel I arranged to be picked up 10mins later by their free shuttle.The ride to the hotel was less than 8mins and when I arrrived the check-in time was the shortest I ever made.I was given my room and when I saw it, I was not dissapointed. It was spacious, clean, had a nice flat screen television on the wall. There was also, coffee making facilities. The bathroom was big and clean.The staff were always pleasant and polite.once you get through the casino area, the place is very peaceful especially the rooms overlooking the pool.Although, the hotel is about 15/20mins walking from the strip, there are frequent buses from across the road. These buses goes pass the strip. When returning back to the hotel, the stop at Bally's will get you to the stop just outside Terrible's hotel.The food was a bit hit and miss but the buffet is good value.They have the best value drinks in town except the 99c margaritas at Flamingo's on the strip. It cost $10/12 per a drink at TI or any other big hotels on the strip but only £2.75 and you can get it anytime of the day or night. (what more do you want)?My brother stayed at TI on the strip and he was very impressed with my room at Terrible's. His honeymoon room was the same size and he was paying more.Hardrock cafe is just up the road and other shops are nearby as well. overall, we love the place and the great value for the price. It you join their club you can get beers for as little as 95c and other great bargains using the book of vouchers given to you.I don't gamble so cannot really say much about the casino only that it is much smaller that the bigger hotels.We would stay here again on future trips back to Vegas. Great little gem of a place. LOVED Terrible's	
Oct 14 2008 	Great Bargain	We booked this hotel for one night, October 9th for $37.00 on Expedia. For this price we were not disappointed. We arrived at 8:30 am and they were more than happy to give us our room even though check in was not until 3. Our room was a basic king bed &amp; bedding but it did have a new flatscreen tv and a view of the pool. We tried the breakfast buffet and it was just ok, but we only paid $5.38 for two since we had a coupon. The location is great, with in walking distance of the Hard Rock and CVS. We had a rental car so we didn't walk that far away. The casino was clean and so was the room. I would defintely stay here again if we get a rental car again!	
Sep 25 2008 	Great inexpensive place for a night or two	We booked one night way early thru the hotel website for a nightly rate of $29.99 w/ free breakfast and $30 slot bonus. We had a reservation for MGMSignature for 5 nights but because our flight came at midnight, we had chosen not to &quot;waste&quot; one day's rate for just a couple of hours sleeping in the Signature. We also got our rental car the following morning.Terribles has a free shuttle to/from airport which was waiting for us - we called while collecting our luggage at the carousel. Check-in was quick, no wait but again, it was midnight.Our room was clean and nice with 2 queen beds, plasmaTV and view of the pool area.In the morning we had our breakfast buffet; well worth when free and even with the $4.99 ($2.99 for kids, 3yr and under free) price tag.I took the free shuttle back to he airport to get rental car while my husband took the kids at the pool, which is very large, clean and at the time had nobody else in. Very enjoyable.Hotel has a basic gym and a free internet PC in the gym area.Terribles is a great choice if you need a CHEAP place for a night or two or want to save a couple of bucks when flying in extra late or flying out extra early - free airport shuttle is convienet and takes just 10-15min.If you don't get turned off by a possible long hike in dreary hallways and very smokey casino to get to your room, for the price this is a great option. No luxury by any means but a clean, roomy place to sleep.	
Sep 23 2008 	the name says it all	I booked this hotel because the price was right and I heard some good things about the place. I specifically requested a smoking room and a king size bed. I got to the hotel after a long day and we were exhausted to say the least. I got to my room and it had an odor but nothing too terrible and then I realized that it was a non-smoking room. I called the front desk to let them know that I needed a smoking room. She told me to come back to the front desk and she would give me new keys. I had a problem lugging all my bags back to the front desk which was a mile away. She sent someone to my room with the new keys and it was like a wild goose chase trying to find the new room. When I finally found it, it had an even worse odor. It was liking walking in circles every time we left the room. The walk to the front desk was at least 4 very long hallways. It made you not want to go to the lobby at all. I was told there would be an iron in my room which there was not but I was able to get on from one of the maids. Also, there was a really nice TV in the room except that it got the worst reception and not very many channels. I wouldn't stay in this hotel again if they paid me.	
Sep 18 2008 	Best Hotel for its Value!	Don't let it's name fool you! It's an awesome hotel! Very luxurious! We stayed in the newer part of the hotel, and really enjoyed our stay.Pros:1.) Huge plasma television (though - there's not many channels, but you didn't come to vegas to stay in your room and watch tv all night anyway). 2.) Very clean! 3.) Really cheap - $35/night and buffets = $10/person (Buffet isn't worth going to if you're a vegetarian). And we got a free $20 free slot and play for staying at the hotelCons:1.) Not many channels on TV2.) Far from strip (you probably can't hike it from here to the strip)3.) Players Club line is insanely long. Overall, it was the best hotel i stayed in on my trip to the U.S. and the best bargain as well! Will come again!	
Aug 24 2008 	Not as Terrible as people say	Booked a room at Terrible’s Las Vegas, literally at the last minute – a few hours before heading to the airport. A friend and I were going to Vegas for a mutual friend’s party; I decided to leave for Vegas a day earlier than planned and meet her where she was staying that first night. The room was booked over the phone with a friendly reservations agent using the $59.00 rate with $50.00 free slot play.When we arrived at the hotel at 11:00pm, there was no line at the small check-in counter. I was assigned a non-smoking room (very important!) with two queen beds. No problem – I’m 5’2”, so two beds is fine. The room is what you’d expect at a Days Inn or Comfort Inn: besides the two beds there was a flat screen tv, separate vanity area with sink, shower/tub and w.c., and the a/c cranked out the BTU's. My comments, and these are observations, not complaints: while the room had a coffee maker, there was no coffee and no mugs; there were no cups in the room; and the water didn’t get as hot as I’d like. Also, typical of so many Vegas hotels, the room was a long walk from the elevator bank. Not a problem for me, but this might be for other folks. It's not the Wynn or the Four Seasons, but the rate wouldn't be 59 bucks at one of the fancy Strip hotels, either. Would I stay here again, absolutely, especially if free slot play is included.	
Aug 22 2008 	Basic and fine for a night	A friend &amp; I were going to Las Vegas for a weekend to attend a friend's party. We were looking for a hotel for one night to lay our heads before we headed over to the Summerlin area where we were spending most of our time.I got a great rate on the www.travelnow.com website. They seem to have the cheapest rates for Vegas hotels, and believe me, I scour them all! I got a $39 + tax rate which included $25 in slot play and a free breakfast buffet. I was very pleased with my rate.Just because I have heard of people not getting what they are supposed to get I made sure to print out the page from TravelNow's website that showed what I was supposed to get with that promotion. Fortunately I did not need that paper but I was glad I had brought it anyways just in case!We arrived at Terrible's about 1030PM on a Thursday night.When I had made my reservation I had requested a smoking room with king bed. I had even called the hotel to reiterate my requests. By the time I checked in neither of those requests were available- i was given a non-smoking room with 2 double beds. The only requests that were honored were a room on the ground floor and near the casino entrance.When I got to my room and found out it was 2 beds nonsmoking I called the front desk and was told there was nothing else avaiable. I decided not to fight it since I was only going to be there for one night and it was already practically bedtime.However, if I was supposed to stay for more than 1 night I would have gone back to the front desk and made sure that I got what I wanted or else got moved to what I wanted the next day.But one night? I could survive!The room was fine for one night. Nothing fancy, very basic. I think it was one of the recently renovated rooms. It was rather small, it had a 42&quot; TV on the wall, 2 double beds, an air conditioner that kept the room nice and cold, a vanity area and a tiny bathroom with toilet and tub.I was a little scared by the bathtub as there was no rubber bathmat or grab rails and I am always afraid of slipping in the tub. Fortunately I didn't.The bed was comfortable enough although the foam rubber pillows were not to my liking. The water in the shower was hot and had good pressure and checking in and out were a breeze. The buffet breakfast that came with the room was fine. Great waffles, plenty of choices, even a guy making eggs &amp; omlets. Terrible's is one of my favorite casinos in Las Vegas - i like the smallness and the slot machines that they offer. I always rent a car when in Vegas and love Terrible's location &amp; new parking garage.Would I return? Perhaps for one night but not for much longer. The rooms are too small for a few days stay.	
Aug 22 2008	Another Great stay at Terrible's	This was my second stay at Terrible's. This time in the new Tower Rooms for $50 per night, it's really not a tower, it only has 6 floors, but despite that the rooms are quite nice, the only thing that I thought could be upgraded was the bedspread, it was a little thin, oh and plastic cups and ice buckets, otherwise you'd think the room cost $100 per night, very clean and with a flat screen TV.I used the pool area one day and it's adequate for a Vegas pool for the price of the room.The Casino has all the games you might want to play, the food in the coffee shop is good if you're not in the mood to venture out. There is a PF Chang's right across the street and a few other restaurants nearby as well. They also have a convenience store in the lobby with coffee and snacks The player's club is good, you get a free t shirt for joining and can earn points pretty quick.Another bonus for this hotel is that you can walk to the Hard Rock Casino and a bit further down to the bars like Gipsy and Double Down. I'd definitely recommend Terrible's for a one or two night stay, especially if you need a place during conventions or fights and all the strip places are overpriced.	
Aug 10 2008	Basic place but cheap price	This is a basic place to catch some sleep while in Vegas. It is actually very convenient about 1 mile east of Ballys on the corner of Flamingo and Paradise. There is a free shuttle to and from the airport. You can walk down a block south on Paradise and be at the Hard Rock. The Hard Rock has a shuttle to several places on the strip every hour so if you don't want to walk or take a taxi from Terribles you can catch it. Terribles itself was clean enough. It is fairly smoky, small, and everything is cheap including a nice convenience store in the hotel. Food at the restaurants is fair. It isn't anything great but like everything else at the place it is CHEAP! And that is why we all stay there.	
Jul 1 2008 	Terrible's Lives up to its name!	I chose this hotel and paid a fairly high rate because of the &quot;extras&quot; advertised - free breakfast, slot play credit, and shuttle to/from the airport - I thought the &quot;package&quot; would be worth it. When I got to the hotel, I had to wait 10-15 minutes while the desk staff went to talk to the manager, who decided the inflated rate I paid was not high enough to receive these promotions. No breakfast, no slot credits, and plenty of negative attitude. Some service staff were trying to help - the denials came straight from the manager. Plus you have to drag your luggage and wind your way through the noisiest, most crowded casino I saw in Vegas to check in or out. (The Airport ride is only offered at odd, fixed times - if you can't go then, you still have to take a taxi.) The &quot;new tower&quot; room itself was nice enough, but I would never stay here again - having managers arbitrarily decide they will not honor advertised promotions is not honest, and was a frustrating and embarrassing experience.	
Jun 29 2008 	Nothing Terrible About this Hotel	We stumbled across this little hotel a few miles from the strip about 2 months after they first opened, and have never stayed anywhere else while we are in Las Vegas. We travel there at least 3 times/year and book our trips around availability at this hotel. The atmosphere in the casino is intimate and fiendly, and the staff make you feel like family. The restaurant has good basic food, but the service, while pleasant, can be a touch slow. The recent renovations have added to the selection of machines available to the slot gambler, and you can still fiind $5 tables at the right time of the day. No better bet than Terribles in Las Vegas.	
Jun 25 2008 	Very nice place for a budget!	This is a wonderful place!!!!!! The people are friendly, the room was great, the deals were big time deals!!!!! If i wanted to complain it would only b about the buffet, Now that was &quot;TERRIBLE&quot; !!!! Other than that, my husband &amp; I loved this small time casino. When you visit, ask about Ellis Island, the steaks there were the best! We went to Vegas for our 1st year anniversary and we loved it!! Please don't forget to try the cafe' upstairs, the food is great!! i was worried, but don't let these reviews worry you! Go &amp; enjoy! You really will have a wonderful time at TERRIBLE'S. The pool was fab-u-lous!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jun 23 2008 	Terrible Terrible's	I stayed at this facility for a business trip. Frankly, the only reason why I was even booked here is because it was close to the facility that my class was being held at AND there were little to no rooms available due to several other big ticket items going on in town during the same week.The facility is situated in a complicated manner. Once I managed to find the front desk, I asked if there was internet service. (Work.) I was told yes, all I had to do was to hook-up, but that it wasn't wireless. Once I was pointed in the &quot;general&quot; direction of the elevator (I discovered 4 days later there was a closer one.) I went to my room.The flat screen TV is the only nice thing about that room. EVERY night I was awakened by the thumping sound of car stereos as people were dropped off and picked up from their shifts, and layed listening to tour busses idling just below my window. About the only thing louder was the air conditioner so I left it on every night.The bed was hard and uncomfortable and the sheets had the thickness of a new sheet and the crispness of a pizza box. The rooms are small and cramped and the bathroom is tiny. I had to request clean glasses every day but was left so many plastic glasses daily that by the end of the stay I had accumulated over 28 unopened ones. 4 days after my arrival I logged on to my laptop to and couldn't get a line out. Come to find out, they shut it off because I had drummed up over 400.00 in charges on their &quot;internet service.&quot; Being a buisness traveler it never occured to me that they were charging me for a long distance call whenever I logged on. Nor was I informed of that when I specifically inquired at check in. Nor was it listed on my paperwork. NOR was it detailed in the room. ANYWHERE. The manager wouldn't talk to me about it. I called the desk and let the clerk know of my position. I asked why on their nightly reports, somebody didn't find it strange and speak up the first night? To wait 4 days? It wasn't until I was prepared to pay at my checkout that I had discovered the reduced the bill by 1/2. Not good enough in my opinion but I wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth, either. I travel for work several times a year and I've never stayed anywhere they charge for internet service. If your looking for an inexpensive place to stay for a &quot;Vegas vacation&quot; and can withstand the trade-off of noisy inconsiderate people, and less than friendly desk staff, go for it. I will never stay here again, vacation, business or otherwise. It's nothing more than a glorified truck-stop.	
Jun 21 2008 	Enjoyed Our Stay	My husband and I booked a air/hotel package with Allegiant Air from Bellingham, WA for a great price, approx $600 for air and 4 nights standard room. Great service from check-in, players club, bar service, restaurant and buffet staff. They are still working on renovations in the older part of the hotel, with new carpeting being installed in the hallways while we were there. Standard room was clean, with a king bed, flat screen tv, round table with 2 chairs. Lots of room for the 2 of us. We used some of the coupons from the coupon book they give you when you sign up for a players card and used them two mornings for the breakfast buffet - cost for the two of us, with the coupon was $5.38 with tax. Large buffet selection. We missed the breakfast buffet one morning and ate at the restaurant instead. Large menu and good food and reasonably priced. Used the pool one morning - too hot to stay out too long in the sun. Towel service and lots of chairs available. Not crowded at all at 9:30 in the morning. Small convenience store on site that has everything you need. It's located at the corner of Flamingo and Paradise Roads, two long blocks off the strip. A long walk from the strip, but the bus to the strip is across from the hotel. We had a rental car so the location wasn't a problem. We'd definitely stay there again. You can stay in the newer tower with the rooms facing inside to the pool area. Our room faced the parking lot, but there wasn't too much traffic noise.	
Jun 17 2008	Almost lived down to its name	We stayed at Terrible's for a week on a business trip and were looking for a low-priced place.Like many casinos, it is smokey and finding the registration desk is tougher than it should be. The casino, hallways, and elevator were dirty and depressing. The room wasn''t bad, but it reeked from past smokers.On the plus side, the restaurant and breakfast and dinner buffets weren't bad for the money. The $3.50 margaritas were decent. There are several excellent restaurants within walking distance; Cozymel's (Mexican and an excellent example), Hamada's Japanese (also excellent), and PF Chang's Asian Bistro (asian fusion I guess, tasty). These three were pricier than Terrible's fare, but they are on a par with some of the restaurants in the Venetian (unless you have a better expense account than mine).A coffeemaker was provided, although coffee packets often weren't replaced. The service staff were generally helpful &amp; courteous.I will not stay there again. I'll look for a non-gaming hotel or one with thecasino isolated.	
Jun 13 2008	First stay at Terribles	My first stay at Terribles in Las Vegas.It's off the strip very near the Hard Rock. Probably about a half mile east of the strip. I stayed in the older part of the hotel, which in only 3 floors.Easy in and out, parked in the ramp garage. One elevator to myroom, but with 3 floors, it wasn't but a short wait for the elevator.Had a clean non smoking room which was older but very cleanwith a coffee maker. A flat screen 42 inch TV with rather limitedDirect TV channels. (Probably want you to watch their movies channels) A convience store on the 1st floor (not common inhotels in Vegas!, with regular prices found at any convience store) Good comps with Terribles card, which works at their other casinos elsewhere. Needless to say, I'd stay here again.(I've stayed in many hotels in Vegas, and like the small ones better for getting in and out quickly. I did walk to the strip, probably took 20 minutes.	
Jun 4 2008 	it's still a good place to stay	Our 5th stay in this hotel (in a 8yr timespan) was still a good one. Though Terrible's prices has gone up a little, with some search they still have good deals. So for those on a budget; if you can book a room in the 'old' tower in the low thirties...go for it. If you have to pay more (on weekdays) there are other options like Gold Coast of Orleans which give more value for your bucks.Location:This hotel is located within walking distance of the Strip with Hard Rock hotel on the other end of the street.Parking is easy and a hike to your room, like in many other hotels, is not neccessary. Now they have the new parkinggarage, it's easy to park late in the evening as well.Hotel:Nice theme, clean and comfortable. They cleaned the walls in the hallways as well as the carpets (at least on the ground floor) so it all looked fresh and clean.Checking in was always quite easy with just a little wait. Staff could be more friendly and because the reception is located in the casino prepar for a somewhat smokey wait.Rooms:They have a new tower wit brand new rooms, but they are not a bargain anymore. The older rooms are still clean, larger than average and updated to modern standards with new furniture in some rooms and a 42inch plasma tv. Not really neccessary for me because the few channels they have were of poor (noisy) quality. Ice manchine's are located in some corners of the hallways, but not on every floor so you might end up hiking through the hotel.Food:If you are on a budget, this hotel buffet is great. 2 for 1 coupons are to be found under your pillow and you can eat for next to nothing. The food's quality is ok (fresh waffles and eggs cooked to order) and for paying only half the regular price it's a great deal.We found, though, that the quality of the food has gone done a little and weekend brunch is not more than a change to raise their price (which is something most hotel buffets do lately)We didn't eat in the cafe, so we don't know about that one.In the little shop they have coffee and a (fresh) Krispy kreme donut for 1 dollar.Pool area:This place is . A little oasis of trees and flowers with a nice shaped pool (cold water) and a large hottub. It's nice place to relax with plenty of seats. On some fridays they have a pool party which is free for women. They have music in the afternoon, which makes it even more relaxing.Casino:Though we never had much luck here this is the place to get a players card and earn those points for free food and other goodies. They have triple points on thrusdays and sundays.The casino is cramped though and i guess the casino's on the strip are much nicer to have a great evening out.Shuttle:they provide a shuttle service, but we don't have a good experience with it. Don't bet on it and make sure to prepar for a taxiride.	
May 29 2008	Terribles Casino--Not a bad place to visit	We stayed one night at Terribles on May 26, 2008, the room was given to us as comp for having signed up for the players club awhile back. The room was nice, two queen beds and the bathroom had both a shower and tub. The slots were as loose as anywhere and there was no problem getting a 5 dollar black jack table. The buffet was good, they do not have a large seating area and being a holiday it was pretty busy. We had to wait in line for about 20 minutes but the staff was professional and seemed to enjoy their jobs, and the food wasn't bad either. The cocktail service was very good and as long as you were playing the machines or table games and were willing to tip the servers then drinks were easy to get.	
May 28 2008	Another Great Stay at Terribles	My girlfriend and I left for our annual girls week away on May 9th and booked into our room around 11:30 pm. Unfortunately there were no smoking rooms left so we requested to be moved the next day. After having breakfast our new room was ready so we moved and settled in for the rest of the week.As in past stays we had no issues with any of the staff. The one thing we did this year was to leave little thank you cards for housekeeping with a tip in it every day. To our surprise some days we were left handwritten thank you notes.We just love playing in their casino because we have a lot better luck winning. Between my friend and I we won over $3,000 with half of it being won at Terribles.All in all Terribles is a wonderful place to stay and we are already counting the weeks until we return next year.Thank you again Terribles for a great vacation.	
May 27 2008 	Terrible's Is The Way To Go	I stayed at Terrible's on Memorial weekend this year. An of course I had read all the reviews regarding how bad it was. Well for my money and time Terrible's is the place to stay. Sure its off the strip and the walk can be long. But I did use the Monorail and that saved the feet some. But even found that the taxie cost was not that bad. From the Strat. to Terrible's was only $12.00 and from Cir./Cir it was only about $9.00. The casino was just to my liking, a lot of penny / nickle slots and not very crowded even on Memorial day Weekend. The room was great for the money and Hotel Staff was real friendly. The only problem I had was with the airport shuttle, I had to call the Hotel twice Friday morning to get the shuttle to come to the airport. But all in all I would stay at Terrible's again in a heart beat.	
May 21 2008 	Good Value	Stayed here one night before flying out. First time we had stayed in a casino and we were surprised how quiet our room was. It was a very large room (not in the tower) and everything had been refurbished recently except the shower head....maybe they are still in the updating process. It was a bit primitive. Loved the big-screen TV. Nice, quiet pool area. Plenty of parking. Check-in was fast and friendly. It's a bit of a walk to the Strip in a so-so area. We drove and parked in the garage behind the Miracle Mile Shops for free.	
May 18 2008 	May Getaway	We stayed at Terribles Hotel &amp; Casino May 9th through May 16th.We booked a Hotel, air, and car package through Travelocity.We were looking to go cheap so staying off stip was fine with us since we had a car.The hotel is nice, we stayed in the new tower room 1121. We had a back door to a patio and the pool was right there. The pool area is very nice and tropical, other hotel pools on the strip did not look as nice as Terribles.Terribles is just off Flamingo Road about 1 mile to the strip. We ventrued twice to the strip and one night took a taxi to Freemont Street. This is our third time to Vegas, 1st off strip, and would definately stay at Terribles again. Since being in Vegas about 7 years ago, the strip has changed quite a bit, and off strip is more quiet and tropical and relaxing.The only thing I did not like about the hotel that was the A/C is very loud, every time the a/c came on you had to turn the volume on the TV up louder to hear it, other than that we loved it and would stay again.	
Apr 30 2008 	Terrible's not so terrible	Stayed at Terrible's Hotel and Casino for a couple of days on a quick Vegas trip, and it wasn't so terrible! It's just off the strip, so prices are pretty good. Typical casino hotel room; fairly clean. Staff was very friendly for the most part.Most casinos in Vegas now don't smell like smoke as they used to, but this place was the unfortunate exception. We were in a non-smoking room, but it really didn't matter; the moment we entered the hallway, the odor was pretty overpowering.The pool area is very nice, though. Large and secluded by many trees and bushes.I'd stay here again, based on the great price we got, but wouldn't spend too much time in the room, or in the casino.BTW, this place has a decent breakfast buffet as well...it was worth the price.	
Apr 30 2008 	Terrible's Always Satisfies	I reviewed this hotel quite a while ago and felt with my recent stay, it was due for a new review. This hotel has an &quot;old&quot; and &quot;new&quot; part. I have not yet stayed in the tower but have never been dissapointed with the older rooms. This stay, I had room 2048. This is the farthest I had been to the south end of the hotel. This was my first and only negative being that rooms on this side are on the edge of the parking log which gets noisy with busses and delivery trucks in the mornings.The room was clean. The room was non-smoking and did not have any evidence otherwise. I used the iron this trip and it worked perfectly. Their rooms are much more spacious than most Vegas hotels. A nice sitting area, a desk and flat screen HD TV finish off the room. A piece of advice - unless your deal is very very low through a website, you should book through this property directly. I played very limited 25 cent video poker including one night when it was 5x points. I earned over 25,000 points this trip and paid for 2 nights of my room with just 5,000 points (Sun-Thurs). The third night was comped by the casino host for my play outright. If you book through a third party, you do not get this option at checkout. While the buffet for lunch and dinner are dirt cheap and always have coupons, they are not the best. Breakfast is good enough and practically free. Access to this place is easy just off of Flamingo and on Paradise which goes straight to the airport.I would stay here anytime again!	
Apr 30 2008 	It's not terrible but it's definitely low rent	I stayed here one night because I couldn't get a room at the hotel that I wanted the first day of my trip. Since I was arriving late and just wanted a place to sleep, I wanted someplace cheap. This fit the bill.The cigarette smoke will knock you over the moment you open the door to Terrible's. This is a low-rent local's joint, and it's starting to look a little worn.Rooms are decent sized. They're a little dark - the lighting could be a bit brighter. There's a 52&quot; plasma TV on the wall, but they've engraved the front of the TV with &quot;THCLV&quot; on the front to discourage people from walking out the door with it. The shower was hot and the bed was fairly comfortable.The 24 hour coffee shop has some cheap breakfast specials before 7:00 in the morning. I think my steak and eggs was $7.99, and it was tasty.If you don't mind feeling like a total low-roller, you can get an acceptable room here really cheap. If I just needed a room to crash in, I'd come back. If I want to feel like I'm on vacation, I'll go someplace a little nicer.	
Apr 28 2008 	Great Stay from April 16-19 2008	My Mom &amp; I found great airfare to Las Vegas and wanted to go for some sun and gambling on a budget.I read some good and bad reviews of Terribles but we were very happy as we paid for the older room which was a great inexpensive price.We asked to be upgraded to the newer Tower Room which is only 6 stories high and were upgraded for no charge to the 6th floor.Our room was clean and everything was new including a large flat screen TV,granite counters in the bathroom with beautiful hardware.We also had very comfy piilow top mattresses on our beds with nice pillows.On request we had an iron &amp; board brought up to the room.The free internet is in the older section of the Hotel on the 2nd floor in the Excercise Room.The equipment looked in good shape but we never had time for that.The pool &amp; jacuzzi were great what with all the tropical vegetation and palms surrounding it,just like an OasisThe pool was really, really cold but that may be because it was just the middle of April .They do provide towels for the guests at the pool.The Hotel store is just outside the pool gates so you can walk out and pick up a soda,water,beer,snacks etc.The only down side of the Hotel was that the food was really horrible and we are not a picky eaters.The Buffett was the worst as we walked in and looked over everything and then just walked out.We ended up going across the street on the corner to Bahama Breeze Restaurant or there is PF Changs right across the street.The Hard Rock Cafe and Hotel is about a block away.There are other places but we did not check out any other restaurants in the area.We caught the bus in front of Bahama Breeze Restaurant to the Strip for $2.50 for a 24 hour pass which was only a short ride or you can walk it which we did not do but heard it only takes about 20 minutes.Another day we took the bus to the Strip and then caught another Bus in front of Margaritaville Restaurant at the Flamingo Hotel which was just an additional $.50 and went down to Freemont Street to the Freemont Experience and to check out the older Hotels like The Golden Nugget,Fitzgeralds,4 Queens,Binions etc.We ended up taking a taxi back later that night which cost us about $25.00 to Terribles Hotel from Freemont Street.They have safety deposit boxes at the Cashiers Window for the guests.The free shuttle from the Airport and back was great,I used the Courtesy white phone in Arrivals,Terminal #2 when I arrived to call them to pick us up and then called down to the front desk when we were leaving to arrange a shuttle.	
Apr 28 2008 	Great Place Great Food Great Deal	The best place to save money and have a good time and eat.First join the players club, free machine play and The coupon book is loaded with free stuff and discounts. Ones you can use. The coffee in the gift shop is excellant. The rooms were clean and good for a few hours sleep, Flat screen TV. Coffee in room also. Shower could use a new head. That is my only complaint.The Buffet was good we ate there for Lunch and Breakfast. The Bourgainville cafe was the Best we ate there day and night and everything was great. The Country fried steak was a whole Pound ! The wait staff were all so friendly and helpful.The Pool area was like a tropical garden very clean and relaxing.If you like to camp out at the same place you play at with out the hassel of driveing or walking this is a great choice.	
Apr 5 2008 	briiliant stay	stayed at terribles in 2005, was a bit wary coz it was so cheap and not on the strip. upon arrival i was pleasantly surprised, check in was fast,ground floor room was fine, comfy bed,hairdryer etc. The bar was so cheap compared to strip hotels, we tried the cafe upstairs which was also very cheap,it was fine, we ate there a few times at lunchtime,but the breckfast buffet wasnt the best but you cant have it all! Pool area was really lovely,plenty of beds available. It was about a twenty minute walk from strip-or you could enter ballys at the side entrance (15 mins). this is fine of daytime,but wouldnt walk of a nite and the cabs are not as frequent to terribles ,maybe ten min wait.would stay again but imperial palace is not much more expensive and better location .	
Apr 4 2008 	Fine for the price	While it's definitely &quot;off-strip&quot; Terribles is only an easy 10 minute walk from the strip proper, making this a good base if you want to enjoy the bright lights without the prices.Our room wasn't in the first flush of youth, with the odd corner of wallpaper peeling up in the bathroom, just a hint in the air that while the rooms are now non-smoking this didn't always used to be the case and one of the handles missing off the chest-of-drawers. That said, it was clean, large and the bed comfortable.The food in the hotel focussed more on quantity than gourmet quality but it was reasonably tasty and good value.	
Mar 29 2008	nice room	The room was nice, spacious, clean, inexpensive. 2 sources of noise, in the flightpath of the airport, and cars speeding through the parking lot. If we stayed again, I would request a room away from the perimeter of the building.	
Mar 25 2008 	Budgeter's Delight	A 5 minute walk from the Hard Rock, this place is an ideal alternative for those looking to save their money for the blackjack tables (which are usually only $5 minimum here).Our regular 2 double bed room was clean, spacious, and comfortable, and even had a flat screen TV on the wall. I was very pleased with this hotel, though the check-in took a little longer than it should have.I will say this hotel is near some seedy spots, but as long as you stay near the casinos, you should be fine. Keep in mind this is a 10-15 minute cab ride from the strip, depending on your itinerary (parking is ample).Check out their cheap breakfast buffet - a great deal for early risers or those who come in late.	
Feb 16 2008 	Good for a budget trip	We stayed here one night in January to see what it feels like to stay in a 2 1/2 star hotel, also to save some money. We paid $40 for a standard room. I asked for a renovated room upon checkin the guy said yes, but upon entering the room I knew it was not renovated because there's no flat panel TV (I've read the new rooms have this). I got fooled right there! Maybe they got so much confidence in their standard rooms they would think I'd assumed it as renovated! That's being dishonest! The halls and elevators are rather dingy, as said by another poster. The room I had however is clean, decent and larger than your average motel 6. The bathroom is average just like in Motel 6. There's a coffeemaker in the room. If not for staff dishonesty, I would have given this hotel a higher rating. We tried the Cafe, the portions were huge, the biggest pancakes I've had in my life. Wife had a chicken entree. Paid $17 plus tip for two. Didn't try the buffet because i wanted to try the best ones on the Strip, although you get a 241 coupon when you sign for a players card, also they give you a free shirt! Overall, if you're looking for a budget place, a place to sleep or crash into the night, this will work for you. It is clean and big. If you're used to the Bellagio, Venetian, don't stay here. You'll be dissapointed! It really depends how fussy you are. This is great value if you pay $50 or below, nothing more. I wouldn't make this a destination, only because I prefer to be a litlle bit more luxurious on vacation.	
Feb 16 2008 	Great place for the price	We stayed here on a recommendation from a friend. We were a little reluctant, however, pleasantly surprised. Our room was spacious and very clean, the staff was pleasant. We had good meals at the Cafe, but did not like the buffet. Overall, it was a great place to stay in Vegas for the price. The location was also good, smack in the middle of everything we wanted to see and do.	
Feb 13 2008 	Nice Tower Room	We stayed in a newer tower room and it was great..The room had a nice 42&quot; Plasma TV on the wall and the room was clean and in good order when we arrived.They gave us top floor end unit and it was quiet, never heard a thing.Its only 1 mile to &quot;The Strip&quot; about 25 minutes walking.We never rent a car in Vegas always walk or grab a bus to move around..We took in Terry Fators show at The Hilton and it was a nice walk back to Terribles from there.Bougainvillea Cafe serves up great food for basement prices,we ate there most days for either breakfast and or dinner.Casino is OK fairly cramped and smoky&gt; (Its Vegas) we didn't spend much time in it..One thing we didn't like was the hallways had a weird greasy food smell that was a little annoying!The smell is not in the room and not overbearing so i am assuming its coming from the air vents in the hallways?All said we would return to stay here ..its good value and we were treated well.	
Jan 16 2008 	Terrible's was Terrible	We received a trip to Las Vegas from a friend and the hotel stay was at Terrible's. The hotel was very gross. We walked into the casino and it didn't look all that bad. After checking in we were told where our room was. The hallways to the rooms was awful. There were stains up and down the wall and on the ceiling. You could smell vomit in the hallway and hear loud television sets going and small children crying (it was scary to think that families were most likely living in that place). The room was good sized and the air conditioner worked well, however the blankets and sheets were stained. The bathroom was not very clean and overall the room was scary. The good news was you could not hear any of the other rooms. The pool looked nice but we didn't really want to venture down to see it. We basically used the room as a changing place and stayed as little as possible. We did order room service one early morning (we were starving after a long night on the strip). The food was horrible, over priced and it took forever to get to our room. I would not recommend this location to anyone.	
Dec 11 2007	Good Hotel for the Price!	This hotel was average considering the significantly cheaper price for a room versus one on the strip. We stayed here for just one night before moving to another hotel for business. It was sufficient. The rooms were clean. We didn't stay in the &quot;tower&quot; as those were more expensive (and probably a little nicer). If you need a cheap hotel for Vegas, this is the hotel for you.	
Nov 14 2007 	Great Value....clean room	Terrible's is my one favorite places....outdoor parking good food, but they raise the price of their T-Bone steak and Prime Rib special,,,inflation? Very good value!	
Nov 3 2007	Excellent Value for Money	Stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks and found it excellent value for money.The hotel provides a free shuttle service to and from the airport. Just use the courtesy white telephone in arrivals (Terminal 2) to telephone the hotel to request shuttel. We found this facility excellent.The hotel although not on strip is only a 25 minute walk. The best way we found of getting around was a $2.5 off-strip 24hour bus pass. The buses were easy to use, went regularly and stopped outside of the hotel.The corridors of the hotel are dark and could do with updating and redecorating.The room we had on the second floor overlooking the pool was very good. It had good facilities including coffee making and you could turn off the ac and open the windows, which we liked. It was cleaned every day with clean sheets and towels provided.If you sign up for the players club you are allocated 1000 points which you can use for free breakfasts (250 points), pool party (500 points) or several other offers. You also get the chance to enter the free daily and weekly tourament with a prize of up to $500.The buffet breakfasts were good with omlettes and waffles cooked to order.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Terribles. It is not a flash strip hotel but it is clean, friendly and value for money.	
Oct 22 2007 	great little place	this place is great if you are on a budget,my room was spotless,maid service every day.check in quick and very friendly.buffet and cafe were both excellent,great freshly made omelettes,the cafe especially with their specials was superb,had a t-bone steak which was great.i was only there for 3 days but everything was first class.gambling-you couldnt find any better or friendlier,when the craps dealers found out i was scottish they were even more friendlier especially when i put bets on for them,some lost some won but their appreciation was there.they just throw comps at you.being scottish i like a wee drink,so with my comps i managed to get 3 litres of vodka ,havent finished them yet lol!players club staff were very friendly,only complaint-i gave a voucher to a barman for a free drink and he looked at me as if i had 3 heads-still you get as***** everywhere.apart from that this wee hotel is well worth the money	
Oct 20 2007	Great value average room	Compared to other hotels, this is a 3-star. In terms of value, its a 5-star. Hence my rating of 4-stars.My wife and I had a choice: either leave before dawn to get in at a decent hour (and save the price of a night's hotel), or take a late flight, crash as soon as we got there, and then move on to another hotel. We chose the latter. Our flight landed at 11 pm, and we checked in at 11:30 pm. The next day, we checked out and switched to the MGM Grand.Terrible's had decent reviews on this website so we decided to go with it. Got a very good price which also included the free all-you-can-eat breakfast. For what we paid, it was an amazing deal.Check-in was slow. No one was at the counter for 15 minutes (though I note we arrived at 11:30 pm), which was very frustrating. Our room was very big, with a nice 42&quot; plasma tv and a large bed. It was clean but you can tell that at one point someone smoked in it (we are non-smokers), but it wasn't too bad. The bathroom was tiny. Considering we crashed when we got there so we could get an early start the next morning, we had no problems with this room at all.Terrible's is about a mile from the strip. I couldn't find the bus stop and taxis don't queue in front of the hotel like the others...they are only there unless they drop someone off. There is a person who will try to flag down cabs, but they don't come by often. Tip: when you're at the airport and take a cab to the hotel, as the driver for a business card of his cab company...it will only take a few minutes for the cab to reach you.Overall, I was very pleased with staying here. If you want to relax, this is probably not your place. If you want to save money--especially if you're taking a late flight into Vegas--I would recommend this hotel.	
Sep 16 2007 	Terrible's Well worth the price	Stayed at Terrible's for one of my trips to Vegas. I work in the travel industry and visit Vegas 3-4 times a year. I try to stay in different hotels to better advise my clients. Was a bit leery at first due to some of the reviews, especially the AC comments. The hotel itself is older and average. There is no internet access available except in some of the new tower rooms. The hotel staff did advise me they were working on having it installing in the rest of the hotel. There is a computer for the guests to use located in the exercise room (no printer located at the computer). Unlike most of the strip hotels, it is completely free. Terrible's is considered a locals hotel and casino and therefore gears its pricing to the Vegas residents. The hotel gift shop has some of the best sundries prices I have seen in Vegas. They're comparable to and in some cases lower than convenience store prices. Bottled water was the best of all, with bottles carrying the Terrible's name selling for $.25 each. Terrible's also has a very generous slot club and you are able to accumulate points not only for playing their slots, but also for gift shop purchases and for purchases (including gas) made at one of Terrible's convenience stores in the Vegas area. The breakfast buffet is nothing to rave about. Good, but average food and a decent number of menu items to select from. However, the price definately makes it worthwhile. Though the property is a ways off the strip, it can be walked and there is a city bus running past the hotel to the strip on a regular basis. Terrible's also provides free shuttle service to and from the airport, another amenity you will not find on the Strip. All in all, I enjoyed my stay at Terrible's, will stay there again and would definately recommend this property to friends, family and clients.	
Sep 15 2007 	Great Value	Great value at around $40 for a non-weekend night and a free airport shuttle bus. Walkable to the main strip (20mins). Really clean, new, safe and well equiped and the breakfast buffet at $5 was superb. Good restaurants located on the same crossroads - namely Mortons (very very good steakhouse but $$$). Not too far is the Gorden Biresch micro brewery if you want to escape to a bar with no ringing slots.	
Aug 31 2007 	Great!	We absolutely love Terrible's! Have stayed there before and will again if we're back in Las Vegas. Even the old rooms are clean and comfortable; the new tower is super. Pool and spa very nice. We love the video machines. We were there one Thanksgiving week and the sports bar put my husband's requested game right on the largest screen. Terrible's is the place to go for friendly people who do their best to make your stay enjoyable. Buffet and cafe are both excellent and very reasonably priced - coupons always available - where else can you get a breakfast buffet, including cooked to order eggs/omlets for $4.50 for two people??? Close to the strip and right across the street from the best pizza you'll ever eat.	
Aug 29 2007 	Terrible's - Not Terribly Bad At All	I booked this hotel through Priceline in hope of finding a good deal. I was unpleasantly surprised when I found out that I was being placed at an off strip , off brand hotel. I searched through countless reviews to find out more about this hotel, casino. The more I read the more perplexed I became. Alas, the hotel was prepaid and I could not get a refund. So, I was forced to complete my check in at Terribles. After maneuvering through the smokey maze of slot machines and gaming tables , I arrived at the front desk. My check in was fast efficient. My only lament was a $10 charge for air conditioning. Don't all rooms come with standard air conditioning ? Apparently not. For an extra $10 a night Terrible's will deliver a free standing air conditioning unit to your room. My unit was promptly delivered within 15 minutes of my arrival. After receiving my room key, I made my way across the somewhat worn carpet and the lingering smoke to my tower room. I hestitantly opened the door to find a surprisingly large and efficient room. I was further surprised by the large plasma tv and the pair of Starbucks iced coffee drinks that were waiting as a welcome gift. Overall, my experience was quite pleasant. The rooms are comfortable and slightly larger than average, although the bathroom area is slightly cramped. One plus for Terrible's is their convenience store. While it is slightly small and over priced, it is nice being able to pick up a disposable camera to replace the one you left at home or a sarong to cover up with after looking at yourself in the mirror with your bathing suit on, without having to leave your hotel to search for an elusive mini mall or overpriced gift shop. Another plus for Terrible's is their buffet and cheap eats. Snacks like hot dogs, chicken strips and the like are available practically 24 hours for about $3 or $4. The buffet, while not The Rio or one of the larger buffets is quite filling, tasty and inexspensive. The savings increase with the use of coupons from your Fun Book or Player's Club. With a 2 For 1 coupon I was able to purchase two Sunday Brunch Buffet's, including prime rib, shrimp - and yes champagne for less than $12. Did I mention I purchased a champagne brunch for two people for under $12. If you count the relaxing pool with tropical palm trees, the location ( about 3 blocks from the strip, walking distance to Planet Hollywood, less than a mile from UNLV, on the same block as the major bus line, and only blocks from the convenient stores like Target, McDonalds, etc ) and the price which starts around $43 for a weeknight , you will have to seriously consider Terrible's Hotel and Casino as a competitive Vegas destination. This is especially true if you plan on being out often and will only be using the hotel to sleep. It is very easy to drive a few block to the strip, or take a bus or taxi to do most of your gaming, dining or sight seeing. Did I mention rooms start around $43 a night ? Can anyone find a hotel room for $43 a night? Apparently so , at Terrible's. So in closing, (Yes I am closing) consider these questions when planning your next Vegas vacation. Are you on a budget ? If yes, than Terrible's will definately be what you are looking for. Do you want an ultra deluxe hotel and spa ? If so, consider the Venetian or one of the other deluxe Strip hotels. Do you want to be right on the strip? If so Terrible's may not be for you, although you can easily drive or take a bus to the Strip. Will you be using a car ? If not, then you may want to consider staying right on the strip. Will you be using the hotel to relax or to sleep. If you are using the hotel as a destination to relax and pamper yourself then Terrible's is not for you. If you are using the hotel to catch a few hours of sleep between casinos ,clubs or tours you should difinately consider Terrible's. I did and I will again on my next Vegas visit.	
Aug 22 2007 	Fab Fab and Fab!!!	I booked the Terribles Hotel in Feb 2007. I then went on to trip advisor a couple of months later which got me a little worried after all the bad reviews. When i arrived at the hotel i imagined the worst. Spiders, dirt, cochroaches etc. The staff on the front desk were really friendly. I received 2 cards to get into my room, i went in the lift ,so far so good everything is clean. I'm located on the third floor room no 3008. I put my card in the dreaded door oh no this is a nightmare, bad images go through my mind. I open the door and guess what the room is absolutely immaculate plasma screen on the wall, clean bathroom, no dust decorated nicely i collapse on the bed exhausted my mind is so tired worrying about nothing i fall asleep. The pool was also nice, clean and tidy. Next morning went for breakfast you get allsorts to choose from at the buffet food is edible but lunch and dinner could be improved. Go back up to my room to get changed cleaners very polite and my room was all made up again. Whilst here must try crispy cream doughnuts, cheesecake factory and the hard rock cafe just along the road i have put on half a stone whilst in Vegas and have no regrets i would deffinately come here again and stay at the same place.	
Aug 7 2007	A/C lives up to the hotel's name	I stayed at Terrible’s on a Friday and Saturday night in early August, and each night was $79 – the lowest price I could find for a hotel with availability that was somewhat near the Strip and also respectable, based on TripAdvisor reviews. Here are my impressions:The hotel is relatively small (about 400 rooms), and so it’s easy to get back and forth to your room. Rarely was anyone else on the elevator with me. The room itself is fine – nothing special, but certainly adequate (I was in the new portion of the hotel). The biggest shortcoming, and potentially a reason not to stay at the hotel, is that the air conditioning unit is extremely loud, and shuts on and off every 5-7 minutes. I was able to sleep through it, but when you’re just in the room, it’s quite annoying. And if you’re watching TV, it means you’re constantly adjusting the volume. Perhaps not an issue when it’s not hot outside, but when I was there it was around 100 degrees. One other thing – the hallways were, inexplicably, scorching (like 90 degrees). They seemed to have the heat on full blast, even though it was the dead of summer. As for location, the walk to the Strip is 20-25 minutes (depends on your pace). It seems closer than it is, and it’s not a particularly pleasant walk, as you walk by a bunch of lots that are either vacant or abandoned (or some combination of the two). You do end up at Bally’s, where you can get on the Monorail. Closer is the Hard Rock (probably a 10 minute walk). The taxi situation is somewhat hit or miss. The front desk told me they can’t call for one, and you must go to the front of the hotel and ask a valet to call for you. Don’t try picking one up on the street, as it’s against the law for them to pick you up. I had them call once, and then someone was being dropped off, so I just jumped in that one, and thus don’t know how long it would normally take for one to show up. There’s no wireless Internet access, and the business center is nothing more than a simple computer, with no USB drives or anything (it’s also located in the exercise room). If you want to print something, it prints at the front desk. This would potentially be a big problem, but there’s a 24 hours Kinko’s that you can walk to in about 3 minutes. I only at the restaurant once, and it was breakfast. But there’s a lot to like about being able to order 3 big pancakes for $2.99.When people ask you where you're staying, it is amusing to see their reaction when you tell them the name of the hotel is &quot;Terrible's.&quot; Few people, other than cabdrivers, seem to know it. Would I stay again? Given the A/C issue in the room, probably not, unless I was in a real pinch.	
Jul 23 2007 	Loved Terrible's	My husband and I were in Vegas for the first week of July. We have been to Vegas many times and have stayed at many different hotels. We have stayed at the Mirage, Treasure Island, Riviera, Orleans and a few others, I'm sure I forgot. We were very pleased with our stay at Terrible's. We were in the new tower and the beds are the most comfortable of any hotel I have ever stayed in. The huge flat screen TV is very nice, although we did not watch much television. We had a view of the pool and I love the fact that you can open your sliding window. I think it is the only hotel in Vegas you can do this. When we were there it was too hot (117) to even think of opening a window, but it would be very nice to have the option in a cooler season. The pool looked nice with a tropical setting of palm trees and plenty of lounge chairs, but I did not want to be in the heat, and I do not go to Vegas to swim. The rooms are standard with a nice bathroom, king bed, table with 2 chairs and dresser. They do have a coffee maker and for me that is a big plus, I hate having to go down to the casino in the morning for my first cup of coffee!! We had no problem with the maid service, as someone stated in another review. My husband had dropped his change by the bed and when we came back it was sitting on the nightstand. I also did not see any bugs of any kind in the hotel. I loved the fact that you need your room key to use the elevator, no key and the elevator will not go up. The hotel offers a free shuttle to and from the airport and they have a gym and internet access on the second floor. The staff at the front desk saved us the hassle of going upstairs and printed our boarding passes for us. If you want to go to the strip and do not have a car there is a bus stop across the street and it drops you off by Caesars and you catch the bus back by Bally's. The bus back stops right in front of the hotel. As for the casino, it is smaller than the strip casinos but has the best comps I have seen. They offer double and triple points on certain days and you can gets different gifts, buffets or spend it in the store, I am not a big gambler, I do mostly penny and nickel slots. We were there for 5 days and spent maybe a 1/4 of our time in Terrible's and still had $75.00 in comps between the 2 of us to spend in the store. They were also doing a free cruise to Mexico with a drawing every Friday night. If this is your first trip to Vegas you will want to do the whole strip thing, but if you are tired of all the crowds and hassle of getting around on the strip I would go to Terrible's. This is the only place I will be staying in Vegas. We did stay in the new tower, so I can not speak for the older part of the hotel. Terrible's is the owners name and does not reflect the stay you will have.	
Jun 22 2007	Loud air conditioners! 	Stayed at Terribles June 18-20 in their new tower suites. I like the security of using your hotel room key to operate the elevator. Also, you cant get into the room if locked from the inside. It is nice and new, beautiful big, flat screen TV. The worst part is the horrible air conditioner. It is an indoor/outdoor a/c. Being a new tower they should have made the rooms with central air and heat. Everytime the a/c would come on there was a giant boom and continued to operate loudly. I also checked out another room and the same loud a/c operated in there. I hardly got any sleep the 2 nights I was there. I tried sleeping with the window open, but at 85 degrees at 3am, it didnt provide any comfort. Breakfast buffet is always a good deal with their 2-for-1 coupons. Deal or no deal 1cent machines do not payoff. Matter of fact, none of their slots did. Dont stay here if you want a quiet nights sleep.	
Jun 16 2007 	Chain-smokers wellcome	The new tower rooms are nicely done with a giant lcd-tv. The pool area is well kept. But unless you are a chain-smoker, I cannot advice anybody to go there because even in a non-smoking room the air is smoke-filled via bathroom exhaust and hallway.	
Jun 13 2007	Terrible Buffet	Read reviews about the Buffet. Some were good and others bad. The price seemed too good($9.99/dinner), so we had to try it. I am a very simple eater and am pretty easy to please. I just figured the people with the bad reviews were food snobs, and were fancy eaters. Well, they were correct. The food was VERY average. Even my 10 and 12 year old were disappointed. Not the cleanest place. Needless to say, none of us went back for seconds. Waitress was nice, and there were no long lines. Someone in front of me had a buy one get one free coupon, which they said they got at the front desk by registering/filling out some form(I think in the casino).	
Jun 4 2007 	For the Price it works!!	First time i have stayed at this hotel, and have to say it beat my expectations. The rate we got for the hotel was wonderful (considering it was a packed weekend in vegas). The room was nothing fancy but it was clean, had big screen plasma tv and amenities you would expect in a 3 star hotel. Casino size was bigger then expected and they had 5 buck blackjack on friday and saturday nite which was nice for a small time gambler like me!	
Jun 2 2007 	not bad at all!!! very happy to have stayed here!!!!	we had a group of us stay at this hotel...probably had about 10 rooms in all and we had no complaints whatsoever! everyone in our group enjoyed their stay. and the name &quot;terrible&quot; is just that...its just a name. the hotel/casino is far from terrible! we stayed over memorial weekend. the hotel itself is not far from the main strip for those of us that wanted to walk the strip. but it was far away enough to get away from all the busy busy traffic of the strip from memorial weekend. the room was very nice....the tv was nice. nothing wrong with the bathroom. the pool was great. the casino was very nice...people in our group did not want to leave the casino to go to another...they were happy with the terrbile casino results(won alot of $$$!) lots and lots of parking. if there is anything negative about this hotel, i would say that it was the smoke smell from the casino. but thats las vegas...cant really get away from that. so overall......this hotel/casino was great and it was very very affordable! would stay here again!	
May 31 2007 	would stay here again!	For those of you wanting a bargain in Vegas, this is the place. For those of you wanting pampering and luxury, this is not your place! We stayed here May 14-18, and found it to be not too bad or &quot;terrible&quot;. The room was a bit dated, but it was clean and the bed was fairly comfortable. So, the carpets maybe weren't the best of the best, but do you go to Vegas to look at the carpet in your room? Did not see any bugs. The only complaint I would have was the bathroom, small and a weird layout. Very nice pool area, never had a problem getting a lounge chair. lots of penny slots for those of you on a budget. The buffett was eatable, but not the best I've ever had. It is a little walk to the strip, and in the summer heat, can be quite exhausting. We rented a car, and never had a problem with parking in the garage. I would recommend this place..it is a bargain and comfortable place to lay your head and shower (which about all the time we spent in our room).	
May 20 2007 	Thieving maids and cockroaches	Our stay started off fine. The room was clean and maintained but by day 3 it became apparently that the maids were snooping through our belongings in the drawers (things were moved and folded differently). On day four we found a cockroach in the bathroom and the maid stole a personal item which was stored in the drawer of the bedside table. Management did NOTHING. They didn't even offer an appology or seem surprised, but brushed us off with the promised that 'someone would call us'. We told them we no longer wanted maid service and put the Do Not Disturb sign on our door but every morning the maids were banging on the door waking us up. I'd NEVER stay here again or recommend it.	
May 17 2007 	Terrible's is great value for money.	We stayed at Terrible's for a week, May 2-9, and we were sorry to leave. We were in a New Tower room which was really nice. Very clean, a view of the pool, huge tv on the wall. The food in the restaurant was good and very cheap. Not too sure about the buffet - we tried it a couple of times and it was ok but not great. If you stay there, make sure you sign up to their Player's Club - the points you collect while using the slots can be used to pay for food, drinks, stuff from the gift shop, you name it. We hardly spent anything apart from in the Casino. The Casino itself is not huge, but has a good range of slots and tables. The cocktail waitresses were very friendly and came round quite often. It's a great place to stay if you want to be near the Strip, which is a 15 minute walk away (there's a bus stop right outside too), but not have to pay Strip prices.	
May 16 2007 	A nice little gem off-strip	We stayed at Terribles from April 24 to 26. It was a wonderful stay overall, and we would definitely consider staying there again. Room: we had a tower room - new redecorated. i've attached a picture of the bathroom. the quality of the room was great - much better than a &quot;basic&quot; room at flamingo or sahara (other hotels we have stayed at). Plasma TV! marble bathroom counters and new fixtures. beautiful!! only a couple of minor complaints: no ice machines in the Tower! we had to walk down through the casino to the gift shop to fill up our bucket with ice, a little annoying. Also we found the a/c unit quite loud, and it was constantly turning on and off through out the night, which made it difficult to sleep at times. not sure if it was just our room, or it's a general a/c problem.Ate at the buffet for breakfast one more. it was small, but decent food. $5/pp, with ample 241 coupons available. a great value!The cafe was very good food, great prices &amp; service. Amazing graveyard specials too!While i would recommend renting a car, if you stay here and plan on visiting the strip, this is definitely a nice change of pace. And a very pleasant surprise!	
May 10 2007	Resturant Buffet Food The Worst Food Ever	I wanted to make sure that I warned everyone how badthe buffet was. We did the brunch buffet on Saturday in April 2007and it was the worst buffet food I have ever ate. I have ateat the buffet at least four other times but the food wasvery bad this timeand the wait staff was terrible. Please skip.	
Apr 10 2007 	Anything but 'Terrible'	Just returned from 10 day stay here, and it beats many of the Strip hotels in value &amp; facilities.Room was clean, comfortable, and had coffee making facilities and a large flat-screen TV. Maid service every day left plenty of coffee, soap &amp; shampoo (whether you needed them or not).Signed up with the casino's players club so got freebies (t/shirts, caps), free/half priced meals and other perks.2 restaurants on the premises, one serving a variety of buffets during the day &amp; evening (all great value compared to Strip hotels) and another general restaurant for meals, burgers etc. As expected for the US, portions were more than big enough.Also has a small shop on the casino floor level serving food, drinks clothes, etc, all far below Strip hotel prices.It's a mile off the Strip, but it's only a 20 minute walk (and is on 2 main bus routes) so that wasn't a problem.Overall, an excellant hotel, great value, and I would recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 4 2007	Great Hotel. Good position	The hotel is situated at the junction of Flamingo &amp; Paradise, opposite the Hard Rock Hotel. We had a room in the new Tower block. The room was a good size and decorated very nicely with a 42in Plasma TV&gt; The bathroom was a good size. Overall the room had a good feel to it.There are 2 restaurants, Buffet &amp; Waiter. Excellant value for money. Eat at both and couldn't believe how cheap the buffet was. People que for the biffet dinners, which shows how good it is.The casino is small, but we liked it, especially if travelling with a group, you can't get lost. The tables had a $5 minimum bet, which was great if you are a beginner.The hotel has it's own courtesey bus to the airport, also bright red stretch Escalade . Reception arranged for us to have a ride along the strip which was great fun.Don't go to this hotel if you want a large themed hotel on the strip. Stay at the Terribles if you want good value accommodation with everything you need right on your door step.	
Mar 27 2007 	Not so Terrible	My husband and I first stayed at Terrible's as part of a free promotion. We have stayed there on several occasions since, because we find it to be the best deal for the price in Vegas. We have paid as little as $19/night, never more than $75 during an August weekend when everything else is outrageous. The rooms are always clean and the decor is contemporary - better than some of the higher priced places on the Strip. The buffet is worth doing once, after that everything tastes the same. The pool is attractive and the staff friendly. We like the gaming tables too - the casino is small and table limits are lower than Strip casinos. No, it's not the center of Vegas action, but who stays in their hotel when in Vegas?	
Mar 27 2007 	Nice quiet home base	I stayed at Terrible's March 14th - 19th for March Madness. The staff was very helpful and check-in and out was a breeze. I stayed in the new Tower section which I recommend as the only choice to make, having walked through the old rooms area which was in need of remodeling. The Tower rooms have 40&quot; Plasma's and overlook the relaxing pool area versus the parking lot that the non Tower rooms overlook! The central location on the corner of Paradise and Flamingo was terrific. The Hard Rock is down the street and I recommend going to the Hofbrauhaus German Beer Hall across the street from there. A few other recommendations are Del Frisco's for an amazing steak- Firefly for the best-ever tapas- Rosemary's hands-down the deal of the week 3-course Gourmet Lunch Prix Fixe for $20.!!! Peppermill for gigantic high quality breakfast and Dona Maria Tamale for authentic Mexican food and ample tequila.	
Feb 24 2007	Do Not Stay Here	Unfortunately my flight out of Las Vegas was delayed and this is where the airline assigned me for the night. I would only recommend this place to those who have no budget for lodging.Room was dark, dingy and altogether unappealing. The food was terrible. The shuttle to/from the airport only runs one time/hour.	
Feb 17 2007 	Terribles - trip report	Stayed at Terribles after calling directly and getting a great room rate. Check in was fine. Cansino is very small and smokey but most small casinos are. Our room was located on the 5th floor in the new tower. The room and bathroom were a nice size. The AC/Heater was extremely loud when it kicked on and there was no way to adjust the blower speed - full blast when ever it turned on. The bed seemed worn (low spots).Casine caters to the locals and on Friday evening and weekends you could really tell. A little seedy if you know what I mean.The walk to the strip is not too bad and only about 25 minutes. We saw the Titantic expo - very interesting.Also saw LOVE and the music was great. Show not so much.	
Feb 11 2007 	Terribles isn't all that terrible!	A couple of friends and I decided to head to Las Vegas back in August 06. Well, it wasn't the best time of year to go, but we made the most of it. The staff at Terribles were accommodating and kind. The room was okay, the walk to get there from the front counter a long one, we were on the main floor and eventually found short cuts, so it all worked out. It definitely is a hotel for those on a budget. If you're looking for an inexpensive place to sleep this is it. We enjoyed both the restaurant and the buffet. The portions from the restaurant are huge! Our first night there, two of us decided to have the prime rib dinner for two. It came with an enormous caesar salad, baked potato, garlic bread, and a glass of merlot. We used our &quot;Player's Club&quot; coupon book and it ended up costing us about 5.00 each. Incredible! Remember to sign up for your Player's Club card as soon as you register. It's worth it! We would definitely stay at Terribles again!	
Jan 16 2007 	Pleasantly surprised !	We stayed at Terrible's for one night after missing our connection back to the UK thanks to America west airlines.When the airline told us the name of the hotel we were a bit scared of what we would get but actually,Terribles is quite good!We'd stayed at the Bellagio the week before so it was a huge contrast but then again, it doesn't cost hundreds of $$$$'s for a room at Terribles.The staff were friendly and helpful and the cocktail waitresses were quick to ask if you wanted a drink.The corridors and communual areas were old and tired and the carpets grubby but,hey,you're only walking through right? The room was really big and clean with a wall mounted flat screen TV. There was a good vanity area but the toilet was tiny with a half bath with shower over.There was coffee making facilities though which is more than you get at the Bellagio!!!We had dinner at the restaurant upstairs (not the buffett) as the airline had given us 2 x $10 meal vouchers which I was determined to use.You will not belive how far 20 bucks goes in this hotel!!! The portions are massive!!! We couldn't eat it all even though the food was great.We still had change even with wine!! The service was very good too.The hotel is a brisk 15 minutes walk from the strip.To sum up,if you're looking for a cheap and cheerful place to stay with no frills then go for Terribles.If it's a speacial occasion or you want to be pampered,stay somewhere on the strip.Terribles is is really not that bad!!	
Dec 16 2006	Terrible'sis anything but terrible!	Terrible's-where the food, the staff, the comps, and anything else of what is important in customer satisfaction- is anything BUT TERRIBLE! A pleasant 2 days that I spent there were the best that I have ever encountered in all my trips to Las Vegas. I'm only sorry that I did not discover them sooner, but shall return soon to this hidden treasure! Bravo to them-and thanks again.	
Dec 6 2006	Great considering the price	We stayed here for just one night. The rate was only $53, so considering the location and the free parking-- not too bad! I don't know if there is a &quot;newer&quot; section to the hotel, but we were definitely in the older part....the dated decor and faint smell smoke were giveaways. I did see them installing an LCD TV in a room down the hall, however, so maybe they are upgrading bit by bit? Anyway, the hotel is across the street from PF Chang's and near McCormick and Schmick's, Ruth's Chris and a few other restaurants. If you don't feel like dealing with the Strip and want a low-cost way to experience Vegas, Terrible's isn't too terrible.	
Dec 6 2006 	Great Deal for the price	We have stayed a Terrible's a few times. The hotel is old, but our room has always been clean. The Kingsize bed was very comfortable and we found our room to be big and roomy. I have read some complaints about the food. We found the Breakfast Buffet to be a good deal especially if you have the 2 for 1 coupon ($2.50 per person). They make omlettes from scratch. If you eat nothing else, this is fresh, made for you. With coffee or tea and juice this is a fantastic bargain and of course there is other food to choose from. We do not care for the lunch and dinner buffet but their restaurant is very good. Their Chinese food is some of the best I have had and I go to Chinatown in NYC all the time, plus have been to Chinatown in San Francisco. They have excellent Mexican Food. There chicken dinner they serve for $4.95 either comes Mexcian style with corn and refried beans or you can have baked potato and vegetable, it also comes with a large fresh salad. I think anyone who complains about this restaurant is either a very fussy eater or a snob that needs to go to fancy restaurants especiall on vacation. Just because the food is inexpensive doesn't mean it is bad and in fact most of it is quite good.In conclusion I like Terrible's. It is not too big, it is not fancy. It iscomfortable and friendly. We are certainly going back there again.	
Nov 9 2006 	What a pleasure	What an absolute dream. OK it is not on a par with the magnificence of the strip but then again it is not in the same price bracket.I stayed there with friends who recommended the place and I have to say they were right.On the strip you are just a piece of meat passing through, at Terribles you are treated as a person and the staff remember you as such, friendly and helpful people all the while,and then again there are the prices.We all found everything here to be reasonably priced and the food excellent. If the local people use the place regularly then it cannot be that bad.Rooms were small for America, especially the bathroom, but compared to the UK, huge.OK it was a little on the dark side in the passageways and the carpets a bit grubby, but they cleaned them twice during our week, so it is a constant battle.All in all if I go to Vegas again I will only check out the availability at one hotel, Terribles.	
Nov 7 2006	Unbelievable	We spent 5 nights at Terrible's because it was the hotel that came with our air package. I have to say it certainly lived up to its name!The bathrooms are extremely small, the carpets in the halls are very dirty, the toilet was broke and we were given a non smoking room after requesting a smoking room and had to go through the inconvenience of taking all our luggage and going back down to the desk for a room change.  On the second night we had barely gotten to bed at 2:00 am and the fire alarm sounded at 3:00 am.....Every one was scrambling to get outside in the parking lot. However, there was no staff giving instructions to anyone and the alarms just kept screeching until 5:30 am because no one knew how to shut them off as it was a false alarm. It was nice that it was a false alarm, however having to stand in the parking lot for an hour and a half was not enjoyable to say the least. You could not return to your room because the alarms were deafening. Finally, they allowed us to go in to the casino area after the hour and a half in the parking lot...no one was offered any type of apology or even a cup of coffee.On the fourth morning at approximately around 11:00 am the fire alarm went off again.........this time we were up and prepared to leave the room so we just left the property all together.The breakfast buffet is fair, and on a positive note the Bourganvilla restaurant is very good.We go to Vegas 1-2 times a year and will never stay at Terribles again.	
Nov 2 2006 	First time staying there; last time I stay there..	I had never stayed here before and decided to try an off the strip hotel; first off, dont stay in the older part of the hotel; it is an older, rundown section of the hotel; dingy hallways, and dirty. Should have booked a room in the newer part but live and learn. 95% of the employees walk around with a dour look on their face so I didnt sense the friendly staff that they claim. It started with the shuttle driver who picked me up at the airport at 11:30 pm. He seemed either uninterested or upset that he had to make the journey to the airport to pick me up. I had a hard time loading my luggage into the van because of a back problem but he was either oblivious to my problem or didnt care. One nice touch was that the rooms did have coffee makers so I didnt have to trek downstairs for a cup of coffee. As soon as the coffee was finished I was out of there and onto another hotel. Restaurant upstairs was good and the staff there was pleasant and friendly, even at 2am.	
Oct 31 2006 	Crapped out at Terribles	We stayed at Terribles hotel during the last weekend in October 2006. We can indeed confirm that Terribles isn't terrible. However it wasn't much more than simply adequate. Our experience at the hotel clearly defies in many ways the positive reviews on TripAdvisor. Pros:Affordable budget hotel in a good location. Plentiful parking. Safe and convenient. On-site convenience store and gambling. Lots of restaurants and retail establishments around. Staff was generally professional and polite.Cons:Our room was old and tired. Tight vanity area with super-small unappealing bathroom. Malfunctioning shower head and smeared gnats on ceiling. Smelled of old smoke. Few TV channels with snowy pictures. Cafe was hit or miss. Buffet was absolutely awful for breakfast and dinner. No internet service (no wireless and we were told hotel does not provide computer access).Advice:Call hotel in advance before booking room to ensure that you can lock up a non-smoking room. Request newer part of hotel. Inspect room on arrival. Smell smoke? See dead/live bugs? Bathroom clean and functioning? Avoid the buffet and temper expectations with cafe. Book this hotel at a rate you love, follow our advice, and you will make a good choice by choosing Terribles.Our story:We called the hotel in advance to confirm our reservation and to notify them that we would be arriving late due to our flight. The Terrible's employee verified our info and made note that we would be checking in late. We also wished to verify that we had a non-smoking room. The employee informed us that they hand out rooms at the time of check-in so no guarantees could be made. This was disappointing to hear as we had booked our room online as a non-smoking room. We used a travel website, so perhaps Terribles isn't as much to blame for the confusion. Ultimately, they indeed had a non-smoking room available for us even in arriving just before midnight. This was useful info though as we would be hesitant to book a stay at a hotel where we weren't guaranteed a non-smoking room.After check-in the elevator whipped us up to the third floor where we found our room with no problem. Ours was adequate in size outside of a very tiny bathroom (which had other issues though besides being cramped.) The bathroom didn't appear to be very clean, but that may have had more to do with it's age than any fault of the maid. The shower head was also malfunctioning, but we dealt with it. We did find a live ant or two in the bathroom as well. But the greatest wonder were the dozen crushed gnats on our ceiling. Since we didn't notice this until the near the end of our stay we decided not to mention it. (Perhaps we failed our civic duty to report such issues, but we didn't feel like having that conversation with management.) The vanity area was also pretty tight which made storage of toiletries a little bit of a challenge. The plus side to our room came when (much to our surprise) we noticed that we had a nice big flat panel TV on our wall. However there were few channels to watch and half of those were snowy. The beds were decent though nothing more. Our room faced the parking lot, but there wasn't much of a noise issue as we kept the fan/AC running. Although we received a non-smoking room, my wife noticed the smell of old smoke and we both had respiratory issues which we wonder if our room played a role in. In retrospect we should have complained about our room, but we didn't notice all of these issues at once. They built up over time and we were resigned to dealing with the hand we were dealt. We appeared to be in an older portion of the hotel, so this might explain many of our issues. Perhaps it would behoove you to ensure that you don't wind up where we did. On our first morning, we tried the cafe for breakfast. The pancakes with blueberries were good. The fruit cup was also fine. The meal was a decent value and we felt it was the healthiest thing on the menu. The service was good that morning. We tried their rotisserie chicken for dinner the next night. What a laugher...especially if you happen to catch the ad for it in the elevator or on the hotel's TV channel. Of course it looked great in the ads. And for $4.99 who wouldn't at least give it a shot? We found the chicken to be extremely bland and boring. It also came with tasteless corn, rice, &amp; refried beans. Complimentary stale bread rounded out our meal. Not a very good dining experience. But it certainly retaught me the lesson about getting what one pays for. When considering that fact, I don't hold the meal against them. It was big enough for two and it was cheap. The service was very slow and unattentive, but it was 10:00 at night and they were busy.We tried their buffet for breakfast and dinner on separate days. Like other reviewers say 2-1 coupons are a plenty. If you end up paying full price then you are getting a bum deal. In fact, we found the buffet to be a ripoff even with the discount. Overall the food was more disgusting than delicious. Though we are not big fans of buffets we found theirs to be one of the worst the two times that we tried it. Like the chicken, it's a great value (w/ coupon) but you risk sacrificing all quality and taste. There were positives to our stay at Terribles. There was plenty of parking. The hotel is in a nice location. Traffic can be a nightmare during peak times, but we found it to be a breeze otherwise. Road construction is going on south of the hotel so you may wish to add another 5 minutes to your travel time estimates when going to &amp; fro. The strip is a good walk away so we decided to drive to a free parking lot (I believe it is a convention center next to the Tropicana). That lot is at the very south end of the strip so it may not be a good idea to park there if your business or pleasure is to be had further noth. The hotel has a nice little convenience store inside and we found the prices to be reasonable. There are also grocery stores, drug stores, restaurants, and retail establishments nearby in case you have additional needs. We were in Vegas for the Vegoose concert at Sam Boyd stadium. It took us about 20-25 minutes to get to the stadium during the weekend.Before we book another stay with Terribles hotel we would likely exhaust other suitable options. If we ended up coming back it wouldn't strike fear in us, but we would certainly keep our expectations low. It is a decent budget hotel, but during our stay we found it to be nothing more.	
Oct 24 2006	Terrible's Not terrible	The first stay at a new place can be frightening and or terrible. However Terrible's is neighter frightening or terrible. Check in was painless, especially since we checked in at noon instead of the posted 3. We had one of the old garden rooms that faced the pool on the first floor. The only thing I can say bad about the room is some of the wall paper needed restuck down. But I have paper like that in my house. The Bathroom had a tub shower combo. I could not have asked for anything more. Cheap room to sleep for 6 hours.The game selection for me was lacking FPDW, or at least it was hidden well, because I never found it. I settled for spin poker and penny slots. Drink service after midnight was lacking too.We ate breakfast at the buffet and swore it off for the rest of the trip. Old stale food. We enjoyed the café. Ate breakfast there once and dinner 3 times. They had a very good t-bone special.But I would definitely stay there again and recommend it to all my friends.	
Oct 7 2006 	It is NOT Terrible	We stayed at Terribles for one night in October and it is a very positive place. Easy to locate and easy access from the airport. The registration desk was a bit tricky to find. Casino is small but fun. Coffee shop in the morning had a HOT cup of FRESH coffee for $1.07!!! WOW!!! Room was clean and comfortable and quiet. We will come back again.	
Sep 27 2006 	Loved Terrible's...will return again!	I've traveled to Las Vegas twice and have always stayed on the strip. This time I wanted to stay off the strip, so I looked into Terribles. For the cost, I had a great stay. The front desk was very helpful and the rooms were clean. Not terrible at all!!	
Sep 27 2006 	Not terrible....	Stayed at Terribles because the bf and I were seeing a show at Hard Rock. Airport shuttle was convenient - the driver even waited for us to get our luggage! The hotel was so-so. The room was new but had only one light which made it impossible to read, see, etc and the fan on the a/c unit was just too loud. The buffet was awful - lots of &quot;mystery meat&quot; and unruly kids putting the whipped cream canister into their mouths...ew, gross. The cafe though was surprisingly good and hit the spot after a few hours of gambling. Decent drink service at the VP machines near the bar - so so at the tables. Friendly dealers. Terribles worked well for the few hours we were there. We were able to walk to Hard Rock for our show so overall it was a good trip. Would stay here again if we were doing just an overnight. We prefer to be closer to the strip.	
Sep 23 2006 	Good Value but not the Taj Mahal	After reading the reviews I decided to take a chance. It was a good decision. The check in was orgainized and the rooms were clean and comfortable. This is no five star hotel but I felt it was a very good value and I will return.The pool area was quite nice set in the center courtyard of the hotel with lots of towels and plenty of loungers. It is a secure area being all fenced in and requiring your room card to enter. The hours are also reasonable by Vegas standards 8AM til 10PM. Being so close to the airport you could watch all the jets coming in for a landing as you cooked in the desert sun.I found the best prices for beer and wine in the small convenience store adjacent to the casino (and pool). Better prices than Wal Mart on Schlitz beer if you can believe it! A bottle of Yellow Tail merlet was $7. An Albertson's is just down the street on Flamingo for the essentials that are not in the on site store.The cafe upstairs has great deals on food after 11 PM and despite the low prices the food was really good (much to my surprise). The buffet however was quite limited even compared to say the golden nugget downtown but still had all the basics. Quite a deal if you use the 2 for 1 coupons which are easy to come by.On the down side, I did notice the elevator and hallways were looking very tired and in need of new carpet and a fresh coast of paint but renovations were underway and may include these items. The cleanliness overall was not up to par with other hotels and, of course there was the everpresent cigarette smoke, with some guest's inconsiderately smoking everywhere, even in the elevators! It seems this is common in Vegas so not really a knock on Terrible'sThe location is very convenient as it is 10 minutes away from the airport and 5 minutes away from the US car rental agency office on Paradise - rent a car there for the best deal I could find. The Strip is about a mile away and looks deceivingly close. However, it would be a fair hike on foot.All in all after my last vist I have now changed my preferred hotel from the Golden Nugget to Terribles, at least until the Nugget finishes the renos and we see what they will do to the rates.	
Sep 20 2006 	Not Terrible At All	Had one night to kill en route to the UK so plumped for Terribles, tempted by the name and the prices. Check in was quick and efficient and friendly. The room was on the ground floor, a bit of a hike, but it's a big area. There was coffee in the room (unlike Circus Circus). The TV was a waste of time. There is a shop and coffee place near the check in. We went to the seafood buffet which was very reasonably priced (all the crab legs you could carry). Waitress service for drinks was superb. Check out was again fast and friendly. The shuttle to the airport was likewise excellent. All in all worth going to. We didn't try to get to the strip that night because we were knackered, but were told that it was easy and cheap. Go there!	
Sep 19 2006	Fun at Terribles	Las Vegas: Teribbles Hotel &amp; CasinoDate: August 31, 2006We had a great time at Terribles. Checked in at 2:00 P.M. the room was clean. The Buffet was fairly good. The service was excellent. The employee's were nice and friendly. The rooms are large in size. They are very generous with their 2 for 1 Buffet coupons. All in all we had a great time.	
Sep 9 2006 	No so terrible after all!	So in exchange for volunteering to miss our overbooked flight, US Airways put us in the Terribles hotel. We were a bit scared when we heard the name of the place, but it turned out to be a nice stay.We had a spacious room, 2 bedrooms, small bathroom, with a nice few of the pool. The room was a bit tricky to find and we had to go back and ask the person at the desk. He gave us a series of instructions involving several left turns.We ate breakfast at the Terribles cafe which was really good. The chicken steak is great.The Hard Rock hotel is within walking distance as is a pharmacy. The strip is a bit far though, we took a cab to the Venetian for $7.	
Jul 12 2006	Recommend it!	We used the Terribles as a jumping off point for our trip into Utah. We are not gamblers but wanted a reasonable place to stay in Vegas. Stayed the night we arrived and night we departed ten days later. Easy to find coming from the airport in our rental car. Quick service. Nice, clean room. I liked that our non-smoking room was on a smoke-free floor. Food was average - about what I expected. Excelllent prices! didn't really care for the smoke in the restaraunt (even though we were sitting in the non-smoking section - was still smoky) but I think that's Vegas for you.Enjoyed the pool. Had our 1-year old daughter with us. Nice crib provided. Would stay there again.	
Jul 5 2006	Terribles Hotel 	Terrible's Hotel &amp; Casino currently undergoing remodeling but that is no excuse for terrible service. I waited for 45 minutes for an attendant to give service on a slot machine. That is after repeatly calling to waistress and security staff for assistance. If you have a problem expect a long, long wait for service! The are having terrible growing pains.	
Jun 28 2006	Nothing terrible about "Terribles" !!!	My husband and I stayed at &quot;Terribles&quot; for 3 nights last January on a month long viist to relatives in Arizona. We heard about &quot;Terribles&quot; on the radio after we picked up our rental car at the Vegas airport. We had just been discussing, on our flight, about staying over in Vegas before heading on to Arizona. Since we didn't have any reservation in Vegas we thought we'd give it a try even the the name kinda surprised us. The parking was great and check-in was fast. We were delighted to find the room was really nice and had a fantastic view of a pretty courtyard and pool area. We couldn't believe how large the room was for the price!! My husband is really picky and he is still talking about how much he liked staying at &quot;Terribles&quot;. The food was fantastic and the prices were so low we could hardly believe it. Be sure and check out the breakfast buffet. We have recommended &quot;Terribles&quot; to everyone one we know. We liked it so much that the reason I am on this web site is to book another trip to &quot;Terribles&quot; for our anniversary this September. We can't wait to visit the little casino area as it was the only place we actually won money while in Vegas! The gift shop/store was handy and we got lattes and krispy creams there every evening for a late night snack and we couldn't resist the Terrible T-shirts for gifts. We really had a fun vacation thanks to &quot;Terribles&quot;...	
Jun 24 2006	Always a Great Place to Stay!	This was our 3rd time at Terrible's and certainly not our last! We have stayed on the Strip at the much higher priced hotels but have had more fun at Terrible's. The front desk, bar, and waitstaff are so much fun and more personable than at the large hotels. The rooms are nothing fancy, but they are clean. The housekeeping staff shows up quite early but they don't mind coming back if you are sleeping in! They offer basic toiletries (no nme brand) and a hair dryer. Irons are available upon request. We signed up for new Players Cards and received a t-shirt and free breakfast buffet. The coupon book gave us a 2 for 1 buffet, free bottle of wine, 2 for 1 drinks and lots of points offers. We ate for next to nothing. There is also a graveyard special menu. I had 2 eggs, 2 pancakes, and 2 bacon for $2.99. You won't find a deal like that at too many places! The bar also has some specials on burgers, hot dogs, etc, but the wait is about 25 minutes. Oh well, the bartenders make sure the wait goes quickly- keep plugging the video poker and drink free!They offer an airport shuttle but we always rent a car. They may say one block off-strip, but it is a looooong block! I guess the only drawback is the location, but we don't mind driving and using the free parking at the strip hotels. The pool area is small, but very nice. There were mostly families - no &quot;scenery&quot; that the guys are usually looking for! There is also a small gym and one computer that we used to print airline boarding passes. They are remodeling and adding a tower and larger casino.If you want an inexpensive, clean, friendly place and don't mind being a little off the Strip- Terrible's is the place for you.	
Jun 1 2006	Good far from Terrible	An unpretentious hotel. The room was comfortable, although the bathroom was quite small.Good value overall, especially the Bougainvillea Room restaurant that offers low-cost specials that tasted a lot better than I expected. Friendly and efficient service and seemingly fair slot machines made our stay there a good one.	
May 16 2006	Terribles was terrific	We stayed at Terribles for a week in ealy May 2006 and found it to be a nice clean hotel, especially for an inexpensive place to stay in Las Vegas. We had read reviews that said it was clean and we found it to be both clean and neat. True, the carpets are very faded and need replacing, but then this isn't an expensive hotel on the strip; more like a regular hotel. There is a new tower under construction, so newer rooms will be available in a few months. The older area is about 10 years old. The pool area is nice, but the hot tub wasn't very hot nor did it have bubbles. It is a good half hour walk to the Strip, but we had a car this time and the outdoor parking is very easy at this hotel. It is located at the intersection of Paradise and Flamingo, two big streets, close to the airport.Rooms - The room was large, with 2 queen beds, TV dresser, alcove to hang clothes, 2 arms chairs and a small table. The bed was quite comfortable. The TV only had about 12 stations but they included sports, news, and entertainment channels. The maid service was good and she replaced any shampoo bottles we had used (sometimes even expensive hotels won't do that).Food - The breakfast buffet was really good. It is only $5 a person and surprisinly large with an omlette bar, real ham with the bone (not lunchmeat ham), pastries, juice, coffee and most items you would expect on any breakfast bar. We ate there every morning. You can get a two-for-one ticket for any buffet (except the seafood on Thursday night) by joining the players club. We ate the buffet supper one night and it was just a regular buffet but it doesn't cost much either. We ate in the Bouginvilla Cafe twice and the service was extremely slow both times, but the food was fairly good. I liked the chicken friend steak.Gambling -Comps seem to be good, but confusing. This is pretty much a local place and the comps are complicated. designed for you to keep coming back and checking their specials. We found them to be confusing and the players club staff weren't very forthcoming about how the various systems work, but we got a few comps anyway, including $5 in free gas. Points can be restricted (which must be used within one week, so don't wait too long to go check on them and redeem them) and anytime points. The points on your card do NOT reflect the way the points are awarded and the day of the week matters, so go check. Also check everyday specials or you will miss them. This hotel needs to print out their policies, but probably don't because locals learn them and interim visitors don't know how to take advantage of them.In general, we enjoyed our stay here and felt like we could do some other things because the cost of the room was so reasonable. We went to see O, Penn &amp; Teller and Buck Wild, but that's another review!	
Apr 30 2006	Great Value	I stayed at Terrible's many times, mostly when the WSOP was on. I live in LA and drive to Las Vegas. I don't care to pay through the nose for a room that I will basically occupy about 20% of the time. I have always found the rooms to be reasonably clean and comfortable. Nothing fancy, pretty basic. The average daily room rate I've paid is about $35.00. For that, I don't expect much. However, I feel that they really do come through with value. One of the best features of this property is their breakfast buffet which can be had for under $3.00 with coupon and a second person. Fabulous value. Good food, great selection, decent service.During the warmer months, the pool, though not exciting, is very quiet and relaxing. I imagine that children would, however, get bored and restless their. It's a good place to spend a few hours reading a good book.The gambling is average. It would be nice to have a few $1.00 blackjack tables. But that seems to be almost extinct in Las Vegas. It just seems like the atmosphere is very friendly and cozy in the casino. Maybe, that's because it isn't so huge like the strip propeties.If the accomodations seem less than festive, keep in mind that you are free to roam all over Las Vegas and that most of your time will not be spent in the room. This is not a resort and doesn't charge resort prices. Use the extra money your not spending on your room for food, gambling, attractions, fun stuff. Enjoy!!!!	
Apr 30 2006	Fab place	This hotel is really close to the strip (maybe 15mins walk), has a pool, shop, &amp; a big car park, the rooms are large &amp; have everything you should need, the buffet in the hotel is excellent value (especially the 2 for 1 offer with the coupons) happy hour drinks in the bar are from only $1 for a beer, the staff were all really friendly and helpful. This hotel offers excellent budget accomodation &amp; it was actually really nice being just off the strip as there are loads of good restaurants nearby (including my favourite Bahama Breeze) There is some construction going on at the moment but it didn't cause a problem. It was really easy to get around &amp; the hotel very central to everything. I would definately stay here again &amp; would recommend it to anyone who doesn't want to spend a fortune on a place to sleep. You can go &amp; visit all the expensive themed hotels, which we did, then went back to our nice cheap hotel!	
Apr 29 2006	AMAZING BARGAIN	What can we say??? The Terribles is anything BUT. Four of us went to convention in Vegas and stayed there. The rooms were spacious and clean, NOT SPOTLESS but WAY more of a bargain than we expected. Daily we would drive from the MGM Grand back to their buffet to eat. We had a chef from our local country club with us and he couldn't believe how inexpensive their TOTALLY GOURMET food was (with a coupon which you'd have to be blind not to find around somewhere). The staff was courteous. The distance from the strip was bearable. It's been a month and we are all still talking about it. We've even booked quite a few people from the convention to stay there next year for them. If you are on a budget, DO NOT WORRY ABOUT THIS CHOICE!!!!	
Apr 22 2006	decent room for $45.00	The front desk was very courteous and knew our flight probably was delayed. The parking lot had space to park. The room served its purpose since it was just needed for some sleep and then off to the Grand Canyon.	
Apr 14 2006	a little scary...	We only stayed here a few hrs after missing a flight home so I can't say much.But it was 2am and walking from the casino/restaurant down the dimly lit halls from the room and back alone and female was a bit scary.I see by the pictures it did have a lovely pool, the restaurant had a good steak and eggs for I believe 4.95 or so and the room was clean and decent , but I must say they do need some better hall lighting, it was a long and winding walk to the room looking over my shoulder !	
Apr 11 2006	Good Value	I first stayed at this hotel during the 4th of July extended weekend in 2001. The room was spacious, but the decor was old. Windows partially open, providing fresh air. Since the window only opened a few inches, my belongings were safe from intruders. I have played slots and table games at more than one hundred casinos. Terrible's has one of the strangest player reward systems. You must provide major play to receive significant rewards. For that reason, I recommend more moderate play. Terrible's has more penny and nickel slots than most Vegas casinos. So you can play for quite some time on a minimal investment. The hotel has a small but adequate swimming pool, but they do not provide beverage service at the pool. The buffet provides variety and value, as does the coffee shop. You can get a good meal at Terrible's cheaper than most coffee shops along Fremont street (downtown Vegas). I had stayed at a suburban Chicago motel earlier in the week, while working in the City of Chicago. I walked about 12 blocks east on Flamingo to a self-service laundry in Vegas. The strip is a seven to fifteen minute walk west, depending upon your walking speed. The Hard Rock Casino is about a three minute walk south of Terrible's. This was my third stay at this hotel.	
Apr 5 2006	Would definately stay again!	Stayed from March 28th to April 4th. $504 CAD for the week. Great little hotel. There is construction going on Monday to Friday that starts at about 6am. If you are a light sleeper try not to get a room facing the court yard / pool area. Our room faced the court yard and of the seven days, we only heard hammering twice. We did overhear other guests complaining.Buffet and Restaurant are both great value. There are 2 for 1 buffet coupons in the magazine that they leave in your room and in the coupon book they give you when you sign up for the players club. Being Canadian I appreciated the $2 domestic bottled beer. ($1.50 during happy hour).It is about a 20 minute walk to the strip. Cab ride to Balley's is $8 including tip. If you are going to go up and down the strip during a day, buy the $5 day pass for the bus. Double decker's run the entire length of the strip and all the way downtown.Bottom line...for the price of the hotel and the food discounts they offer, this is a great destination for a budget minded traveller. If you are looking for 5 stars you could always stay at the Wynn.	
Mar 18 2006	Great price for a room in Vegas	I stayed here from March 12-17, 2006 for about $45 a night. It was a very clean, but well worn room. (Wallpaper falling off in bathroom and the carpets were dirty.) I had requested a king smoking, but received two queens smoking when I checked in early around 10 am. This mix up gave me a room in the back of the hotel near the construction. During normal sleeping hours, it was relatively quiet, but in the morning I could hear the construction.  The beds were firm, but the sheets were a bit rough. There were about a dozen channels on the TV. The maid service was great and very thorough. The food was cheap and decent. The staff was friendly. It is a smaller casino/hotel, but had many of the features of a larger one like restaurants, gift shop, player club, etc. I would stay there again if I want to stay off the strip, because it was inexpensive and very clean.	
Mar 16 2006	Don't plan on getting a good nights sleep	Consistant pounding at 5 a.m. on their addtion construction. I thought that was very early to start, should have been more like 7 a.m. or later. Paid $40.00 for the room and it was $20.00 too much. The only good thing about it was the food. The buffet was very good and resonably priced and so was the resturant. Don't think I will go back there to sleep any time soon, but would go to eat.	
Mar 8 2006	great for the price	We chose this hotel because it was the cheapest hotel for weekend nights (under $100) that was somewhat close to the strip (it's about a mile away from Bally's). We had booked 3 rooms for 6 people. they were unable to get us very close together, but the hotel did put us all on the groud floor. The rooms were clean and larger than we had expected. There is a reasonably priced &quot;convenience store&quot; just down the hall from our room (next to the player's club area, and accessible from the pool area also) so it was nice to be able to get a few snacks and drinks without paying out the nose for them.we ate once in the bouganvillea cafe; the food and atmosphere there was very nice and it was reasonably priced as well as convenient.I would recommend this hotel if you have access to a car in Vegas, since it's quite a walk to the strip (although you can catch the tram at Bally's).	
Jan 29 2006	great for the price	Room was clean, everything anyone could have wanted in a basic room. The beds were comfortable. The food in the restaurant was average. Check in was slow even though there were only one person ahead of me. The only complaint I had was our room location. It was on the third floor but was directly beside the entrence to the casino. Very noisy. Even worse we were here during the rodeo finals and the vans and busses to take people to the events started early in the morning.Even with the noise I would stay here again. My rate for a friday was $75 and I had a buy one night get one free coupon.	
Jan 20 2006	Will be back!	I admit I was skeptical when I read the reviews on here, but am glad I stayed at Terribles. Here is the short and skinny on my one night stay. Got there early so they held my bag until check in, which was fast and friendly. I got a king non-smoking for $40, very clean and quite comfortable. Also, free shuttle from the airport. Con; recieved the wrong room key, so had to go back down to get that corrected. At that time, I was told there was going to be a power outtage due to construction, which could affect my room in the morning, it never did. The construction also did not wake me up or cause any disruption for me. Con; it did affect their cafe and buffet, as all they had to offer was a limited buffet,(letter in room for notification), but at half price. Even though I was only going to be there one night, I signed up for their players club, which on Thursdays you get 5x the points. Upon sign up, you get a pick of a t-shirt or a hat...yes, the shirt is ugly, so I picked the hat. I am a beer drinker, so the 2 dollar beers couldn't be beat. Between 4 and 7 they went to a buck fifty a bottle, I took full advantage. Casino is small, so if you go to stay, be prepared to see it all within 15 minutes. No problem as Hard Rock is just a 5 minute walk down the street. Also, plenty of nice eats within walking distance, PF Changs, Morton Steak House, Buco's. The strip is about 1.5 miles, so if ya walk, be healthy. There is a bus stop right outside the hotel, which is cheaper then a cab, so I suggest that if you want to hit the strip. Speaking of strip, there is a strip club about 5 minutes away if you fancy that. Over all, Terribles is a find if your only going to be there for a weekend, any longer would be too long in my oppinion. Terribles; cheap, clean and friendly so I'll be back.	
Jan 19 2006	budget end for Vegas	If you like to walk while visiting and spend less for food and room, I REALLY LIKE TERRIBLE'S HOTEL AND CASINO. Rates are great $29.00-$40 per night, there is free transfers from airport to hotel and also for your return trip home. The player's card is 1 of the best in Vegas and Sun. and Thurs. slots pay 5 times for pts. for your playing time. Rooms are fairly large and clean,pool is small but clean and lined in palm trees,also there is a hot tub too. Towels are free at the pool.I neverpay for my food in las vegas either. buffet breakfast is only 500pts lunch is 750pts and dinner is 1000pts and all are buffets. It is a 15min walk to the strip but is near the CSZAR PALACE, BALLEY'S, FLAMINGO corner of the strip.I been to Vegas almost 30 times and I stayed at places on the strip and off strip and for my money Terrible's fits me. But you must like to walk or there is a cat bus across the street to get you to the strip for $1.50 and up 1 street east you can get a cat bus to downtown for $1.50 too. A 3-4 mins walk s.w. is the HARD ROCK CASINO AND HOTEL.nOW IF YOU WANT A MORE UPCLASS HOTEL------TUSCANY, IMPERIAL PALACE, FRONTIER,HARRAH'S ARE ON THE STRIP OR CLOSER BY for a very good price too.	
Jan 10 2006	Great for saving money.....	Normal room, clean and best of all cheap. I spent $40 per night, very good value for your money. I was able to walk to the strip-nice 10-15 min. walk, not bad for all the money you save. Also, they have a shuttle from the hotel.	
Dec 6 2005	Not For Everyone	Terrible’s is not for everyone. Located neither Downtown nor on the Strip and not advertising a shuttle to either, it is not suitable for first-time visitors to Las Vegas. It’s a budget-priced hotel, so it’s not suitable for those who value décor as an important part of their stay. Security appeared lax. Anyone can enter the hotel area from the casino. Also, doors from the parking lot entered directly into the hotel corridors. You need a room-key to activate these doors, but certainly someone who looks like a guest can follow a legitimate guest in with a warm smile and a “thank you”. The hallways had security cameras and the parking lot was patrolled by a security vehicle.Terrible's being a three-story hotel, the rooms facing the parking lot are subject to the noise expected from a parking lot, horns, chatter, doors closing, etc. I solved this problem by turning on the ventilation fan on the heater/air conditioner at night. I will guess that the pool-view rooms are quiet.The following might be a situation unique to my room, but I’ll mention it anyway. The shower flow was very weak. If you’re the kind of person whose day can be ruined by a bad shower, you might have a problem.My room was cleaned and serviced each day. The room was comfortable with ample drawers and furnishings. The TV was new with a large screen. The casino was not well ventilated. The casino was well attended by locals -- a good sign, because locals know where to go for loose slots, full pay video poker, and reasonable minimums on table games. Terrible’s is a good choice for veteran visitors with a car who want an economical base of operations and want to avoid the crowds, gawking first-time tourists, high minimums, and tight slots so typical of the Strip. Its proximity to the airport makes it convenient for budget-minded travelers who have a one-night layover in Las Vegas and want a cheap place to stay and a quick trip to the airport.	
Nov 17 2005	enjoyed all but front desk!	Arrived 11-10. Front desk help just stood there. Worse checkin ever. We went for the Air Show at Neil Airforce Base. Since this was our first time in Vegas, we asked them about public transportation to base. Reply NO public trancportation. Found out from heplful bartenter that the buses run 24-7 and it stops right there. Get a 30 days pass if you plan on riding the bus. That covers ALL the buses. Better than $1.25 or $2.00 each for everytime you get on.Room was fine for the price. Didn't use pool, but it looked nice. We only spend about $50.00 there in gambling. Didn't go to gamble.Food. Never ate at the buffet. Ate all meals at the resturant there. Oh my! Such great food. And lots of. Several times we got just one and split it and we were still full. Never had a meal over $14.00.Had a great time. Front deck, was the only BAD part. They all nedd to be fired!	
Oct 31 2005	Great time had by all!	Group of 8, Oc 27-30 2005.Hotel was fine, great value, clean rooms. Hallways could use new carpeting but overall it is what we anticipated. We would definetly stay here again.Had a lot of fun with the dealers and pit crew. Our group received several comps for food, ect. If you are expecting Ceasars you will not be happy, hotel is comparable to your local Super 8. Remember..your vacation is what you make of it.	
Oct 21 2005	The name says it all	We Sayed at Terribles when it first open. (I can see why it got the name).Our room was dull with color, there wasnt alot of places to eat, and the pool was small. If i was a budget traveler i would stay here, but because it was close to my friends house, it was a good choice. The only thing good about Terribles is the public bathrooms, they were clean and seemed safe. If your staying here and want a close restaurant, go to Mortons of Chicago grille or Buka Di Peppo. Both across the street.	
Oct 20 2005	Pleasingly Surprised with Stay	Some friends and I stayed at Terrible's for 5 nights in mid-October. The room was very large and clean. The housekeeping staff were very nice and supplied us with extra shampoo, iron, etc.The slots were very loose and the monthly drink specials were also great. You can't beat the prices on the food and you got huge portions, way too much to eat at one sitting. It only cost us $5.00 for the cab to the strip and they shuttled us to the airport. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone that is looking for a place to stay and not spend all their money on a room.	
Oct 20 2005	OK for the Welsh Contigency	Hubby and I booked this hotel for one week in September during our trip to the US. Yes it was cheap at $390/£222 p.w. (which averaged out at $55/£31 per night) so, admittedly, we were not expecting a swanky strip hotel. However, having read some of the utterly negative reviews here, I was utterly dreading it. It’s been made to sound like a cross between the Bates Motel and a Victorian Prison. The idea of creepy crawlies in the rooms was not something I relished. (I saw none by the way).There was a guy having an altercation with the desk clerk when we arrived and, we thought, this did not bode well. When the manager stepped in, she dealt with us and our check-in went smoothly. We asked for a smoking room (ground floor only) with courtyard view and she obliged. We usually lodge with Best Western when touring the US and this room was on a par with these – basic, clean accommodation. Our room was on the farthest side from the casino, adjacent to the fire station, but we never heard them. There is/was major construction work going on at the hotel (when isn’t there in LV) but we experienced no noise or disturbance from them, certainly never early morning. The pool area was lovely. Granted, the pool furniture was dusty due to the construction work, but there were plenty of towels available to lie on or wipe down the loungers (or perhaps some people wouldn’t demean themselves with such a menial task).With regard to the food, we could not fault the Bougainvillea Café. The Chinese lunch special I had (Hong Kong Chow Mien) was superb, as were hubby’s chimichangas. On the two occasions we ate there we were able to take food away with us (and we could both eat for Wales). Tried the buffet and also found it, for the price, as good as many others we have eaten at in LV.There were plenty of offers such as 2 for 1 buffets if you joined the players club (which we didn’t).Regarding the location (off-strip), there is a bus stop right outside on Flamingo Road with a service that runs every 20 minutes to the strip. You can get a 24 hour pass for $5.00 which you can use to take you anywhere on the extensive transit bus system (which we do a lot).In conclusion I have to say that all in all our week at Terrible’s was fine and, irrespective of some the negative nellies that have posted here, for the price we paid, we would have no hesitation in staying there again.	
Oct 20 2005	Left after seeing roaches in bathtub	Just a word of caution, if you can accept roaches in your room then you will like this place.	
Oct 17 2005	Terribles dont let the name fool you	We were not expecting much when we arrived. so we were definatley surprised when we opened our door. The room was huge. and nicely decorated. the maid left coffee, freash soap and shampoo every day. we have a 27&quot; tv. The staff wonderful. the breakfast buffett great. this was our 3rd trip to vegas and I am thinking we are going to be regulars at terribles. we have no complaints what so ever.	
Oct 6 2005	Great for the price	This is a great hotel for the price. If you just need a place to shower and sleep then this is the place. This hotel is not luxurious, but is a well kept property. My husband and I were visiting Vegas for a wedding and very glad we chose this place instead of paying the high prices on the strip. This hotel is approximately 3/4 mile from the strip. Short enough to walk or catch a cheap cab. Would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 23 2005	time is over for the terribles / continental hotel	i used the continental / teribbles herbst hotel casino several times visitingunlv (university of nevada in las vegas) in 1999, 2001, 2003 and actually a few days ago in 2005.the hotel / casino is perfectly located between unlv and the strip and offers a shuttle service to mc carran airport, so it is not necessary to have an car in las vegas in the case that only tourist or scientific interests are relevant.the rate for 1-2 persons rooms from su-thu increases over the years from 27 to 37 $ (booked formerly directly over the webpage of the casino and actually over lasvegas.com (a booking service)); so it is extremely cheap.but the other casinos are also cheap and the question is: what is generally spoken acceptable or not independent from the rate?what is good:+ the rate is perfect and can not be topped.+ the food area of the casino is very good and has acceptable prices.+ the rooms are large.what is not good / not any more acceptable:- the rooms are not clean (especially in the rough edges)- the furniture is old (and you can see this)- the bathroom / air condition becomes old and you can see and hear this- the carpets on the floors are dirty (3rd. floor 30xx rooms!)- actually (sept. 05) parts of the hotel/casino are rebuilded parallel to the hotel service of 3/4 of the remaining part (you can see and hear this, beginning 6 am finishing 7-8 pm).- my special problem (last room 3003) I: the security of the hotel works directly on the other side of the floor: you can not see them, you can hear them discussing and throwing doors- my special problem II: the security people are running on the housetopand are improving something with inacceptables loudness and bumps- my special problem III: the fan / exhauster of the casino are located 10 mtr. beside the end of the building: you can feel the vibrations all over the day inside of 50 % of 1/3 of the complete building (if you know where it is coming from).so i decided for myself: time is over for terribles, next visit in 2007 i have to find another cheap casino close to unlv and strip.	
Sep 23 2005	Bad  dishonest and Rude	Four of us stayed there for 2 nights. First the rooms are dark and dirty and smell nasty which is unacceptable. Secondly we had booked our rooms through a travel agency and it included breakfast. When we arrived at the breakfast room, they kept us waiting for 10 minutes in the line to check that we did have the breakfast included, it was extremely unpleasant as if we were crooks trying to get a free breakfast and later I got the extreme bad surprise to find that they had charged $75 on my credit card. When I phoned the hotel, they were very rude and refused to pay me back. So BEWARE, we will never go there again and warned all the travel agencies we know.	
Sep 10 2005	Our Favorite Hotel in Las Vegas	We love Terribles! We have been stayed here at least 5 times in the last 3 years. It's sad that some people have had bad experiences. I'm in the service industry and I know you can't please everyone.Great deals, food, clean rooms, lovely grounds and pools. As for those who say it is too far from the strip and it cost too much for the taxi, my husband and I catch the bus everywhere in Las Vegas. It's cheap and also if your a senior you can get a discount card and ride for only $.60. Also for senior that don't like to commute Terribles is perfect because everything is there. Gambling, food, entertainment,and if you need some quiet time- outside in the garden. Also the FREE shuttle! My aunty who is 80 yrs. old loves Terribles and is happy to spend her whole vacation in the hotel.The only thing negative I have to say is with check in and check out. Many times they have made errors on my bill but I always make sure I have all the copies of what is supposed to be charged. They have been very good in correcting any errors.Terribles... we will be back soon!!!B.&amp; E. from Hawaii	
Sep 7 2005	Terrible customer service	When checking in I was told there was a $50 deposit on each room (2). Instead of charging me an unexpected $100 deposit they rounded up to $69 per room and the final deposit talley was $155.00. Doesn't quite add up. Cafe manager was rude, it took us 3 hours to get our food and eat and manager wouldn't let our group of 25 even talk to each other without dirty looks. It made our reunion for my parents 50th wedding anniversary very stressful. This is Vegas for goodness sakes!Upon checking out I was told I owed another $89 for the 3rd night of the second room and thank goodness I had all paperwork cuz after 1/2 hour and arguing with 2 employees, the accounting manager and the general manager, I finally was credited back my high priced deposit. The great rooms, rates, food and food prices didn't make up for the rude and obnoxious way I was treated and it put a pall on the whole 4 days for myself and the other people meeting there for my parents 50th anniversary. I'll pay a higher price for better service any day.	
Sep 5 2005	only stayed one night wished it was longer	we travelled in and out of Vegas staying in 3 cheap hotels during our visit. i loved Terribles it was clean, luxurious and cheap. we were given free breakfast buffet tickets and a booklet of vouchers for free and cheap drinks. The pool and spa were great and free shuttle to the airport was good. However we did have a problem on arrival as they had no record of our booking,(through expedia) and this took quite a time to sort ,it was a good thing we had written evidence of prepayment with us.	
Aug 16 2005	a chubby pickle	For the price, this place is awsome. Anyone that says it was too smolky or my family was not waited on fast enough, go stay at the Mirage you stupid pussy. Foot long hot dogs for $2 and waiters that give you a plate full of pickles at 4:00am are all right by me.	
Jul 30 2005	Won't visit again.	Cons: Room walls are too thin. Had a hard time falling asleep hearing talking and television from next door. Hallway carpets were filthy. No covered parking.Pros: Room was clean. Pool is nice but closes too early.	
Jul 27 2005	"Customer Service 101" refresher course needed by Casino Staff	Found out confirmations mean nothing - when we arrived at casino there was a block on all rooms - we almost did not get a room - clerk had to go to manager to get us a room. (We booked for 6 nights and 7 days) When I booked I requested confirmation to be emailed - never sent - had to call three days later to confirm our reservations where confirmed. I tried to give the desk clerk our confirmation number and she would not take the information.Terrible's has been sending me emails for almost a year to give them a try and we did. What my wife and I observed was if you are an employee of Terrible's you get special treatment. What happened to taking care of your customer?I must say the room we finally got was nice, the only issue we had was a bottle of water was stolen - yes it was a small item - but it was someone stealing from a paying guest - we did not push the issue till we got home because of staying in casino 7 days and didn't want anymore problems.I must also state that the casino did offer at no charge a safety depost box which we did use, and what was nice was there was room enough to put my labtop in for security.Terrible's Buffet for what you pay with the 2 For 1 Coupon you cann't beat the price. However; back to the service issue with the casino. We went twice for the buffet and if you were an employee - or a family member of an employee you get special treatment over paying casino guest. Both times we went for the buffet we had people walk in and take a table of their choice without being taken to their table. When I questions what was going on I was ignored. Also when we finally got into the buffet and trying to get our food, employee's were rude and would force their way in line to get what food they wanted. Employee's seem to forget they are in a business that provides service for paying customers.As for the Bougainville Cafe in Terrible's which is open 24 hours - for get the concept of service. The first night we tried their dining - the food was great but their was no service. The second time we tried their dining - food was just ok, but they were consitant on &quot;no service&quot;. On our second visit we did observe two tables request the manager and send food back and a third table was upset about something and left. My wife said it best - when the waiter/waitress went through the back door/kitchen door they went into &quot;never - never land&quot; because they never came back.Terrible's for what you are paying is not a bad thing on your pocket book, but if you are expecting service you might want to look into a diffent location, because what happened to use was very disappointing.Terrible's staff needs a refresher course in customer service 101.	
Jun 30 2005	great stay	It was our first time to vegas and we was surprised at what we found after reading some of the reveiws the room was clean and the food was great,and for the staff they helped us any way they could from the bell staff to the house keepers they where all great i would tell everyone who was going to vegas but dont want to spend a lot of money on there room stay there. you will enjoy it.	
Jun 28 2005	Bugs Bugs Bugs	Room looked clean but was infested with BED BUGS. First Time I have ever experienced this at a hotel, that looked clean. Woke up covered with bites!!!!!! Yuck! Such a bad single experience in a hotel that, otherwise, provided great food and accomodations. Left me with a real bad feeling about the experience overall.	
Jun 3 2005 	Great deal!	My stay was actually pretty nice. The best things were the airport shuttle to and from the hotel and the buffet. You could not beat the price at the breakfast buffet-three adults ate for $8.00 with coupons that the hotel will give you if you sign up for there club. The bedroom was a nice size and everything was pretty clean. The bathroom was small and there was no closet-you use rack attached to the wall. I would probably stay here again but it is far from alot of the main Vegas attractions so you either had to walk alot or cab it (which is expensive in Vegas).If you are looking for a cheap, clean place to stay in Vegas you really can't beat this place.	
May 24 2005	Good Hotel	I had some misgivings having read several bad reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised. This hotel was lovely. I found the staff very friendly and helpful, my room was spacious and cleaned every day, good sized pool and lots of chairs/sunbeds and towels provided. For the few meals I had in the restaurant ie breakfast and dinner, the service was very quick and lots of choice on the menu.Only downside is the distance from the Strip - about 15 minutes walk with no shade, so in temperatures of 105 degrees was a bit of an ordeal. I definitely would stay here again and would recommend this hotel to others, as not as impersonal as the big places on the Strip.	
May 17 2005	GREAT FOR THE MONEY	We had a great room overlooking the pool and the food was fine , very good service over all great place to stay	
May 16 2005	Terrible's Hotel and Casino	Our last night was spent staying at Terribles which had offered a $19 rate for my birthday. We had chosen the last night here for several reasons - one was the fact that this was video keno heaven where 90% of the machines were keno. We weren't going into this with the wool over our eyes and realized that the somewhat sleeziness would mean the rooms weren't going to be 4 star ones.Having said that, there were surprises and disappointments. The biggest surprise was that this hotel offered the only in-room coffee makers on our entire trip. The disappointments were many....from trash still laying around, to a bathroom door that gave us problems, to smelly bedspreads and to the realization that smoking rooms were on the first floor which may be fantastic for going to your room from the casino area, but for 3 women, it didn't make you feel very good. One problem is there is so much riff raff (i.e., we saw two different fights on the casino floor), and no security to make sure that people don't wander from the casino to the hotel rooms. The other problem was that the window in the room faced the walkway around the swimming pool. Low to the ground, we were forced to keep the curtains tightly closed to avoid people looking in at us.But if you want video keno, this is a great place to play. It's also a great place to earn nice gifts. If you want to play roulette or craps...forget it as they only have one table for each. Food to me is excellent!!! A small buffet with well prepared items was available but we spent most of our time in the cafe. Why? The simple answer is Bread Pudding. I admit it....I'm addicted and I use my Vegas trips as an excuse to eat the stuff. And Terribles so far, is the Bread Pudding KING. It is such a huge portion that 2-3 people can easily share.	
May 3 2005	Hometown Charm	My wife and I stayed for five days. People were friendly and rooms were clean. Food was excellent and at very reasonable prices. Two for one's are always a best bet. I won at craps everytime I played. With their low limits, I felt I couldn't loose. I didn't. Maybe it was just my confidence or mathematical ability. It isn't the fanciest place in town or the newest but in my opinion it was the best for us. I will definitly go back again. I give it five stars. P.S. We also won enough points to get each of us a leather travel bag.	
May 3 2005	Aptly named hotel and food	This is without a doubt, the very worse buffet in Las Vegas. Aptly named - Terribles! Having lived in Vegas for a few years now, we do go there to gamble but would never eat there again. I love PEI and hope that the next time you visit Vegas you would select a real hotel with great food and service and entertainment. That would not be Circus Circus either. You managed to select the bottom of the list with your two choices.	
May 2 2005	Great time great price....	My friends and I decided to take a (budget) trip to Vegas for the 4/29/05 weekend, but were surprised at how much room rates were for hotels on the strip. Terrible's looked like a hotel with pretty good reviews and it was only $97 a night (tax included). It was wonderful. The front desk was friendly and helpful, and gave us 2 rooms next to each other with no hassle. The casino is small, but has one craps table and a couple $5 and $10 blackjack tables (everything on the strip is at least $15 min. at night...) In fact, we went to the strip to gamble and ended up coming back to Terrible's early so we could gamble there. Everyone is really nice, and the rooms are big and clean. Only complaints: low shower pressure, it's a little far to the strip ($6.60 cab fare), and there's no view from the normal rooms (our window faced the wall of the building next to ours). Other than that, we had a great time. Oh, and try the $2.99 graveyard breakfast specials at the cafe. The food is average (I would compare to IHOP or Denny's), but the price is excellent! Basically, if you want the glitz of the strip, stay somewhere else, but if you just want a place to crash at 4am and save some money, stay here. I would definitely stay at Terrible's again.	
Apr 30 2005	Awesome place to stay	We're from Prince Edward Island Canada and was in Vegas from April 20 to 28, 2005. We found Terribles Hotel and casino on the internet and LOVED every minute of it. Had never been to Las Vegas and I was scared but found staying at Terrible, very relaxing (especially the pool area, loved it) and the people were nice. My husband would be in the room and I felt at ease and safe being downstairs in the casino. Food was excellent. We stayed at Circus-Circus the last 3 days and we regretted leaving Terribles. Can't compare. It's off the stip but close enough to walk or take the bus. Room were great and clean. People were very friendly. We'll be back in 2 years and will stay at Terribles AGAIN. Thanks for the home away from home.	
Apr 21 2005	Loved it!	absolutely excellent hotel for the price. the staff are very friendly (apart from the registration desk where they are average) the hotel was clean, the room huge and the pool was wonderful. the breakfast was great value and delicious. the hotel is a 15-20 min walk from the strip or about $10 by cab. The valet/ taxi hailing guys are excellent and provide a great service, especially Dan. if you are going to vegas on a budget, you must stay at terribles. i am already nagging my husband to take me back in september!	
Apr 19 2005	We'll be back again 	If you are looking for a clean, friendly, convenient place that is affordable, then look no further. My boyfriend and I make a trip to Las Vegas every April, and we will never stay anywhere else again. The Strip is too crowded and too expensive, and so this year we looked around for something else. We hit the jackpot on our first try!We arrived early, parked near the door, and ran into see if we could check in early. The desk person was pleasant, and didn't act put out because we were asking to check in several hours early. He cheerfully told us a room was available, and within 10 minutes of arriving, we were in our room and unpacking our bags.Our room was spacious and clean, and nothing fancy, but we were only looking for basic comfortable. With an ironing board &amp; iron, and a blow dryer, we had our needs easily met. The pool area was very nice with lots of trees and a jacuzzi. It was kept very clean, too.The casino was right up our alley. Lots of the popular slots, and the usual gaming tables. The best part was that the dealers were very, very friendly.....not like the stiff, almost robotic kind you normally encounter on The Strip. In talking to the folks I encountered while at the tables, I found a great number of them were locals.....that ought to tell you something!No matter where we walked through the property, staff were always friendly and helpful. Everyone said hello when you passed them, and I really liked that!So, if you are looking for a reasonably-priced, well-located, friendly place to stay.....Terrible's is IT! The only caveat I would have is that unless you are inclined to walking A LOT, a rental car is something you would want to have if you are staying there because while convenient, it is a good distance from The Strip.	
Apr 15 2005	Great Budget Hotel	We stayed in the Terribles beginning April 2005. excellent value all round, great food and great discounts with the coupons available when joining Players club. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Its not a Strip hotel but then you are not paying strip prices. We would visit again.	
Apr 15 2005	april 9 2005	we stayed 4/6-4/9/05. The room was fine, we had a rental car to get around. Staff were friendly except check in. PRICES REASONABLE AND COFFEE SHOP 2 MORNINGS FOR BREAKFAST WAS GOOD.	
Apr 8 2005	Very Solid	I stayed Mar 21-24. My room was very clean and spacious and safe. Food was what I expected. I'd recommend breakfast at the cafe instead of fighting the lines at the buffet unless you can arrive very early. I had a car so everything was convenient, I wouldn't want to walk to the strip everyday. But overall, it was very good, I would stay again.	
Apr 6 2005	Not Terrible at all	This hotel can't be beat for the price you pay. The rooms are big and extremely clean. All the employees are incredibly nice, espeicially upstairs in the 24 hour cafe. The food at that little cafe is also awesome. The steaks were suprisingly great. In three days my boyfriend ate at least six steaks. Prices in the store on the ground floor were not jacked up. Everything was rather moderately priced. The drinks that we were served while gaming were very good and of course free!! I plan to stay at Terribles again and will recommend it to others. Please don't let the name scare you off.	
Apr 5 2005	Good for the price	Terribles Hotel is far enough away from the strip that you need a car. The casino is on the small side, but very adequate. Our room (3321) was large and comfortable, overlooking the pool. We had meals at the Bouganvilla Cafe (not bad, not great), and ordered room service one night - it came very fast!The staff was not friendly though. In fact I complained to the pit boss about two rude blackjack dealers, but I don't imagine that my opinion meant much to him. All in all, it's not a bad place to stay if you're on a tight budget.	
Mar 30 2005	Decent place to stay if you're on a budget	Just stayed there during the 4th week of Mar 2005. Called a couple of days before to make sure my request for 2 beds from the travel site I used to book the room was on their records, it wasn't, but the hotel went ahead and submitted my request cheerfully with no problems. When we got there we had to search all over the smoky casino for the front desk. They really should post the location of the check-in desk somewhere at the door so that their room guests won't have to wander all over the place in the smoke to find it. Other than that headache, the staff was pleasant and helpful. I and my son were there w/my sister and her son, and we requested quiet, non-smoking adjoining rooms and were given exactly what we requested on the second floor which made such a difference because the smoke from the casino didn't travel up on that level; unlike the smoke permeating everwhere on the first floor. The rooms were clean, spacious, and nice for the price we paid. The hotel turned out to be quite a distance from the strip and the neighborhood around that area is questionable, so we were glad we rented a car. And it is a distance away from the nightly traffic jams of the strip and conveniently up the road from the airport. The buffets were good but the 2 for 1 coupons they provide apply only to adults over the age of 21. But they did offer to charge me half price w/the coupons if I paid full price for my son. Guess any discount's better than none. I would stay there again but would make sure had a room in the same area on the same level and rented a car.	
Mar 30 2005	Terribles was anything but terrible	I had a few trepidations about staying at terribles Hotel and Casino after reading one of the previous rewiews about Terribles on the tripadvisor. We have stayed at Terribles a few times over the last few years and had never been disappointed but I admit that I had my doubts. Well my doubts vanished as soon as we arrived at the Hotel. The checkin staff were courteous and helpful. I had received an email from the Hotel itself offering a reduced rate and complimentary daily breakfast for each of us per day and the staff were only too happy to adjust our accomodation rate down to $19.95 per night. The room was large and clean as the rooms have always been during the past visits to the hotel. It was nice to find a Hotel in Las Vegas with real furniture and space to enjoy it. The pool area was immaculate and once again the staff were more than accomodating. The breakfast buffet was busy but the food was of good quality and the variety was plentiful. I would not hesitate to recommend Terribles to everyone that lasts. It is a great Hotel!!!!	
Mar 22 2005	if you like quiet...	My husband, sixteen year old daughter and I flew to Vegas for January 1-5, we had the dates of January 2-5 comped at Harrah's and had a difficult time finding a room that was available at a reasonable price for the date of January 1st. We arrived at the motel at approximately 11:45 p.m., checked in (non-smoking), and decided to grab a bite to eat, as everyone raved about the restaurant - Upon arrival, we ran our bags up to the room and it was clean and actually non-smoking - dinner took at least 35 minutes to get seated (loaded with locals), the daughter was wiped out after the flight and time change... she was ready to call it a night - my husband decided to play some craps and my daughter and I went back to the room to shower and attempt to sleep - I say attempt to sleep... because it was so noisy it was only an attempt - this motel backs up close to the McCarren Airport, constant plane noise, there was construction outside our window which seemed like it was non-stop, the drunks in the room next to ours attempted to open our door, they did eventually find theirs, and we could hear every single word they mumbled... I could have even had their credit card number if I was a thief, that is how easy it was to hear through the paper thin walls. If it weren't for such a short stay in their motel, I would have asked for my money back... but, it was New Years Day, the airfare from Orlando was dirt cheap and with the teenager with us it was just about a no-brainer to find somewhere cheap to store our luggage and try to get a nod - My daughter has been to Vegas in the past with us - once for a week in The Mandalay Bay and another time for 3 days at Mandalay Bay - I agree it's no place for kids, but, she has friends out there and she is not roaming the streets when there - it is way worse in Daytona Beach than Vegas by far... those cameras everywhere really do add a sense of security there - If you are going to just play and a no-frills clean room is all you need, I can recommend, if your hoping for a Venetian, Mandalay or Bellagio setting..... don't book it! The staff treated us extremely well by the way! My husband and I will be going back next month for 3 nights at the MGM and 2 at Harrah's and will use the comps terribles has sent, but that will be the extent of a trip back there - I hope this helps.	
Mar 15 2005	OH DEAR!	Good value breakfasts but other than that OH DEAR you certainly get what you pay for.The walk to the strip helps you to forget.We were tired each time we got back so fortunately wasn't able to take in the total ambience of the place.	
Mar 11 2005	Awesome Value!	We've stayed at Terribles 3 of the 4 times we've gone to Vegas. The one time we didn't stay there we got married and stayed at the Bellagio. The rooms have ALWAYS been clean and quiet. The buffet is JUST OK, equal to Old Country Buffet. Breakfast buffet is harmless. The cafe across from it is good and has great prices. We never walk to the strip, but walk 5 minutes across the street to the Hard Rock and take the free shuttle. Terrible's is also directly across the street from P.F. Chang's. They have excellent comps and always have coupons around. The $29 or $39 is a great value compared to the money you might pay at other overpriced Vegas hotels.	
Mar 4 2005	It is really terrible	They call it terrible's because of the terrible stink in the hallways and the rooms. One night I found a drunk sleeping across my hotel door. To top that, they have charged me for an extra night that I didn't stay. They have promised to investigate, but nothing happened and they didn't respond to a subsequent voice mail. I would only recommend it to people I don't like.	
Feb 28 2005	Average Hotel In An Average Casino	Not a bad place to spend a night. Small, but nice pool area. Non-smoking rooms actually are non-smoking rooms. It's not a place to avoid. It's about a 10 minute walk to the strip and really close to the Hard Rock casino. Good eats all around.	
Feb 28 2005	Terribles lived up to it's name!	This place was the WORST place, I have ever stayed. I found someone elses purple panties on my floor. The hotel staff was not very nice and did not believe me until I showed them. I WOULD NEVER STAY THERE AGAIN!	
Feb 22 2005	OK for the money!!!	OK, this was not bad at all! We only needed to stay one night but we enjoyed it very much. The food was good at the all night place where the complete chicken dinner is only $4.99!!!! You get so much food and it's prepared and presented very nice! The room was cool and very clean. It was crowded in the casino which is good. We found that Terrible's gift shop has the least expensive liqour for purchase than the local liquor stores! We bought bottles of champagne, tequila, etc. Our room was only $39! This is an ok place if you really need/want to save money to gamble for shop! We stayed here Feb 05.	
Feb 19 2005	Its an OK place if you have a car	My husband and I stayed at Terribles for 4 nights in Jan, 05. We booked airfare and terribles for 4 nights from Dallas for 250.00 p.p. A really great deal. We always rent a car. Terribles is really too far away from the strip to walk. We noticed that a lot of airline personnel stayed here also. The rooms are clean and VERY comfortable with a coffee pot but nothing fancy at all. The buffet is the worst I have ever experienced in Las Vegas, even with the half priced buffet coupon they leave in the rooms for you. If you decide to eat at the buffet, MAKE SURE that you get the appropiate coupon, because they all have different dates. We did not notice that and when we tried to use one of them in the buffet, it was for a different week and the red headed supervisor acted as though we were trying to steal from her pocket and made a huge issue of it. We ended up paying full price. However, I do recommend the cafe directly across from the buffet. The prime rib for 9.00 is enough for 3 people and very good. Very few of the staff speak english and ones that do act as though they are brow beaten before the beginning of their shifts. Not very friendly at all. If I have a choice in the same price range, I would not stay here again.	
Feb 15 2005	Great value and excellent comps 	We just got back on Feb. 11th from a 4 day stay at Terribles. It was anything but terrible!!! From the people who met us at the front door, to the front desk clerks and slot club people, everyone was very freindly and took great care of us. Once we joined the slot club and got our free hat/t-shirt, and 2 free buffet breakfasts. They also gave us their magazine which included a lot of 2-1 buffets and other offers. The buffets were varied and plentiful, you could not go away hungry. We hardly paid anything for our meals while we were there. The only thing I can say is that at the time their airport shuttle was not operational. this was a little disappointing and cost us a little more money than we had planned for. As far as the casino goes, there were plenty of slots and video poker avaiable from 1cent up to 5 dollars. My only other slight complaint was the table games. They only had blackjack, roullete and craps. I like to play the carribbean stud and three card poker. The Hard Rock is right across the street so it satisfied my needs. On our final night, we went to see what our points could get us, and were very suprised at our winfall!!!! I got a nice suede jacket and the wife got 3 polo shirts and bunch more t-shirts. Also both got a free steak dinner that last night. We cannot wait to go back. If you expect all the fancy dressings of the big strip hotels, stay there and pay 4 times the price. If you want one of the best values we have ever found and don't mind a 10 minute walk or bus to the strip. Stay at TERRIBLES, you won't regret it.	
Feb 12 2005	Don't expect too much - and you'll be o.k.	For $29/night you get a $29 room, etc. The room was somewhat dark, and other than the airplane traffic it was quiet. The maid service is slow. So slow that my room was not made up the first day. The casino is small, and cramped, but I had good luck at the BJ table my first night. The cafe was o.k.. I ate there around midnight my first night, nothing special. The free breakfast buffet I recieved for signing up for a players card was worth every penny. My main complaint was that the A/C unit is old. It kept shutting off. I would be concerned that the rooms would not be comfortable in summer.  The location is something to take into account. It was a 20 minute walk to the Strip, which is what I expected, but the air temp was 55-60 degrees. This walk would be tough in the summer. Hard Rick is a 5 minute walk. It's not a place to take the wife, but if you know what your're getting into, it's a room in Vegas for little money. 	
Dec 29 2004	Old Style Vegas Value	Las Vegas was once known for its cheap eats and low hotel prices designed to get people into the Casinos. At most of the larger hotels now the food and room prices are pretty high.Terrible's represents what Vegas use to be. The food here is remarkably cheap and pretty good. The breakfast especially is top notch. I recently stayed overnight at Terrible's for the first time. The room itself was good. The hallways were a bit worn but overall this hotel represents great value. The one catch is to stay here you pretty much need a rent a car. I always rent a car in Vegas so for me it's fine but if you don't it about 3/4mile detached from the strip. It isn't real far but it's not a walk you really want to make. But if you have a car the location is actually very convienent. It's near the Airport and Center Strip. Even if you don't stay at Terrible's, if you have rented a car drop in for breakfast. Anyone who has a players card can get a 2 for 1 Buffett coupon at anytime and get 2 Buffett Breakfasts for $5 and you can cook to order omlettes there. Many locals eat here regularily. The coffee shop also has great deals.	
Dec 15 2004	Teriffic food at great prices	We were in Vegas Nov 26th to Dec 4th , had a great time ,eat at Terribles, more than once, total of 5 times. Food was terrific and very cheap. We will go back again. The machines were also lots of fun.	
Dec 12 2004	Good Hotel and location.	Stayed there December 2 to December 6 2004. Room was a good size. Room and Bathroom was clean. Great location. $8.00 Cab drive to the Bellagio. Food and gambling was good. Regardless of where you stay, you shouldn't be spending much time in your room anyway, there is way to much to see on the strip and surrounding areas. I will be staying here again in the future.	
Nov 15 2004	Great price!!! Bad customer service!	First of all I must say don't let the name trick you. It's not that Terrible! The price was worth the stay; rooms were very clean! The only downfall was the customer service @ the front desk. They rather mingle w/each other. Although, the restauraunt waitress/waiters were full of &quot;Aloha&quot; spirit. They helped us give directions to places &amp; most importantly always had smiles!	
Oct 25 2004	Terrible's -- NOT Terrible if you want a budget stay!	This was my first time staying at Terrible's. In the past, we always stayed at the Flamingo or Stardust on the strip. We paid $29/night for our Room 1048. It was on the first floor just a walk away from the casino floor. Our non-smoking room was nicely detailed with 2 double beds. Everything worked in the room...no complaints...they even delivered a crib to the room upon my request! We had free shuttle service from the airport to the hotel and back. Bougainville Restaurant buffet was okay...breakfast was better than the Thursday seafood buffet. In the Terrible's magazine located in the room, there are several 2 for 1 buffet coupons...we used them for dining there. We signed up for the slot club and got a free t-shirt. Convenience store inside the building was also good. There are only two noticeable drawbacks to Terrible's...(1) the staff was a little unfriendly...no smiles, no helpfulness...nothing. Just do their job and that's it. If they were a little more friendly, it would have been nicer but then again, I work in a customer service area so maybe I am more attuned to that particular aspect; and (2) location, location, location. Off strip! Since this was a budget trip for us, we didn't want to pay alot of cab fare to get around so we walked a couple of blocks to the Hard Rock Hotel &amp; Casino, rode their free shuttle on the hour to the strip and gave the driver a nice tip each time. Overall, if you're looking for budget accommodations, this is the place to be. Great, clean room for very little money...just be prepared for ground transportation when you hit the road. It was a nice hotel and we'll stay again now that we know how to get around.	
Oct 25 2004	It's OK	I paid $29 US for the room so how can I complain? We stayed there for our last night in town, after a mid-trip trek to LA.The room was fine, bed was comfi, room was clean, decore was OK. Bathroom was tiny.The pool courtyard is nice and private. The staff were OK. The pit boss almost had a heart attack because we were winning, you could tell he wanted the house to win. Too bad for them, we took $500 off them!The casino itself is really crowded and SMOKEY. I can't stand smoke and it bothered me so much I had to leave.There was a coupon in our room for a free breakfast buffet which ended up being really good. The slot club has good comps &amp; coupon book too, even an ugly t-shirt for signing up. We ate dinner - a 1/2 rack of ribs, salad and 3 big sides. With a beer and tip it came to $9 each! I couldn't belive the cheap prices after spending days on the strip.Terrible's is the kind of place you can go and spend next to nothing. I would always take the strip over Terrible's, especially if it is your first time to Vegas or haven't been there in awhile. It's not great but it's not Terrible either.	
Oct 1 2004	Very very good for the price	I've visited Vegas several times and stayed at Aladdin, Mandalay, Flamingo and Imperial Palace and I must say that Terrible's is great for the price. The rooms were nice and clean and the service was great. The location is very convenient and it was a nice little workout rooom that they had. I remember staying Alladin and asking where the gym was and they told me &quot;Paris&quot;! It was way better than Imperial Dumpster (palace) and way better bang for the buck than Alladin. The late night breakfast was great and the housekeeping staff was really friendly. I'm going back to vegas in 2 weeks and I'll be staying there for sure. The guys at the front desk was fast and friendly. I am looking forward to going back.	
Sep 16 2004	A great value and great service	Don't let the name throw you! My sister and I found you don't always get what you pay for. Actually we got far more than we paid for. The rooms were large, comfortable beds, clean, and eye appealing. All the employees were extremely friendly. The food was a fantastic value. This is one place left in Vegas where you can eat a full (20 OZ) prime rib dinner for only $7.99! Or you can go to either bar and order a $1- $2 item such as 3 large chicken strips with fries, or a 4 chicken wing with fries.Terrible's is right off the strip, still within walking distance, if yo're a healthy person. If not it is like a 1 minute drive to the strip. This is where I will be staying from now on. No more over priced hotels for me!	
Sep 8 2004	Will stay at Terrible's again!	I stayed at Terrible's Hotel in early September of 2004. I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms were comfortable and quiet. Most of the guests seemed to be a bit older, so there were no wild parties or screaming children. The maids and room service were very friendly and helpful. The pool/ spa area was very nice as well. The prices can't be beat! Very affordable. There were only two cons- the airport is close, so during the day you can hear jets taking off. I just turned on the cooler or the TV to drown out the noise. Also- it's about 2 miles off of the strip. It may be too far if you plan on walking a lot. I had a car- so it wasn't too bad. Overall my experience at Terrible's was good and I would stay there again.	
Aug 28 2004	Not for people who like clean or speak in complete sentences.	My friends and I went to Vegas for the day and got stuck overnight due to airline problems. We looked forward to the extra time and were told we were being sent to Terrible's, but that it was a &quot;new&quot; hotel and nice. The front desk was a nice gentleman when we checked in, but when we checked out there was a very rude and lazy girl who didn't speak but just kept doing what she was doing and &quot;pointed&quot; to the shuttle desk - never even bothering to look at or pick up our room keys. No one else was at the desk at the time - so she wasnt' busy by any means.At the bar, we sat to play some video poker and found the game and counter covered with dried food drippings and ashes. When we asked the bartender if we could get it cleaned, he handed me a rag and said &quot;I just can't keep up&quot; and then went back to his off duty friends telling 20 minute stories about fishing [really got tired of the word &quot;flounder&quot; after about 5 minutes!] We moved and a second bartender was much more friendly and clearly did not fit in to this hotel's less-than-low-budget atmosphere. The bar's idea of &quot;sports-bar&quot; was to show wrestling - really bad wrestling - that even the nice bartender couldn't stop watching and thought was &quot;great.&quot;Finally, in the room, they have window-type air conditioners which are left &quot;off&quot; until you check in. You have to turn it on and then get out until it cools down. In the evening when we went to sleep, we were awakened every hour on the hour by the airconditioner's extremely loud 'recycling-type' noise. Even the pillow on the head did not help. Worst night's sleep I've had in a long time. I asked another guest that morning if his airconditioner did the same thing, and he said he was also awakened every hour with this horrible noise. Needless to say, I would only recommend this hotel to someone I did not like and would never see again. Aug. 2004	
Aug 18 2004	Decent Hotel for the Price	I stayed here for 2 nights, for $26 a night. The room was newer and nicely furnished. I had a nonsmoking room, but it still smelled like smoke, as did the whole complex.While it is not right on the strip, a quick 5 minute drive down to the Flamingo ramp puts you right at the strip. Join the Players Club and get lots of freebies (buffets and gas) and half priced meals. I'd stay again--the price and location worked great for me.	
Aug 18 2004	Enjoyed Terrible's Hotel 	We stayed at Terrible's three nights in August. Room average was only $60 per night. The things that matter to me were there: good towels, nice water pressure in the shower, cleanliness, a great and uncrowded pool/jacuzzi. I asked for a quiet room and got it. A lot less noise and crowds than when staying on the Strip. A short walk from the Hard Rock Cafe. Friendly staff. Good food and good value in the cafe. It's not fancy, but it's very nice.	
Jul 11 2004	Pool Great Rooms Not So Great	We stayed at Terribles for 3 nights at the beginning of July 2004. We checked into our room and I wanted to take a shower....I start the shower and first there was no hot water...second the shower itself didn't work...there was mold on the ceiling holes in the wall of the bathroom. I spoke to the front desk and the offered to move us to a different room...with children already in bed asleep, we had to wait until the next morning. The second room was much better and I was much happier....Pool and hot tub are great.....quiet and secluded, but if you are looking for a quiet qetaway, do not stay there on a thursday night....Players club pool parties!!! Loud music, people screaming...the only place in the entire hotel you can get away from that noise is the casino which by the way is kinda small, but to go to the casino to get away from the noise of the pool party is pretty much hopeless. The location was kind of disappointing...according to the hotel staff when the room was booked...the hotel was supposed to be a block or two off the strip...NOT TRUE...it is actually about a five minute drive by car to the strip. I was not happy with this hotel at all....I had a better time the last time I was there and stayed at the Circus Circus.	
Jul 10 2004	Not too shabby	I read some of these reviews prior to arriving at Terrible's back in June. I was a little disturbed at the lack of security provided when entering the pool area and rooms. It seems most of the security was inside the casino itself. I was surprised at the wonderful decor inside our room. Very neat. The breakfast buffet was reasonably priced. I must say I didn't like the fact that we had to go all the way to their 24 hour store to get ice as there were no ice machines strategically placed throughout the floors. The casino staff was very friendly. One of the guards was kind enough to help me with the 4 heavy buckets full of dollar chips to the cashier. I was wondering how I was going to get them to the cashier. I was always addressed by name and was made to feel welcomed at all times. Would I stay there again? You betcha.	
Jun 30 2004	cosy comfortable and a bargain	We stayed at terrible for 3 nights in october 2003. the hotel was a little older but clean and comfortable. The food was tasty and very reasonable in price. Use the coupon book for deals. There were many small coin slots and we had a ball playing them. I have no problem recommending this hotel. it is about a 20 minute walk to the strip but you can catch a bus across the street.	
Jun 5 2004	What a Pleasant Surprise!	I was kicked-out of my house for three-days due to termite fumigation. Living in SoCal the kneejerk reaction is GO TO VEGAS!I chose Terrible's basically as a novelty idea. I couldn't get the $29 mid-week rate and was charged $59. No big deal.You get what you pay for. I saw what seemed to be the $29 rooms on the first floor. They appeared to be &quot;just average&quot;. My room was on the second floor and looked brand new and was rather large. Who spends much time in a Vegas hotel room anyway?Initially, the room didn't have a remote control for the TV. I called the front desk and by the time I got back from a quick tour of the casino, the RC was delivered to the room.Not the greatest location as it is a few blocks east of The Strip, but the advantage of that is somewhat less traffic. The only major casino within a quick walk is the Hard Rock.I doubt I would ever stay there again, but it was fun for one night.	
May 29 2004	Loved The Pool!!!	Hubby and I spent 5 nights at Terrible's last week and had a wonderful time. We had a poolside (or garden view) room on the first floor. A handicap smoking, which did not smell of smoke as so many smoking rooms do. Plenty of room and comfy bed. I wish the pillows had been fluffier....sigh. I spent my days at the Pool while Hubby hit the Poker rooms. Nice pool, not croweded with plenty of chairs, sunny and shady spots. The big draw back with the pool is that as mentioned in another review, it closes at 6 PM.Like another reviewer, I needed an iron and board twice on this trip and it was delivered in minutes. We didn't try the buffet, but the cafe was decent food and extremely affordable. Being from the Midwest, we had no trouble getting there before 7 AM for the Graveyard Specials. Good pancakes, OK French Toast, and everything else was good. Locals seem to like the cafe and it was fun listing to casino employees from other casinos talk about their &quot;day&quot; while we ate breakfast in the mornings.The rooms were clean and the furnishing were not worn. We liked the fact it is not on the strip. Once you were away from the Casino area, it was so peaceful, you had no idea of all the action going on just blocks away. With the money we saved on this room, we rented a car and took a day trip on Sunday. (Mt. Charleston....a waste of time IMHO.) But with so many points on your Player's card, you can use it to put gas in your rental at the Terrible's Herbst Chevron Stations, that seem to be everywhere!We played in the Casino some, lots of penny, nickle and quarter slots. Short on the $1. Basic table games and frequented by locals. Couldn't get near the cashier on Friday evening, with the cash your paycheck and win a car promotions. But that was the only time we felt crowded by local folks.I racked up some points on my Player's card, so I will see what kind of deal I can get with them the next trip, and yes we will stay at Terrible's again.	
May 20 2004	Great place to play and stay	Stayed 9 - 12 May in handicap room. Very easy to move in room and bath even had in room coffee for $19.95 at night room rate which was comped. Breakfast buffet with 2 for 1 coupon $5.31 with tax. Even was the cafe was better with 18 oz t-bone for $6.95. Had jacks or better 9 - 6 with 4000 pay off poker machines. Will be back.	
May 20 2004	Not quite Terrible but almost	For the price, the hotel is okay, but next time I'd pay more money for a better location, nicer room, and better food. The bell service were rude, shuttle late or no showed. Front desk always busy. 	
Apr 22 2004	Great value	Great value @ $27 per night. Very helpful staff, great food prices, Bingo in your own hotel, fun table games, relaxed atmosphere. Ask for room with courtyard view. Nice pool area.	
Apr 15 2004	Terribles a real find	We stayed at Terribles one night in April, 2004 and loved it. Not only did we receive a great rate of $29 on a Sunday night, but we found the staff great. The hotel room was very nice and came with the first coffee maker and clock of all the hotels we have stayed at in Vegas. The room was overlooking their pool courtyard. Very generous with their player club members offering many 2 for 1's in both the restaurant and buffet. Although it was about 1 mile from the strip on Flamingo, it was a very plesant experience.	
Apr 9 2004	Terribles-a good deal!	We stayed at Terribles in March, 2004. The good: cheap room rates, generous comps, nice pool area, low table limits, nice affordable restaurant. The bad: hard to get a cab (had to a walk 2 blocks to Hard Rock to get a cab). Overview: if you go to Vegas once every 10 years or if you want to be pampered, do not go to terribles. If you are a Vegas veteran, like to gamble, and want a nice affordable room, Terribles is the place for you. Expect a standard &quot;Red Roof Inn&quot; type room; this is no MGM folks, but you can't argue with the room rates! The staff will not kiss your --- like they would at the Bellagio, but they are all nice and accomodiating. Until I win the million dollar jackpot, i will return to Terribles.	
Apr 1 2004	Above average for the price	We were just looking for a decent place to sleep in Vegas and this suited us just fine. We didn't really gamble in the casino so I can't say a whole lot about it. Sure it smells like smoke but most of them do. The room was pretty quiet and very big. Plenty of space. I ended up needing an iron and called maid service who brought it to the room in less than 5 minutes. The man at the front desk was very fast and friendly. I was very satisfied as far as quality compared to price. The only bad thing about it was the pool/hot tub situation. It looked like an awesome pool but we never got to use it because it closes at 6pm. We were a little disappointed because we had hoped to relax in the hot tub after walking around all day and it was already closed.	
Apr 1 2004	Loved it	Terrible's was absolutely the best place I have stayed in Las Vegas. Location is convenient to the strip, within walking distance. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Food was excellent and price was low. Rooms were spacious and clean. Outside gardens were wonderful for relaxing, nice pool and jacuzzi. I definitely would return to Terrible's, they won me over.	
Mar 29 2004	I loved it	This was my first time to Vegas, and was disappointed when my buddy booked a room here. Boy was I amazed when I got there. The casino was niced sized, cheap and good food, easy access, and it had the best player's club of all the casinos that I went to. I paid for one night of my room within 1 hour of playing blackjack. I won out two different ways. I look forward to going back next time.	
Mar 22 2004	What a value!	Have stayed here twice, and have already booked my next stay! As a woman who is sometimes traveling alone, I can't beat this place! Valet is always friendly and helpful, and I feel comfortable here - small place, with easy room access. One of best features is the convenience store located just off the casino floor - everything from T shirts to drinks, with reasonable pricing.This is mainly a locals joint, so rooms are generally reasonable - no, I'll say it - they're usually CHEAP!!! I stayed almost a week in Dec. 2003 for $9.95 a night ! Check their website - buy one night, get one free - and other really cheap rates are usually available if you plan in advance; very generous slot club lets even a low roller like me take home merchandise, get free meals, etc.; one recent deal offered room nights for quite low points.Don't eat the buffet except for breakfast, and make sure you have a coupon - 2-1, but also honored at half price for people dining alone; at that price ($2.50 per tax pp) you can't lose - made to order omelets are the hightlight.Their restaurant, the Bouganvillea cafe, is another matter - good basic food, great prices - check out the lunch specials and the late night/earling morning ones. They feature Chinese food specials at lunch, and have a new Mexican section of the menu. Coupons are readily available online or in their monthly newsletter (not always in stock when you get there - get them online). They have even been putting coupons in the rooms for selected reduced cafe price specials. Try the house wine - pretty decent, but definitely inexpensive.As for the casino, it can be a little crowded and noisy - but you'll find good odds on 25 cent and up video poker, a small sportsbook, and even a bingo room - table mins. start at $5, and there are tons of slots crammed into this space. The casino can also seem smoky at times.The rooms are basic but clean - I did have a room once with water damage. I recommend the third floor to avoid noise from rooms above. I had problems with neighbors on my last visit, and I found security to be both prompt and efficient.They have a free fitness center for registered guests, and it includes a full bathroom, as well as a computer station that has a PC with web acess.If you don't care about being right on the strip (hotel/casino is on Flamingo at Paradise), and just want a cheap, basic room, this may be the place for you! You can always catch the Flamingo bus just outside for a cheap ride to the strip, and Terribles has a free hotel shuttle to/from McCarran airport.	
Mar 15 2004	Good Enough	Stayed during March 12-14th. Read all the reviews before I went. Check in was fine - found the person friendly - got me three rooms right next to each other. The casino isn't much to write home about as it's very small. The rooms are modest but I've stayed in worst. Had two queens and one was the most lumpy bed I've ever seen. The bathroom had a hole in the wall. But over all not bad - at least it didn't smell funny. I paid a cheap rate through Lodging.com and I suggest you don't pay more that $74 a night to stay here. Because and here is the deciding factor in my opinion - the hotel is right next to a fire station and a hospital. So all night you WILL hear sirens. If you are exhausted enough it's not a big deal but if you are a light sleeper - you will be miserable. And the walls are paper thin so you will hear your neighbor if you don't have your TV on. The location isn't bad if you have a car as you are close to some great restaurants and if you know how to work the side streets - you get around town quicker than being stuck on the strip. So basically you get what you pay for.	
Feb 28 2004	Terrible's is Terribly Accomodating:)	This is a great hotel for frequent traveller's to the city. Room prices are super cheap, checking-in was a snap, and the rooms are clean and updated. The casino area is smaller so it doesn't take 10 minutes to leave your hotel. Plus, it's 5 minutes from the Hard Rock!	
Feb 27 2004	It's ALL in the Name	It?s all in the name! Terrible?s is TERRIBLE. The problem was not the hotel room itself which was adequate. Or the run down crowded casino. My problem came when my brand new car was broken into that was parked in FRONT of the casino and my personal belongings stolen. When I notified the manager Mark (last name?) I was told to file a police report regarding this felony break in and he would check to see if anything was recorded on the security video. Sounds good, too bad it never happened or no one ever got back to me in a timely fashion. Not only was I never gotten back to regarding the video, nothing else was offered as compensation for my loss. I asked the maintenance department if they could get me some plastic and tape to cover up my broken car window and was met with the response? that it was not their problem. Would it have been too much to ask for if my room was compensated for my troubles? A complimentary dinner perhaps? Anything? This hotel is Terrible, and the customer service and security indeed live up to it?s name.	
Jan 25 2004	Love Terrible's.... great room great price!!		
Jan 21 2004	Truly Terrible		
Jan 4 2004	loved this place		
Jan 4 2004	Absolute Terrible Vacation		
Dec 23 2003	loved terribles hotel and casino		
Oct 8 2003	Great value for money		
Sep 18 2003	Nice place.		
Aug 13 2003	Great Value		
Jun 29 2003	No Return Trip		
Dec 16 2002	Best Players' club		
Oct 7 2009 	Tres bien !		
Aug 24 2009	excelent		
Aug 21 2009 	????????		
Jul 1 2009	tres bien tout simplement.		
Oct 22 2008 	Chamble nickel !		
Jul 6 2008 	Parfait ! et la 3ème nuit est offerte !		
Jun 3 2008 	Hotel Casino fantastique		
May 15 2008 	Très bon hotel		
Jul 9 2007	Meilleur rapport qualité/prix de Vegas		
